The reality of our world exists without us .
The world exists as it does due to it 's position in the goldilocks zone .
We evolved from that reality .
With our senses we observe that reality which includes ourselves .
We interact with our world the way we do because we have become top of the food chain .
We evolved from the planet which supports us , we could n't have evolved as we are on Mars .
The source of the reality we perceive is the coming together of this rock with it 's positioning in space and distance from the sun .
We are no different from other animals , we have evolved our communication and logic skills through nature and nurture .
However , we need to explore quantum levels and their basis in consciousness .
As well as black matter which takes up 20 % of our universe and dark energy which makes up 75 % .
That 's how small we are in the scheme of things .
How it exists is easier to answer than why .
Why it exists - I do n't know !
Some people say we are worker ants , others we are cockroaches .
Made by the planet to look after the planet , to reproduce , to be curious and find other ways to find other planets similar to ours to propel the species .
Who knows , everything has it's use by date !
healthyinteriors.com.au has valuable information just waiting to help you - from links to other helpful sites , to articles , other resources and services .
Infinity Ward has announced that a patch to fix the Call Of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 Javelin glitch will soon be made available on the consoles .
The technical quirk , which involves players exploding while holding the Javelin weapon , is said to have recently been exploited by some gamers to score extra points by suicide - bombing opponents .
In response , Infinity Ward 's Robert Bowling said that Patch 1.06 , which fixes the problem , has already been launched on PC and will soon be released on Xbox 360 and PS3 .
Writing on the developer 's official Twitter feed , he explained : " PC has the Javelin update already and is constantly getting matchmaking tweaks .
1.06 is the Javelin fix , care package glitch fix , and addresses areas where players could get into geo .
Like rocks on Afghan .
" MW2 on PS3 just got update 1.05 which includes some improvements to matchmaking .
Patch 1.06 is still coming down the pipeline .
" For those playing MW2 on Xbox 360 .
The same fixes that are in 1.06 are coming to you , it 's currently in Microsoft cert .
Out of my hands . "
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Note to those in the various fields of Physics :
You must read the entire paper .
The language and style may seem contradictive from a mathematical standpoint in the early paragraphs .
The paper is designed for a general audience .
Time is perhaps the most enviable component in existence .
It enjoys tremendous freedom , credibility and best of all , a wide range of definition .
Within this generous range it wears many faces and nothing to date has pinned it down and thus made it reveal its one true face and definition .
Within the concise confines of this paper we will sort through the many faces of time and isolate its single identity .
Since time wears multiple faces and infiltrates so many facets of our existence we need a context in which its freedom is limited and we can observe it continually .
Hopefully through constant observation we can prevent it from changing faces and once again confusing its definition .
The context we will use is the widely accepted models of Special and General Relativity .
General wisdom states that the best place to begin a search or anything for that matter is at the beginning , so that is where we will begin or at least get as close as we can to the beginning .
The big bang description of the early universe and its subsequent evolution was formulated primarily through the models of Relativity and although there is debate regarding some of the details , the general premise of its construction is widely accepted .
When we visually conceptualize the evolution of the Big Bang model we see the initial state of the universe expanding and it continues to expand ever larger and larger .
The component that fuels this expansion is energy and the component that is expanded is space .
Due to the relationship of energy and mass , matter is produced within the expanding space and from the moment the smallest unit of matter is produced it is continually in motion .
It is in motion simply because it was born in motion and in one very real sense , of motion .
This activity is the concise definition of the universe .
It is a single event which has contained within it multiple constituents .
It is critical to understand that the primary cornerstone of our intellectual models must always illuminate this simple fact :
The universe is one single continuing event and this event continues to be powered by the energy that was present in the initial state in one form or another .
At any point along this continuing event an observer can witness the results of the relationship between energy , matter and space and also the subsequent relationships that are produced from this primary relationship .
The visual result of these relationships at this point of its evolution is the beautiful universe that we experience everyday .
There is a conspicuous absence in the basic component list of the universe and the component that seems to be missing is time .
What role does time play in the construction of the universe ?
The simple and somewhat disturbing answer is ; time does not play any role .
It is not required in any way shape or form to facilitate the continuing event that is our universe .
Energy alone powers this event .
When we conceptualize the expansion and evolution of the universe we tend to say that the universe cooled to a certain temperature in x amount of time or the Strong and Weak Nuclear forces became evident at a certain time .
However the correct terminology is that these things occurred not at a certain point in time but rather at a certain point along the event of the universe .
Nothing can happen in time simply because time does not exist as a component of the universe .
It is an impossibility to construct a physical system in which we need this exotic , nonexistent component called time to assist in any way in facilitating its operation .
We tend to magically couple time with energy and make them co-movers of the universe or couple time with space and make them co-containers of the universe .
By applying Occum ’s Razor we quickly eliminate the time component simply because it is not needed .
Energy does not need any help with its duties and neither does space .
We can conceptually eliminate the time component simply because it is not detectable in any way shape or form .
It simply does not exist .
Here we have a conundrum ; what is this multi- faceted thing we call time ?
For something that does n’t exist , it ’s done quite well for itself .
It ’s in every text book on the planet .
It ’s in every scientific model on the planet including our Relativity models .
What exactly is this intruder ?
The conception of a component of time is due to four things :
1. Humans have a continually updating memory system .
2. Humans have a conceptual space in which we can continually review this flowing memory system .
3 . We are participants and not exterior observers of the universe .
4 . We widely misinterpret how this nonexistent component is measured .
The first three are locked in a very close relationship .
We can illustrate their contribution to our illusion of time with a model .
We have all seen a lottery ball machine .
Typically they are encased in glass and have several balls flying around due to multiple air jets .
Like our universe there is no state of rest in the system and the balls are flying around at different and varying rates of motion .
We are able to follow the motion of the balls because our continually updating memory system is in relative motion with the balls .
If it was n’t continually updating at least at the rate the balls are moving , the motion of the balls would not be fluid but rather sketchy , like a video playing on a computer screen with insufficient processing power .
As an exterior observer of the lottery machine we can measure an interval of motion of one of the balls .
The only way we can measure this interval of motion is with another interval of motion , a clock of some description .
When we apply this measurement we easily understand a couple of things .
First we understand that the energy produced by the air jets is all that is responsible for the motion of the balls , nothing else is involved .
Secondly we understand that the interval of motion we have measured is simply a statement of how much faster or slower it is in relation to the rate of motion ticked off by our measuring device .
All is motion .
At this stage of our illustration we have n’t coupled time with the air energy moving the balls around , or the glass case which encases them .
The only point we would have used the word time is when we applied the measurement with our clock .
Now let ’s go inside the case and place ourselves on one of the balls just as we are on our ball , we call the earth .
Time now starts popping up in all kinds of places .
Our memory system that is in relative motion with the earth and most everything on it and around it , records a fluid observational history that we review in stepped pace .
The reviewing space in our minds has spatial dimension , in fact it is three dimensional just like the real tangible universe we are observing .
While observing the real world around us our memory system marches those observations through our conceptual reviewing space and we not only “ see ” the leading edge , which we are experiencing at the moment , we “ see ” a succession of leading edge moments .
Because this history is imprinted within our reviewing space we tend to think it is imprinted in the real universe as well .
We forget that we are participants in the single continuing event , which does not contain a component called time .
Our bodies and the earth on which we reside are powered by a portion of the energy that was present at the initial state of the universe .
When and only when , that energy is completely exhausted does the event stop .
There is no component called time that ends before , with or after that cessation , simply because it does not exist .
When we turn the energy of the lottery machine off the system ceases .
Time is a continuous measurement we make from the present “ leading edge ” moment to a memory moment .
Time only exists in the reviewing space of our minds .
Time is a system of measurement we as humans do not choose to use but are rather forced to use .
It is impossible for a conscious human not to continually measure its existence .
If you were to sit in a completely dark room and block all sensory input , you are still forced to measure .
Each beat of your heart , each breath , and each passing thought does not escape the continually updating memory system in relative motion with them .
It is no wonder we have insisted for so long that there is an actual component of the universe called time .
The methods we use to measure this nonexistent component add to the confusion as well .
The conceptual models of Isaac Newton considered time as an absolute unchangeable component of the universe .
Contained within this absolute time component were all past points in time and they were just as real as the present moment .
Given this definition , a person could travel back to past points in a time component because the past points still existed .
It did n’t matter and still does n’t for most people , that devising transportation to the past points is problematic , the important thing was and is , the past points in a time component actually exist .
The “ place ” where they exist is generally referred to as the fourth dimension .
As we have discussed , the universe does not need and indeed does not contain this fourth dimension .
There is no “ place or dimension ” in the universe in which the past is contained .
It is impossible to travel to a place or dimension that does n’t exist .
Remember , the universe is a single continuing event that is always going in a “ forward ” direction .
The activity of anything , including us , within this event no matter your local directional perspective , is a part of this overall “ forward ” motion event .
Where does the past exist ?
Answer :
The human mind .
Time , the fourth dimension does not exist in the universe in any way shape or form .
It is critical that be begin to understand that the universe operates in a very certain manner with very certain components .
Furthermore , it operates in this manner whether the human mind is there to observe and record its operation or not .
The conceptual information generated by the human mind CANNOT be forced into the operational machinery of the universe .
The processing power of the human mind has increased to a point to where we can begin to be more mature .
We can begin to differentiate our interpretations ( models ) of the universal system in which we participate from the actual system itself .
We must be mature enough to know that we can “ do ” things in our conceptual models that we ca n’t do in the actual system .
Furthermore , we can make the system within our conceptual models “ do ” things it ca n’t do in reality .
When we do n’t clearly understand this fact , confusion can arise when we make our observations and measurements to “ prove ” our conceptual models .
The confusion is born from the fact that we are making the measurements and we can construct false conceptual models that can match our measurements because we make them .
Albert Einstein in his Relativity models still considered time as a component of the universe but reduced it to a subordinate component .
Let ’s briefly examine why .
As we have already discussed there is no state of rest in the universe .
Everything is in motion whether riding along as a passenger or the transporting body .
When we came along and wanted to measure everything in sight we began to construct measuring devices .
We tend to call these devices clocks and they are nothing more than motion devices .
The particular rate of their motion has no meaning and does n’t matter in any way shape or form .
What does matter is that the rate is consistent .
If the clock stops , speeds up or slows down it is a very poor measuring device .
For the most part we have calibrated our clocks and calendars to the spin and orbital period of the earth but that rate of motion has no meaning either .
In fact there is no rate of motion in the universe that has any particular meaning or preferential status .
In a universe where absolutely everything is in motion there is not any one single rate of motion that has written on it “ I am the rate of motion that is constant , never changes , or is affected by anything .
All other rates of motion must be measured against mine in order to know their value ” .
Einstein endeavored to solve this problem by stating that the speed of light in a vacuum is the special rate , it is the one with the writing on it .
Furthermore , he stated that the speed of light has one other special property , it does n’t submit to composition of velocities like everything else in the universe does .
In other words , its speed cannot be increased by increasing the speed of the body that is emitting the light .
By stating that the speed of light is the benchmark of the universe , Einstein concluded that in order for the mathematics to match actual physical observations and measurements , space and time has to be malleable .
This malleability manifests itself in a mathematical construct known as spacetime .
The conceptual model of spacetime is the curvature of space produced by the presence of matter which is the new definition of gravitation and acceleration .
In order to get the mathematics to work out he needed a modifier in both the time and the space component .
These are respectively , time dilation and length contraction .
Time is said to be affected by gravitation and acceleration so that it slows down or speeds up .
Furthermore with the mathematics of spacetime , Relativity states that time can be traveled in certain ways where there is extreme gravitational curvature .
If you have understood this paper up to this point you are now beginning to detect a problem .
If there is no time component in the universe then it certainly can’t be dilated or manipulated in any way .
What is the only thing that can be affected by anything else in the universe ?
Yes !
you are correct ; its motion .
Motion is certainly affected by what we currently understand as gravity and acceleration .
Space is also affected but we will get to the reason why a little later .
Time and the fourth dimension are definitely not affected simply because it does not exist .
There is a distinct problem regarding pinpoint accuracy when discerning motion .
Consider the speed of light ; that speed was measured by another rate of motion .
We have gradually built better clocks by matching one against the other but at the end of the day there is a measure of uncertainty involved .
For example , if the speed of light is the benchmark ; we can never fully know it with infinite precision simply because that precision is determined by another rate of motion .
The only other alternative is to measure light with light which tells us nothing .
This uncertainty is small but it can become a problem at the extremes .
At extremely high rates of motion , extremely long distances , extremely low rates of motion , and extremely short distances , there is an inherent uncertainty regarding measurements made with any construct of the human mind .
To fully understand this you must follow the evolution of clock construction from totally synthetic devises to natural rates of motion such as light .
As we match one against the other to get ever more consistent rates we finally get down to one that has beaten the thousands of others out , but its rate still has no meaning .
We then decide that the speed of light is the special rate which we have measured with our beautiful , end of the long line clock .
In reality , the speed of light is not the benchmark but rather the benchmark is our clock simply because light ’s speed value was determined by the clock .
We assign meaning and endow rates of motion with a certain mathematical value with the only tool we have available to us , the human mind .
As our clocks evolved from totally synthetic constructs to natural rates such as the cesium clock we “ carry ” a degree of uncertainty through the process .
We decrease the uncertainty through refinement but it remains simply because the current “ value ” is determined and is relative to the last .
We ca n’t destroy the uncertainty by stating at a late point in the process that a certain natural rate is perfectly consistent in all frames simply because we can’t prove that value .
It is simply a product of not knowing at the beginning of a search exactly what the benchmark is .
We have to establish a benchmark through a series of refinements and at the end of that line of refinement is simply the best we have at that point .
Everything we measure with that “ best clock ” is subject to its accuracy .
Therefore , within our conceptual models and subsequent measurements there is , by definition , a degree of uncertainty simply because WE the interpreter had to establish a value .
We can not be “ one ” with the real system ; we are limited to observing it .
The small “ distance ” that keeps us from being “ one ” with the real universe is equal to the uncertainty just described .
When we participate vicariously in the physical world through mathematics we must be continually aware that we are not in locked step with it , especially at the extremes .
We are constrained to be cautious regarding the values we assign and the subsequent interpretations that we make .
The smallest degree of uncertainty can produce divergence from the straight line of the natural universe .
Our clocks measure motion and absolutely nothing else .
If a clock were present in a completely void universe the only thing it would be is the motion of that universe .
It would not be measuring anything .
Its motion would continue until the energy which fuels it is exhausted .
Time , oh Time thou ardent deceiver ; why hath thou deceived us for so long ?
Your freedom is now taken from you .
Thou are now trapped forever in the dungeon of our minds .
Your daily bread will be definition and your drink the bitterness of uncertainty .
Torture us no more .
Where does the subtraction of a time component leave our models of Relativity ?
It deals a substantial blow conceptually but only a minor blow mathematically .
This is because the mathematics of the model equates the time component with energy in certain ways but it ’s an uneasy coupling and the translation is never fully completed .
The four vector relationship then made with three dimensional space becomes dominant .
This relationship defines the properties of space throughout the equations .
Three dimensional space is a primary component locked in a close relationship with energy / matter but the Relativity model has limited it .
Every scientist at this point in the evolution of the universe knows one thing for absolute certain :
The physical universe completely utilizes every aspect of all of its components .
There are a small finite number of base components in the universe and to get the complexity we witness at this point , nature has to max out the duties of each one to the absolute limit .
In other words , if we have a base primary component in our model that is sitting there doing very little we know for certain the model is dead in the water .
The primary component of three dimensional space in the Relativity models is very lazy and ill defined .
As one might expect ; if there is one nonexistent ( ill defined ) component in a model there is likely another .
The other nonexistent component is a product of false relationships .
Gravity is not one of the fundamental forces and in fact does not exist at all .
Its assumed existence is a product of our ignorance regarding the space component .
It is important to remember that nonexistent components and false relationships can survive the progression from one model to the next but as our observational perspective becomes more encompassing the new models become more complex in order to continue to compensate for them .
When a model becomes to inflated , confusion and stagnation is the result along with a tendency to build satellite models based on partially false premises .
This is exactly where we now stand with our Relativity and Quantum models .
My revised model of Relativity , Composite Relativity is the product of severely trimming the existing one with Occum ’s Razor and correcting false relationships .
A product of correcting false relationships is the seamless flow from the sub-atomic scale to the universe at its largest scale .
The current gulf between Quantum Theory and Relativity disappears quickly when nonexistent components and their subsequent false relationships are removed and corrected .
The revised model is due to be published mid to late 2010 and is simply a closer match to the actual universe than the current model , as the current model was to <?xml:namespace prefix = st1 ns = " urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:smarttags " /?>
Newton ’s model .
It is very important to remember that the new model could not exist without the old one before it .
The process reflects progression not replacement .
Welcome !
Welcome to the CSTART blog !
This blog will be used as CSTART ’s main outlet for news and other important information about the activities of the CSTART organization and progress on our various projects ( but do n’t forget about our Twitter feed or Facebook page as well ! ) .
Anybody can propose ideas for blog posts or even write entire candidate posts in the appropriate section of our forums .
Posts which earn the general approval of the community and meet a few basic suitability criteria will be published to the blog by an administrator .
Less than two months after our spontaneous birth on Reddit , CSTART has expanded and clarified its goals and principles , establishing a strong sense of purpose and identity , with finalised versions of our Mission Statement , Social Contract and Design Philosophy now published to the Wiki .
We are now seeking to expand both awareness of CSTART and our active membership so that we can work faster and with more competence toward our goals .
To this end , we have initiated contact with a number of other groups engaged in space exploration or research under an open source philosophy , as part of our Friends of CSTART program , and are waiting to hear back from them .
Our preparation toward incorporating so that we can obtain tax exemption status is also continuing – you can follow the discussion on this topic in our forums .
Stay tuned !
GREENVILLE , South Carolina ( Reuters ) - The United States is falling behind in the race for clean , renewable energy and risks losing its prominence in high - tech manufacturing , U.S. Energy Secretary Steven Chu said on Monday .
“ America has the opportunity to lead the world in a new industrial revolution , ” Chu told business leaders , political leaders and engineers at a Clemson University symposium .
But , he said , “ The world is passing us by .
We are falling behind in the clean energy race .
... China is spending $ 9 billion a month on clean energy ... China has now passed the United States and Europe in high - tech manufacturing .
There is no reason the United States should cede high - tech manufacturing to anyone . ”
Last week the U.S. Energy Department awarded a $ 45 million grant to Clemson ’s Restoration Institute to test the drive trains for the next generation of large - scale wind turbines .
The grant , plus $ 53 million in matching funds from public and private sources , will be used to build and operate a large - scale wind turbine drive train testing facility at a former Navy base in Charleston , South Carolina .
The facility will perform highly - accelerated testing of advanced drive train systems for wind turbines in the 5 megawatt to 15 megawatt range , the latter of which could power 6,000 homes .
“ This is going to be a very competitive business and we want to help the United States get a leadership position in wind generation technology , ” Chu said .
“ This is high - tech manufacturing .
This means quality jobs for Americans , this means better exports and balance of trade , it means better consumption at home , it further drives down the price of wind , it betters our exports , it creates jobs in America .
We see all good things . ”
Chu said the nation must decrease its dependence on foreign oil and mitigate against global warming by decreasing carbon emissions by 80 percent by 2050 .
Talks at the Copenhagen summit on climate change in December will focus on a framework for moving forward , he said .
“ Many people think once you ’ve got an agreement , the work is done .
No , the work is just beginning .
You ’ve got to deliver the goods , ” Chu said .
It ’s not in the nature of stoic Cincinnatians to boast , which is fortunate , really , for they have meager pickings to boast about .
They could , though , if they were the bragging sort , brag about a quaint old optician ’s shop that will make you a new pair of spectacles in an hour — by chance I am both shortsighted and had an hour to spare .
As the nice lady gave my new lenses a polish , I asked her if she thought the eye was such a complicated and mysterious structure that it could have been created only in one inspired , farsighted moment by God and not by the blind trial and error of natural selection .
“ That kind of makes sense , ” she smiled .
But then , Galileo invented a refracting telescope and the church locked him up for pointing out that , as he learned by observing the rest of the solar system , the earth is n’t the center of the universe .
Do you think that glasses might be the work of the Devil ?
She smiled again .
“ Would you like a hard or a soft case with that , sir ? ”
[ #image : / photos /54cbf77cfde9250a6c40628e ]
An extensive slide show of Paul Bettany ’s photos of the Creation Museum .
Perhaps the biggest thing the citizens of the “ Queen of the West ” have to tell a tall tale about is the Creation Museum .
Twenty minutes outside of town , just over the Kentucky border , it was placed here with prayerful care to be accessible and available to the greatest number of American pilgrims coming by road , presumably in surreys with fringes on top .
Build it and they will come .
November was the 150th anniversary of the publication of Charles Darwin ’s
On the Origin of Species — last February the 200th anniversary of the birth of its author — so now seems like a good time to see what the world looks like without the benefit of science .
Or spectacles .
Although both these anniversaries seemed to pass without ever troubling most Americans — there were precious few commemorations , TV specials , or pop - up books — it ’s not that you do n’t care about where you came from ; it ’s that our collective origin is a trip - wire issue , a knuckle - dragging skeleton in the closet .
If you want to get through a class , a dinner , a long - haul flight in peace , it ’s best not to go there .
This is one argument that refuses to evolve .
I took Paul Bettany , the actor who plays Charles Darwin in the new film Creation , along with me to photograph the museum .
He has played crazed and murderous apostates in films the devout ban themselves from seeing — in Legion , also out this month , Bettany stars as the archangel Michael , who defies a vengeful God hell - bent on destroying mankind .
He once played a Wimbledon champion .
Here in Nowheresville , Kentucky , tennis is considered a game for Europeans and other sexual deviants .
I ca n’t imagine what they think of English actors .
Just off a motorway , in a barren and uninspiring piece of scrub , the museum is impressively incongruous , a righteously modernist building resting in landscaped gardens filled with dinosaur topiaries .
It cost $ 27 million and was completed in 2007 .
It answers the famous question about what God could have done if he had had money .
This is it .
Oddly , it is a conspicuously and emphatically secular construction .
There is no religious symbolism .
No crosses .
No stained glass .
No spiral campanile .
It has borrowed the empirical vernacular of the enemy to wrap the literal interpretation of Genesis in the façade of a liberal art gallery or library .
It is the Lamb dressed in wolf ’s clothing .
This site may earn affiliate commissions from the links on this page .
Terms of use
Intel has unveiled Light Peak , an optical cabling technology that can transfer data between your computer and peripherals at 10 Gb/s , fast enough to transfer a full - length Blu-ray movie in less than 30 seconds .
Fiber - optic cabling is not new , but Intel executives believe Light Peak will make it cheap enough and small enough to be incorporated into consumer electronics at a price point that consumers and manufacturers will accept .
Fiber optics typically use a cigarette - box - sized optical transceiver , which contains tiny lasers and photo cells , to facilitate the connections .
Intel miniaturized the box down to the dimensions of a wafer thin dime .
Optical cables are already pretty tiny ; each one is just 125 microns wide or about the width of a single human hair .
The transceiver can deliver two channels of information over the fiber - optic cable necessary since PCs need at least two ports .
Intel states that the technology will eventually scale up to a blazing 100 Gb/s .
Inside each transceiver are two tiny lasers only 250 microns wide , or the width of two human hairs , that transmit the light over each channel .
The industry name for the lasers is VCSELs which stands for Vertical Cavity Surface Emitting Laser .
Accompanying the lasers is a matching pair of photo detectors that receive laser light from the other end of the channels .
Another advantage of the optical cabling is that , unlike electrical cable , multiple protocols can be run over a single cable .
Photons do n’t interfere with each other the way electrons do so multiple devices can share a single cable even if those devices are using different protocols .
This will allow manufacturers to make even smaller yet more efficient components when building computer and electronic devices since they can use a single Light Peak component for connected devices .
Light Peak ’s optical cabling will also allow for much longer cables since light does not degrade the same way electricity does over long distances .
Intel representatives explained that Light Peak could provide a better cabling solution to companies like 3ality .
It makes a 3D video camera that transmits data at 8 Gb/s per second and currently uses bulky electrical cables .
Light Peak stands ready to replace the existing data transfer technologies of USB and FireWire and there is even speculation that Apple may skip over USB 3.0 and go straight to Light Peak .
There are reports on the web that Light Peak is an outgrowth of Apple ’s desire to replace the multiple ports on their systems for a single port that could service all connected devices and that Apple ’s Steve Jobs might haves reached out to Intel ’s Paul Otellini for a fiber - optic solution .
Light Peak - based products could arrive as early as 2010 .
As the recession continues to inflict economic pain on most Americans , the political battle to frame the debate rages on .
In a House floor speech on Jan. 21 , 2010 , Rep. Carolyn Maloney , D - N.Y. , held up a chart showing job creation statistics under two former presidents , Bill Clinton and George W. Bush .
" This chart goes back to 1992 , the year that President [ Bill ] Clinton was elected , " Maloney said .
" It shows that during his time there was very robust job creation in the private sector , and then during the Bush years it fell dramatically .
This dark line is the job creation , going up during the Clinton years , falling dramatically under the [ George W. ]
Bush administration .
It also shows that Democrats have been considerably more effective at creating private - sector jobs . "
We wondered whether that pattern held true for other presidents as well , or whether Maloney had simply chosen two presidencies that conveniently showed her party in the most favorable light .
So we ran the numbers and got some interesting results .
We did this by turning to the Bureau of Labor Statistics Web site , where visitors can customize data tables on national employment statistics .
We used the month - by - month totals for nonfarm employment in the United States .
( We actually ran the numbers twice -- once using Maloney 's cited statistic , private - sector employment , and a second time using the combination of private - sector and government employment .
It turned out that the general trends were virtually identical , so we 'll be sticking with the statistics on just private - sector employment below . )
The BLS data go back to 1939 , but since that fell in the middle of Franklin D. Roosevelt 's presidency , we skipped forward to Harry Truman and compared him and all of his post - World War II successors .
We also did some minor massaging of the numbers in order to make the statistics more comparable .
First , we calculated how much the number of jobs rose or fell on each president 's watch .
Then we divided that result by the number of jobs there were when the president began his first term , in order to get a percentage increase in jobs over that president 's tenure .
This enabled us to minimize the effect of population growth , which would otherwise credit later presidents with larger employment increases than earlier ones .
Next , we divided this job growth percentage by the number of years the president occupied the Oval Office , creating a statistic that calculates percentage job growth per year as president .
This allowed us to more fairly compare the job growth rates under , say , Gerald Ford with those of two - termers such as Ronald Reagan and Clinton .
Finally , we lumped the Democratic presidents ' annual job - growth percentages together and averaged them , and did the same for the Republicans .
Because President Barack Obama has served just one year in office -- a length of time that some would consider statistically problematic -- we ran the Democratic numbers both with and without Obama , so that readers could choose their preferred statistic .
Before we provide the final totals , let 's run down how each president did .
Here are the average annual percentage increases in jobs for each postwar president :
Harry S. Truman ( Democrat ) : increase of 2.95 percent a year
Dwight D. Eisenhower ( Republican ) : increase of 0.50 percent a year
John F. Kennedy ( Democrat ) : increase of 2.03 percent a year
Lyndon B. Johnson ( Democrat ) : increase of 3.88 percent a year
Richard M. Nixon ( Republican ) : increase of 2.16 percent a year
Gerald R. Ford ( Republican ) : increase of 0.86 percent a year
Jimmy Carter ( Democrat ) : increase of 3.45 percent a year
Ronald Reagan ( Republican ) : increase of 2.46 percent a year
George H.W. Bush ( Republican ) : increase of 0.40 percent a year
Bill Clinton ( Democrat ) : increase of 2.86 percent a year
George W. Bush ( Republican ) : increase of 0.01 percent a year
Barack Obama ( Democrat ) : decrease of 3.0 percent a year
( Can we take time out here to say how surprised we are that Eisenhower , who presided over the " happy " 1950s , managed an anemic half - percent job growth per year , while Jimmy " Malaise " Carter finished second with 3.45 percent annual job growth ? )
Now for the totals .
If you exclude Obama , Democrats averaged 3.03 percent annual job growth , compared to 1.07 percent for Republicans -- a nearly 3 - to - 1 advantage .
If you include Obama , the Democrats still held a significant edge .
With Obama included , the Democrats averaged 2.03 annual job growth , compared to the same 1.07 for Republicans -- about twice as high as the GOP .
And based on some quick calculations he did , Brookings Institution economist Gary Burtless said that the U.S. working - age population actually grew slightly faster under Republican presidents , making the Democratic accomplishment even more impressive .
So the statistics are clear : Democratic presidents have been more successful at creating jobs .
But how much importance should we assign to this fact ?
We hereby list some caveats that we and several historians we contacted came up with .
--
The president actually deserves less credit for the good times -- and less blame for the bad times .
It 's a truism of politics that when things go well , the president generally gets too much credit , and when things do n't go well , the president usually gets too much blame .
Should n't the Republican Congress of 1995 - 2001 get a share of the credit for Clinton 's robust job growth ?
Should n't the Democratic House that served under Reagan ?
Most experts would say yes and yes .
-- Timing can be hugely important .
" Statistics about employment growth over presidential terms are dominated by the timing of the business cycle , including Federal Reserve policy , and have no apparent connection to economic policies attributed to the White House , as opposed to Congress , " said Alan Reynolds , a senior fellow at the libertarian Cato Institute .
One example : Clinton had the good fortune to enter office when the economy had just undergone a recession .
This relatively low starting point made it easier for him to rack up big gains over eight years .
The converse is true for George W. Bush :
He took office right as the tech bubble was bursting , meaning that any jobs he added to the nation 's total amounted to digging the country out of a jobs hole .
-- Outside factors can play a big role .
Truman 's private - sector employment numbers likely benefited from the post - World War II demobilization of troops .
( Private sector jobs grew at 2.95 percent per year during his presidency , compared to 2.7 percent a year for all jobs . )
Meanwhile , Lyndon Johnson took office right as the first wave of baby boomers was turning 18 , a fact that almost certainly boosted his job - creation figures .
And research by James D. Hamilton , an economist at the University of California at San Diego has shown that oil price shocks -- something entirely out of a president 's control -- have caused most postwar recessions .
As Yale political scientist David Mayhew points out , conclusions drawn from a relatively narrow data set -- in this case , just 12 postwar presidencies -- need to be taken with a grain of salt .
Still , most experts we spoke to agreed that the pattern is too consistent to dismiss out of hand .
And it's not the only one that reflects a strong correlation between an economic factor and the president 's partisan affiliation .
In his 2008 book Unequal Democracy , Princeton University political scientist Larry Bartels showed that changes in income inequality are strongly correlated with the president 's party .
Under every postwar Republican president , Bartels concluded , the gap between rich and poor has grown , and under every Democratic president except for Carter , that gap has shrunk .
( For those on the lookout for ideological bias , Bartels made a point of writing in his introduction that he is " an unusually apolitical political scientist " who last voted in 1984 , for Reagan .
" I was quite surprised to discover how often and how profoundly partisan differences in ideologies and values have shaped key policy decisions and economic outcomes , " he wrote .
" I have done my best to follow my evidence where it led me . " )
Ultimately , the experts we contacted said that , despite the caveats , Maloney 's calculations , and our expansion of them , were justified .
" This is a reasonable exercise in the scheme of things , " said liberal economist Dean Baker .
" Obviously , luck matters a lot , but when there is a consistent pattern over more than 60 years , it starts to look like more than just luck . "
Kevin Hassett , an economist with the conservative American Enterprise Institute and a former economic adviser to the Republican presidential campaigns of George W. Bush and John McCain , argued that the best way to evaluate presidents is to look at their policies .
Still , he added , calculations like Maloney 's " are worth doing .
They can be thought - provoking and can ignite debates that help inform . "
So the significance of this pattern is open to question , but on the facts , the evidence is clear :
We rate Maloney 's statement True , not just for the two presidents she cited , but for the postwar presidency as a whole .
This is a straw - man proposal to add ﬁrst - class functions , function types , and lambda expressions ( informally , “ closures ” ) to Java .
This sketch is incomplete and , most likely , inconsistent and unimplementable in its present form .
That ’s acceptable :
It ’s intended to be a starting point for discussions on the Project Lambda mailing list which will , hopefully , lead to the formulation of a detailed proposal and a prototype implementation .
This document is written in a tutorial style so as to be easily approachable by non-experts , and also to stress its informal nature .
This proposal builds upon the past work of Gilad Bracha , Neal Gafter , James Gosling , and Peter von der Ahé on BGGA ; of Bob Lee , Doug Lea , and Josh Bloch on CICE ; and of Stephen Colebourne and Stefan Shulz on FCM .
There is little here that is new beyond the synthesis of selected elements of those , and related , proposals .
Detailed commentary , which may be skipped on ﬁrst reading , is enclosed in gray boxes such as this one .
1. Lambda expressions
To start , we need a way to write anonymous functions .
Here ’s a trivial function , which takes no arguments and always returns 42 :
# ( ) ( 42 )
The ‘ # ’ character introduces the lambda expression , i.e. , a function literal .
The ﬁrst pair of parentheses is empty , meaning that the function takes no arguments .
The second pair encloses an expression , which is evaluated when the function is invoked .
The concrete syntax shown here is strictly provisional .
There will no doubt be a long and bitter debate as to the actual syntax .
This syntax is similar — though not identical — to that of the FCM proposal .
As we ’ll see later there are many other differences , both syntactic and semantic .
This function takes an integer value and returns its double :
#( int x ) ( x + x )
Here we declare the type and name of the single parameter in the initial pair of parentheses .
Functions of more than one parameter are written in the obvious manner .
This function takes two integer values and returns the result of multiplying them :
#( int x , int y ) ( x * y )
Sometimes we need to write functions which do something more complex than evaluate a single expression , so the body of a lambda expression can alternatively be a block :
#( int x , int y ) { int z = expensiveComputation ( x , y ) ; if ( z < 0 ) return x ; if ( z > 0 ) return y ; return 0 ; }
If a lambda expression ’s body does not return a value then the function is void .
These are local returns :
They return control from the function rather than from the scope in which it is deﬁned .
There is no non-local transfer of control in this proposal , in contrast to BGGA .
Within a function body the keywords break and continue have no meaning unless they occur within a do , for , switch , or while statement in that body .
2. Function types
Every expression in Java must have a type , so we introduce function types , with a syntax similar to that of function literals .
This allows us to , among other things , bind functions to variables :
#int ( ) forty Two = # ( ) ( 42 ) ; # int ( int ) doubler = # ( int x ) ( x + x ) ; # int ( int , int ) multiplier = # ( int x , int y ) ( x * y ) ;
Functions bound to variables can be invoked :
assert forty Two( ) == 42 ; assert doubler ( forty Two ( ) ) == 84 ; assert multiplier ( 3 , forty Two ( ) ) == 126 ;
Method and variable names have distinct namespaces in Java , so as it stands the expression forty Two ( ) refers to a method named forty Two rather than a variable of that name whose value is a function object .
If we cannot devise a reasonable way to allow a variable name to occur in method - invocation position then some additional syntax will be necessary .
One possibility would be to enclose the variable name in parentheses to make it clear that it ’s a function expression , i.e. , ( fortyTwo ) ( ) .
Functions can also be passed as arguments to methods .
This method applies the given function to each element of the given array , returning a new array :
public int [ ] map ( int [ ] a , # int ( int ) fn ) { int [ ] b = new int [ a.length ] ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < a.length ; i++ ) b[ i ] = fn( a [ i ] ) ; return b; }
This draft takes no position as to whether function types should be treated as sugar for existing kinds of types or as a brand - new kind of type .
3. Function conversion
Many existing Java libraries deﬁne interfaces which declare just one method or abstract classes which declare just one abstract method ( so - called “ SAM ” types ) .
A function of appropriate type is converted to an anonymous instance of such an interface or abstract class as needed so that , for example ,
Thread th = new Thread ( new Runnable ( ) { public void run ( ) { doSomeStuff ( ) ; doMoreStuff ( ) ; } } ) ;
can be more compactly written as
Thread th = new Thread ( # ( ) { doSomeStuff ( ) ; doMoreStuff ( ) ; } )
For another example , the comparator deﬁned here :
List < String > data = ... ; Collections.sort ( data , new Comparator < String >( ) { public int compare ( String a , String b ) { return a.length ( ) - b.length ( ) ; } } ) ;
can be rewritten to the equivalent
Collections.sort(data , #( String a , String b)( a.length ( ) - b.length ( ) ) ) ;
4. Variable capture
Consider this function - returning method :
public # int ( int ) adder ( int x ) { return # ( int y ) ( x + y ) ; }
Invoking adder ( 42 ) returns a function that will add 42 to its argument :
#int ( int ) a 42 = adder ( 42 ) ; assert a 42 ( 0 ) == 42 ;
This works because when a lambda expression is evaluated at runtime the deﬁnitions of any free effectively - ﬁnal or shared variables in its body ( in this case x ) are copied from the enclosing lexical scope into the resulting function object , or closure .
This way the body can be evaluated later , potentially long after that lexical scope ( in this case that of the body of the adder method ) has ceased to exist .
One may argue endlessly as to whether the evaluation of a lambda expression must capture every free variable and every implicit unnamed element of its enclosing lexical scope in order for it to be called a closure , or whether the degenerate case of capturing no variables is still a closure .
I have no intention of doing so here .
An effectively - ﬁnal variable is one that is either declared final or is deﬁnitely assigned - to exactly once somewhere in the enclosing scope , prior to the evaluation of the lambda expression and in a manner that is veriﬁable by the compiler in the usual way .
It is a compile - time error to modify the value of such a variable within the body of a lambda expression .
In some cases it is useful to be able to share local state between the body of a lambda expression and its enclosing scope .
A shared variable is a non-ﬁnal variable declared with the new restricted keyword shared .
A shared variable can be modiﬁed within the body of a lambda expression , although it must be deﬁnitely assigned - to before the lambda expression is evaluated .
For example ,
shared int count = 0 ; Collections.sort ( data , #( String a , String b ) { count ++ ; return a.length ( ) - b.length( ) } ) ; System.out.println( count ) ;
will print the number of comparison operations used to sort the given list .
We use a restricted keyword here so as not to break existing source code that uses shared as an identiﬁer .
It may be worth allowing shared variables also to be declared volatile .
5 . Instance capture
Within a lambda expression occurring within an instance method the keyword this refers to the object upon which the method is invoked .
Other members declared within the enclosing class are available in the usual way .
For example , given the class
class CountingSorter { int count = 0 ; void sort ( List < String > data ) { Collections.sort ( data , #( String a , String b ) { count ++ ; return a.length ( ) - b.length( ) ; } ) ; } }
then the code
CountingSorter cs = new CountingSorter ( ) ; cs.sort( data ) ; cs.sort( moreData ) ; cs.sort(yetMoreData ) ; System.out.println(cs.count ) ;
will print the number of comparison operations used to sort all three lists .
It is a compile - time error to reference this or any non-static member within a lambda expression occurring in a static context .
The remaining sections of this proposal describe features which are not critical to the primary use case of supporting the convenient expression of computations upon parallel collections in terms of bulk - data operations .
These features are intended to improve the ﬁt between the existing language and libraries and the features described above .
As such they deserve investigation as time allows .
6. Exception transparency
( To be written )
Most likely as in BGGA .
7. Method references
( To be written )
Yes , these would be handy .
Most likely along the lines of BGGA rather than FCM .
8. Extension methods
The primary motivation for this proposal is to make it easy to write programs using the parallel array API in terms of the fundamental bulk - data operations of ﬁlter , map , and reduce .
It would be awkward , to say the least , if we were not also able to use lambda expressions to express computations upon ordinary sequential collections in a similar fashion .
To compute the sum of the integers in a given Set < Integer > , e.g. , we ’d like to be able to write something like :
Set < Integer > s = ... ; int sum = s.reduce ( #( int x , int b ) ( x + b ) , 0 ) ;
To achieve this we introduce extension methods , which allow the author of an existing interface to , in effect , add methods to that interface while preserving compatibility .
To add filter , map , and reduce methods to the Set interface , e.g. , we ﬁrst deﬁne corresponding static methods in the Collections class :
class Collections { ... static < T> Set < T> filter ( Set < T> s , # boolean ( T ) pred ) { ... } static < S , T> Set < S> map( Set < T> s , # S ( T ) func ) { ... } static < T> T reduce ( Set < T> s , # T ( T , T ) op , T base ) { ... } }
We then use an enhanced form of the existing static import feature to make these methods available to users of the Set interface :
interface Set < T> extends Collection < T> { ... Set < T> filter ( #boolean ( T ) ) import static Collections .
filter ; < S> map ( #S( T ) ) import static Collections.map ; T reduce ( #T( T , T ) , T ) import static Collections .
reduce ; }
An invocation of an extension method is translated by the compiler into an ordinary invocation of the corresponding static method , passing the instance upon which it is invoked as the ﬁrst argument .
For example ,
int sum = s.reduce ( #( int x , int b ) ( x + b ) , 0 ) ;
becomes
int sum = Collections .
reduce(s , #( int x , int b ) ( x + b ) , 0 ) ;
and the more complex
int ans = s.filter ( #( int x ) ( x != 0 ) ) .map ( #( int x ) ( x + 3 ) ) .reduce ( #( int x , int b ) ( x + b ) ) ;
is translated into
int ans = Collections.reduce ( Collections.map( Collections.filter(s , #( int x ) ( x != 0 ) ) , #( int x ) ( x + 3 ) ) , #( int x , int b ) ( x + b ) , 0 ) ;
It is a compile - time error for conﬂicting extension - method declarations to occur within a class or interface , whether directly or via inheritance .
An extension method in an interface is hidden in a class implementing that interface if the class deﬁnes a static or instance method with the same signature .
FORT CAMPBELL , Kentucky —
The highest - ranking military officer in the United States on Monday told soldiers , including many bound for Afghanistan , that he expects casualties to rise next year as additional U.S. troops pour into the war .
Adm . Mike Mullen , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , answered soldiers ’ questions for about an hour at this sprawling Army post on the Kentucky - Tennessee line .
Many at Fort Campbell already had orders for Afghanistan before President Barack Obama unveiled his plan last week to add about 30,000 new troops to about 70,000 already there .
“ I am sure we will sustain an increase in the level of casualties , and I do n’t want to be in any way unclear about that , ” he told about 700 troops .
“ This is what happened in Iraq during the surge and as tragic as it is , to turn this thing around , it will be a part of this surge as well . ”
“ I expect a tough fight in 2010 , ” Mullen said .
Mullen was due to talk later in the day at Camp Lejeune , North Carolina , the Marine Corps base that will supply about 1,500 Marines for the first surge units by Christmas .
After the first of the year , the Marines will begin sending an additional 6,200 from Lejeune and Camp Pendleton in California , the Pentagon announced Monday .
The Army will also begin sending in the first of its forces in the spring — a training brigade with about 3,400 soldiers from Fort Drum , New York .
About 4,100 support forces from various places will also deploy early .
Many questions from soldiers focused on the role of Pakistan and America ’s NATO allies in containing al Qaeda and the Taliban .
Mullen said the border between Afghanistan and Pakistan is “ the epicenter for global terrorism . ”
He said Pakistan ’s military has made huge gains in routing out terrorists from that country , but reminded soldiers that Pakistan is a sovereign nation and that the U.S. wants to maintain a long - term stable relationship with Pakistan .
“ In the long run , we are anxious to get at al Qaeda and the leadership that resides in that border area , ” he said .
“ Strategically the way you do this in my view is to bring pressure from both sides . ”
Mullen , the president ’s senior military adviser , said Obama ’s announcement last week of a scheduled transition to a greater role for Afghan forces starting in July 2011 was n’t a deadline for pulling out troops .
“ President Obama has not said we are leaving , ” he told the troops .
“ There ’s no deadline , there ’s no amount of troops that will come out in July 2011 and there ’s no withdrawal date . ”
Three brigades of the 101st Airborne Division were already planning to go on a scheduled rotation to Afghanistan next year , but other brigades were still waiting to hear if they would be part of the troop buildup .
Mullen ’s visit to the post seemed to confirm the rumors to many soldiers who listened to the speech .
Mullen said the quick deployment of troops is needed to reduce recruiting among insurgent and radical groups .
“ We are not winning , which means we are losing and as we are losing , the message traffic out there to recruits keeps getting better and better and more keep coming .
That ’s why we need the 30,000 and in particular , and you are the lead on this , getting in there this year , over the next 12 months , almost in lightning bolt fashion . ”
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
They promised us a device in 2010 and sure enough , Light Blue Optics just announced Light Touch .
As the name implies , LBO 's product is a laser projector that turns any flat surface into an auto - focused and image - adjusted 10 - inch touchscreen with WVGA resolution thanks to its laser - ( not LED ) based pico projection engine dubbed HLP ( holographic laser projection ) and infrared touch - sensing system .
Light Touch runs Adobe Flash Lite 3.1 and includes WiFi and Bluetooth radios , 2GB of on - board storage ( with microSD slot for up to 32 GB more ) , and a battery capable of about 2 - hours worth of runtime .
We 'll be getting up close and personal with the mini projector here at CES so until then , feast your eyes on the simulated demo and usage scenarios after the break .
Scrum team members are used to seeing two new roles on their projects — the ScrumMaster and the product owner .
But changes to a Scrum project ’s team members go beyond the introduction of two new roles .
For example , the self - organizing nature of a Scrum team eliminates the role of the technical team leader , individuals are asked to look beyond their specialty and help the team in any way possible , emphasis is shifted from writing about requirements to talking about them , and teams are required to produce something tangible by the end of each sprint .
Because these changes alter the roles and relationships within the team and organization , they often contribute to some of the challenges organizations face when adopting Scrum .
This article will describe the primary adjustments individuals must make as they transition from traditional roles to Scrum .
The focus will be on how these roles change , rather than on a thorough description of each role .
I won’t , for example , describe everything a tester does as part of testing an application .
I will instead focus on changes in how a tester works on a Scrum project .
I will discuss the roles of analyst , project manager , architect , functional manager , programmer , database administrator , tester , and user experience designer .
While reading about these roles , keep in mind that any team member who is involved in developing a product or software system is first and foremost a developer .
When I use a term like tester , I mean a developer with specific skills or an interest in testing .
Similarly , analyst is used to refer to a developer who prefers to work on analysis tasks but who will work on any high - priority task needed by the team .
Analysts
With an intimate knowledge of the product and strong communication skills , some analysts will tend to shift into product owner roles .
This is especially common on large projects that make use of a hierarchy of product owners .
Someone with product manager on her business card , for example , may act as the chief product owner for the overall product , spending most of her time looking outward at users and the market .
An individual with analyst on her business card , on the other hand , may act as product owner for the various teams , working with the chief product owner to translate her vision into product backlogs for her teams .
Many teams find that having an analyst on the team continues to be very beneficial , although the ways in which the analyst works will change .
On traditionally managed projects , the analyst ’s mission seemed to be to get as far ahead of the team as possible .
On a Scrum project , just - in - time analysis becomes the goal .
The analyst ’s new aim is to stay as slightly ahead of the team as possible while still being able to provide useful information to the team about current and near - term features .
Analysts can be instrumental in achieving the goal of shifting the emphasis from writing about requirements to talking about them .
Because analysts are not working as far ahead of the team as they may be used to , they need to become more comfortable sharing information with the team more informally , rather than through a large document .
As much information as possible should be shared through verbal discussion , but analysts will still need to document some requirements especially when working on a distributed team .
Often though , what the analyst writes will be less formal — more often a wiki than a document with a signature page .
On traditional projects , analysts often become intermediaries through whom other team members and the product owner communicate .
On a Scrum project the analyst should become more a facilitator of team–product owner discussion than an intermediary .
Team members and product owners need to talk .
Rather than be the conduit for all conversation , the good agile analyst focuses on making sure those conversations are as productive as possible given the time constraints the team or product owner may be under .
This may mean that the analyst steers the product owner and team toward talking about one user story rather than another because that is where there is more risk of going astray .
Or it may mean that the analyst conveys a top - level understanding of a new feature to the team before bringing the team and product owner together to discuss the details .
On a traditional project , an analyst may say to the team , “ I ’ve talked to our key stakeholder , understand what he wants , and have written this document describing it in detail . ”
By contrast , on a Scrum project , the same analyst should say , “ I ’ve spoken to our product owner and have a feeling for what he ’s after .
I wrote these six user stories to give you a start , and I ’ve got a bunch of additional questions to ask the product owner .
But I want to make sure that I bring along a couple of you when we have those discussions . ”
With all this talk of analysts looking ahead , it can be tempting to think that analysts work a sprint ahead of the team .
They do n’t .
Gregory Topp , an analyst with Farm Credit Services of America , describes how using Scrum has allowed him to concentrate on the current sprint : “ Before Scrum , I had to focus on requirements that were not going to be developed for several weeks , if not months .
Now , I focus on the current sprint ( two weeks for us ) , so more time can be spent on user story details , development , and testing . ”
An analyst ’s first priority is to achieve the goals of the current sprint .
An analyst on a Scrum team will assist in testing , will answer questions ( or track down answers to questions ) about features being developed , will participate fully in all regular sprint meetings , and so on .
However , it is quite possible that these activities will not fully consume the analyst ’s time .
Time that is not needed to complete the work of the current sprint can be used to look ahead .
However , being a part of the team on this sprint and spending some time looking ahead is not the same as working a sprint ahead of the team .
Topp explains how jumping too far ahead actually put him behind : “ I tried working ahead a sprint or two , defining user story details .
I found that this caused the current sprint to suffer .
I also found that many times the details of a user story changed by the time the team actually started working on the story . ”
A common question is whether the effort analysts spend looking ahead should be included on the sprint backlog .
My recommendation is to include on the sprint backlog any specific analysis tasks that can be identified during sprint planning .
For example , suppose the team is working on an application that approves or rejects loan applications .
If the product owner and team agree that the next sprint will include work on calculating the applicant ’s credit score , then preliminary analysis tasks related to that should be identified , estimated , and included in the sprint backlog .
On the other hand , if the next sprint ’s work is unknown , no specific tasks related to the next sprint should be included on the sprint backlog .
Overall , many analysts enjoy the change to Scrum even though they relinquish the role of sole interpreter of customer desires .
Two years after adopting Scrum , Topp commented on how his relationship with others on the team had changed .
Because we are all on the same team and all work on the same user stories at the same time , the team seems to have more unity .
Before using Scrum , it seemed each function ( analyst , programmer , tester , DBA ) was done in a silo .
There was more fingerpointing when in that mode .
Now using Scrum , the team is all focused on a small set of stories .
The finger - pointing has been eliminated with an “ as a team ” mindset .
Project Managers
On a project using a sequential development process , the project manager has the difficult job of ensuring that the product a customer wants is the one that is developed .
To do this , the project manager must try to manage everything about the project , including scope , cost , quality , personnel , communication , risk , procurement , and more .
Some of these responsibilities really belong to others .
Scope control , for example , rightfully belongs with the customer .
No one else is in the position to make the necessary trade - off decisions that will arise during product development , as priorities , team velocity , and market conditions shift .
Prioritization is not a static , one - time , all - at - the - start activity that can be managed by a project manager .
Yet time and again , sequential projects demand that project managers make educated guesses to deliver the right product .
On Scrum projects we acknowledge the untenable role of the project manager and eliminate it .
Eliminating the role , though , does not mean we can do away with the work and responsibilities .
As you might guess , since self - organizing teams are a core tenet of Scrum , a great deal of the responsibility previously shouldered by the project manager is transferred to the Scrum team .
For example , without a project manager to assign tasks to individuals , team members assume the responsibility of selecting tasks themselves .
Other responsibilities shift to the ScrumMaster or product owner .
Former project managers often assume one of the roles that have taken on some part of their past responsibilities — the project manager becomes either a ScrumMaster , product owner , or team member , depending on experience , skills , knowledge , and interests .
Some people became project managers because they considered it the next step in a desirable career path , yet they do n’t enjoy project management .
These individuals miss the technical challenge of working as a programmer , tester , database engineer , designer , analyst , architect , or so on .
Many of these individuals will take advantage of the elimination of the project manager role to return to work they found more satisfying .
Other project managers have used their roles to become knowledgeable about the business and its customer .
A project manager in this situation will leverage that knowledge into a role as a product owner .
This can be an excellent fit , especially for the project manager who is having a hard time completely relinquishing the ability to tell the team what to do .
As part of their role , product owners are allowed to tell the team a bit of the “ what to do ” as long as they stay largely away from telling them how to do it .
This can satisfy a former project manager whose nature makes it hard to stop occasionally directing the team .
If a project manager can overcome the old habits of directing the team and making decisions for it , it is likely such a project manager can become a good ScrumMaster .
This is the most common new role for project managers in organizations adopting Scrum .
The new role will likely be difficult at first for the former project manager as she learns to bite her tongue and let the team learn how to work through their own issues and make decisions .
Often , new ScrumMasters are put in the challenging position of coaching teams at something that they are not yet good at themselves — being agile .
The best strategies for a ScrumMaster in this situation include the following :
Stick as close as possible to doing Scrum by the book .
Initially follow the advice of this or another Scrum book closely .
Or engage an on - site trainer or coach and follow her advice to the letter .
Only begin customizing the process after you have real , hands - on experience with it .
Initially follow the advice of this or another Scrum book closely .
Or engage an on - site trainer or coach and follow her advice to the letter .
Only begin customizing the process after you have real , hands - on experience with it .
Talk to other ScrumMasters as much as possible .
If there are multiple ScrumMasters in your organization , form a community of practice with the other ScrumMasters and share good and bad experiences .
Look to learn by extracting lessons from commonalities among these experiences .
If you are the only one in your organization , find outside ScrumMasters with whom you can share stories and compare approaches .
If there are multiple ScrumMasters in your organization , form a community of practice with the other ScrumMasters and share good and bad experiences .
Look to learn by extracting lessons from commonalities among these experiences .
If you are the only one in your organization , find outside ScrumMasters with whom you can share stories and compare approaches .
learn as much as you can as quickly as you can .
Read books , articles , blogs , and websites .
Look into local agile interest groups and attend their meetings .
Try to attend one or more of the major agile or Scrum conferences .
Doris Ford , a software engineering manager with Motorola , was a classically trained project manager and a Project Management Professional ( PMP ) .
However , despite having a traditional background in project management , Doris ’s approach has always been about supporting and enabling her teams .
Because of that , she was able to easily move from project manager to ScrumMaster .
She writes of how her job has changed with Scrum .
Over the years in managing agile development I have learned not to sweat the task details .
As a traditional project manager , I always needed to stay on top of who was doing which tasks , what were their dependencies , and would they be done on time .
I spent countless number of hours just asking these questions to get the answers in attempt to meet the cope / schedule / budget / quality constraints and reporting upwards on the progress ( sometimes using earned value ) .
In an agile environment I had to learn to trust the team members that they would identify and do the tasks necessary to complete the scope for each sprint .
It was hard letting go at first , but I quickly learned that the team could do this .
I now spend the majority of my time supporting the team members by addressing impediments that they raise and keeping external noise from diverting their focus .
Why the Title Change ?
If it ’s possible for a project manager to become a team ’s ScrumMaster or product owner , why do we need to change the person ’s title ?
Let ’s consider the term ScrumMaster .
Years ago , when I first started running Scrum projects , the term ScrumMaster did n’t exist , and it never dawned on me to call the role anything but project manager .
This worked well enough .
But , I was hiring new individuals into these roles ; I was clear with these new hires about my expectations for how they ’d interact with the team .
I avoided domineering , command - and - control - style individuals .
Also , these new project managers reported to me , which allowed me a lot of influence over how they interacted with their teams .
Calling them project managers worked fine .
As our company continued to succeed and grow , we began to acquire other companies .
In those companies I would inherit project managers who sometimes did have very traditional mindsets about the role of the project manager .
I was confronted with helping them shift that mindset to one more compatible with agile development .
I found this much harder than just hiring project managers with a collaborative approach suitable to self - organizing teams .
Years later in a discussion with Ken Schwaber , he helped me understand why transitioning existing project managers had been more difficult than I had anticipated .
Schwaber informed me that by allowing the project managers to retain their titles , I was allowing them to think that the changes were less allencompassing than they were .
He invented the word ScrumMaster in 1997 in part because it would remind everyone that this was not just the project manager role with a few additional responsibilities removed or added .
Schwaber told me that “ the vocabulary of Scrum is a vocabulary of change .
The words are often intentionally ugly — burndown , backlog , ScrumMaster — because they remind us that change is occurring . ”
Although I recommend it , you do not necessarily need to banish the title project manager .
If you or your organization is enamored of it , continue to use it .
But be mindful of Ken Schwaber ’s advice and my experience that using the old words will slow or prevent the adoption of the new approach .
Retaining an old title discourages thinking in the new way .
Further , if people are unwilling to relinquish something as insignificant as a job title , they will probably also be unwilling to make the far harder changes necessary to adopt Scrum .
Architects
Many architects have worked for years to deserve the august title architect .
They are rightfully proud of their knowledge , experience , and ability to propose elegant solutions to technical and business challenges .
I find that many of the concerns raised by architects faced with adopting Scrum can be put into these two categories :
Will people still implement the architectures I tell them to ?
How can I ensure we build an architecturally sound product without an up - front architecture phase ?
The answer to the first of these concerns depends entirely on the architect in question .
Many architects may find that very little about their job changes .
Solutions recommended by these architects are implemented because other developers respect them and know their advice is likely to be good .
For example , if one of my coworkers has a reputation for having made sound architectural decisions in the past , and I observe her making good architectural decisions on this project , I will be inclined to go to her with architectural questions .
I ’ll do that even if we ’re a self - organizing team and no one is forcing me to get a second opinion on my decisions .
The second concern is largely unfounded .
The architectural needs of a product are used in conjunction with business objectives to drive the prioritization of the product backlog .
This allows an architect the ability to focus attention and effort on architectural uncertainties within the application .
On an architecturally complicated or risky product , the architect will need to work closely with the product owner to educate the product owner about the architectural implications of items on the product backlog .
All product owners are aware that they need to listen to the marketplace , users , or customers for input into product decisions .
Good product owners also know to solicit the opinion of the technical team about the priorities .
Although the ultimate decision is the product owner ’s , good product owners consider all viewpoints when prioritizing work .
Andrew Johnston of AgileArchitect.org has written , “ In an agile development the architect has the main responsibility to consider change and complexity while the other developers focus on the next delivery . ”
Judicious sequencing of work into sprints can help a team gain key knowledge sooner , avoid or discover risks with sufficient time to react , and minimize the total cost of development .
The Non-Coding Architect
Non-coding architects are likely to see the biggest shift in what they do .
These are the ones that Scott Ambler calls “ ivory tower architects . ”
The mere presence of a non-coding architect is a well - known harbinger of trouble ; Scrum projects are well rid of them .
Some non-coding architects will look on Scrum as a chance to again do some of the programming they hopefully enjoyed earlier in their careers .
These architects will be welcome contributors to Scrum teams .
They will be respected for the depth of their knowledge and experience and their ability to roll up their sleeves and get into the code .
Beware of the architect who resists a revised role that requires hands - on contributions to projects .
In many cases these non-coding architects took their careers in that direction as a way to get out of hands - on programming .
One such architect , Tom , confounded me when I first met him .
He talked a good game and sounded knowledgeable about all the right technologies .
However , he was the first developer I had ever met who enjoyed meetings .
He was always looking to schedule more meetings .
As I got to know Tom better , I realized that his technical knowledge was very superficial — he was n’t as good as I had thought .
I soon realized why he liked the team to spend so much time in meetings : in an unnecessary meeting all attendees are equally productive and valuable .
It ’s when team members return to their desks and start doing real work that the often dramatic differences between developers start to show up .
Tom ’s preference for unnecessary meetings was a self - preservation technique — the more time the team spent in meetings , the longer it would take everyone to realize that Tom was n’t very good .
To be a valued contributor , someone with a business card reading architect does not need to code full - time .
In fact , it ’s quite possible for a sprint or two to pass without an architect writing any production code .
The distinction I want to draw is between architects who can still code and those whose coding skills are behind them .
Software architect Johannes Brodwall says that “ the biggest changes to my role as an architect have been that , formally , the architect no longer has the power to dictate technical solutions .
Instead , an architect has to be an advisor and a facilitator .
As an advisor , I better still be able to do the job I ’m giving advice about . ”
Functional Managers
Functional managers , such as development managers , QA directors , and so on , who are used to working in a matrixed manner will continue to work that way on Scrum projects .
A typical functional manager will likely experience some diminution in power after the transition , but this will depend greatly on how the role was defined in the organization prior to transitioning .
Functional managers usually retain the job of assigning individuals to projects .
They will be expected to continue to make these decisions based on the competing needs of all projects , project locations , developmental needs and career aspirations of individuals , and so on .
In some organizations , functional managers are accustomed to going beyond assigning individuals to projects and have been involved in the assignment of tasks to individuals within their groups .
They will no longer do this after transitioning to Scrum .
Individual selection of work is a fundamental aspect of how the members of a team self - organize and must be left to the team .
The leadership Role of the Functional Manager
Functional managers have always been leaders .
Broad leadership trends over the years have affected individual style .
While I was growing up , for example , my father managed Sears stores .
This was back in the era when Sears was the world ’s largest retailer .
My father ’s management style was very much top - down .
He would establish goals , quotas , and other measurements ; communicate them to store employees ; and then measure each employee against those targets .
This was also an era when prevailing wisdom was that a good manager could manage anything .
My father should presumably have been able to take his experience managing a retail store and manage a bank or manufacturing operation with equal skill .
My father was operating in the bottom - left quadrant of Figure 8.1 , which is from The Toyota Way by Jeffrey Liker .
Different types of functional managers as determined by type of expertise and management style .
Adapted from The Toyota Way , Jeffrey Liker , copyright The McGraw - Hill Companies , Inc .
A different type of manager , or perhaps one working in a different era than my father , might have applied her general management skills in a bottom - up manner .
This manager would be in the top left of Figure 8.1 .
In the bottom right of that figure we see a manager with a deep understanding of the work and a topdown style .
This manager — who is quite common on software projects — tells his team both what to do and how to do it .
In an organization using Scrum , functional managers should operate in the top - right quadrant , where they combine a deep understanding of the work with a bottom - up style .
A functional manager is responsible for providing guidance and coaching to members of the group .
ScrumMasters and product owners also provide guidance and coaching , but their views are limited to a single project or product .
A functional manager will have a broader perspective , including the ability to establish cross-project standards and set expectations for quality , maintainability , reusability , and many of the other - ilities or nonfunctional requirements .
Functional managers also retain responsibility for developing the people in their groups .
Securing the budget and time to send them to conferences , challenging them with appropriate projects , and encouraging them to join or form communities of practice are all part of the functional manager ’s role .
Personnel Responsibilities
In most organizations , functional managers will retain responsibility for writing periodic reviews of the personnel in their departments .
Although the functional manager has hopefully always incorporated input from each employee ’s coworkers and customers into the review , the need to do so is greater in a Scrum environment because the employee will likely be working less closely with the functional manager on a day - to - day basis .
In many organizations , functional managers also retain responsibility for making hiring and firing decisions .
Neither the ScrumMaster nor the product owner has this level of authority over individuals on the product development teams .
After the organization adopts Scrum , most functional managers find themselves with more time available than they had before .
This time is most often used to stay in closer touch with their direct reports , to know more about each project the group ’s employees are working on ( by attending various sprint reviews and so on ) , and to pay more attention to cross - project standards and future directions .
Programmers
What do programmers do on a Scrum team ?
They program .
They test .
They analyze .
They design .
They do anything necessary to help the team complete the work committed to for a sprint .
Although it is OK to have specialists on a Scrum team , specialists need to be willing to work outside their specialty whenever needed for the greater good of the team .
There are exceptions .
A game development project may , for example , benefit from specialists in artificial intelligence programming .
Because of the highly specialized nature of their product , these specialists may do nothing outside their specialty .
The majority of programmers on a Scrum team , however , should be willing to contribute in any number of ways to optimize the throughput of the overall team .
This means they will test when necessary , sometimes program in a nonpreferred language , and so on .
One of the most striking changes for programmers on a Scrum team is that they can no longer sit in their cubicles and wait to be told exactly what to program .
They need to become active participants in understanding product requirements .
Surprisingly , there are many people who simply want to be told what to work on .
I ’ve heard this expressed as “ if they tell me what to work on and I do it , then I ca n’t be fired . ”
Programmers on a Scrum team — like all others on the team — are expected to share in the responsibility for the overall success of the product .
When this responsibility is fully felt , it is easier to do the things that go beyond one ’s normal job description .
Programmers will also be expected to talk to customers and users .
The amount of this can be adjusted up or down based on the programmer , the organization , the strengths of other team members , and the nature of the project .
Programmers do not need to develop the personalities of gregarious , glad - handing salespeople .
But they do need to be comfortable occasionally talking to a user or customer , even if it ’s just over the phone .
Similarly , programmers can expect to spend more time interacting with their coworkers .
A programmer may not be allowed to come in at 11 and clamp headphones on until quietly leaving at 7 .
Instead , programmers may be expected to sit in a group space , engage in discussions , help others with problems , and participate in pair programming .
These changes can be quite unsettling for the many programmers ( including myself ) who got into this field because we thought we could sit alone in our cubicles all day .
Prior to my first programming job , I worked in a six - foot by four - foot totally enclosed dark room developing photos all day .
I would pop out for regularly scheduled breaks and lunch ; otherwise I was alone in the dark all day and loved it .
Moving to the lighted world of cubicles was a big change .
Moving from quiet cubicles to an energetic , talkative culture is an even bigger change .
Programmers on a Scrum team will be expected to make this transition .
Fortunately , though , the change is n’t that hard for most of us .
We may like to be alone , but we find participating in structured conversations ( as in the meetings and decision - making discussions on a Scrum project ) much easier than unstructured conversations as at a cocktail party .
Beyond the communication and interaction changes , programmers will almost certainly experience changes in how they do their work .
Technical practices such as pair programming , test - driven development , and a strong emphasis on automated unit testing will be new to them .
The team may not choose to adopt all of these practices at first ( or ever in some cases ) , but I suggest all be considered and tried .
Database Administrators
Data professionals , whether they go by the title of database administrators , database engineers , or something else , can be among the most resistant to adopting Scrum .
Much of what the preceding section said about programmers will also be true about database administrators .
Additionally , data professionals will be faced with learning how to do incrementally what has traditionally been viewed as a part of a project ’s up - front work .
Standard advice in database design has been to do a complete analysis of the system ’s needs , create a logical or conceptual database design , and then map the concepts to the constraints of a real - world database during physical database design .
Success at this series of steps is predicated on a full and accurate analysis up front .
The traditional data professional ’s view was best summed up to me by a fellow traveler on a plane from Chicago to Sacramento .
He was a vice president of database development for a relatively large healthcare company .
His view on the world was “ applications change ; data is forever . ”
This type of thinking leads to an intense focus on doing a complete analysis up front .
This is nice in theory , but while we ’re taking the time to do that complete analysis , the world is continuing to evolve .
Users ’ needs are changing .
Competitors are releasing their products .
Databases need to evolve to support the evolving applications built on them .
In many ways user experience design , architecture , and database design are all special cases of the same challenge : working incrementally on something that is thought about holistically .
Much of a DBA ’s day - to - day work will not change significantly , but how the DBA approaches and schedules that work will change dramatically and will be discussed in the “ Work Together Throughout the Sprint ” section of that chapter .
Testers
For years the common approach to testing has been based on Philip Crosby ’s definition of quality : conformance to requirements .
If quality is conformance to requirements , then those requirements better be written down .
This has led many testers to an overzealous pursuit of a perfect requirements document against which they can confirm that the system conforms .
However , as nice as conformance to requirements may be , conformance to users ’ needs is even better .
In using Scrum we acknowledge that it is impossible to perfectly predict all user needs .
Just as programmers can no longer say , “ Hand me the perfect spec ; then go away while I make the system do exactly what you requested , ” testers cannot say , “ Hand me the perfect requirements document and I ’ll make sure the system does everything in it . ”
Each of these attitudes ( and they ’ve been prevalent ones in traditionally managed projects ) leads to an abdication of responsibility .
When statements like these are voiced , the programmer or tester who says them is relinquishing accountability for the ultimate success of the project .
“ Just tell me what to do and I ’ll do it , ” each is saying .
Instead , each needs to be thinking about the product and asking questions about each feature and how it adds to ( or detracts from ) the overall product .
Because Scrum teams shift focus during requirements gathering from writing about requirements to talking about them , conversations with the product owner become the tester ’s primary way of finding out how a new feature should behave .
A tester is likely to talk with the product owner about how a feature should work , how quickly it should perform , what acceptance criteria must be passed , and so on .
Testers are not limited to acquiring this information solely from the product owners .
As appropriate , testers should also talk with users , customers , and other stakeholders .
As with programmers , working in such an interactive environment can be uncomfortable for testers who are transitioning to Scrum .
Many testers , like their colleagues , entered software development with the expectation that they could sit in a cubicle with little human interaction on a daily basis .
Not anymore .
Testers on a Scrum team will need to become accustomed to more frequent and meaningful conversations with their coworkers and , in many cases , people outside the team .
Along with giving up on the myth that a perfect specification can be written in advance , one of the biggest changes facing testers is learning how to work iteratively .
Conceptually this should n’t be a hard thing to do .
If we think of each sprint as its own project , then the testing for each project / sprint is done within that sprint .
It ’s not as simple though as proclaiming that the last week of each sprint shall be reserved for testing .
This does n’t work and instead creates miniature waterfalls inside each sprint .
During the first few sprints , testers will face an immense challenge .
During that time the programmers are also learning how to work iteratively and probably wo n’t be good at it either .
The team will probably overcommit to what can be done in a sprint , and the programmers will probably not have any of the planned features fully coded until very near the end of the sprint .
So they will attempt to hand code to testers on the eighteenth day of a 20 - day sprint .
After individuals in these roles learn how to work in an agile manner , these eleventh - hour handoffs will disappear .
An increased emphasis on test automation becomes a hallmark of Scrum teams .
Even teams that have struggled for years to make progress in automating tests find that the short sprints of Scrum make test automation a necessity .
Over time this reduces the reliance on manual testers , those who read a script , push a button , and note the results .
These testers often find themselves being asked to learn one or more of the test automation tools used by the team .
While some test automation tools rely on what might as well be called programming to create the tests , not all do .
I have met only a handful of manual testers who have been unable to transition to making significant contributions to their teams ’ test automation efforts .
On the other hand , I ’ve met many who are afraid of this change .
Time , practice , training , and pairing ( including with a programmer ) should be sufficient to overcome the fears .
Lisa Crispin , coauthor with Janet Gregory of the book Agile Testing , recalls that when she shifted to working on an agile team , the first thing she noticed was that she needed to be proactive .
Do n’t sit and wait for things to come to you .
Be proactive !
We testers can’t wait for testing tasks to come to us .
We have to get up and get involved and figure out what to do .
Collaborating with programmers is new to a lot of testers .
( Although it was n’t to me , I always elbowed my way in at the start of every project no matter what our process was . )
Collaborating with customers is also new to a lot of testers .
It ’s way out of the comfort zone for a lot of people .
Programmers are busy people and kind of scary , sometimes .
When I was the only tester on a team of eight programmers , even though most of them were guys I had worked with for years at another company , it took a lot of courage to ask for help .
If I work too closely with others on the team , I will develop ‘ programmer eyes , ’ causing me to see everything from their perspective , rather than from the viewpoint of a tester . ”
It ’s hard to see how working more closely with programmers will cause testers to lose so much perspective that they can no longer test the software .
Database professionals have worked closely with programmers for years without becoming so contaminated .
For decades , testers have advocated doing both white - box testing ( in which they can see the internals of the system ) and black - box testing ( in which they cannot ) .
If working with a programmer can lead to developing “ programmer eyes , ” it seems logical to believe that a tester who has done white - box testing would similarly lose perspective and not be able to do black - box testing .
Fortunately , this is n’t the case .
Though many of the changes brought by Scrum will be uncomfortable at first , most testers will enjoy their new ways of working after getting used to them .
Jyri Partanen is a QA manager with Sulake , developers of Habbo , a virtual world averaging over eight million unique visitors each month .
Partanen describes the transition required of testers .
Testing is a profession where old habits tend to last .
In the case of transitioning to agile , sticking to the old ways of doing things may lead to a half - hearted implementation of the spirit of agile .
Usually the distress the testing engineers have is related to job security and the changes the upcoming agile transition may bring to their day - to - day tasks .
This is , however , an unnecessary concern .
Based on my own experience and the experience of others who actually have completed the transition to agile with QA personnel , I can say with confidence that the change has been without a doubt a smart move .
Testing engineers in agile teams have more influence in the development process and , what ’s even more important , on the end product .
User experience Designers
User Experience Designers ( UEDs ) often have a legitimate concern with adopting Scrum .
Although they are accustomed to working iteratively , they prefer to run their iterations in advance of the rest of the project .
On a Scrum project , however , we do n’t want to do all of the UED work before beginning other development activities .
My favorite descriptions of how agile designers work have come out of Autodesk in Toronto .
Lynn Miller and Desirée
Sy have written about the approach they have used to integrate design into an agile process .
I have worked on dozens of projects on which the teams and designers embraced their advice .
According to Miller and Sy , there should be two parallel tracks of work on the project : one for development and one for interaction design .
Figure 8.2 depicts these two tracks and the interaction between them .
The essential idea here is that UED work always precedes development work by at least one sprint .
UEDs are given a headstart on the project through a combination of an initial sprint zero and a focus in sprint one on features with few or no user interface implications .
The approach shown here can work well but brings with it the risk that UEDs view themselves as a separate team .
Lynn Miller sketched the first version of this diagram and agrees that it must not be interpreted to imply that there are separate teams .
Whenever I have taught this concept I have always stressed that the designers should not think of themselves as a separate team and that tight and frequent communication is essential to make the concept work .
It has always been a failing of the diagram that it seems to suggest separation when that never was my intent .
UED and development can occur in parallel tracks .
( Adapted courtesy of Lynn Miller . )
It is essential that UEDs view themselves as part of the team .
The idea of cross-functional teams is fundamental to Scrum ; the team needs to include everyone necessary to go from idea to implementation .
What would prevent a testing group from preparing its own version of Figure 8.2 showing parallel tracks of programming and testing sprints ?
If I were to meet a UED in the hallway of your company and ask , “ What do you do ? ” I might get a response like this : “ I ’m a user experience designer .
I work one sprint in advance of the developers .
My job is to make sure that when they start a sprint I can give them a design for what they ’ll develop in that sprint . ”
This answer corresponds with Figure 8.2 , but it ’s not an answer I like .
Instead I ’d prefer to hear , “ I ’m a user experience designer .
I ’m on the development team , and my primary job is to make sure we finish whatever work we commit to for the sprint .
But that does n’t take up all my time , so I spend a good amount of it looking ahead at what we ’re going to build in the next sprint or two .
I then gather data , mock up designs , and do whatever I can so that when we start on a feature in a future sprint , we ’re able to finish it in that sprint . ”
Both of these fictitious quotes describe exactly the same work .
In both cases the UEDs are working with the team during the sprint to resolve issues about that sprint , but they are also looking ahead .
However , the two different answers present different mindsets about the work .
First and foremost , I want UEDs to feel a part of the team and that their top priority is delivering whatever is committed for the current sprint .
Beyond that , their job is to look ahead in exactly the same way everyone expects a product owner to be looking ahead at what competitors are doing , what users will want next , and so on .
I ’m not alone in thinking that an agile mindset is critical for UEDs in making the transition to Scrum .
Well - respected usability expert Jakob Nielsen concurs .
For user experience practitioners who support agile teams , the main change is in mindset .
Having good , general user experience knowledge will help you understand how to change traditional design and evaluation methods to meet your agile team ’s different focus .
Ultimately , however , you must both believe in yourself and embrace agile development concepts if you want to succeed .
If you ’re prepared to change your practices and take on the responsibility , there are great opportunities to improve your effectiveness and your impact on the teams you support .
Three Common Themes
In this article we considered the changed roles of analysts , project managers , architects , functional managers , programmers , database administrators , testers , and user experience designers .
In doing so , three major themes reasserted themselves :
Work incrementally .
Always strive to produce a potentially shippable product increment within the sprint .
Always strive to produce a potentially shippable product increment within the sprint .
Work iteratively .
Functionality can be revisited in subsequent sprints .
Functionality can be revisited in subsequent sprints .
Work beyond your specialty .
To create something potentially shippable by the end of the sprint , individuals need to be willing to work outside their specialty occasionally .
As you go forward , you ’ll find it helpful to keep these themes in mind as general heuristics about how individuals should work on a Scrum team .
About the Author
Mike Cohn is the founder of Mountain Goat Software ( http://www.mountaingoatsoftware.com), where he teaches and coaches on Scrum and agile development .
He is the author of Agile Estimating and Planning , User Stories Applied for Agile Software Development , and Succeeding with Agile : Software Development with Scrum .
With more than 25 years of experience , Mike has previously been a technology executive in companies of various sizes , from startup to Fortune 40 .
A frequent magazine contributor and conference speaker , Mike is a founding member of the Scrum Alliance and the Agile Alliance .
He can be reached through his website at http://www.mountaingoatsoftware.com.
“ This article is an excerpt from the new book , Succeeding with Agile : Software Development Using Scrum ” , authored by Mike Cohn , published by Addison - Wesley Professional , Nov. 2009 , ISBN 0321579364 , Copyright 2010 Mike Cohn .
For a complete Table of Contents please visit : www.informit.com/title/0321579364
Advertisement
Firefox :
It 's easy to accumulate multiple profiles on various services .
If it 's always annoyed you to have to perform browser - acrobatics to use your two Gmail accounts or other services , check out Multifox and never be hassled by multiple logins again .
Multifox adds a simple function to Firefox .
When you want to log into a service with more than one user name simultaneously you right click on the bookmark for that service or open the File menu and select " Open in New Identity Profile " .
Advertisement
Certainly a savvy Firefox user could jump in and say " But Firefox already supports multiple profiles ! " , and it does .
Multifox is much easier than managing multiple profiles natively in Firefox because it does so without messing around in the Profile Manager and without having to manually create a new profile for each new additional service .
If you need to , on the fly , test out five instances of a service Multifox will help you create five distinct profiles in five clicks .
Each profile is assigned a number — the screenshot above shows us logged into a secondary Gmail account — and is opened in a new window .
If Firefox crashes , all the extra profiles generated by Multifox will be restored when you restore the original instance of Firefox .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Multifox is free and works wherever Firefox does .
Have your own tip or trick of managing multiple logins ?
Let 's hear about it in the comments .
Multifox [ via Download Squad ]
Editor 's Note :
This is the fifth in a series of five features on carbon capture and storage , running daily from April 6 to April 10 , 2009 .
Human activity results in the emission of some 30 billion metric tons of climate change–causing carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) per year .
About half of the greenhouse gas is absorbed by the world 's oceans and plants , among other natural processes , but the rest lingers in the atmosphere for a century or more , driving up annual CO 2 concentrations by around two parts per million ( ppm ) .
Those atmospheric concentrations have climbed from roughly 280 ppm in the 18th century before the widespread burning of fossil fuels to 386 ppm today — and continue to rise .
According to the Natural Resources Defense Council ( NRDC ) , the coal - fired power plants built or planned since the turn of the 21st century will emit more carbon dioxide than all human coal - burning since the dawn of the Industrial Age : 660 billion metric tons over the next 25 years versus 524 billion metric tons emitted between 1751 and 2000 .
" The next 25 years of investment would produce 26 percent more emissions than all previous human use of coal , " says George Peridas , a mechanical engineer and scientist at NRDC in San Francisco .
" This is a massive legacy and we cannot afford to let that happen . "
Environmental groups like the NRDC , Environmental Defense Fund ( EDF ) , Union of Concerned Scientists , and Clean Air Task Force ( CATF ) are pushing lawmakers to implement the kinds of policy — such as a cap - and - trade scheme to limit CO 2 emissions — that would lead to widespread to adoption of carbon capture and storage ( CCS ) technology .
" Environmentalists are talking about coal not because we love coal , " says EDF 's director of business relationships Mark Brownstein .
" It 's because we have to deal with coal in order to achieve the kind of CO 2 reductions we need to make in the time frame we need to make them . "
Most environmental groups agree that global greenhouse gas emissions must be reduced by at least 80 percent below 1990 levels by mid-century , a goal also shared by the Obama administration .
But they differ on how that can be achieved .
The Sierra Club and Greenpeace , for example , oppose CCS technology , preferring to push for more power derived from renewable resources , such as wind and solar energy .
CCS supporters , however , believe the technology is vital to reducing emissions quickly .
" If we do n't address the problem of coal , it 's game over for climate change , " says John Thompson , director of the coal transition project for CATF .
The NRDC , for example , supports paying utilities $ 90 for every metric ton of CO 2 buried at the first three gigawatts worth of coal - fired power plants with full CCS .
And that 's because CCS is expensive .
Today , three types of technology can capture CO 2 at a power plant .
One , as at Schwarze Pumpe in Germany , involves the oxyfuel process : burning coal in pure oxygen to produce a CO 2 - rich emission stream .
The second uses various forms of chemistry — in the form of amine or ammonia scrubbers , special membranes or ionic liquids — to pull CO 2 out of a more mixed set of exhaust gases .
The third is gasification , in which liquid or solid fuels are first turned into synthetic natural gas , the most common being integrated gasification combined cycle ( IGCC ) technology ; CO 2 from the conversion of the gas can be siphoned off .
The primary problem with all of them is cost .
Simply put , it costs money — and energy — to capture the CO 2 , ranging from as little as $ 5 a metric ton at natural gas projects like In Salah in Algeria to more than $ 90 a metric ton for certain gasification technologies .
" The majority of cost for CCS is the first ' C ' : capture , " says research engineer Howard Herzog at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( M.I.T. ) .
The U.S. Department of Energy ( DoE ) estimated in May 2007 that a new power plant burning pulverized coal and equipped with amine scrubbers to capture 90 percent of the CO 2 would make electricity at a cost of more than $ 114 per megawatt - hour ( compared to just $ 63 per MWh without CO 2 capture ) .
A similar integrated gasification combined cycle ( IGCC ) plant — in which coal is turned to gas before being burned — capturing the same amount would produce electricity for roughly $ 103 per MWh .
For the consumer , the extra cost of carbon capture would therefore amount to about $ 0.04 a kilowatt - hour .
The DoE hopes to bring that price down .
" In terms of total cost , they want to shoot for $ 10 per metric ton of CO2 , " says CO 2 sequestration project leader Rajesh Pawar of Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico .
" We are closer to the $ 50 per ton range right now . "
Governments and utilities around the world are beginning to make plans to build more such expensive power plants .
Vattenfall will expand the Schwarze Pumpe operation and convert several commercial boilers in power plants such as Janschwalde in Germany and Nordjylland in Denmark for CCS by 2015 , according to Vattenfall 's CCS spokesman Staffan Gortz .
Statoil Hydro is building a CCS research site at its Mongstad refinery in Norway and France 's Total has retrofitted a natural gas - burning power plant in Lacq with oxyfuel technology .
And Australia and China are both building what will become zero-emissions coal - fired power plants using IGCC , dubbed ZeroGen and GreenGen , respectively .
" [ China ] is adding about one [ coal ] gasifier a month and has been doing so for four years , " CATF 's Kurt Waltzer says .
" Since all of those gasifiers are in the business of making chemicals , fuels and fertilizers , they 're all doing carbon capture .
And what I suspect is China is doing more CO 2 capture than anyone else .
But all of that is being vented . "
The Obama administration may even resurrect the FutureGen project — a 275 MW IGCC power plant that would capture 90 percent of its greenhouse gas emissions ; the Bush administration had canceled it because of spiraling costs ( which may have been miscalculated ) .
The DoE has also offered at least $ 8 billion in loan guarantees for coal - fired power plants with CCS .
As a result , commercial CCS projects are springing up in the U.S. as well .
Duke Energy is spending $ 2.35 billion to build a 630 - MW IGCC power plant in Edwardsport , Ind. that may become the first commercial CCS project in the country — although it would be designed to capture only about 18 percent of the CO 2 it will generate in 2013 .
" It is our goal to make this one of the first demonstrations of CCS at a working power plant , " says Angeline Protogere , a Duke spokesperson .
" Coal powers about half the nation 's electricity and we have to find ways to burn it cleanly . "
Of course , such a demonstration plant will not address some of the other issues vilifying coal use , such as mountaintop - removal mining to get at coal seams or the toxic coal ash left over after burning .
And all ( or nearly all ) of the greenhouse gas would need to be captured for a coal - fired power plant to be climate - friendly .
But IGCC is capable of removing 90 percent or more of the CO 2 .
" Our request is to look at 18 percent capture and sequestration , " Protogere says .
" That does n't preclude going back and asking for a higher level later on . "
Duke is not alone .
American Electric
Power will begin capturing just over 3 percent of the 8.5 million metric tons of CO 2 emitted by its 1,300 - MW Mountaineer Power Plant in West Virginia later this year and injecting the CO 2 nearly two miles ( 3.2 kilometers ) underground .
The Erora Group plans to build a 630 - MW IGCC power plant with CCS dubbed Cash Creek in Henderson County , Ky. Summit Power has proposed to build a 170 - MW IGCC power plant in West Texas that would capture 80 percent of its CO 2 emissions .
BP and Southern Company have projects as well .
But previous plants , such as two proposed by the utility NRG in New York and Delaware , have fallen by the wayside .
They were killed by the high cost of the technology and a lack of federal policy — a cap - and - trade program , a carbon tax or some other mechanism effectively setting a price on CO 2 pollution — to make them economically feasible , notes Caroline Angoorly , head of environmental markets at JP Morgan Chase , who formerly lead development of these projects at NRG .
Nevertheless , Oklahoma - based Tenaska is planning for two plants .
One $ 3.5 - billion plant in Taylorville , Ill. , would gasify the high - sulfur local coals before capturing at least 50 percent of the CO 2 .
Another $ 3.5 - billion plant planned for Sweetwater , Tex. , would burn pulverized coal to generate 600 MW of electricity while capturing its 5.75 million metric tons of emissions postcombustion with amine or ammonia scrubbers or , possibly , with advanced membranes that separate CO 2 from other flue gases .
If postcombustion capture can be demonstrated commercially , " then the market for those existing coal - fired power plants is very large .
There are at least two billion tons of domestic emissions from pulverized coal power plants , " says Greg Kunkel , Tenaska 's vice president for environmental affairs .
" You ca n't tackle the larger problem [ of climate change ] unless you deal with those plants in some way . "
And CCS can be equally well applied to other CO 2 - intensive industries : cement production , steel making and aluminum smelting , among others .
They can even be combined with the burning of plant matter to create a " carbon negative " fuel that when burned removes more CO 2 from the air than it puts in .
" CCS is [ also ] about these really large natural gas fields in Indonesia and Malaysia that have as much as 50 percent CO 2 by content .
It 's just like Sleipner but even higher concentrations that are going to vent the CO 2 to the atmosphere for want of $ 20 per metric ton of CO 2 , " says engineer James Dooley , senior research scientist at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory .
" [ Coal ] is the biggest market but , in the near term and in the developing world , CCS can reduce emissions from other sectors — and that has benefit . "
But it is going to take time : research engineer Howard Herzog of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology estimates that the first new CCS coal plant in the U.S. wo n't be completed before 2015 .
" We may have by 2020 a handful , maybe even close to 10 , " he says .
" If your goal is 80 percent cuts [ in CO 2 emissions ] by 2050 , then it 's not big enough . "
And it is also going to take money — at least $ 20 billion over the next decade , according to International Energy Agency estimates .
Even industry group the American Coalition for Clean Coal Electricity estimates it will cost $ 17 billion for CCS to be available by 2025 .
" We 're going to have to do it , the same as adding wind , solar , nuclear power and conservation , " says Julio Friedmann , leader of the carbon management program at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory .
" It 's a climate imperative so let 's get on with it . "
After all , " for every five years of inaction , it requires an extra gigaton of reductions , " says Gardiner Hill , manager of technology and engineering for CCS at BP 's alternative energy arm .
" Unless we get started now , we do n't get the advantage of CCS and the emission reductions we need . "
I mentioned byobu the other day , and a few days before I mentioned a slew of audio players for the console .
Here ’s a mis-mash of those ideas , with three audio mixers running inside the Ubuntu version of byobu .
From top to bottom that ’s aumix , rexima and the omnipresent alsamixer , which is part of the alsa -utils package in most distros .
If you do n’t know about alsamixer , you should probably become familiar with it ; it ’s probably the most commonplace of the three you see there .
And probably the most straightforward .
You get a one - to - one series of vertical sliders and toggle switches that correspond to the controls on your audio card .
In other words , what you see on your machine is probably going to be slightly different from that picture .
But you can control the audio channels and features of your card through keyboard controls , with help screens and system information accessible at the press of a key .
And if you have more than one sound card , you can swap out controls with almost no effort .
To me , alsamixer is another example of a console application that is actually more expedient and better arranged than most GUI equivalents .
I can attest to spending time — too much time , considering the task — twiddling the dials in the Gnome audio control trying to get the audio levels correct .
In that sense , using the mouse or even the mouse wheel was more of a hindrance .
With alsamixer , the same task is about three keypresses , and it ’s done .
Both aumix and rexima are valid replacements for alsamixer , but ( if this is possible ) alsamixer has a more “ polished ” interface ( the ASCII boxes in that image are my fault ; usually it is drawn with proper frames ) .
aumix is clean and keeps menu keypresses at the left , and is a worthy second - place finisher to alsamixer .
And aumix has an “ undo ” function , which may come in handy at times .
But as you can see , it lacks some of the prettification that alsamixer has .
And as everyone knows , pretty is a feature . 🙄
rexima might be the last - place finisher in that sense , but rexima is also probably the lightest of the three .
No graphical demands whatsoever , clean and simple , and totally functional .
In that sense it excels quite handsomely .
It ’s worth saying that none of these is an equalizer , only a mixer .
Console equalizers are harder to come by , although there is a derivative of alsamixer called alsaequal , which is easy to set up and piggybacks on the alsamixer framework .
If you ’re an audiophile and at the same time a console fanatic , that is probably your best bet .
I still have a huge list of programs to test , but they ’ll probably be further spaced out now that the new year holiday is complete .
If only I could retire and spend all my time tinkering with Linux .
Is there any money in that … ? 🙄
MADRID , Jan. 5 ( UPI ) -- Police in Spain said an apparent slip - up by drug dealers led to almost 175 pounds of cocaine being delivered to grocery stores in boxes of bananas .
Investigators said workers at a Lidl supermarket in Madrid discovered a brick of cocaine at the bottom of a box of bananas Saturday and drug - sniffing dogs discovered 25 other packages at other Lidl locations , the BBC reported Tuesday .
Advertisement
Police said the bananas had been shipped from Ecuador and Ivory Coast and arrived in the southeast port of Sagunto last week .
A spokesman for Lidl , based in Germany , said 2,000 lbs of bananas had to be destroyed .
" It 's the first time that this has happened to Lidl in Spain -- and we hope it's also the last , " he said .
The police investigation is ongoing .
A powerful argument against climate alarmism is the failed worldview of modern neo-Malthusianism , which has promoted fear after fear with an intolerant , smartest - guys - in - the - room mentality .
Remember the “ population bomb ” where many millions would die in food riots ?
Well , obesity turned out to be the real problem .
Remember the Club of Rome ’s resource scare ?
In 1972 , 57 predictions of exhaustion were made regarding 19 different minerals .
All either have been falsified or will be .
Remember the global - cooling scare promoted by , among others , the Obama administration ’s science czar , John Holdren ?
( Yes , global cooling was a big deal , although it was not a “ consensus . ” )
And all of the above doom merchants were uber - confident and still are loath to admit they were ever wrong .
Holdren , for example , is sticking to his prediction that as many as one billion people could die by 2020 from ( man-made ) climate change .
That ’s about ten years , folks .
Climategate / Climate McCarthyism
Now to today .
Error and intolerance rule in the global warming scare .
Read the flaming emails from the principals of Climategate .
Read about Joseph “ Climate McCarthyism ” Romm by his critics on the Left .
Read the latest from ( non-Climategater ) Michael Schlesinger , who lost his cool against New York Times environmental reporter Andrew Revkin .
And of course there is John Holdren , now science advisor to President Obama , who said this to me when I asked him to critically review my essay evaluating his 2003 criticism of Bjorn Lomborg , “ The Heated Energy Debate . ”
Holdren responded :
What exactly entitles you to the evidently self - applied label of ‘ energy expert ’ ? ….
You are of course entitled to ( verbally ) attack me in any legal way you like , but please do n’t then pretend in personal notes to me that we are colleagues , each doing our best to get at the truth … .
[ Y ]ou appear to be … lacking both discernible qualifications in the real world and the ability to tell a good argument from a bad one .
I want nothing further to do with you .
A strange intellectual dude .
Remember Julian Simon
Today ’s Climategate is predictable with some of the same players at work–and many new ones as well .
Remember how Paul R. Ehrlich treated his intellectual rival Julian Simon ?
The Stanford University biologist refused to debate Simon or even meet him in person .
He insulted Simon repeatedly in print .
Ehrlich even scolded Science magazine for publishing Simon ’s 1980 breakthrough essay “ Resources , Population , Environment : An Oversupply of Bad News , ” with the words : “ Could the editors have found someone to review Simon ’s manuscript who had to take off this shoes to count to 20 ? ” ( quoted in Julian Simon , The Ultimate Resource II , 1996 , p. 612 ) .
Here is the full story from chapter 11 of my Capitalism at Work : Business , Government , and Energy ( pp. 272–73 ) :
Science magazine in mid-1980 published an essay by Julian Simon that “ raised the blood pressure of the scientific community a good twenty points , ” one Malthusian environmentalist recalled .
“ Resources , Population , Environment : An Oversupply of False Bad News ” presented official statistics to refute high - profile media scare stories .
In so doing , Simon challenged the interrelated notions of a fixed supply of land , fixed and depleting resources , a growing inadequacy of food supply , an inverse relationship between population and progress , and a worsening environment .
Simon ’s cherry - on - top was answering , Why do we hear phony bad news ?
Part of his explanation was “ bad news sells books , newspapers , and magazines : good news is not half so interesting . ”
He asked , “ Is it a wonder that there are lots of bad - news best - sellers warning about pollution , population growth , and natural - resource depletion but none telling us the facts about improvement ? ”
The provocative essay , published on the home turf of the neo-Malthusians , put Simon ’s ideas in play .
Princeton University Press rushed ahead to publish what became Simon ’s signature book , The Ultimate Resource .
The sustainability debate was finally joined .
A flood of dissent filled the offices of the American Association of the Advancement of Science ( AAAS ) in response to Simon ’s cannon shot .
Paul Ehrlich asked : “ Could the editors have found someone to review Simon ’s manuscript who had to take off his shoes to count to 20 ? ” Paul and Anne Ehrlich , John Holdren , and John Harte in a reply challenged Simon ’s contention that oil was not becoming permanently scarcer .
“ The fact is that OPEC ’s price hikes and the ‘ improved market power ’ of coal and uranium both reflected a new reality based on emerging scarcity of oil and natural gas . ”
Record oil prices gave at least superficial credence to their depletionism , but Simon , like M.A. Adelman , would soon have the upper hand .
Simon designed The Ultimate Resource ( 1981 ) to irresistibly engage his opponents .
Using The Affluent Society by John Kenneth Galbraith as his model , Simon sought to write a popular book that would influence academia via the general public .
Thus Simon turned over his trump cards in the introduction .
Hold your hat — our supplies of natural resources are not finite in any economic sense … .
If the past is any guide , natural resources will progressively become less scarce , and less costly , and will constitute a smaller proportion of our expenses in future years .
And population growth is likely to have a long - run beneficial impact on the natural - resource environment .
Energy .
Grab your hat again — the long - run future of our energy supply is at least as bright as that of other natural resources , though political maneuvering can temporarily boost prices from time to time .
Finiteness is no problem here either .
And the long - run impact of additional people is likely to speed the development of a cheap energy supply that is almost inexhaustible .
Twenty - three chapters and thousands of data points later , his book ended : “ The ultimate resource is people — skilled , spirited , and hopeful people who will exert their wills and imaginations for their own benefit , and so , inevitably , for the benefit of us all . ”
This was Erich Zimmermann resurrected — but backed by a much richer empirical record within a wider framework .
It was Zimmermann who had written decades earlier , “ Freedom and wisdom , the fruits of knowledge , are the fountainhead of resources . ”
A science of expansionism , and the integration of “ depletable resources ” in the corpus of general economics , was at hand .
The Ultimate Resource , condensing and building upon Simon ’s 1977 book , The Economics of Population Growth , offered a new way to view the world .
Science historian Thomas Kuhn , two decades before , had explained the whirlwind that Simon now found himself in .
In Kuhnian terms , Simon ’s time - series data revealed a gaping anomaly in an entrenched neo-Malthusian paradigm .
The process of normal science had now to give way to extraordinary science , a scientific revolution whereby a new gestalt came forth .
Not surprisingly , the establishment , viewing the world in a preformed and relatively inflexible box , was intolerant of the new theory .
Paradigm shifts , Kuhn explained , overturn the established order .
Emotions run high .
The process begins with scientists … behav[ing ] differently and continues with pronounced professional insecurity where years and perhaps lifetimes of work and writing are put at risk .
If the paradigm is powerful and useful , with open questions answered , it prevails until only a few elderly hold - outs remain .
Simon ’s shift of vision was not verifiable as in the laboratory sciences , where experimentation under controlled conditions can objectively settle matters .
While taking into account physical laws , social science issues such as the costs and benefits of population growth offered plenty of wiggle room for scientists to interpret the data differently or hold out for new data .
Julian Simon would practically have to go it alone until economists — a few , more , then many — joined him against an entrenched core of largely environmental scientists wed to Malthusian notions .
Is there a paradigm crisis with exaggerated climate science ?
Is this why , in Kuhnian terms , so many –far too many –scientists are behaving strangely and badly ?
... According to a report on PCWorld , Google 's support forums are on fire with customers looking for support for their new Nexus One , but unable to find it .
Normally the network ( Vodafone , here in the UK ) would be fielding such complaints , but quite understandably people are going back to the place they bought the device to solve their issues , which is evidently unprepared .
The networks are apparently turning customers back toward Google for support ( and why would n't they ? ) , which is currently only offer email contact with a 48 hour turnaround on replies - far too long , from what disgruntled Nexus One owners are saying .
And the complaints do n't stop there .
Beleaguered Android developers are voicing their annoyance that end users have received the 2.1 version of the operating system before they did , with no SDK having been released as yet .
This means devs are unable to test their software against the latest update without buying a Nexus One , and this is already proving an issue with developers receiving complaints that their software is having issues on Android 2.1 - and they 're unable even to test it .
Read the whole thing on Pocket Gamer »
Read a bunch of complaints here >
Published online 20 January 2010 | Nature 463 , 284-287 ( 2010 ) | doi:10.1038/463284a
News Feature
Like any other field , research on climate change has some fundamental gaps , although not the ones typically claimed by sceptics .
Quirin Schiermeier takes a hard look at some of the biggest problem areas .
The e-mails leaked from the University of East Anglia 's Climatic Research Unit ( CRU ) in November presented an early Christmas present to climate - change denialists .
Amid the more than 1,000 messages were several controversial comments that — taken out of context — seemingly indicate that climate scientists have been hiding a mound of dirty laundry from the public .
A fuller reading of the e-mails from CRU in Norwich , UK , does show a sobering amount of rude behaviour and verbal faux pas , but nothing that challenges the scientific consensus of climate change .
Still , the incident provides a good opportunity to point out that — as in any active field of inquiry — there are some major gaps in the understanding of climate science .
In its most recent report in 2007 , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) highlighted 54 ' key uncertainties ' that complicate climate science .
Such a declaration of unresolved problems could hardly be called ' hidden ' .
And some of these — such as uncertainties in measurements of past temperatures — have received considerable discussion in the media .
But other gaps in the science are less well known beyond the field 's circle of specialists .
Such holes do not undermine the fundamental conclusion that humans are warming the climate , which is based on the extreme rate of the twentieth - century temperature changes and the inability of climate models to simulate such warming without including the role of greenhouse - gas pollution .
The uncertainties do , however , hamper efforts to plan for the future .
And unlike the myths regularly trotted out by climate - change denialists ( see ' Enduring climate myths ' ) , some of the outstanding problems may mean that future changes could be worse than currently projected .
“ This climate of suspicion we 're working in is insane .
It 's drowning our ability to soberly communicate gaps in our science . ”
Gavin Schmidt
Researchers say it is difficult to talk openly about holes in understanding .
" Of course there are gaps in our knowledge about Earth 's climate system and its components , and yes , nothing has been made clear enough to the public , " says Gavin Schmidt , a climate modeller at NASA 's Goddard Institute for Space Studies in New York and one of the moderators and contributors to the influential RealClimate blog .
" But this climate of suspicion we 're working in is insane .
It 's really drowning our ability to soberly communicate gaps in our science when some people cry ' fraud ' and ' misconduct ' for the slightest reasons . "
Nature has singled out four areas — regional climate forecasts , precipitation forecasts , aerosols and palaeoclimate data — that some say deserve greater open discussion , both within scientific circles and in the public sphere .
Regional climate prediction
The sad truth of climate science is that the most crucial information is the least reliable .
To plan for the future , people need to know how their local conditions will change , not how the average global temperature will climb .
Yet researchers are still struggling to develop tools to accurately forecast climate changes for the twenty - first century at the local and regional level .
The basic tools used to simulate Earth 's climate are general circulation models ( GCMs ) , which represent physical processes in the global atmosphere , oceans , ice sheets and on the land 's surface .
Such models generally have a resolution of about 1 –3° in latitude and longitude — too coarse to offer much guidance to people .
So climate scientists simulate regional changes by zooming in on global models — using the same equations , but solving them for a much larger number of grid points in particular locations .
However , increasing the resolution in this way can lead to problems .
Zooming in from GCMs bears the risk of blowing up any inherent weakness of the ' mother ' model .
If the model does a poor job of simulating certain atmospheric patterns , those errors will be compounded at the regional level .
Most experts are therefore cautious when asked to make regional predictions .
" Our current climate models are just not up to informed decision - making at the resolution of most countries , " says Leonard Smith , a statistician and climate analyst at the London School of Economics and Political Science .
" You need to be very circumspect about the added value of downscaling to regional impacts , " agrees Hans von Storch , a climate modeller at the GKSS Institute for Coastal Research in Geesthacht , Germany , who has recently contributed to a regional climate assessment of the Hamburg metropolitan region .
If the simulations project future changes in line with the trends already observed , von Storch has more confidence in them .
But if researchers run the same model , or an ensemble of models , multiple times and the results diverge from each other or from the observed trends , he cautions , " planners should handle them with kid gloves .
Whenever possible , they 'd rather wait with spending big money on adaptation projects until there is more certainty about the things to come . "
Downscaled climate models face particular uncertainty problems dealing in regions with complex topography , such as where mountains form a wall between two climatically different plains .
Another potential source of error comes from projections concerning future greenhouse - gas emissions , which vary depending on assumptions about economic developments .
Climate simulations for Europe for the end of the current century suggests warming ( top ) of more than 3 °C relative to the end of the twentieth century .
Precipitation projections ( bottom ) indicate drying of southern Europe and wetter conditions in northern Europe .
IPCC CLIMATE CHANGE 2007 : THE PHYSICAL SCIENCE BASIS .
CH. 11 ( 2007 )
All the problems , however , do not make regional simulations worthless , as long as their limitations are understood .
They are already being used by planners at the local and national levels ( see graphs , right ) .
Simulations remain an important tool for understanding processes , such as changes in river flow , that global models just cannot resolve , says Jonathan Overpeck , a climate researcher at the University of Arizona in Tucson .
Overpeck is part of a research team that is using statistical techniques to narrow down divergent model projections of how much average water flow in the Colorado River will decrease by 2050 .
Researchers hope that by improving how they simulate climate variables such as cloud coverage and sea surface temperatures , they will further reduce the uncertainties in regional forecasts , making them even more useful for policy - makers .
Precipitation
Rising global temperatures over the next few decades are likely to increase evaporation and accelerate the global hydrological cycle — a change that will dry subtropical areas and increase precipitation at higher latitudes .
These trends are already being observed and almost all climate models used to simulate global warming show a continuation of this general pattern1 .
Projections of precipitation change for 2090 - 99 .
Blue indicates increases in precipitation and brown denotes drying .
White represents areas of uncertainty , where less than two - thirds of models agreed on whether precipitation would increase or decrease .
Stippled areas indicate where 90 % of the models agreed on the sign of the change .
IPCC CLIMATE CHANGE 2007 : THE PHYSICAL SCIENCE BASIS .
CH. 11 ( 2007 )
Unfortunately , when it comes to precipitation , that is about all the models agree on .
The different simulations used by the IPCC in its 2007 assessment offer wildly diverging pictures of snow and rainfall in the future ( see graphic , right ) .
The situation is particularly bad for winter precipitation , generally the most important in replenishing water supplies .
The IPCC simulations failed to provide any robust projection of how winter precipitation will change at the end of the current century for large parts of all continents2 .
Even worse , climate models seemingly underestimate how much precipitation has changed already — further reducing confidence in their ability to project future changes .
A 2007 study3 , published too late to be included into the last IPCC report , found that precipitation changes in the twentieth century bore the clear imprint of human influence , including drying in the Northern Hemisphere tropics and subtropics .
But the actual changes were larger than estimated from models — a finding that concerns researchers .
" If the models do systematically underestimate precipitation changes that would be bad news " , because the existing forecasts would already cause substantial problems , says Gabriele Hegerl , a climate - system scientist at the University of Edinburgh , UK , and a co-author on the paper .
" This is , alas , a very significant uncertainty , " she says .
Climate scientists think that a main weakness of their models is their limited ability to simulate vertical air movement , such as convection in the tropics that lifts humid air into the atmosphere .
The same problem can trip up the models for areas near steep mountain ranges .
The simulations may also lose accuracy because scientists do not completely understand how natural and anthropogenic aerosol particles in the atmosphere influence clouds .
Data on past precipitation patterns around the globe could help modellers to solve some of these issues , but such measurements are scant in many areas .
" We really do n't know natural variability that well , particularly in the tropics , " says Hegerl .
The uncertainties about future precipitation make it difficult for decision - makers to plan , particularly in arid regions such as the Sahel in Africa and southwestern North America .
' Mega - droughts ' lasting several decades have struck these areas in the past and are expected to happen again .
But the models in use today do a poor job of simulating such long - lasting droughts .
" That 's pretty worrying , " says Overpeck .
Increasing the resolution of models will not be enough to resolve the convective processes that lead to precipitation .
To forecast precipitation more accurately , researchers are trying , among other things , to improve the simulation of key climate variables such as the formation and dynamics of clouds .
Furthermore , high - resolution satellite observations are increasingly being used to validate and improve model realism .
Aerosols
Atmospheric aerosols — airborne liquid or solid particles — are a source of great uncertainty in climate science .
Despite decades of intense research , scientists must still resort to using huge error bars when assessing how particles such as sulphates , black carbon , sea salt and dust affect temperature and rainfall .
Overall , it is thought that aerosols cool climate by blocking sunlight , but the estimates of this effect vary by an order of magnitude , with the top end exceeding the warming power of all the carbon dioxide added to the atmosphere by humans .
One of the biggest problems is lack of data .
" We do n't know what 's in the air , " says Schmidt .
" This means a major uncertainty over key processes driving past and future climate . "
To measure aerosols in the sky , satellite and ground - based sensors detect the scattering and absorption of solar radiation .
But researchers lack enough of this kind of data to complete a picture of aerosols across the globe .
And a complex set of coordinated experiments is required to determine how aerosols alter climate processes .
Some aerosols , such as black carbon , absorb sunlight and produce a warming effect that might also inhibit rainfall .
Other particles such as sulphates exert a cooling influence by reflecting sunlight .
The net effect of aerosol pollution on global temperature is not well established .
And various studies have produced conflicting conclusions over whether global aerosol pollution is increasing or decreasing .
The relationship between aerosols and clouds adds another layer of complication .
Before a cloud can produce rain or snow , rain drops or ice particles must form and aerosols often serve as the nuclei for condensation .
But although some aerosols enhance cloudiness , others seem to reduce it .
Aerosols could also have a tremendous impact on temperatures by altering the formation and lifetime of low - level clouds , which reflect sunlight and cool the planet 's surface .
The thin white lines show how aerosols from ship exhausts brighten clouds over the Atlantic Ocean .
J. DESCLOITRES / MODIS / NASA / GSFC
Scientists have yet to untangle the interplay between pollution , clouds , precipitation and temperature .
However , NASA 's Glory satellite , an aerosol and solar - irradiance monitoring mission scheduled for launch in October , will provide some greatly anticipated data .
Still , atmospheric researchers say that ground - based sensors capable of determining the abundance and composition of aerosols in the atmosphere are needed just as much .
The tree -ring controversy
Many of the e-mails leaked from the CRU computers came from a particular group of climate researchers who work on reconstructing temperature variations over time .
The e-mails revealed them discussing some of the uncertainties in centuries worth of climate information gleaned from tree rings and other sources .
Records of thermometer measurements over the past 150 years show a sharp temperature rise during recent decades that cannot be explained by any natural pattern .
It is most likely to have been caused by anthropogenic greenhouse - gas emissions .
But reliable thermometer records from before 1850 are scarce and researchers must find other ways to reveal earlier temperature trends .
Palaeoclimatology relies on records culled from sources such as tree rings , coral reefs , lake sediments , stalagmites , glacial movements and historical accounts .
As trees grow , for example , they develop annual rings whose thickness reflects temperature and rainfall .
Proxies such as these provide most knowledge of past climate fluctuations , such as the Medieval Warm Period from about 800 to 1300 and the Little Ice Age , centred on the year 1700 .
Northern Hemisphere temperature estimates .
Click to enlarge .
IPCC CLIMATE CHANGE 2007 : THE PHYSICAL SCIENCE BASIS .
CH . 6 ( 2007 )
When proxy records for the Northern Hemisphere are stitched together , they show a pattern resembling a hockey stick , with temperatures rising substantially during the late twentieth century above the long - term mean conditions .
This type of work was pioneered in 1998 by Michael Mann , a climate researcher then at the University of Virginia in Charlottesville , and his co-authors4 .
In a subsequent publication5 , they concluded that the decade of the 1990s was probably the warmest decade , and 1998 the warmest year , in at least a millennium .
That work figured prominently in the 2001 assessment by the IPCC .
But the use and interpretation of such proxy records has generated considerable controversy .
One notable critic , Stephen McIntyre , a retired Canadian mining consultant and editor of the Climate Audit blog , has spent much of the past decade challenging the work of Mann and other scientists whose e-mails were leaked .
McIntyre has doggedly attacked the proxy records6 , particularly the statistics used to analyse tree - ring data .
Many scientists are tired of the criticisms , and the IPCC concluded that it is " likely " that the second half of the twentieth century was the warmest 50 - year period in the Northern Hemisphere during the past 1,300 years .
But legitimate questions remain about paleoclimate proxies , according to the IPCC7 .
Climate scientists are worried in particular about tree - ring data from a few northern sites .
By examining temperature measurements from nearby , researchers know that tree growth at these locations tracked atmospheric temperatures for much of the twentieth century and then diverged from the actual temperatures during recent decades .
It may be that when temperatures exceed a certain threshold , tree growth responds differently .
The ' divergence ' issue also made an appearance in the CRU affair .
In the most frequently quoted of the CRU e-mails , the former director of the centre , Phil Jones , mentioned a ' trick ' — namely using actual observations of late - twentieth - century temperatures instead of tree ring data — to ' hide the decline ' in the response of trees to the warming temperatures . "
On the surface , Jones 's phrasing seems damning .
Indeed , a graph of Northern Hemisphere temperature produced for the World Meteorological Organization in 2000 with Jones 's help fails to make clear that instrumental records from the nineteenth and twentieth centuries were spliced onto proxy data for the past millennium because of the divergence issue .
The figure did , however , contain clear references to papers that discussed the divergence issue .
" They show what was , at the time , the best estimate of how temperatures evolved over time , " says Hegerl .
" However , with hindsight , they could have been a bit clearer how this was done , given the high profile that figures like this can have . "
Aside from the issue of clarity , the decision to exclude the tree-ring records that diverge from the instrumental data makes sense , says Thomas Stocker , co-chair of the IPCC 's working group on the physical basis of climate change .
The tree ring divergence problem is restricted to a few high - latitude regions in the Northern Hemisphere and is not ubiquitous even there , he says .
“ As long as we do n't understand why the records diverge , we can't be sure that they accurately represent the past . ”
Gabriele Hegerl
Still , the divergence issue remains a source of debate within the scientific community .
" I 'm worried about what causes the divergence , " says Hegerl .
" As long as we do n't understand why they diverge , we can't be sure that they accurately represent the past . "
So improving the usefulness of proxies will require a better understanding of how different species of trees grow and respond to climate change .
Another outstanding problem in proxy research is the large range of uncertainty for temperatures from before about 1500 .
Studies published in 2004 ( ref. 8 ) and 2005 ( ref. 9 ) , based on a combination of proxies of different resolution , suggest that fluctuations in global temperature during the past millennium may have been larger than initially thought .
However , these studies still show late twentieth century warming to be unprecedented , says von Storch .
And the most recent decade was warmer still .
ADVERTISEMENT
Even with ongoing questions about the proxy data , the IPCC 's key statement — that most of the warming since the mid-twentieth century is " very likely " to be due to human - caused increases in greenhouse - gas concentration — remains solid because it rests on multiple lines of evidence from different teams examining many aspects of the climate system , says Susan Solomon , the former co-chair of the IPCC team that produced the 2007 physical science report and a climate researcher with the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration in Boulder , Colorado .
" The IPCC 's team of scientists , " she says , " would not have said that warming is unequivocal based on a single line of evidence — even if came from Moses himself . "
See Editorial , page 269 .
Here are some of them :
" Any intelligent fool can make things bigger , more complex , and more violent .
It takes a touch of genius -- and a lot of courage -- to move in the opposite direction . "
" Imagination is more important than knowledge . "
" Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love . "
" I want to know God 's thoughts ; the rest are details . "
" The hardest thing in the world to understand is the income tax . "
" Reality is merely an illusion , albeit a very persistent one . "
" The only real valuable thing is intuition . "
" A person starts to live when he can live outside himself . "
" I am convinced that He ( God ) does not play dice . "
" God is subtle but he is not malicious . "
" Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character . "
" I never think of the future .
It comes soon enough . "
" The eternal mystery of the world is its comprehensibility . "
" Sometimes one pays most for the things one gets for nothing . "
" Science without religion is lame .
Religion without science is blind . "
" Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new . "
" Great spirits have often encountered violent opposition from weak minds . "
" Everything should be made as simple as possible , but not simpler . "
" Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen . "
" Science is a wonderful thing if one does not have to earn one 's living at it . "
" The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources . "
" The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education . "
" God does not care about our mathematical difficulties .
He integrates empirically . "
" The whole of science is nothing more than a refinement of everyday thinking . "
" Technological progress is like an axe in the hands of a pathological criminal . "
" Peace can not be kept by force .
It can only be achieved by understanding . "
" The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is comprehensible . "
" We can't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them . "
" Education is what remains after one has forgotten everything he learned in school . "
" The important thing is not to stop questioning .
Curiosity has its own reason for existing . "
" Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics .
I can assure you mine are still greater . "
" Equations are more important to me , because politics is for the present , but an equation is something for eternity . "
" If A is a success in life , then A equals x plus y plus z .
Work is x ; y is play ; and z is keeping your mouth shut . "
" Two things are infinite : the universe and human stupidity ; and I 'm not sure about the the universe . "
" As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality , they are not certain , as far as they are certain , they do not refer to reality . "
" Whoever undertakes to set himself up as a judge of Truth and Knowledge is shipwrecked by the laughter of the gods . "
" I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought , but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones . "
" In order to form an immaculate member of a flock of sheep one must , above all , be a sheep . "
" The fear of death is the most unjustified of all fears , for there 's no risk of accident for someone who 's dead . "
" Too many of us look upon Americans as dollar chasers .
This is a cruel libel , even if it is reiterated thoughtlessly by the Americans themselves . "
" Heroism on command , senseless violence , and all the loathsome nonsense that goes by the name of patriotism -- how passionately I hate them ! "
" No , this trick wo n't work ... How on earth are you ever going to explain in terms of chemistry and physics so important a biological phenomenon as first love ? "
" My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive with our frail and feeble mind . "
" Yes , we have to divide up our time like that , between our politics and our equations .
But to me our equations are far more important , for politics are only a matter of present concern .
A mathematical equation stands forever . "
" The release of atom power has changed everything except our way of thinking ... the solution to this problem lies in the heart of mankind .
If only I had known , I should have become a watchmaker . "
" Great spirits have always found violent opposition from mediocrities .
The latter cannot understand it when a man does not thoughtlessly submit to hereditary prejudices but honestly and courageously uses his intelligence . "
" The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious .
It is the source of all true art and all science .
He to whom this emotion is a stranger , who can no longer pause to wonder and stand rapt in awe , is as good as dead : his eyes are closed . "
" A man 's ethical behavior should be based effectually on sympathy , education , and social ties ; no religious basis is necessary .
Man would indeeded be in a poor way if he had to be restrained by fear of punishment and hope of reward after death . "
" The further the spiritual evolution of mankind advances , the more certain it seems to me that the path to genuine religiosity does not lie through the fear of life , and the fear of death , and blind faith , but through striving after rational knowledge . "
" Now he has departed from this strange world a little ahead of me .
That means nothing .
People like us , who believe in physics , know that the distinction between past , present , and future is only a stubbornly persistent illusion . "
" You see , wire telegraph is a kind of a very , very long cat .
You pull his tail in New York and his head is meowing in Los Angeles .
Do you understand this ?
And radio operates exactly the same way : you send signals here , they receive them there .
The only difference is that there is no cat . "
" One had to cram all this stuff into one 's mind for the examinations , whether one liked it or not .
This coercion had such a deterring effect on me that , after I had passed the final examination , I found the consideration of any scientific problems distasteful to me for an entire year . "
" ... one of the strongest motives that lead men to art and science is escape from everyday life with its painful crudity and hopeless dreariness , from the fetters of one 's own ever - shifting desires .
A finely tempered nature longs to escape from the personal life into the world of objective perception and thought . "
" He who joyfully marches to music rank and file , has already earned my contempt .
He has been given a large brain by mistake , since for him the spinal cord would surely suffice .
This disgrace to civilization should be done away with at once .
Heroism at command , how violently I hate all this , how despicable and ignoble war is ; I would rather be torn to shreds than be a part of so base an action .
It is my conviction that killing under the cloak of war is nothing but an act of murder . "
" A human being is a part of a whole , called by us _universe_ , a part limited in time and space .
He experiences himself , his thoughts and feelings as something separated from the rest ... a kind of optical delusion of his consciousness .
This delusion is a kind of prison for us , restricting us to our personal desires and to affection for a few persons nearest to us .
Our task must be to free ourselves from this prison by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature in its beauty . "
" Not everything that counts can be counted , and not everything that can be counted counts . "
Most agreed , but the three girls and their parents went to a lower federal court , and the judge last year issued an injunction preventing Skumanick from either forcing them to take the class or charging them with child pornography .
Requiring them to take what the ACLU called a " re-education " class violates the First Amendment , said the attorneys .
My old boss is badmouthing me !
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) -- Dear Annie : I 'm in a terrible spot .
About four years ago , right out of college , I got a job as part of a new - product launch team at a big consumer products company .
Everything was going great .
Then , two years ago , my boss was replaced by someone who just did n't like me .
No matter how hard I tried , our personalities were like oil and water , and we just never clicked .
So I was n't too surprised when I was among the first to get laid off during staff cutbacks last spring .
The shock came last week .
After several months of job hunting and half a dozen interviews that went nowhere , the hiring manager at one company where I applied recently called and told me my most recent boss , whom I gave as a reference , is saying bad things about me .
( Among other negative remarks , he said I was " flighty . " )
My old company has a formal policy in the employee manual against telling anyone anything except dates of employment and job title .
Should I tell someone at the company that my old boss is violating the policy ?
Should I call him and ask why he is saying these things ?
Should I get a lawyer ?
[ Unfortunately , my first boss there , who liked me , has since passed away . ]
Help ! -- Just Joan
Dear J.J. :
The hiring manager who tipped you off did you a favor .
Most people who are being badmouthed by their references never find out who 's saying what -- they just do n't get hired .
Moreover , while most big companies ( and many small ones ) have a formal policy such as you describe , not all references abide by it .
Heidi Allison , president of reference checking firm Allison & Taylor , says about half the calls her staffers make turn up unexpected trouble .
Even if a reference does n't say anything definitely damning , he or she will often use a lukewarm tone of voice or vague , terse comments to put down a candidate , or to hint at less - than - stellar performance .
As one former boss told an Allison & Taylor reference checker recently : " I 'd rather not comment .
You can take that however you want . "
Have you ever suspected that your former boss was giving you a bad reference ?
Leave your comments at the bottom of this story .
" The fact is that most people have no trouble talking and , with a little prodding , they will often be surprisingly candid , " says Allison .
" You 'd be shocked at what some references have said about candidates . "
Then again , maybe you would n't .
The first step in resolving the problem : Use different references .
This was your first job out of college , but are n't there other bosses from previous part - time jobs whose names you could give instead ?
What about former colleagues who could say good things about your work ?
And this time , be sure and check with them first .
Just in case they 've forgotten how great you were , you can even give them a short list of accomplishments you 'd appreciate their mentioning when employers call .
If you decline to give your old boss 's name as a reference , and a hiring manager asks about it , you can say you never hit it off with this person and you doubt he's a fair judge of your skills and achievements .
Then move the conversation on to the ( far more interesting ) topic of what you have to offer .
" At some point in their careers , many people run into a boss who just is n't a fan , " says Allison .
" Most hiring managers understand that -- and better you should say it up front than have them discover it in a reference check . "
In the meantime , in case some prospective employers might still try to contact your old boss , consider hiring a lawyer to write a cease - and - desist letter .
Jim Abrams , an attorney at Allison & Taylor , frequently writes such letters -- usually marked " personal and confidential " and sent by registered mail to the reference 's home rather than his office .
Why ?
" The purpose is n't to punish the bad reference by embarrassing him or her at work , " says Abrams .
" The goal is just to make the negativity stop . "
What does a typical cease - and - desist say ?
It might point out that giving out information about a former employee beyond dates of employment and job title is in violation of company policy and -- depending on state law where you live -- possibly also a violation of the employee 's privacy rights .
" Companies do n't give out job - performance information about current employees to any stranger who calls on the phone , especially if the information is negative , " Abrams points out .
" So why do it to ex-employees ? "
He adds : " One legal principle that applies here is ' intentional interference with economic relations . '
Your skills and employability are property rights that a bad reference is taking from you .
So we remind people of that , and of the fact that just because someone did not work out in one position at one company does not mean he or she wo n't be just fine somewhere else . "
A stern letter from a lawyer is usually enough to make a bad reference change his tune , since no one wants the expense and embarrassment of a lawsuit .
If the letter does n't do the job , you could get an injunction against your old boss , but that could also be costly and potentially awkward for your job hunt .
Instead , Abram suggests , " consider going back to your old employer and requesting an internal dispute - resolution process like arbitration , which is usually available to both current and former employees . "
This strategy will work in your favor if you ever decide to sue your old boss , he says , since " the courts tend to look harshly on companies that refuse access to these alternative methods . "
Good luck .
Talkback :
Have you ever gotten , or suspected you 've gotten , a bad reference from a former boss ?
Have you ever given someone else a bad reference ?
Tell us on Facebook , below .
Two minor earthquakes have occurred in north Donegal in the past 24 hours .
The School of Cosmic Physics at the Dublin Institute for Advanced Studies confirmed the tremors , saying the one recorded last night measured 1.5 on the Richter scale while another this morning measured 1.7 .
This brings to three the number of small earthquakes in the county this month .
According to Thomas Blake , Experimental Officer at the Institute , the small tremors are ' natures way of releasing the stresses and strains built up over time in very deep faults . '
Mr Blake stressed that while having a few together is unusual , it is not remarkable .
The attorneys at Brewer & Giggenbach , PLLC provide each client with the attention of a small firm , but with the depth and breadth of a mega - firm .
Our attorneys possess courtroom skill and industry knowledge that pull from decades of experience litigating complex cases , in addition to providing sage business advice in corporate and civil legal matters .
Brewer & Giggenbach attorneys have proven time and again that they can take on any opponent — from the big insurance companies in injury and malpractice cases to the most challenging adversaries in business disputes — and present the client with the best possible outcome that will solve the toughest problem .
Brewer & Giggenbach , PLLC pledges sophisticated legal representation and courtroom confidence .
The entire firm works diligently and tirelessly to secure positive results in a practical amount of time .
[ / caption ]
The recently launched Proba - 2 satellite was able to observe the annular solar eclipse on January 15 , 2010 , with stunning results .
The PRoject for OnBoard Autonomy satellite was launched on November 2 , 2009 and is intended to test hardware and software that might be incorporated into future ESA missions .
The eclipse offered a unique chance to test out the Sun-imaging instrument , SWAP ( Sun Watcher using APS detectors and imaging processing ) .
Another radiometer instrument was also able to take measurements during the eclipse .
Proba - 2 is one of the smallest satellites launched .
The 0.6 m by 0.6 m by 0.8 m satellite contains several instruments , a computer , battery , thrusters , and solar panel systems .
The eclipse was also detected by the Proba - 2’s LYRA ( Lyman Alpha Radiometer ) instrument , the first ultraviolet radiometer in space that employs diamond detectors .
LYRA will measure solar flares with an unprecedented rapid time resolution of 0.5 sec .
LYRA data will soon be feeding research investigations and space weather forecasts .
Proba - 2 was a secondary payload included on the launch of the SMOS mission , the Soil Moisture and Ocean Salinity Earth Explorer .
Source : ESA
Jim Burroway
We just received early this morning the full text of the proposed Anti-Homosexuality Bill that was introduced into Uganda ’s Parliament yesterday .
It is greatly expanded from the earlier draft dated April 20 , 2009 .
Like the earlier draft , the current bill reiterates a lifetime imprisonment on conviction of homosexuality , and defines a new category called “ aggravated homosexuality ” with provisions for the death penalty upon conviction .
Among the factors which can lead to “ aggravated homosexuality ” is if one partner is HIV - positive .
This bill would mandate HIV testing to determine eligibility for “ aggravated homosexuality . ”
Also like the earlier draft , the bill includes a complete ban on all LGBT activities — including blogging — which could be construed as “ promoting homosexuality . ”
This infringement on free speech , peaceful assembly , and redress of grievances marks the elimination of fundamental human rights for LGBT Ugandans .
The bill also bans all organizations which advocate on behalf of LGBT citizens and holds their leadership criminally liable with fines and imprisonment for up to seven years .
The bill also retains provisions which require that if someone knows that someone is engaging in homosexuality , that person is to report them to the police within twenty - four hours or face fines and / or up to a three year prison sentence themselves .
The bill also extends jurisdiction to acts committed outside Uganda by Ugandan citizens .
In other words , if a Ugandan citizen is known to be in a gay relationship outside the country , he will risk lifetime imprisonment ( or death , if he ’s HIV - positive ) upon his return .
The bill also provides for the extradition of citizens from abroad .
The bill also voids all treaties and international obligations which violate ” the spirit and provisions enshrined in this Act . ”
The new bill adds some additional provisions over the previous draft .
This bill adds the category of “ attempted homosexuality ” and provides a penalty of seven years in prison .
For “ attempted aggravated homosexuality , ” the penalty is lifetime imprisonment .
It also provides for compensation for “ victims ” of homosexuality , a provision in law which is sure to result in consensual partners turning against their partner to not only avoid the draconian legal penalties , but to claim the status of victim and seek compensation .
Further , the bill now adds an explicit ban on same - sex marriage .
Anyone who enters into a same - sex marriage , either in Uganda or abroad , will liable for a lifetime imprisonment .
New charges of “ aiding and abetting homosexuality ” and “ conspiracy to engage in homosexuality ” would carry a prison sentence of seven years .
There is also a new charge for operating a brothel , with a definition so broad as to include any hotel owner .
That , too , carries a prison sentence of seven years .
The original PDF of the document is here ( PDF : 847KB /16 pages ) , and the full text is provided below .
Click here to see BTB \ ’s complete coverage of recent anti-gay developments in Uganda .
THE ANTI HOMOSEXUALITY BILL .
2009 .
MEMORANDUM
1.1 . The principle
The object of this Bill is to establish a comprehensive consolidated legislation to protect the traditional family by prohibiting ( i ) any form of sexual relations between persons of the same sex ; and ( ii ) the promotion or recognition of such sexual relations in public institutions and other places through or with the support of any Government entity in Uganda or any non governmental organization inside or outside the country .
This Bill aims at strengthening the nation ’s capacity to deal with emerging internal and external threats to the traditional heterosexual family .
This legislation further recognizes the fact that same sex attraction is not an innate and immutable characteristic .
The Bill further aims at providing a comprehensive and enhanced legislation to protect the cherished culture of the people of Uganda .
legal , religious , and traditional family values of the people of Uganda against the attempts of sexual rights activists seeking to impose their values of sexual promiscuity on the people of Uganda .
There is also need to protect the children and youths of Uganda who are made vulnerable to sexual abuse and deviation as a result of cultural changes , uncensored information technologies , parentless child developmental settings and increasing attempts by homosexuals to raise children in homosexual relationships through adoption , foster care , or otherwise .
2.1. Defects
In existing law .
This proposed legislation is designed to fill the gaps in the provisions of other laws in Uganda e.g. the Penal Code Act Cap. 120 .
The Penal Code Act ( CapI20 ) has no comprehensive provision catering for anti homosexuality .
It focuses on unnatural offences under section 145 and lacks provisions for penalizing the procurement , promoting , disseminating literature and other pornographic materials concerning the offences of homosexuality hence the need for legislation to provide for charging , investigating , prosecuting , convicting and sentencing of offenders .
This legislation comes to complement and supplement the provisions of the Constitution of Uganda and the Penal Code Act Cap 120 by not only criminalizing same sex marriages but also same - sex sexual acts and other related acts .
3.0 . The objectives of the Bill
The objectives of the Bill are to :
( a ) provide for marriage in Uganda as that contracted only between a man and a woman ;
( b ) prohibit and penalize homosexual behavior and related practices in Uganda as they constitute a threat to the traditional family ;
( e ) prohibit ratification of any international treaties , conventions , protocols , agreements and declarations which are contrary or inconsistent with the provisions of this Act ;
( d ) prohibit the licensing of organizations which promote homosexuality .
3.1 . Part I of the Bill incorporating clause 1 provides for preliminary mailers relating to interpretation of the words and phrases used in the Bill .
3.2 . Part II of the Bill incorporating clause 2 to 6 prohibits homosexuality and related practices by introducing the offences of engaging
In homosexuality , and the penalties of imprisonment upon conviction .
This pan also provides for protection , assistance and support for victims of homosexuality .
3.3 . Part III of the Bill incorporating clause 7 to clause 14 creates offences and penalties for acts that promote homosexuality , failure to report the offence and impose a duty on the community to report suspected cases of homosexuality .
3.4 . Part IV of the Bill incorporating clause 15 to clause 17 provides for the jurisdiction of Uganda Courts in case of Homosexuality , including extra territorial jurisdiction .
3.5 . Part V of the Bill incorporating clauses 18 and 19 provides for miscellaneous provisions on International Treaties , Protocols .
Declarations and conventions and the Minister to make regulations to give effect to the Act .
Schedule of the Bill gives the value of the currency point .
HON DAVID BAHATI ,
Member of Parliament , Ndorwa County West Kabale .
THE ANTI HOMOSEXUALITY BILL , 2009 .
ARRANGEMENT OF CLAUSES .
PART I — PRELIMINARY
Clause
I. Interpretation .
PART ll - PROHIBITION OF HOMOSEXUALITY .
2 . The offence of homosexuality
3. Aggravated homosexuality .
4. Attempt to commit homosexuality .
5. Protection , assistance and payment of compensation to victims of homoseuxality
6. Confidentiality .
PART Ill — RELATED OFFENCES AND PENALTIES .
7. Aiding and abating homosexuality .
8. Conspiracy to engage in homosexuality .
9 . Procuring homosexuality .
by threats , etc .
10 . Detention with intent to commit homosexuality .
11 . Brothels .
12 . Same sex marriage .
13 . Promotion of homosexuality .
14 . Failure to disclose the offence .
PART IV — JURISDICTION .
15 . Jurisdiction .
16 . Extra-territorial Jurisdiction .
17 . Extradition .
PART V — MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS
18 . International treaties .
19 . Regulations .
Schedule
Currency point .
—
—
A BILL FOR AN ACT
ENTITLED
THE ANTI HOMOSEXUALITY ACT , 2009 .
An Act to prohibit any form of sexual relations between persons of the same sex ; prohibit the promotion or recognition of such relations and to provide for other related matters .
BE IT ENACTED by Parliament as follows :
PART I — PRELIMINARY .
1. Interpretation .
In this Act. unless the context otherwise requires —
“ authority ” means having power and control over other people because of your knowledge and official position ; and shall include a person who exercises religious .
political , economic or social authority ;
“ bisexual ” means a person who is sexually attracted to both males and females ;
“ child ” means a person below the age of 18 years :
“ currency point ” has the value assigned to it in the Schedule to this Act ;
“ disability ” means a substantial limitation of daily life activities caused by physical .
mental or sensory impairment and environment barriers resulting in limited participation ;
“ felony ” means an offence which is declared by law to be a felony or if not declared to be a misdemeanor is punishable without proof of previous conviction , with death or with imprisonment for 3 years or more . ;
“ gay ” ” means a male person who engages in sexual intimacy with another person of the same sex ;
“ ‘ gender ” ” means male or female ;
“ HIV ” means the Human Immunodeficiency Virus ;
“ homosexual ” ‘ means a person who engages or attempts to engage in same gender sexual activity ;
“ homosexuality ” ’ means same gender or same sex sexual acts ;
“ lesbian ” means a female who engages in sexual intimacy with another female ;
“ Minister ' ” means the Minister responsible for ethics and integrity ;
“ misdemeanor ” means an offence which is not a felony ;
“ serial offender ” means a person who has previous convictions of the offence of homosexuality or related offences ;
“ sexual act ” includes —
( a ) physical sexual activity that does not necessarily culminate in intercourse and may include the touching of another ’s breast , vagina , penis or anus :
( b ) stimulation or penetration of a vagina or mouth or anus or any part of the body of any person , however slight by a sexual organ ;
( c ) the unlawful use of any object or organ by a person on another person ’s sexual organ or anus or mouth ;
“ sexual organ ” means a vagina , penis or any artificial sexual contraption ;
“ touching ” includes touching —
( a ) with any part of the body ;
( b ) with anything else ;
( c ) through anything ;
and in particular includes touching amounting to penetration of any sexual organ .
anus or mouth .
“ victim ” includes a person who is involved in homosexual activities against his or her will .
PART II — HOMOSEXUALITY AND RELATED PRACTICES .
2 . The offence of homosexuality .
(1) A person commits the offence of homosexuality if -
( a ) he penetrates the anus or mouth of another person of the same sex with his penis or any other sexual contraption ;
( b ) he or she uses any object or sexual contraption to penetrate or stimulate sexual organ of a person of the same sex ;
( c ) he or she touches another person with the intention of committing the act of homosexuality .
(2) A person who commits an offence under this section shall be liable on conviction to imprisonment for life .
3. Aggravated homosexuality .
(1) A person commits the offense of aggravated homosexuality where the
( a ) person against whom the offence is committed is below the age of 18 years ;
( b ) offender is a person living with HIV ;
( c ) offender is a parent or guardian of the person against whom the offence is committed ;
( d ) offender is a person in authority over the person against whom the offence is committed ;
( e ) victim of the offence is a person with disability ;
( f ) offender is a serial offender , or
( g ) offender applies , administers or causes to be used by any man or woman any drug , matter or thing with intent to stupefy overpower him or her so as to there by enable any person to have unlawful carnal connection with any person of the same sex ,
(2) A person who commits the offence of aggravated homosexuality shall be liable on conviction to suffer death .
(3) Where a person is charged with the offence under this section , that person shall undergo a medical examination to ascertain his or her HIV status .
4 , Attempt to commit homosexuality .
(1) A person who attempts to commit the offence of homosexuality commits a felony and is liable on conviction to imprisonment seven years .
(2) A person who attempts to commit the offence of aggravated homosexuality commits an offence and is liable on conviction to imprisonment for life .
5. Protection , assistance and payment of compensation to victims of homosexuality .
( 1 ) A victim of homosexuality shall not be penalized for any crime commuted as a direct result of his or her involvement in homosexuality .
(2) A victim of homosexuality shall be assisted to enable his or her views and concerns to be presented and considered at the appropriate stages of the criminal proceedings .
(3) Where a person is convicted of homosexuality or aggravated homosexuality under sections 2 and 3 of this Act , the court may , in addition to any sentence imposed on the offender , order that the victim of the offence be paid compensation by the offender for any physical , sexual or psychological harm caused to the victim by the offence .
(4) The amount of compensation shall be determined by the court and the court shall take into account the extent of harm suffered by the victim of the offence .
the degree of force used by the offender and medical and other expenses incurred by the victim as a result of the offence .
6. Confidentiality .
(1) At any stage of the Investigation or trial of an offence under this Act , law enforcement officers , prosecutors , judicial officers and medical practitioners , as well as parties to the case , shall recognize the right to privacy of the victim .
(2) For the purpose of subsection ( I ) , in cases involving children and other cases where the court considers it appropriate .
proceedings of the court shall be conducted in camera , outside the presence of the media .
(3) Any editor or publisher , reporter or columnist in case of printed materials .
announcer or producer in case of television and radio , producer or director of a film to case of the movie industry .
or any person utilizing trimedia facilities or information technology who publishes or causes the publicity of the names and personal circumstances or any other information tending to establish the victim ’s identity without authority of court commits an offence and is liable on conviction to a fine not exceeding two hundred and fifty currency points .
7. Aiding and abating homosexuality
A person who aids , abets , counsels or procures another to engage in acts of homosexuality commits an offence and is liable on conviction to imprisonment for seven years .
8. Conspiracy to engage in homosexuality .
A person who conspires with another to induce another person of the same sex by any means of false pretence or other fraudulent means to permit any person of the same sex to have unlawful carnal knowledge of him or her commits an offence and is liable on conviction to imprisonment for seven years .
9 . Procuring homosexuality by threats , etc .
(1) A person who–
( a ) by threats or intimidation procures or attempts to procure any woman or man to have any unlawful carnal knowledge with any person of the same sex , either in Uganda or elsewhere ;
( b ) by false pretences or false representations procures any woman or man to have any unlawful carnal connection with any person of the same sex , either in Uganda or elsewhere ; or
(2) A person shall not be convicted of an offence under this section upon the evidence of one witness only , unless that witness is corroborated in some material particular by evidence implicating the accused .
10 . Detention with intent to commit homosexuality .
A person who detains another person with the intention to commit acts of homosexuality with him or herself or with any other person commits an offence and is liable on conviction for seven years .
11 . Brothels .
(1) A person who keeps a house , room , set of rooms or place of any kind for the purposes of homosexuality commits an offence and is liable on conviction to imprisonment for seven years .
2 ) A person being the owner or occupier of premises or having or acting or assisting in the management or control of the premises , induces or knowingly suffers any man or woman to resort to or be upon such premises for the purpose of being unlawfully and carnally known by any man or woman of the same sex whether such carnal knowledge is intended to be with any particular man or woman generally , commits a felony and is liable on conviction to imprisonment for five years .
12 . Same sex marriage .
A person who purports to contract a marriage with another person of the same sex commits the offence of homosexuality and shall be liable on conviction to imprisonment for life .
13 . Promotion of homosexuality .
(1) A person who —
( a ) participates in production , procuring , marketing , broadcasting , disseminating , publishing pornographic materials for purposes of promoting homosexuality ;
( b ) funds or sponsors homosexuality or other related activities ;
( c ) offers premises and other related fixed or movable assets for purposes of homosexuality or promoting homosexuality ;
( d ) uses electronic devices which include internet , films , mobile phones for purposes of homosexuality or promoting homosexuality and ;
( e ) who acts as an accomplice or attempts to promote or in any way abets homosexuality and related practices ;
commits an offence and is liable on conviction to a line of live thousand currency points or imprisonment of a minimum of five years and a maximum of seven years or both fine and imprisonment .
(2) Where the offender is a corporate body or a business or an association or a non-governmental organization , on conviction its certificate of registration shall be cancelled and the director or proprietor or promoter shall be liable on conviction to imprisonment for seven years .
14 . Failure to disclose the offence .
A person in authority , who being aware of the commission of any offence under this Act , omits to report the offence to the relevant authorities within twenty - four hours of having first had that knowledge , commits an offence and is liable on conviction to a fine not exceeding two hundred and fifty currency points or imprisonment not exceeding three years .
PART IV — JURISDICTION
15 . Jurisdiction .
Save for aggravated homosexuality that shall be tried by the High Court , the magistrates court shall have jurisdiction to try the other offences under this Act .
16 . Extra- Territorial Jurisdiction .
This
Act shall apply to offenses committed outside Uganda where —
( a ) a person who , while being a citizen of or permanently residing in Uganda , commits an act outside Uganda , which act would constitute an offence under this Act had it been committed in Uganda ; or
( b ) the offence was committed partly outside and or partly in Uganda .
17 . Extradition .
A person charged with an offence under this Act shall be liable to extradition under the existing extradition laws .
PART V — MISCELLANEOUS .
18 . Nullification of inconsistent international treaties , protocols , declarations and conventions .
(1) Any International legal instrument whose provisions are contradictory to the spirit and provisions enshrined in this Act , are null and void to the extent of their inconsistency .
(2) Definitions of “ sexual orientation ” , “ sexual rights ” , “ sexual minorities ” , “ gender identity ” shall not be used in anyway to legitimize homosexuality , gender identity disorders and related practices in Uganda .
19 . Regulations .
The Minister may , by statutory instrument .
make regulations generally for better carrying out the provisions of this Act .
SCHEDULE
One currency point is equivalent to twenty thousand shillings .
Click here to see BTB \ ’s complete coverage of recent anti-gay developments in Uganda .
# 575 (+ |-) ( Wertung : - 90 )
Albrecht Müller , SPD
Vor einer NRW - Wahl in den Achtzigern trafen sich die für die Wahlkampfplanung und umsetzung verantwortlichen Personen im Haus des Wahlkampfleiters der SPD in NRW .
Nach ausführlicher Debatte und Entscheidung zu verschiedenen Projekten des Wahlkampfes warf der NRW - Wahlkampfleiter noch ein besonderes Problem und eine Frage auf : Manfred Güllner von Forsa wolle wissen , was für ein Ergebnis bei der nächsten Umfrage für die NRW - SPD gewünscht werde - ein gutes Ergebnis , um den Mitzieheffekt , den Bandwaggon , auszulösen , oder ein schlechtes Ergebnis , um die Gefährdung der SPD - Führung im Land zu signalisieren und so die eigenen Anhänger zu mobilisieren .
An dieses Gespräch , von dem ich schon einmal berichtet hatte , muss ich immer wieder denken , wenn ich solche Umfragen und Kommentare von Forsa und Manfred Güllner wie bei stern .de lese .
Der Fairness halber muss ergänzt werden , dass Manfred Güllner und damals die SPD NRWs nicht alleine einschlägig tätig waren .
Schon 1965 konnte man erleben , dass das Institut aus Allensbach viel zu gute Ergebnisse für die SPD signalisierte - mit der klaren Absicht , das konservative Potenzial der Union voll zu mobilisieren , ihm Angst einzujagen vor der Ablösung der bis dahin schon 16 Jahre lang währenden Regierungsführung durch die Union .
Quelle : nachdenkseiten.de 10.09.2009 - Link
I opened my box to discover a more humanoid version of the reddit alien ( evidence of crossbreeding ? ) donning a secret santa hat .
He did not arrive alone .
He brought Tootsie Pops !
He will sit on my desk and remind me of the awesome time I had !
John Tierney relays today what seems like a very sensible idea from economist Ross McKitrick , tie a carbon tax to the temperature .
If the temperature rises the tax goes up , if the temperature does not rise ( as McKitrick , a climate change skeptic thinks ) the tax will stay at a low level .
Temperature of the troposphere would be measured by satellite at the equator and averaged over a period of time .
( More here and a more detailed version here ) .
In theory , both climate change proponents and skeptics ought to agree to this proposal , but I predict the proponents will object .
Addendum :
As predicted most of the objections ( in the comments ) are from climate change proponents .
In essence , they argue that the problem is so serious that we must act before the evidence is in .
Aside from the obvious epistemic problems with such a position do note that a ) this is a way of getting agreement where otherwise there might be none b ) the tax can be non-linear so it rises ( in Bayesian fashion ) with the strength of the evidence , i.e. the tax need not always lag .
Infowars.com
December 30 , 2009
Congressman Ron Paul gives his thoughts on Yemen , the attempted airline bombing , the motivations of Al Qaeda , the radicalization of the Middle East , and the negation of our liberties to government provided " security . "
“ The bigger the problem and the more the fear is built up , the more they take away our personal liberties and turn us all into zombies and the American people go along with it and say as long as it makes us safer I guess it ’s OK to go along but it ’s time the American people woke up and started realizing that there ’s a bit of propaganda going on and quite possibly this incident will not only undermine our personal liberties but will also accelerate our intervention and the violence occurring in the Middle East , ”
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Image
This photograph taken from television shows former British Prime Minister Tony Blair speaking before the Iraq War Inquiry on Friday in London .
Credit ... UKPB , via Agence France - Presse — Getty Images
A third of the seats in the gallery were assigned to relatives of the 179 British servicemen and women killed in Iraq in the six years of conflict that ended for Britain with the withdrawal of its last units in July last year .
Many of the family members told reporters afterward that they were bitterly disappointed not to have heard the former prime minister express some contrition over the conflict , or at least over the deaths of British troops .
The inquiry offered Mr. Blair a prominent platform to map out his version of a history that has brought much vilification in his own land .
He defended his close relationship with Mr. Bush , depicted by Mr. Blair ’s adversaries — and by some of his former aides in their testimony before the inquiry — as having involved a covert plan by Mr. Blair to circumvent hostile opinion both in Britain and at the United Nations .
“ This is n’t about a lie or a conspiracy or a deceit or a deception , ” Mr. Blair said .
“ It ’s a decision .
And the decision I had to take was , given Saddam ’s history , given his use of chemical weapons , given the over one million people whose deaths he had caused , given 10 years of breaking U.N. resolutions , could we take the risk of this man reconstituting his weapons program or is that a risk it is responsible to take ? ”
Taut and ill at ease at the outset of his testimony , Mr. Blair quickly caught his rhythm , and rode out a series of impatient thrusts by members of the inquiry panel , effectively dominating the hearing .
He offered no apology for joining President Bush in toppling Mr. Hussein , saying repeatedly he thought it was in the best interests of Britain and the world .
Image Police watched protests outside the Iraq Inquiry on Friday in London .
Credit ...
Peter Macdiarmid / Getty Images
“ The decision I took — and frankly would take again — was : if there was any possibility that he could develop weapons of mass destruction , we would stop him .
It was my view then and that is my view now , ” he said .
Jobs in Logic and Philosophy of Logic
Postdoctoral Fellow
Assistant , Associate , or Full Professor
Dean of the Division of Arts & Humanities in the College of Letters and Science
Postdoctoral Scholar at The Humanities and Social Change Center
Izaak Walton Killam Memorial Postdoctoral Fellowship
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
An attack on Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi on Sunday was premeditated , Italy 's interior minister , Roberto Maroni , has said .
Mr Maroni said the suspect , named as Massimo Tartaglia , had been " developing a rage " against the PM " for some time " .
Mr Berlusconi , 73 , suffered a broken nose , cuts and two broken teeth after being hit with a model of Milan cathedral after a rally in the city .
He is to leave hospital on Wednesday with orders to rest , his doctor said .
The prime minister 's personal physician Alberto Zangrillo told journalists on Tuesday that Mr Berlusconi had been ordered not to carry out " important " public activities for two weeks .
Mr Berlusconi has already cancelled plans to attend the UN climate summit in Copenhagen .
Italian media reaction
In pictures : Attack on Berlusconi Berlusconi bloodied but unbowed " Physically , he is eating normally , but with a bit of difficulty , " Mr Zangrillo said .
" In terms of morale , it 's still a matter of concern ... but he is showing signs of recovery . "
He said the prime minister had spent " a quiet night " at the San Raffaele hospital in Milan .
Mr Maroni said the assailant had been in the square in Milan for some hours ahead of Mr Berlusconi 's arrival " to prepare for his mad action " .
" He was equipped with pepper spray and also a resin crucifix , " he said .
" He had been developing a rage against the prime minister for some time . "
Mr Maroni said the attacker did n't belong to any political group and described him as unmarried and suffering from " paranoia " .
He said an investigation into the incident had been launched .
The attack led to criticism of the security surrounding Mr Berlusconi , but Mr Maroni said police check every area visited by the prime minister well in advance .
The minister also commented on Italian media reports that two members of the public had warned police of Mr Tartaglia 's behaviour before the attack .
He said the two had been interviewed and they had only reported " a mad person who was disturbing passers - by " .
Earlier , lawyers for Mr Tartaglia , who reportedly has a history of mental illness , said he had apologised for his " cowardly and rash act " .
The alabaster model , similar to this one , was flung from close range " I do n't recognise myself , " Mr Tartaglia said in a letter which his lawyers took to the hospital where Mr Berlusconi is being treated .
Mr Berlusconi was signing autographs in a crowd of people when the object - described by Mr Maroni as an alabaster model - struck him full in the face .
Amid chaotic scenes he was bundled into a car , his face bloodied , and driven to hospital .
Mr Zangrillo said the prime minister had lost half a litre ( one pint ) of blood in the attack .
Messages of goodwill for Mr Berlusconi have been left around the gates of the San Raffaele hospital .
One banner left by supporters of AC Milan football club - of which Mr Berlusconi is president - said " Forza Presidente " ( Go President ) .
The attack on Italy 's often controversial prime minister has caused deep shock in Italy .
The BBC's Steve Rosenberg , in Milan , says politicians on the left and right are accusing each other of creating an atmosphere of hate in which the attack was made possible .
Since the incident , pages on social networking sites praising the attacker have been joined by thousands of people .
Mr Maroni accused them of " inciting hostility " towards Mr Berlusconi and said the government was considering taking legal action against them .
In October , Italian officials opened an inquiry into a Facebook group called " Let 's kill Berlusconi " , which had more than 16,000 members .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
PASADENA , Calif. — Stephen Colbert : Olympic saviour or jerk ?
For some , it 's the burning Olympic issue of the day , little more than a month before the Winter Games are underway in Vancouver .
For others , it 's a welcome distraction in a Winter Olympics that , for many television viewers in the United States , revolves around peculiar sports like the biathlon , skeleton and short - track speedskating .
In an uneven , seemingly disembodied news conference via satellite with reporters Sunday at the winter meeting of the TV Critics Association , NBC Olympic veterans Bob Costas , Al Michaels , Mary Carillo and NBC Universal Sports & Olympics chairman Dick Ebersol laid out their plans for the network 's coverage of the Winter Olympics for a U.S. audience .
The news conference was oddly subdued and predictable — the Games will look spectacular in high - definition video ; Carillo is happy with Vancouver 's TV - friendly time zone , etc. — until a reporter from Canwest News Service raised the spectre of Colbert .
The late - night funnyman , host of the Emmy Award winning satirical news program The Colbert Report , has publicly adopted the U.S. speedskating team as his personal mascot after Dutch bank DSB — the team 's primary sponsor — went bankrupt .
Colbert has helped raised funds for the team on his Colbert Nation website , and was the focus of a recent Sports Illustrated cover story emblazoned with the heading " Stephen Colbert saves the Olympics . "
Colbert has indulged in a litany of tongue - in - cheek Canada - bashing on The Colbert Report , dubbing Canucks " syrup suckers " and playfully accusing Vancouver Olympic skating officials of playing fast - and - loose with the rules and the concept of fair play .
Colbert 's lively sense of fun did n't sit well with U.S. speedskating star Shani Davis , who has been training at the Olympic speed - skating venue in Calgary , site of the 1988 Winter Games .
Davis , asked last month for his take on the mock pundit 's roughshod treatment of Canada and Canadians in particular , famously replied : " He 's a jerk , " then added , " You can put that in the paper . "
Saviour or jerk , which is it ?
" He is not a jerk , " Costas said , with a straight face .
" He 's a genius . "
Costa has been an occasional guest on The Colbert Report in the past , where he learned to appreciate the cut and thrust of Colbert 's candour in conversation .
The truth can hurt , and so can truthiness .
" I 've long been a fan , " Costas said .
" I do n't know that the Olympics needs saving but it certainly gets a boost from Stephen Colbert .
Shani Davis is mistaken . "
Carillo described Davis as a speed - skating phenomenon , but Colbert is " hilarious , " she said .
" I can not imagine our friends up north taking anything he says too seriously . "
" Remember , " Costas added , deadpan .
" Speedskating lacked the requisite trash talk that distinguishes most modern sports , until Stephen came along . "
Ebersol , NBC's Olympic chairman and executive producer since 1998 , credited Colbert 's business acumen and sense of timing .
" I think he has the most astute marketing mind on the entire planet , " Ebersol said .
" He did n't put up a dime of his own money .
He pledged he would raise more than $ 300,000 to erase the deficit of the U.S. Speedskating Association .
It 's a great marketing opportunity , and God bless them .
I hope they run with it all through the Games .
" As a matter of fact , I 'm a guest on Colbert next week . "
Better bring his wallet , then .
U.S. cash only , please .
None of that Canadian funny money .
Colbert — the mock - pundit Colbert and not the real Colbert — would n't stand for it .
The Olympics air Feb. 12 to Feb. 28 on NBC in the U.S. , and on CTV and TSN in Canada .
CARACAS ( Reuters ) - Venezuelan cable providers , responding to government orders , stopped showing a station on Sunday critical of President Hugo Chavez that the left - wing leader pushed off free - access television in 2007 .
An opponent of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez holds a placard that reads " Chavez , you are striked out " during a rally in Caracas January 23 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Cable networks halted RCTV Internacional after the government said the station was not following broadcast regulations that include showing Chavez ’s speeches .
Venezuela ’s cable industry organization said in a press release that RCTV along with several other stations “ had been temporarily excluded from the programing schedule ” because they “ had not complied with the regulations in place . ”
Public Works Minister Diosdado Cabello said on Saturday that cable networks ’ programing could only include stations that obey the Venezuelan broadcast law , which also includes restrictions on adult content and foul language at certain hours .
Chavez in 2007 denied RCTV a renewal of its broadcast license , accusing the station of participating in a 2002 coup .
During that coup , networks showed nonstop footage of anti-Chavez protests leading up to his brief ouster but turned cameras off when loyalists restored him .
Global press freedom groups and the U.S. government , which have accused Chavez of seeking to limit free speech , condemned the decision to take RCTV off free - access TV .
The station in turn created a cable - based “ international ” station based in Miami to avoid content restrictions .
But the government determined that station was still subject to broadcast restrictions because most of its content was produced in Venezuela .
“ ( The measure ) is meant to silence the voice of protest of the Venezuelan people in the face of the failure of the government ’s administration , ” RCTV said in a statement earlier this week .
Chavez faces growing criticism over shortages of power and water and a sharp currency devaluation this month that could accelerate the country ’s soaring inflation .
He has boosted pro-government broadcasting in recent years by creating several state - funded television networks including the Telesur channel , meant to be a Latin American leftist counterpart to CNN .
April 15 , 2009 - This is the full audio and radar video of this event - In what can only be called a miracle , several air traffic controllers in Southern Florida helped in trying to guide a twin engine plane to a landing after its pilot died .
A passenger had to fly the aircraft all during a heavy traffic push due to the holiday .
The Golden Elder - Geek Game of the Year Award is awarded to the Elder - Geek.com ’s favorite games , the game makers and the members of the game media that particularly made our year .
It ’s a very personal award , as one comes from each member of the staff , but that ’s what makes this award so special .
These are the games that made us proud of our favorite hobby .
They made us happy to be gamers .
They changed the way we look at video games as a whole .
Without further ado , here are our 2009 untouchables .
— — — — —
Jesse Baguchinsky
My Golden EGGY has to go to Atari for publishing Ghostbusters The Video Game after Activision dropped it .
Not only did the game continue the story of the Ghostbusters , but it also made you feel like a Ghostbuster .
I followed this game from the videos of game developer Zootfly ’s independent version , through the news of most of the original cast coming back to do the voice work , and all the way up to the release ( which I pre-ordered and bought on day one ) .
If Ghostbusters did not get another publisher after Activision dropped it , a great game following the events of two even greater movies would have been lost .
— — — — —
Kristie Barber
I , Kristie Barber , staff writer at Elder - Geek.com , hereby bestow the award of Golden EGGY to The Legend of Zelda : Spirit Tracks .
This honor has been granted due to considerable advances in game play , as well as exceptional new characters .
Previously , I had been worried that Spirit Tracks would be Phantom Hourglass with a train .
But instead , it utilizes new functions of the DS and changed familiar elements enough that they feel new .
Also , the choice to use Princess Zelda as the companion character was brilliant .
There is no longer an annoying fairy following you around , instead you have a character that can be controlled and adds a new depth to the level progression .
Overall , Spirit Tracks offers a fresh spin on a familiar and beloved game , and for that , I call it the Game of the Year .
— — — — —
Sela Davis
This year there was very little question in my mind : I have to give a Golden EGGY to The Path by Tale of Tales .
I ’m fascinated by art games and experimental games , and I love the idea of using an interactive experience to drive home emotion .
The Path turned out to be everything I wanted and more .
I found myself lost in the world , disturbed by my playthroughs , and incredibly inspired by the entire experience .
It was by far the game that has influenced me most in 2009 , and I keep seeing more and more fantastic things out of Tale of Tales .
Keep it up !
— — — — —
Patrick Feng
The developers at Rocksteady Studios have indeed surprised us with Batman : Arkham Asylum in 2009 .
The phenomenal graphics , controls , game play , storyline , and voice acting combined to make a great game and purist comic translation .
What impressed me immensely was the fact that this game did not stray away from the soul of the Batman comics or model itself after the various Batman films , which was the trap that many unfortunate superhero games have fallen into .
Its combination of stealth and in - your - face combat made Batman : Arkham Asylum true to the nature of Batman .
Therefore , the Golden EGGY goes to the developers of Rocksteady .
Great work , guys !
— — — — —
Gavin Greene
I once again split my EGGY , my positive one to be separated into the hundreds of pieces needed to give every exhibitor , presenter , and attendee of E3 this year their share .
The Electronic Entertainment Expo was back to its old self again this year , and representing Elder - Geek there was the highest point of my gaming career yet .
Both exhibition halls of the LA Convention Center were filled to the brim with the most tantalizing displays and gigantic announcements .
Opening its doors to a limited public allowed for people all over the world to come and experience the joys of our industry , the spectacle of the amassed trailers , booth babes , and hands - on demonstrations is an experience all gamers must have at some point .
It ’s good to have the big guy back .
— — — — —
Eliot Hagen
I ’m obligated to give my Golden EGGY to Atlus .
They continue to publish all the JRPG I need and they single - handedly kept my DS from gathering dust this year with fantastic games like Super Robot Taisen OG Saga : Endless Frontier .
And , of course , they ’re responsible for the masochist - fest known as Demon ’s Souls , which I continue to play despite being brutally beaten time and again .
They ’re also one of the few legitimate companies still considering the PS2 as a viable platform , with Devil Summoner 2 coming out this year and they continue to bundle their games with soundtracks and other goodies .
I look forward to Strange Journey and hope that we can eventually see a PS3 Shin Megami Tensei in the near future .
— — — — —
Vincent Lam
I ’m giving the Golden EGGY award to Gearbox for releasing Borderlands this holiday season despite it being a new IP and not following all other developers ’ footsteps by releasing their games during Q1 2010 in fear of Infinity Ward ’s Modern Warfare 2 .
Well renowned video game analyst Michael Patcher stated before its release that it was “ set to die ” being released in the middle of a cluttered holiday release schedule .
Borderlands has disproved this by selling 2 million copies and rising .
— — — — —
Robin Meijer
My Golden EGGY for 2009 goes to Gearbox Software for developing Borderlands this year .
Amidst all the violence that has been going on between the AAA - titles such as ACII , Uncharted , CoD , DA: O and L4D2 , Borderlands has probably not received all the attention it deserved .
However , Gearbox has managed to perfectly merge a FPS with RPG - style talent trees and loot systems .
Is this the first time this has been done ?
No… probably not , but it is the first time that it really works .
I would therefore like to give this award to Gearbox , for innovating to the FPS genre a little ( I expect other developers will pick up and expand this idea ) and having the guts to release this game during a time in which some of the biggest games of all time are released .
— — — — —
Kipp Pietrantonio
My Golden E.G.G.Y. goes to Scribblenauts developer 5th Cell for pure dedication to something I would have said was impossible a year ago .
This new game dynamic is beyond imaginative , it is the implementation of innovation itself into a game .
The fact that I can almost type in anything into this game shows 5th Cell ’s dedication , hard work , and creativity .
This game sets a new standard for what is possible on a game , and oddly enough it occurred on the least powerful of all the consoles .
I look forward to what will come in the future from this trend setting company .
Great work 5th Cell !
— — — — —
Landry Walker
I ’m giving this award to …
Magic the Gathering : Duels of the Planeswalkers .
Is it the best of 2009 ?
Not really .
But best is a subjective concept largely dependent upon individual tastes and circumstance .
I happen to be in a long distance relationship with a girl who is n’t really a gamer .
It turns out there are surprisingly few options available for online interaction with someone who gravitates towards more casual game play .
Planeswalkers is fairly simple to dive into , it recreates the original card game experience fairly well and the random factor ( combined with recent DLC ) adds a lot of replayability .
Best of all , it ’s a versus type game my wife can consistently and completely humiliate me in .
I mean , that ’s best for her .
For me that part is n’t so great .
Anyway , if it were n’t for the reasons listed above , I ’d totally pick Batman .
Batman is awesome .
— — — — —
Randy Yasenchak
This year , I ’m giving my Golden EGGY to Tale of Tales for their work with The Path .
Not only was The Path the single scariest game of the year , but it was the best independent game , and it was put together by the the most creative independent developer in the business .
In the year where the “ horror genre ” has taken a back seat , Tale of Tales redefined psychological fear in their retelling of Red Riding Hood .
While larger companies were cranking out more and more of the same thing , Tale of Tales shook the snow globe a little to see what else they could kick up into the sky .
Their black little snowflake exceeded every one of my expectations .
They pushed the envelope further for what can be considered as art , for what can be considered as a video game , and for what is frightening .
Thank you , Tale of Tales .
A Nevada district court judge threw out a proposed " personhood " state ballot measure arguing the language is " too general " and the measure too sweeping .
A Nevada district court judge threw out a proposed " personhood " state ballot measure Friday arguing that the language is " too general in nature . "
District Judge James
Russell further ruled that the initiative which seeks to extend constitutional protections to fertilized eggs has sweeping implications for reproductive health care and thus violates state law which limits initiatives to a single subject .
" There ’s no way for the voter to understand the effects of the initiative , " Russell said .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Silver State anti-choice activists have been pushing a constitutional amendment that proposed to upend the law with a scant 14 - word sentence : " In the great state of Nevada , the term ” person ’ applies to every human being . "
Critics charge the hazy wording was meant to shadow its true intent to ban abortion , contraception , in - vitro fertilization and embryonic stem cell research .
Michael Brooks , the attorney for Personhood Nevada , countered that " the proposal was not vague , and that ‘ any eight - year - old ’ could understand it , " according to an account by the Riverside , Calif. , Press - Enterprise .
" This is far beyond the isolated issue of abortion , " he said .
" Just because it ’s broad does n’t mean it ’s vague .
" We ’re not trying to hide the ball , " he said .
Brooks said the intent was to protect the " dignity " of human life , and that any rulings as to how the amendment effected other areas of law would be up to future courts to decide .
He cited human experiments conducted by the Nazis and slavery as the need for defining all people as human beings .
Taking a decidedly less bombastic approach , ACLU of Nevada attorney Lee Rowland argued on behalf of Planned Parenthood of Nevada and three plaintiffs that the constitutional amendment would have broad repercussions for reproductive health .
She refuted the so - called simplicity of the language as a legal nightmare .
The judge agreed with Rowland ruling that the petition language did n’t meet the test of state ballot law .
It has " complex implications . " said Russell .
" Today ’s decision rightfully prevents this sweeping and misleading initiative from being placed on the 2010 ballot , ” said Rowland in a prepared statement by the ACLU and Nevada Advocates of Planned Parenthood Affiliates following the ruling .
“ This initiative could have impacted literally thousands of laws , inviting lawyers and the courts to reinterpret every Nevada law and regulation that contains the word ‘ person ’ all at the expense of Nevada taxpayers .
The key problem is that it covered too many issues , and failed to explain to voters its intent and impact on Nevada law . "
The legal defeat is a first for personhood activists who narrowly skirted similar court challenges over vague language in Colorado in 2007 and Montana a year later .
After getting the go - ahead by the Colorado Supreme Court , activists successfully petitioned the first - in - the - nation measure on to the ballot only to be defeated in a 73 - 27 landslide .
The Montana group was unable to reach its petition signature threshold .
Both state groups are collecting petitions for another run at the ballot in 2010 along with 37 other states , according to Personhood USA , the Denver - based national group that rose from the ashes of the 2008 Colorado loss .
How the other far - flung campaigns are proceeding is unclear .
The state Web sites are rarely updated and accurate financial information is difficult , if not impossible , to obtain .
Personhood USA posted an urgent fundraising request on its Web site late in the day Dec. 31 stating that it " must raise $ 60,000 this week to invest in Mississippi and Colorado to ensure ballot access . "
Both states have fast approaching mid-February petition deadlines .
The most recent efforts in Colorado have been marked by poor fundraising , little press attention and an ugly falling out with a previously allied group , American Right to Life Action .
The Personhood Mississippi push has been rocked by on - going confusion over ballot deadlines and a well - under - the - radar campaign .
Nsombi Lambright , executive director of the ACLU of Mississippi , said the group appears to be working on a parallel legislative effort with a constitutional amendment that will require a two - thirds vote of the general assembly to place the initiative on the ballot should the petition effort fail .
Lambright said she is n’t detecting any enthusiasm among state lawmakers to wade into a protracted and highly contentious process to approve a personhood amendment .
She does n’t expect it to get far .
But the fight is still on for the Nevada coeterie despite today ’s setback — even without the support of three prominent conservative groups that denounced the personhood movement as a distraction , if not harmful , to the overall anti-abortion cause .
Olaf Vancura of Personhood Nevada told the Las Vegas Sun the group plans to appeal Russell ’s decision to the Nevada Supreme Court .
UPDATE : 01-11-10 , 3:30 PM
EST
In a written statement .
Personhood USA legal analyst Gualberto Garcia - Jones said he " was disturbed by the Judge ’s comments .
‘ Judge Russell is being disingenuous . ’ and abusing his power by jumping the gun by prejudging the effect of the law . "
Garcia - Jones is also leading a reprised petition process for the Colorado ballot measure that lost in 2008 by a 46 - point margin .
Garcia - Jones claims the 14 - word ballot text is supported by a 200 - word description that critics argue , and the judge concurred , is as convoluted as the title :
The Nevada constitution states , ” No person shall be deprived of life , liberty or property without due process of law . “
Currently , some Nevadans are deprived of their inalienable civil rights , specifically their fundamental right to live , due to an arbitrary and discriminatory distinction between person and human being .
While the state has no authority to grant inalienable rights , it has the obligation to protect them .
This amendment therefore applies the term “ person ” to every human being .
‘ Human being ’ includes everyone possessing a human genome specific for an individual member of the human species , from the beginning of his or her biological development , without discrimination as to age , health , reproduction method , function , physical or mental dependency , or cognitive ability .
This amendment benefits all Nevadans by guaranteeing , as envisioned by our founding fathers , that no one shall be deprived of life , liberty or property without due process of law .
It eliminates discrimination against Nevadans at the beginning of life and prohibits state intrusion in end of life decisions .
This amendment codifies the inalienable right to life for everyone , young or old , healthy or ill , conscious or unconscious , born or unborn .
It assures protection and dignity to our children , our infirmed and our seniors .
Olaf Vancura , who is leading the Nevada personhood initiative campaign , echoed the shaky legal and ethical premise that zygote freedoms are the next great civil rights struggle since the 1857 U.S. Supreme Court Dred Scott decision .
“ Civil rights initiatives , by their nature , tend to have broad scope , yet are still a single subject issue .
Under the logic and precedent of this court , ANY civil rights initiative brought forth by the people of this great state will be struck down as overly broad , " Vancura groused .
The government 's former chief scientific adviser is calling for a climate scientist to be given a seat on the Bank of England 's monetary policy committee , saying the bank currently operates without regard for the environment .
The proposal today from Sir David King , scientific adviser under Tony Blair and Gordon Brown , is known to have the support in principle of some MPC members .
King also criticises the Treasury under Alistair Darling , saying " it is pulling in the wrong direction " and not doing enough to promote a green economy .
Writing in Prospect magazine , King lambasts the Treasury " for a wasted opportunity " , saying it was " shaming and frustrating " that only 10 % of its economic stimulus package could be classified as green .
" Most of that money could have been directed into low - carbon projects , such as energy - efficiency boosts for our ageing housing stock .
This also would put unemployed construction workers back to work , " he writes .
He points out that South Korea committed 80 % of its stimulus money to low - carbon growth and China managed 50 % .
He suggests that in Britain : " At best , the Treasury sees carbon reduction as a distraction from their primary focus : GDP growth , reducing unemployment and raising productivity .
At worst , they follow the Nigel Lawson school : that even if climate change is real , we should let pure markets operate to solve it .
" The same is sadly often true for central bankers , who rarely even consider carbon as an important by - product of a stable money supply and low inflation " .
He writes that the only effective international response to the threat of climate change is market intervention through a global carbon price .
But at a national level , effective government interventions to reduce carbon can be undone by monetary policy including the setting of interest rates very low to stimulate growth .
" The problem is that any big levers the government might support – carbon pricing , long - term rules forcing more renewables and nuclear energy into the grid , much higher road tax and congestion charges – could be partially undone by the Bank if monetary policy is used to push for less sustainable patterns of growth . "
He suggests the current arms - length climate change committee , chaired by Lord Turner , should be relocated to the Bank .
Traditionally , the Bank has been wary of anything that might dilute its aim of targeting inflation .
But MPC members such as Andrew Sentance , who is on the green fiscal commission , could be interested in discussing King 's ideas .
Home » Records » Land Below Sea Level
Land Below Sea Level
By David K. Lynch , Thule Scientific
Introduction : Dozens of land areas of the Earth sit below current sea level .
The lowest land area is the shoreline of the Dead Sea Depression in Israel , Jordan and Syria .
It is approximately 413 meters or 1355 feet below sea level .
The largest below - sea - level depression by surface area is the Caspian Depression of Kazakhstan and Russia .
It has an area of approximately 200,000 square kilometers or 77,000 square miles of land below sea level .
The ten lowest areas on Earth are listed below .
We also have a list of 33 countries where land below sea level occurs .
What Causes Below - Sea -Level Depressions ?
Most major depressions are associated with tectonic plate boundaries .
They form when converging plates deform or when spreading centers open .
A few are volcanic in origin .
Most of these depressions are in the northern hemisphere for a good reason : this is where most of the land is and where most of the plate boundaries occur .
Many are found in the vicinity of where the African , Arabian and Eurasian plates meet .
Most are found in hot desert regions of the planet where high evaporation rates prevent them from filling with water .
A few are found in high temperature climates .
Many well - populated places in the world are below sea level .
About a third of the Netherlands including Schiphol Airport is below sea level .
So too are the Jordan River and parts of many coastal cities including New Orleans and Bangkok , Thailand .
Other regions below sea level are the Enriquillo - Cul de Sac Depression ( Haiti and Dominican Republic ) , Chott Melrhir Depression ( Algeria ) , Sebkhet Shunayn and Sabkhat Ghuzayyil ( Libya ) , Shatt al Gharsah ( Tunisia ) , Lammefjord ( Denmark ) , Sebkha Tah ( Morocco ) , Hachiro - gata ( Japan ) , Sariqarnish Kuli ( Uzbekistan ) , The Fens ( UK ) and Lake Eyre , Australia .
Of the two hundred and fifty five recognized countries or protectorates in the world , 33 have land below sea level .
Most of these are only a few meters down .
Some below - sea - level depressions are dry , most others have salt lakes .
The lakes are undrained , which means water flows in but does not flow out .
Since water cannot flow up hill , the lakes cannot empty into the sea like most do and so they accumulate salt ( halite ) as their waters evaporate .
Where does the salt originate ?
Some of it comes from ancient sea floor salt deposits that have been uplifted then weather and release the salt which reaches the depressions via rivers .
Many other rocks weather to yield sodium and chlorine ions that are carried to the lake by rivers .
The Sea of Galilee ( Israel ) is below sea level but is a freshwater lake because it drains into the Dead Sea through the Jordan River .
Owing to variations in rainfall , evaporation rates , and human water use , most of the lake levels fluctuate from year to year .
Some have come and gone in historic times .
The present Salton Sea ( California , USA ) was produced by a canal construction accident in 1905 , though the lake has come and gone naturally many times in the last thousand years .
The lowest exposed land on Earth is at the Dead Sea shore , at - 413 meters .
The deepest lake bottom in a below - sea - level depression also belongs to the Dead Sea at - 750 meters .
Lake Baikal in Russia is at an elevation of 447 meters , but with a maximum depth of 1637 meters , its bottom lies at - 1190 meters .
The Bentley Subglacial Trench in Antarctica reaches 2555 meters below sea level .
It is the lowest point on Earth that is not covered by ocean , although it is covered by ice .
The trench is huge , roughly the size of Mexico .
The deepest point on the ocean floors is - 10,916 meters in the Mariana Trench .
Trenches are the upper most parts of subduction zones and there are dozens of trench locations that are more than 5000 meters below sea level .
Strictly speaking , most of the surface of the Earth is below sea level because oceans cover 71 % of the planet .
But sea level varies and during the Great Ice Age 18,000 years ago , sea level was 130 meters lower .
Today , large areas are under water that during the Great Ice Age were well above sea level .
It is also likely that long ago and far into the future , plate tectonics will produce higher mountains and deeper trenches and depressions than we have today .
The Ten Depressions with the Lowest Dry Land
1 ) Dead Sea Depression -
The lowest point on Earth Elevation : 413 meters below sea level ( approximate and fluctuating ) Country : Israel , Jordan , Syria Latitude / Longitude : 31°32′N 35°29 ′E
The Dead Sea Depression is an extensive area of land that is below sea level .
It contains the Dead Sea , the Sea of Galilee , a portion of the Jordan River , large areas of cultivated land and many communities .
The shoreline of the Dead Sea is the lowest dry land on Earth .
It is approximately 413 meters below sea level .
However , this elevation is constantly changing .
The surface of the Dead Sea rises and falls as precipitation , evaporation , irrigation , salt production and other natural and human activities consume the water of the Jordan River , the Dead Sea and its tributaries .
2) Lake Assal ( in the Afar Depression ) Elevation : 155 meters below sea level ( approximate and fluctuating ) Country : Djibouti Latitude / Longitude : 11°39 ′N 42°25 ′E
The shoreline of Lake Assal is the lowest point in Africa and the second lowest location on Earth .
Lake Assal is located in the Afar Depression which is formed at a triple junction of tectonic plates ( Indian , African and Arabian ) .
The relative motion of these plates produces a divergence that results in a lowering of Earth 's surface .
Lake Assal 's water emerges from springs which are believed to be fed by groundwater flow from the Gulf of Tadjoura .
This water evaporates rapidly because the climate there is one of the hottest and driest on Earth .
This high evaporation rate makes Lake Assal the saltiest body of water on Earth .
3 ) Turfan Depression Elevation : 154 meters below sea level ( approximate and fluctuating ) Country : China Latitude / Longitude : 42°40 ′N 89°14′E
The Turfan Basin is a below sea level area in the Xinjiang Autonomous Region of western China .
The lowest part of the basin is occupied by Aydingkol Lake .
The shoreline of Aydingkol Lake is the third lowest location on Earth .
The area is very hot and very dry ( it is referred to as one of the " Furnaces of China " ) and the potential for evaporation far exceeds the amount of annual precipitation .
( The shoreline of Aydingkol Lake and the shoreline of Lake Assal are very close to the same elevation and they are both constantly changing .
These areas are in close contention for the second and third lowest areas below sea level . )
4 ) Qattara Depression Elevation : 133 meters below sea level ( approximate ) Country : Egypt Latitude / Longitude : 29°32′N 27°07′E
The Qattara Depression is located in the Libyan Desert of northwestern Egypt .
At 133 meters below sea level it is the second lowest point in Africa .
The depression has no settlements and other than nomadic herders it supports no commercial activity .
5 ) Karagiye Depression Elevation : 132 meters below sea level ( approximate ) Country : Kazakhstan Latitude / Longitude : 43°27′N 51°45 ′E
The Karagiye Depression is located in southwestern Kazakhstan .
It has an elevation of approximately 132 meters below sea level .
6 ) Denakil Depression ( in the Afar Depression ) Elevation : 125 meters below sea level Country : Ethiopia Latitude / Longitude : 13°16 ′N 40°54′E
The Denakil Depression is a low area within the Afar Depression of Ethiopia .
The Afar Depression is formed at a triple junction of tectonic plates ( Indian , African and Arabian ) .
The relative motions of the plates produce a divergence that results in the Denakil Depression .
7 ) San Julían 's Great Depression Elevation : 105 meters below sea level Country : Argentina Latitude / Longitude : 49°35 ′S 68°20 ′W
San Julian 's Great Depression is located in southeastern Argentina .
It is the lowest land location in both the Western and Southern Hemispheres .
The deepest part is Laguna del Carbón , at approximately 105 meters below sea level .
The area has abundant salt marshes .
8 ) Death Valley Elevation : 86 meters below sea level Country : USA Latitude / Longitude : 36°51 ′N 117°17 ′W
Death Valley is the location of the lowest land elevation in the United States .
It is a north - south trending valley between the Amargosa Range on the east and the Panamint Range on the west .
Death Valley is part of the Basin and Range Physiographic Province where north - south trending valleys are bounded on both sides by normal faults .
The north and south ends of the valley are formed by the Sylvania Mountains and the Owlshead Mountains .
The valley is one of the hottest locations in the United States .
The record high temperature for the United States was measured there in 1913 at 134 °F ( 56.7 °C ) .
Death Valley gets very little rain and the deepest part of the valley is generally dry .
However , heavy rains can cause flash floods that produce a large lake in the bottom of the valley .
9 ) Akdzhakaya Depression Elevation : 81 meters below sea level Country : Turkmenistan Latitude / Longitude : 41°02′N 58°18 ′E
The Akdzhakaya Depression is located in north central Turkmenistan .
It is a very arid area located in the Karakum Desert .
10 ) Salton Trough Elevation : 69 meters below sea level Country : USA , Mexico Latitude / Longitude : 33°19 ′N 115°50 ′W
The Salton Trough is the second lowest depression in the United States .
The lowest land in the Salton Trough is along the shoreline of the Salton Sea .
The lake level is approximately 69 meters below sea level ; however , the lake rises and falls in response to runoff from the New , Whitewater and Alamo Rivers plus some agricultural runoff .
The bottom of the Salton Sea is about two meters higher than the bottom of Death Valley .
*
The elevations listed are approximate .
For many of these depressions the lowest point is the shoreline of a lake where water levels rise and fall in elevation in response to rainfall , evaporation , use of water by humans and many other factors .
CIA Factbook .
Thirty - Three Countries with Land Areas Below Sea Level Country Below Sea Level Location Elevation Israel
Dead Sea shoreline
408 meters below sea level Jordan
Dead Sea shoreline
408 meters below sea level Syria
unnamed location near Lake Tiberias
200 meters below sea level Djibouti Lac Assal shoreline 155 meters below sea level China Turpan Pendi 154 meters below sea level Egypt Qattara Depression 133 meters below sea level Kazakhstan Vpadina Kaundy 132 meters below sea level Ethiopia Denakil Depression 125 meters below sea level Argentina Laguna del Carbon 105 meters below sea level United States Death Valley 86 meters below sea level Eritrea near Kulul within the Denakil Depression
75 meters below sea level Morocco Sebkha Tah 55 meters below sea level Western Sahara Sebjet Tah 55 meters below sea level Libya Sabkhat Ghuzayyil 47 meters below sea level Dominican Republic Lago Enriquillo 46 meters below sea level Algeria Chott Melrhir 40 meters below sea level Azerbaijan Caspian Sea shoreline 28 meters below sea level Iran Caspian Sea shoreline 28 meters below sea level Russia Caspian Sea shoreline 28 meters below sea level Tunisia Shatt al Gharsah 17 meters below sea level Australia Lake Eyre 15 meters below sea level Uzbekistan Sariqarnish Kuli 12 meters below sea level Mexico Laguna Salada 10 meters below sea level Denmark Lammefjord 7 meters below sea level Netherlands Zuidplaspolder 7 meters below sea level Mauritania Sebkhet Te-n - Dghamcha
5 meters below sea level Japan Hachiro - gata 4 meters below sea level United Kingdom The Fens 4 meters below sea level Germany Neuendorf bei Wilster 3.54 meters below sea level Sweden reclaimed bay of Lake Hammarsjon , near Kristianstad
2.41 meters below sea level France Rhone River delta 2 meters below sea level Poland near Raczki Elblaskie 2 meters below sea level Suriname unnamed location in the coastal plain
2 meters below sea level *
The elevations listed are approximate .
For many of these depressions the lowest point is the shoreline of a lake where water levels rise and fall in elevation in response to rainfall , evaporation , use of water by humans and many other factors .
CIA Factbook .
David K. Lynch , PhD , is an astronomer and planetary scientist living in Topanga , CA .
When not hanging around the San Andreas Fault or using the large telescopes on Mauna Kea , he plays fiddle , collects rattlesnakes , gives public lectures on rainbows and writes books ( Color and Light in Nature , Cambridge University Press ) and essays .
Dr. Lynch 's latest book is the Field Guide to the San Andreas Fault .
The book contains twelve one - day driving trips along different parts of the fault , and includes mile - by - mile road logs and GPS coordinates for hundreds of fault features .
As it happens , Dave 's house was destroyed in 1994 by the magnitude 6.7 Northridge earthquake .
This is a glossary of Scots , Scots English dialect and jargon with their meanings and , where appropriate , an example of their use .
It 's worth noting that Scotland has 3 languages ( English / Scots / Scottish Gaelic ) and a collection of different dialects .
Table of Contents : A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
A [ edit ]
Ah - I .
aw - all .
a 'body / aabody - everybody .
aboot - about .
aff - off ( " Ye 're aff yer heid ! " )
Ah ken - I know .
Ah wisna(e ) - I was not .
Ah wiz like - I said .
( So the boss says tae me that Ah was lazy , an ' Ah wiz like , " Naw , Ah am 'nae ! " )
Ah'm ur - I am .
Ah'm urny / Ah'm no - I am not .
an ' aw - as well .
and but - suffix indicating that the speaker has now finished talking .
( " We went doon tae Largs for fish an ' chips , and but . " )
Anno - I know .
auld - old ( as in " auld yin " ) .
B [ edit ]
baccy - tobacco
( " Can you lend me some baccy ? " )
baffies - slippers .
bahoochie / behouchie - bottom .
bairn - baby ( jist a wee bairn ! ) or small child ( Eastern Scottish dialect ) .
baltic - freezing cold ( " Christ man , put the heating oan , it 's baltic in here ! " ) .
bampot - an idiot , unhinged person .
banana boat - used in an expression of disbelief when told a tall story or blatant untruth ( " Dae ye think Ah came up the Clyde on a banana boat ( ? ) " )
banger - a firework .
Also , penis ( " Away you ' n ' chew mah banger ( ! ) " )
barra - a small child .
Also , an affectionate term for a younger person ( A wee barra . )
Barras - a market , started by Margaret McIver , joined for the initial use of wheel barrows / " barras " to sell things from , at the Barrowland in the east end of Glasgow .
barry - excellent / fantastic ( " That 's pure barry ! " )
bastart - bastard .
Also , rarely , a peculiar term of endearment ( " Awright Ted , ya wee bastart . " )
batter - to beat up ( " I 'll batter ye ! ' mon then , ya dick ! " )
bawbag - scrotum , pejorative ( " That guy 's a bawbag . " )
bawhair - a unit of measurement denoted by the thickness of a pubic hair .
bawheid - ballhead , bald , empty - headed , stupid ( " Oi , you , ya bawheid ! " )
baws - testicles .
bawsack - scrotum ( ballsack in English . )
belter - to be excellent , great , fantastic .
ben - down or through , or a mountain .
bevvy - alcoholic beverage ( " Ye havin ' a bevvy the nite ? " )
bez - beer .
bide - stay / live .
Big Yin - Big
One , used as a term of endearment towards older relatives or friends .
Also , the affectionate nickname for Scottish comedian Billy Connolly .
birl - spin .
bit - a place ; usually referring to somebody 's house ( " Meet me at ma bit . "
" Ah'll come round tae your bit . "
" Am stayin ' o'er at my da's bit the night . " )
bits - boots , steel - capped or rigger , worn on construction sites ( " You 'll hae te wear ya bits on site " )
bizzo - business ( from an episode of TV series " Minder " . )
blootered - very drunk .
boaby - police .
Can also mean penis .
boak - dry heave / expression of disgust ( " Pure gie 'in ' me the boak ! " )
bob - a shilling , or 12 old pennies pre-decimilisation ; 5 new pence .
bobee , bawbee - one half - penny in auld money .
boggin ' - smelly , dirty ( " That 's boggin ' ! " )
bolt - go away ( " Wanty bolt ! " )
bonnie - pretty , beautiful .
boot - slatternly or ugly woman .
bosie - cuddle .
bowfin ' - sick - making .
The box - television set ( " Whit 's oan the box the night ? " )
brae - a hill .
brammer - term of endearment ( " Aw , he 's a wee brammer , so he is . " )
braw - good looking , beautiful ; really nice .
breeks - trousers .
brief - car .
broon - brown .
Bucky - short for " Buckfast " , a tonic wine popular in the West of Scotland .
buftie - Homosexual ( " Aye , ah'm a fuckin ' buftie ! So ? " )
buits - boots .
bunker - table top / kitchen counter ( " Make sure yeez clean aw along the bunker when yer finished ! " )
burd - Girlfriend , or girls in general ( huv ye seen the state ae thae burds ! )
burn - small river or stream ( " Let 's awa ' up that burn . " )
but - conjunction sometimes used to end sentences , commonly in Inverclyde ( " Ahm naw gaun , but ! " )
C [ edit ]
calm doon - a plea to curtail hot - running emotions before things get out of control ( " Ye better calm doon , son . " )
cannae - can not .
canny - smart ( " He 's a canny lad . " ) or to be wary , or careful ( " Ca ' canny , lassie ! " )
chankin - cold ( " It 's chankin ' the day ! " )
chebs - tits .
chib - to stab with a knife , or to headbutt .
chief - alternative for ' mate ' , ' dude ' , ' fella ' , ' big yin ' .
( " Awrite chief , wur ye aff tae the night ? " )
choochter - see teuchter .
chookie - bird .
choon - song ( from " tune " )
chug - to masturbate ( " He was having a chug on the bus . " )
chum - to accompany someone ( " Goan chum me to the shop . " )
claes - clothes .
clart - to apply too much of something .
clarted - covered in ( mud ) .
clarty / clatty - dirty ( " He picked his nose and ate it , the clarty bastard ! " )
class -
Something that is really good ( " That 's pure class min ! " )
cauld - cold ( " It 's awfy cauld in here . " )
close - an alleyway or passage at the rear of houses .
The passageway leading into a tenement building .
Humid weather .
cludgie - toilet , or lavatory , originally outdoors .
( " Ah'm oan the cludgie ! " )
clype - a tell - tale , a grass .
Also , to hit someone or something .
coarse / coorse - to bully or torment , or to be bad .
To handle in a rough fashion .
cooncil juice / cooncil pop - tap water
coupon - face .
( " Some coupon on him , eh ? " )
cowk - to heave or throw up .
cowp - to knock over .
Also , a skip or landfill .
craic ( crack ) - chat ( " What 's the craic ? " )
cripple - to make someone fall over or do something clumsy ( " Did you see me cripple Andrew yesterday ? " )
crivens - an exclamation .
( See also " Jings , crivens , and help mah boab ! " )
cuddy - horse .
cummoan - let 's go , ~~ please talk sense ~~ ( vamos , . sp )
cundie - drain .
cuttin ' - hanging out in a directionless manner .
Not necessarily standing still .
( " I 've been cuttin ' aboot the toon aa day ! " )
D [ edit ]
da - father .
dafty - silly , foolish person .
dancin ' - discotheque , nightclub ( Ur ye gaun tae the dancin ' the night ? )
dangleberry - small piece of stool hanging from the hair around the bum hole .
dander / daunder / daunner - a walk ( " Comin ' fur a wee daunner doon yonder ? " )
deh - do n't ( deh dae that . )
deid - very ; usually used with " pure " in front to describe something ( That 's pure deid brilliant !!! ) or if someone has died ( " The big yin is deid " )
di - word used for grandad
diddy - did he ?
Also means an idiot , and female breasts ( " Diddy go tae school ? " " Wait !
Ye left yur keys , ya diddy ! " " Check oot the diddies oan her . " )
didnae - did n't ( " Ah didnae dae that ! " )
dingy - to ignore , abandon ( " He 's dingied us . " )
dinnae - do n't ( " Dinnae dae that ! " )
diteit - stupid .
div - idiot .
dobber - a fool / stupid person .
Also means " dickhead " ( " Whit ye daein ' , ya dobber ? ! " )
doggin ' -
Having sexual intercourse in the back of a car , usually with spectators ( " Oh my God .
They were doggin ' ! " ) .
Also , skipping school ( " I could n't be bothered so ended up just doggin ' it . " )
dolton - an idiot .
doo - a pigeon .
doon - down .
( " Turn that doon !
Wiv got a fuckin ' can thief !
TURN THAT DOON ! " )
doonhamer - Someone from Dumfries .
Got its name from towns more North than Dumfries because people from Dumfries would say , " Ah'm gaun doon hame . "
Doric - Scots dialect spoken in the North East .
dowp - backside , bottom .
dreich - damp , overcast , wet .
drookit - soaking wet , drenched .
dug - a dog .
dunderheid - an idiot , a fool .
dunno / dinnae ken - I do n't know .
dunt - nudge .
E [ edit ]
Eccie / Eccies - Ecstasy ( the drugs ) .
Edina / Embra - Edinburgh .
eejit - idiot .
een - eyes .
eh - what ?
empty - the residents who live in the house are not present and people take advantage by having a party in the " empty " house .
( " Ma granny 's got an empty , ' moan up fur a swallae . " ) .
Normally teenagers having a party in their own house when parents are away involves drinking , which they would not be able to do with their friends if parents were around .
erse - arse ( doric )
F [ edit ]
fae - from ( " Far aboots you fae ? " )
fag - a cigarette .
fandan - ( short for " Fancy Dan " ) an overconfident , fandango , pretentious idiot ( " That guy 's a pure fandan , by the way . " )
fanny - vagina , pejorative ( " He 's a wee fanny . " )
fannybaws - a term of ridicule , in some cases of endearment ( " Ho , here fannybaws , geis a chip . " )
fash - fuss , worry ( " Dinnae fash yersel ' . " )
feart - to be scared , afeared ( Ah'm feart o' the dark . " )
feck - fuck , ( " In the name of feck , ser . " )
fer / fir / fur - for .
fitba ' - football .
fit like ?
- how are you ?
( Dorric )
fir wye ?
- why ?
flamer - a homosexual , from flaming homosexual .
flap - to become overly upset or worked up about something , beyond what others see as necessary ( " Dinnae flap !
We 'll find yer wellies ! " )
fleg - fright , flag reference to over - exuberant British nationalism ( " He 's a dirty Flegger . " )
flit - move house .
foond / fund - found .
footer - to twiddle and mess about with something ( courtesy of Mrs A. A Munro ) .
forrit - forward .
fu ' - full ( of alcohol ) , drunk .
fud - vagina
( Ah booted her right in the fud , man ! ) usually used as a derogatory term ( " What fud publishes on Wikipedia ? " ) .
The tail of a rabbit .
funt - slightly less offensive merging of the f-word and the c-word , which you can say in front of older relatives and get away with .
( " That funt pushed in front of me at the chip shop . " )
G [ edit ]
gadge / gadgie - East coast term for a bloke ( That gadge is mental . )
gads - exclamation of disgust .
Used in the South West ( predominantly Ayrshire and North of Aberdeen . )
gaff - house .
gammie - an injured body part ( Canny play , I 've got a gammie leg . )
gan - go .
gaun yersel ' - congratulations .
gaun - going ( Ah'm gaun hame ) , or , go on and ( gaun shut the fuck up . )
gantin'/ gaggin ' fer it - begging for ( See her , she 's pure gantin ' fer sex . )
gash - vagina , or poor ( Hearts are gash at football . )
gie 's / geez - give me - ( geez it . )
geggy - mouth - ( Shut yer geggy . )
geks - glasses .
ginger - pop / fizzy drink / soda ( typically referring to Irn - Bru . )
gingin ' ( pronounced " ging -in " ) - disgusting ( He wis spewin ' his guts up ( being sick ) , it was heavy gingin ' ! )
glaikit - stupid looking ( get that glakit look aff yer fizzog . )
Glesgae - Glasgow , if not a local ( typically East coast Scots ) " Glesga " is more often used by West coast Scots .
goat - got ( Ah goat it right ! )
gonnae no dae that - please do n't do that !
gobble - blowjob , or to eat as if starving .
gob - mouth ( shut yer gob ) , or spit .
gowpin ' / lowpin ' - sore body part / infested with lice - ( My knee is gowpin ' . ) -
( Her heid was pure lowpin ' . )
goon - idiot ( You 're a pure goon , man ! )
graftin ' - to like someone ( “ are you graftin ' Ben ? ” )
grannied - did n't score a single point ( I was grannied at pool tonight . )
granda - grandfather .
greet - to cry .
groond / grund - ground .
gutties - rubber soled sand shoes or gym shoes , from Gutta - percha , the tree from which latex and rubber are derived .
gunt - Hearts fan , portmanteau of Gorgie and Cunt .
H [ edit ]
hackit - ugly .
hame - home ( am away hame . )
Harry hoofter - rhyming slang for " poofter " a derogatory term for a homosexual man .
hauf - half ; a measure of whisky .
hauf 'n ' a hauf - a measure of whisky and a half pint of beer
haver - silly talk , nonsense / gibberish ( stap yer haverin' . )
havnae - have not .
haun - hand ( watch ma haun . )
haud / hud - hold , stop " wanty haud that ? " , " haud the bus " ( stop right there . )
haud yer wheesht - stop talking .
haw - a quick saying to get someones attention , quicker than saying " hello " .
( Haw , stop ya bawbag ! )
heavy - used to emphasise , " heavy shite " = awful .
- used to emphasise , " heavy shite " = awful .
hemmin - term to get someones attention , equivalent " excuse me sir " ( Hemmin , fit like the day ? )
hen - term of endearment for a woman , equivalent to " love " or " darling " ( How ye daein ' the day , hen ? )
heid - head ( Ah've got a sair heid . )
hee haw - nothing / empty .
heid - the - baw - an idiot .
heavin ' ( hee - vin ) - very busy ( This pub is heavin ' , ye cannae get movin' . )
hirplin - to walk with a limp .
( She hirpled across to answer the door . )
hoachin ' - full .
hochmagandy - fornication , sex .
hole - sex / vagina
( She 's gettin ' her hole the night fer definite . )
honkin ' - smelly / dirty ( Your breath is honkin ' by the way . )
hoore - whore .
hoora - slang term for " very " ( That Buckfast was hoora good . )
Hoarse - a horse ( “ get aff ur high hoarse ” )
hoose - house .
hoot - what ( Hoot are you talkin ' aboot ? )
howfin ' / howlin'/ hummin ' - smelly .
how ? - why ?
how no ' ?
- why not ?
howzitgoan - greetings ( Howzitgoan pal ?
Huvnae seen ye in ages . )
huddy - idiot , stupid , lame brain .
I [ edit ]
Inna - As well ( Are you gan ti the boozer inna ? )
Isna(e ) -
Is not
Int it / Int it no ? - Is n't it ?
( This place is brilliant , int it no ? )
J [ edit ]
jag / jab - injection / punch
jaggies - stinging nettles .
( Mind the jaggies dinnae git ya ! )
jaked - being in a state of drunkenness ( I was jaked last night )
jake(y ) - a person who is addicted to class A drugs or alcohol , and lives a poor quality of life as consequence / A down - and - out , a tramp .
jamp - past tense of jump ( used mostly in the Highlands , especially the Black Isle ) .
janny - janitor .
jessie / jessy - wimp / big girl 's blouse / effeminate or cowardly man ( he 's a big jessie )
Jim Delahunt - sports pundit and former presenter of Scotsport , rhyming slang for " cunt " , female genitalia
Jings ! -
Wow !
Jings , crivens , and help mah boab !
- expression of surprise or admiration , from the internationally famous comics " Oor Wullie " and " The Broons " by Scottish publisher D.C. Thompson
jobby - poo ; plural form " jobbies "
jobby jabber - a gay man ( derogatory )
jump in - children usually ask an adult to go into a shop and buy them ( children , under 18 ) alcohol , term is commonly used in Ayrshire ( Ask him for a jump in )
K [ edit ]
kelpie - a mythical water creature resembling a horse .
Also a set of twin sculptures called " The Kelpies " .
ken - to know
kip - a nap
knob - slang for penis , in particular knob - end ; an irritating or contemptible person ( Whit a knob man ! )
knapdarloch - a piece of faeces hanging from an animal 's fur
kip - sleep / nap ( If yur tired , try fur a kip . " " am away fir a kip man , shattered )
kippy - left ( He 's kippy - handed . )
kirk - church ( I can't get pished ?
Is this some kind of kurk ? )
Keech - Scottish for faeces .
Can be used in a sentence for someone who you think is talking rubbish or nonsense ( Listen ya bam awa an ' stop talkin keech . )
Keek - to peep or look
ket -
An alternate term for Ketamine
L [ edit ]
laddie - A boy or young man ( Aye , laddie ! )
laldy - Attitude / Effort of great volume ( ah gave it Laldy ! )
lamped -
To be struck soundly with a fist ( eg. Boab wiz gettin ' on ma tits , so I lamped him )
lavvy - A lavatory ( toilet ) ( Am gaun ' tae the lavvy . )
lecky - electricity - often used in reference to bills ( she did n't pay her lecky this month )
lifted - to be arrested by the police .
( e.g . He wiz totally pished an ' the polis lifted him )
lip - cheek ( Ony mair o' yer lip an ah’ll skelp yer dowp )
Li'ah ' - like that ( An ' ah wis li'ah '​ )
loaby - hallway , lobby , passageway
loon - boy ( Aberdeen dialect ) , idiot ( elsewhere )
loupin - very sore / infested with lice ( My heid is loupin . )
lassie - A girl or young woman
lugs - ears
loused - Finished , tired or shattered ( I 'm loused )
M [ edit ]
Mare 's meat - A vigorous and forward act ( He 's in there like a marr 's meat )
Ma Kelly - Ann - term for the Mrs , me and Kelly - Ann did this , my Kelly - Ann said that , me and Kelly Ann had a good pumpin ' last night etc etc .
mad wae it ( MWI ) - comprehensively drunk
magic - great / excellent ( That 's pure magic )
mair - more
maist - most
malkied - ( from Malky Fraser - Glaswegian rhyming slang for " razor " )
Initially to have been hit hard , or chibbed ... blootered / drunk / wrecked
( Heavy malkied last night , pal )
maw - mum ( Aye yer maw )
mauchit / manky - very dirty ( Your trousers are mauchit !!
Ya manky bastard ! )
meltit / melted - to be off one 's face , usually on drugs - ( Ah was pure melted man ! )
mense - Great or other words , a shorter form of " immense "
messages - shopping ( Maw sent me fur messages last night )
mental - Insane , wild ( that party last night was pure mental . )
mibay / mibbe - maybe .
midden - Outdoors rubbish pile , tip " this room 's a midden ! "
min /mannie - mate ( aw ' right , min ? ) , or any adult male ( That 's the mannie I wis thinkin ' of . )
mince - rubbish / nonsense - ( Dinnae talk mince )
minger - A dirty / smelly / horrible person or ugly person
mingin - horrible / dirty ( Your bathroom is mingin , this drink tastes mingin )
mink - an unhygienic person ( You wee mink . )
minted - rich / wealthy ( Look at his motor , he must be minted . )
Mokit - dirty
Mon then - A challenge to fight ( Fuckin ' mon ' then ya wee dick )
the morn - tomorrow
the morn 's morn - tomorrow morning
motor - a car ( originates from " motor car " ) " his motor 's pure minted man ! " , " jump in my motor , I 'll gie ye a lift hame " .
muckle - large ( I caught this muckle fish doon the burn the ither day ) .
munter - ugly person ( That lassy you were winchin ' last night was a proper munter . )
N [ edit ]
nae danger - no chance / no way / no bother
nahcerd / knackered - tired / exhausted
napper - head
Nat King - another word for intercourse getting your hole ( from nat king cole )
Nat King Cole - intercourse , commonly nat king cole , hole ( rhyming slang )
naw - no
naw he didnae - No he did n't .
Originated from Scottish sitcom show , Still Game .
naw he didnae just credit , Still Game with the origin of this expression as it's a lot older than , Still Game has been on TV
ned - acronym for ' non-educated delinquent ' , hooligan , troublemaker
neebur - Neighbour
nip - kiss ( gonae give us a nip ) or a single measure of an alcoholic spirit , often whisky ( geez a nip wi ' that pint will ye darlin ' )
neeps - Turnips ( neeps an ' tatties )
nippin - stinging .
noggin - head
nugget - a less than valuable lump of matter , may be something hanging off your shoe or your backside , may be a person ( Who 's that nugget ? )
numpty - an endearing term / lovable idiot .
Shows friendly banter ( Och , Jonathan !
You 're a right numpty )
nut - head , or another term used for the word no
O [ edit ]
oaf - off
Och awa ' an ' dinna talk pish -
You 're talking a load of rubbish
oan yer bike - go away
oan yer trolley - go away
Onit - term used when drinking alcoholic beverages
Onybody - Anybody
oose - dust ball , dust bunnie , cobweb
oot - out
ory or orey or oary - Vulgar , common , lacking in social graces .
Perhaps from " ore " i.e. unrefined material .
Word may be peculiar to Dundee .
outwith Outside ( he lives outwith the catchment area for the school .
That is outwith the remit of the report . )
oot yer nut - really drunk ( mate , get hame yer oot yer nut . ) , off your head .
oxters - armpits
P [ edit ]
pakie - a derogatory term for a person of Pakistani or Indian descent .
pan - break or disfigure ( pan the windaes in ) Also a name for the toilet .
patter - Banter ( yer patter 's sweet pal )
panbread - dead
pap - a breast
paps - plural form for breast
papa - grandfather
park - field
patch - to ignore someone , stand them up , or not respond to their texts , calls etc. ( " he 's pure bin patchin me aw week " )
Pedro - Amazing ( Aww sur , that is Pedro )
peebrusht - rectum ( from an episode of Minder )
peedie - small ( yer nae haf peedie ya ken )
peely wally - looking pale and unwell
pie - a Scottish version of a chav , also used as a general derogatory word ( " Yer a pie " )
piece - a sandwich ( A had a cheese an ' tomata piece this efternoon )
pimps - easy ( That exam was pure pimps )
pish - piss
pished - drunk
Pizza Crunch - a pizza deep - fried in batter .
Popular delicacy .
plastered - drunk
poke - a bag , to finger someone
polis - the police
poon / poond / poonds - Pound / Pounds ( either coins or weight )
pooched - broken , fucked , useless .
( I pooched my bird up the closie last night ) used in anger or expression , mainly used by people from Angus or Fife
puckle - a few of something ( not necessarily 2 )
pucklie - a small amount
puddock - a frog
pumped - sex
punny eccy ( or simply " punny " ) - punishment exercises at school
pure - very , totally ( she 's pure no right . ) used to emphasise something .
Plab -
The name for a large soft and watery pile of faeces probably most akin to cattle dung .
Q [ edit ]
quality - great / excellent ( That film was quality . )
quine or quinie - girl , young woman , ( Aberdeen dialect )
R [ edit ]
radge - Crazy , angry ( he went totally radge )
rat-arsed - Drunk ( Lets get rat-arsed ! )
rank - disgusting
Rebrov -
Man of stature ( that guy is pure Rebrov man )
reekbeek - horrible , disgusting ( That lassie is pure reekbeek )
reid / reed - Red
Reprobate - Unprincipled person , ( Shut it , ya reprobate )
roamin - Taking a walk ( gone on the piss , no told the mrs an got lost )
roaster - Someone who is making a complete cunt of themselves ( Here , did ye see that roaster oan the X - Factor the other night ? )
rocket - a crazy or annoying person .
General insult .
( " bolt ya rocket " )
raging - Extremely angry ; in a rage ( you 're pure raging , mate )
S [ edit ]
Salt ' n ' Sauce - what Edinburgh people put on their chips .
sassenach - often used for an English person , Southerner , but more accurately it is someone born below the Highland Line .
scaffies - bin men .
Scavengers
scheme - residential area , usually a council estate
schule - school ( pronounced " skull " ) ( Ye no gaun ' tae the schule the day ? )
scooby - clue , ( no clue ) From the 1970s American cartoon series " Scooby Doo " involving student detectives and a gormless Great Dane .
scoobie -
This spelling meaning is used instead of Subaru ( Have ye seen Mikes new scoobie ? )
As above .
scramble - Scottish tradition at weddings where the groom throws small change out of the wedding car for local children to pick up .
scran - food
script - Plan , idea ( What 's the script ? )
scunnered - bored , fed up , exhausted
scunner - one who pisses ye aff , also used when hurt yourself ( oh ye scunner that hurt )
session / sesh - a night out drinking ( Me and the boys had a hoora session the other night ) -
This is also a term used in some parts of England and Northern Ireland .
shan - a shame ( that 's shan as fuck , shan times ) From Cant
Shereen Nanjiani - a former newsreader and also rhyming slang for fanny , female genitalia ( Ah booted her right in the Shereen Nanjiani ) .
shin - shoes .
Germanic , schoen
shite - faeces .
shneeb - smoke .
simmer - Calm down ( That kant needs to simmer before he gets leathered )
sink the link - engage in intercourse ( Jim was sinkin ' the link last night . )
Link sausages as metaphor for male member .
skelp - to smack or hit someone / thing ( He telt me tae get ma tits oot so I skelped him ) ( I skelped ma heed oaf the heedboard )
skiddies - gentleman 's undergarments with traces of last night 's dinner
skud - naked ( Did ye see Jimmy ?
He was in the skud ! )
skyrocket - a particularly crazy person ( " he's aff his nut , pure skyrocket man " )
sleekit - sly or untrustworthy ( I widnae buy a car frae that sleekit bastard ! )
slitter -
To dribble whilst eating ( You better no slitter soup aw doon yer new jumper . )
solid - hard , tough ( I wouldnae say nowt tae him man , he 's solid )
sook - big softie ( ya wee sook )
snashters - sweets or goodies to eat .
sneck / snecky , also shneck / shnecky ( from the Gaelic Sneagaidh ) - Inverness .
sound - nice , cool or has a tendency to keep secrets well .
Usually used in teens and preteens .
‘ You ’re proper sound , mate . ’
speccy - used to describe someone who wears glasses .
spondoolyitis - a medical condition for talking shit
spondoolies - money ( as in , " Ye gaun tae the gemme the night ? " " Naw . " " Naw ? How no ' ? "
" Nae spondoolies " )
squint - not straight
Squinty Bridge - colloquial name for a bridge in Glasgow between Finnieston and Govan , so named as it is on a diagonal
square go - a fair fight , one to one fight
steamin - drunk
Stoater - a beauty , the best of type
stoor - dust .
( Look at aw that stoor on the telly . )
sup - small amount of liquid
swally - to swallow , also means alcohol ( Dae ye fancy gon fur a wee swally doon the pub ? )
swatch - Look ( Gae us a swatch o yur fanny )
swadge , swadging -
To sit at a table , after eating , waiting for your ' second wind ' so you can eat more ( Nae more fir me , A'hm swadging )
sweltering - roasting / boiling / very warm ( it 's absolutely sweltering today )
swick - cheat
T [ edit ]
tad - tiny bit ( it 's a tad small )
tadger - yet another word for the male member ( Next thing we knew , he 'd whipped oot his tadger . )
tae - to or , too ( Going tae the game / aye , and Stevie 's coming tae )
tait - a small amount of something ( I 'll only take a wee tait salt oan ma chips , no too much . )
talking oot yer fanny flaps - lying
tan - smash windows ( I 'm gonny tan yer windaes ) , or also a drink ( Gonnae gies a tan ae yur juice ? )
tanned - to drink / drunk ( I tant ten pints last night ! ) to vandalise ( That hoose is gettin tanned )
tap - to borrow money from someone ( Can ah tap a tenner aff ye ? )
taps aff - ( tops off ) Sunbathing weather .
In reality , any day when it is n't raining , particularly if the climate is suitable for outdoor Buckfast drinking .
tassie - cup ( especially one for whisky )
tatties - potatoes
tekul - good
teuchter - someone that lives in the countryside , especially from the Highlands or Isles of Scotland
that 's a sin - what a shame
toalie - jobby , shite , turd , crap , keech
toaty - small / tiny
toonser - someone from the city
tube - an idiot / fool
Turkish - a faeces ( Gies the paper , ah'm away fur a turkish ) from rhyming slang : ' Turkish Delight ' - Shite
twa - two
twally - A person of lesser intellect
Toorie -
The purple head of the Spear Thistle ( Scotland 's national flower / emblem ) .
This is also what the Highlanders call a penis .
Tadger - Scottish name for a penis or can be used as a name for someone who behaves in an annoying manner ( Get oot ma face ya tadger . )
Troosers - trousers .
W [ edit ]
wabbit - tired ( I 'm feeling awfy wabbit ) .
wallap ( pronounced " wa- lup " ) - to hit someone / something ( Am gonnae wallap ye wan ! )
Can also mean to bang a body part ( Ah pure wallaped ma heid aff that table ! )
wallaper ( pronounced " wa - la - pur " ) - an insult , meaning idiot / moron / dick ( He 's a pure wallaper . ) //
Large ( tha 's ah wallaper ye goat there ! )
wan / ane - one ( number or referring to an object person ) " Wan table please . "
" Wit wan de ye want ? " " Geez ane . "
wan - won ( I wan the race . )
Or referring to having ' one ' ( I 'm having ' wan ' of them days ) .
wank - to masturbate or short for wanker ( he 's a wank )
warmer - ( pronounced " wahrmehr " ) another name for a fool , idiot .
weapon - General insult .
An annoying , disliked or foolish person .
( he 's a fuckin ' weapon )
wean - ( pronounced " Wayne " ) the youngest of the family , sometimes the youngest sibling .
Truncation of " wee ane " or little one .
( give that to the wean ! ) .
wee - small
wee yin- a person shorter or younger than you
wee barra - Literally " Small fair haired child " .
Used as a term of endearment ( generally boys )
weegie - someone from Glasgow ; from " Glaswegian "
well - very " This band 's well good . "
" Bed 's well comfy . "
wench - A woman / female / girlfriend / wife .
Derogatory term .
We 're a ' Jock Tamson 's bairns - we 're all the same , we 're all God 's children .
wha(e ) - who
wheesht - be quiet ( haud yer wheesht )
Whit -
It means the same as ' what ' .
whit like ? / Fit like ? -
How are you ?
Whitey -
Throw up / be sick , usually from drinking too much alcohol ( Am gonnae whitey )
wifey - woman ( usually referring to an older woman )
winch - to French kiss someone ( geez a winch . )
Windae - Window .
wit - what
wur - our as in We took wur taps aff ( took our tops off )
winna / winnae / wouldnae - Will not /
Would not .
( " Wanna jump aff 'is roof lad ? "
" No , I winna dee at !
Fuck yerself min ! " )
Y [ edit ]
yaldi - an expression of deep joy
yaks - eyes
yeez - you / you'se
yin - one ( not the number but referring to a person or object ) " The big yin is oan his way . "
" Ye want the big yin aff the shelf ? " )
yocker - a large , but still throwable , stone .
yonks - years , a long time ago .
( A havnae been there for yonks . )
yuptae -
What are you up to ?
( yuptae th' night ya bawbag ? )
Ye - all you / you
yellae - yellow
yer - your
Z [ edit ]
TIME travel is normally fixed in both direction and speed : forward only , and no more or less than twenty four hours a day .
Part of the thrill of a new year is the sense of this stately progress leaping , just a little , as a year ticks over in a second .
When two digits tick by at once the thrill expands further as the grain gets coarser .
Dividing history into ten - year chunks on the basis of the last - but - one digit is arbitrary , but knowing that it will be thus divided , despite the senselessness of so doing , gives the 09 to 10 transition and its ilk added relish .
Something new , or at least different , has begun .
Given that time travel moves only forward , it might seem that this would be the only way new periods can be added to history .
Not so , though , if you are a geologist or Earth scientist .
For them the past offers billions of years of room for redefinition and subdivision , with the beginnings and endings of various geological periods and subperiods tussled over continuously .
A recent paper goes further , offering the possibility of adding periods where there were previously none : of extending the Earth 's history , not further into the future , but further into the past .
SPL
To appreciate this , a quick recap of the Earth 's origins .
About 4.6 billion years ago a large cloud of gas , probably shocked by a nearby supernova , fell in on itself , forming grains of dust and , rather more spectacularly , a star .
In the disk of gas and dust around this nascent sun smaller objects coalesced into larger ones , encountering each other with ever greater violence as they became ever larger .
Near the end of this process a Mars - sized object crashed into a Venus - sized object , in the process creating the Earth ( which is larger than Venus ) and the Moon ( which is smaller than Mars ) .
This knockabout phase lasted only a few tens of millions of years , though the orbits of the planets , especially the big ones further from the sun , did not settle down until a few hundreds of millions of years later .
At present , the Earth 's geological history does not deal with this period well , for the simple reason that geologists deal mostly with rocks , and rocks older than about 3.8 billion years are rare indeed .
Rocks from 3.8 billion years ago to 2.5 billion years ago are assigned to the Earth 's earliest geological eon , the Archaean .
Anything earlier — a few lumps of Greenland and Canada , and rock - residues preserved now only as inclusions in larger , later , rocks — are referred to as belonging to the Hadean , an informal and ill - defined but useful and evocative term .
The new proposal suggests not just that the Hadean should be formalised , but also that a new aeon , the Chaotian , should be recognised as extending extend further back in time than the Earth itself .
The Chaotian would begin with the beginning of the cloud 's collapse , be punctuated in the middle with the ignition of the sun and come to an end with the collision that created the Earth - moon doublet in its sort of modern form .
In a fit of further distinctions , the authors — Colin Goldblatt , a young researcher at NASA 's Ames Research Centre , and three older colleagues with considerable previous form in the framing of provocative hypotheses — suggest the Nephelean and Erebrean for the periods before the sun 's ignition , the Hyperitian and Titanomachean for those after .
Other than demonstrating that there are scientists abroad with classical educations , lively imaginations and a little spare time on their hands , what would such a seemingly silly extension of geological history to the pre-rock , pre-planet era actually achieve ?
Two things .
One , which the authors themselves put forward , is that given the increasing amount of serious and informative science being done with respect to the early history of the Earth and the solar system — not least in the context of observations of other systems round other stars — an agreed vocabulary with which to discuss the timing of various events and transitions would be helpful .
A second is that if the solar system is to be considered a system , in the sense of something more than the sum of its parts , it needs a system - wide timescale that stretches back to its beginning , and into which the timescales of the various planets can be pieced as they become better understood .
To use the Earth 's geology , which is the best understood of that of any planet , as the basis for this is as good a solution as any .
Following on from that , and of less specialist interest , is the degree to which such thinking expands people 's conceptions of their planet and its place in the scheme of things .
The Earth is not an isolated lump of rock , a system unto itself ; it is the result of events that created it , and of processes that extend far beyond its physical limits .
It is sprinkled with dust older than the sun , constantly pulled this way and that by tides while occasionally smacked about by comets and asteroids .
Most crucially , it is shot through with the energy of the sun , energy which drives the planet 's winds and rivers , stirs its oceans and brings life to its plants and all who eat them — and thus accounts for almost all of what is available in the renewable energy business .
To see the Earth and its properties in the cosmic contex of the processes that have formed and sustained them , rather than just as lumps of stuff , is salutory — whether looking billions of years back or a decade or so into the future .
A reader writes :
The way our politics of fear is now constructed , there is no limit to the costs involved in nation - building in every conceivable failed state that could be a safe harbor for Jihadists .
We cannot have the adult conversation about how much terrorist damage the US should tolerate compared with the costs of trying to control this phenomenon at its source .
We are not mature enough as a country to have that conversation .
And Obama has decided it is n't worth confronting that question now .
This is indeed what this is all about .
To avoid a potential terrorist attack we are willing to invade countries and conduct wars to the end of time , if necessary .
We are a country of cowards .
And we 're not too bright , either .
WESTLAKE , Ohio -- Jennifer Lyn Jackson - Thompson , a Playboy centerfold in 1989 , was found dead Friday at her home .
Westlake Lt. Larry Stephens said the Cuyahoga County Coroner 's Office would determine her cause of death , but noted there were no obvious signs of foul play .
Police said because the 40 - year - old woman had a history of drug abuse , toxicology tests would be performed .
" Her husband called us and officers found her in her trailer in Schneider 's Trailer Park on Center Ridge Road , " said Stephens .
" When someone drops dead at 40 , it 's unusual . "
In late July 2007 , she was cited for disorderly conduct while intoxicated after she and her husband caused a disturbance at their home .
Police also arrested her husband , James Thompson .
Jackson was Playboy 's April 1989 Playmate of the Month .
In 2005 , she was charged with receiving stolen property by Westlake police , but that case was dropped in Cuyahoga County Common Pleas Court when the victim failed to appear in court , court records said .
How are memories saved ?
Where does the recording take place and how ?
— Michael Saayman , Cape Town , South Africa
Michael Rugg , director of the Center for the Neurobiology of Learning and Memory at the
University of California , Irvine , provides an explanation :
UNDERSTANDING EXACTLY
how the brain encodes and stores memories is one of the central , unsolved mysteries in neuroscience .
Currently the most widely accepted theory is long - term potentiation ( LTP ) — the lasting communication established between two neurons when they are stimulated simultaneously .
As a person processes an event , two neurons pass information through a small space called a synapse .
This chemical conversation triggers an intricate cascade , inviting nearby neurons to fire and ultimately creating a network of connections with varying strengths .
Afterward , this pattern of connections , or memory , remains within the network of neurons that processed the event .
Although many areas of the brain contain synapses capable of creating strong patterns of connectivity , the hippocampus is a particularly favorable spot for recording memories .
This brain region plays a critical role in learning new information , forming spatial memories
and storing short - term memories as long - term ones .
Memories formed with the hippocampus are especially rich because they integrate input from several areas of the brain , and the hippocampus contains densely packed layers of neurons .
In addition , damage to this region and nearby areas causes profound and permanent amnesia — an inability to store new memories or to recall old ones — and is observed in patients who have Alzheimer ’s disease .
How does background noise affect our concentration ?
— Philip Miele , Dublin , Ohio
Mark A. W. Andrews , director and professor of physiology at Lake Erie College of Osteopathic Medicine at Seton Hill University in Greensburg , Pa. , offers a reply :
BACKGROUND OR LOW -LEVEL noise in the home , work or school often disrupts people ’s concentration .
According to the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health , ambient noise also affects people ’s health by increasing general stress levels and aggravating stress - related conditions such as high blood pressure , coronary disease , peptic ulcers and migraine headaches .
Continued exposure does not lead to habituation ; in fact , the effects worsen .
Several studies have indicated that stress resulting from ongoing white noise can induce the release of cortisol , a hormone that helps to restore homeostasis in the body after a bad experience .
Excess cortisol impairs function in the prefrontal cortex — an emotional learning center that helps to regulate “ executive ” functions such as planning , reasoning and impulse control .
Some recent evidence indicates that the prefrontal cortex also stores short - term memories .
Changes to this region , therefore , may disrupt a person ’s capacity to think clearly and to retain information .
Though not definitive , recent research also suggests that noise - induced stress may decrease dopamine availability in the prefrontal cortex , where the hormone controls the flow of information from other parts of the body .
Stress resulting from background noise , then , may decrease higher brain function , impairing learning and memory .
The gender gap in computer science may have been widened by Star Trek , a new study suggests — but it could be bridged with a less geeky image .
New research published in the December Journal of Personality and Social Psychology suggests that the stereotype of computer scientists as unwashed nerds may be partially responsible for the dearth of women in the field , as shown by National Science Foundation statistics .
“ What this research shows is that the image of computer science — this geeky , masculine image — can make women feel like they do n’t belong , ” says lead author Sapna Cheryan of the University of Washington .
“ I think this is an important contribution to the literature , ” says Rodolfo Mendoza - Denton of the University of California , Berkeley .
He says it raises questions about how much conscious control people have over their choices .
Previous research has found that a person can get a good sense of what another individual is like just from spending a few minutes perusing that person ’s bedroom .
Cheryan wondered if the same was true of classrooms .
“ You can get a message about whether you want to join a certain group just by seeing the physical environment that that group is associated with , ” Cheryan says .
“ You walk in , see these objects and think , ‘ This is not me . ’ ”
Cheryan and colleagues tested this idea by alternately decorating a computer science classroom with objects that earlier surveys pegged as stereotypically geeky —
Star Trek posters , videogames and comic books — or with objects that the surveys found to be neutral — coffee mugs , plants and art posters .
Thirty - nine college students spent a few minutes in the room , then filled out a questionnaire on their attitudes toward computer science .
Women who spent time in the geeky room reported less interest in computer science than women who saw the neutral room .
For male students , however , the room ’s décor made no difference .
In follow - up tests , a total of 215 students were asked to imagine they were joining either a geekily decorated or a neutrally decorated company after graduation .
For every possible scenario , women preferred the non-geeky space .
“ It ’s a consistent effect , ” Cheryan says .
“ The environment can communicate a sense of belonging , but it also communicates a sense of exclusion , or a sense that this is not a place where I would fit in . ”
Cheryan acknowledges that the geeky classroom setup is a caricature of computer science .
But , she points out , people respond to that stereotype whether it ’s true or not , and study participants found the nerdy room believable .
“ There ’s this idea that people develop interest in their major or their chosen career through some kind of internal passion they have , ” Mendoza - Denton says .
“ These studies show that in fact the spaces that you walk into can have those kinds of effects .
Those are very subtle things that we can miss . ”
Cheryan suggests that nonstereotypical depictions of computer science , in the media and in classrooms , could help update the field ’s image .
Mendoza - Denton adds that the results can be put to use in other fields in which minorities are underrepresented .
But first , he says , “ People have to begin to take it seriously . ”
“ The scientific basis for making the case that the décor of a particular room matters is very clear , ” he says .
“ But whether institutions or companies or universities decide to take those steps to increase diversity really is up to people listening to the research . ”
Image : TACD / Flickr
See Also :
EA is Overhauling Anthem With Help From Their Other Developers - IGN Now
I ’ve come across a few interesting “ diagrams , ” or visual representations that relate to our experience of reality .
The first one is my favorite :
1. The Enneagrammatic circuit :
In particular , I appreciate how each symbol is represents a sensory experience in our awareness : touch , sight , thought , smell , etc .
Also abundantly apparent is the idea that , “ all roads lead to the source , ” and in a completely non-linear way , all roads are already the source .
Therefore , this “ circuit ” model is a representation of liberation beyond and within time .
A three dimensional representation of what “ 4 dimensional ” realization could be like .
In a sense , if we allow it to be this model is also a “ window ” or “ door ” to infinity .
It shows our journey in the linear experience of this three dimensional reality , and also displays “ windows and doorways ” through to infinity , in which all times are happening “ now . ”
The “ X ” or “ cross ” symbol intersects at infinity , much as Gebser mentions that , “ the paradox is the doorway to infinity . ”
If you have been looking for a good visual representation of “ integral , ” or mystical perceptions of reality , this might be a good one .
2. Jean Gebser ’s “ mutations in consciousness . ”
Jean Gebser is one of my favorite authors on consciousness .
His work is thick , his language complicated , but the message is wonderfully clear .
This is n’t the exact image I wanted to show , but the actual diagrams from the book are hard to find .
This is also more of an abstracted representation , not necessarily as useful as the first one ( in that the Enneagrammatic circuit is intended for a more experiential guide ) .
At any rate , it can also be helpful to see how human societies have undergone powerful mutations in our history , not just genetic but also “ shifts ” in consciousness , in which a previous way of seeing reality fell apart , and a new one emerged from that crisis .
This is a very natural processes that all civilizations and cultures have undergone .
Each mutation has allowed us to understand the world in 1 dimensional , 2 dimensional and 3 dimensional ways .
Summarizing , each mutation allowed us to interpret and understand our place in time - space .
3. The Ever-Present Origin
I came from brillancy
And return to brillancy .
What is this ?
- the last poem of Hoshin
The current crisis in civilization could be described as a disillusionment with linear time - space .
Very much related to the understanding manifested in the Enneagrammatic circuit , human consciousness is in midst of understanding 4th dimensional perception : being not just immersed in time and space but also realizing the origin of time / space itself .
Ways of perceiving reality that take the “ Whole , ” into account .
Human beings , in other words , have come full circle .
We unconsciously have emerged from the source , and now consciously return to it .
Buddhist traditions describe “ finding the source , ” to be like a pond reflecting the moon , or a mirror reflecting anything that passes through it .
This is a very good analogy .
The formless is the source of all form , the timeless is the source of all time , and that is the paradox .
The “ enlightened , ” or “ awakened , ” are those who discovered reality is timeless and formless .
All possible times and all possible forms are happening now , an infinite now .
Yet , somehow there is no duality with the experience of being a human within time and form .
This is the original meaning of “ integral , ” in that it allows for a integration of the paradox : timeless time , formless form .
This realization is something potentially shared by the world ’s mystical traditions , though they each may describe it differently .
The experience of linear reality and linear time is a partially conscious state , whereby humanity has not yet recognized the whole state of being .
The current shift Gebser speaks of is both the “ death ” of a linear understanding of reality , and the birth of lucidity , realizing the “ ever present origin . ”
To be awake while dreaming is probably a good analogy here : when you are conscious that you are dreaming while you are still dreaming .
By discovering ourselves as being - in - truth , we allow for an outpouring of the spiritual present .
Lost is the demand to continuously add more to ourselves , to “ build ” ourselves up with transient pieces , but instead we discover our already - wholeness , for which no partial view of reality could ever rival or replace .
Is it possible that we may be at the beginning of an age where we creatively , consciously participate in evolution , as well as allowing it to work through us , lucid dreamers of reality itself ?
4. Implications for the world , a new planetary age :
I believe this “ shift ” in consciousness is enabling us to begin to see a bigger picture at work .
Human beings are undergoing this crisis together and on many levels , and it ’s not just us .
The Earth itself is going through a great evolution , we are a part of that .
It is now very difficult to simply view humanity as a collection of nation - states .
We have , in a very real sense , become the rudimentary form of a planetary civilization .
Economically , socially , politically , we have become interdependent .
Spiritually , is it any coincidence that the mystical teachings of the world ’s religions , which all claim such an underlying universality , are now accessible to the greatest amount of people in history ?
It is here , in this global age where the world has converged , that we face a crisis together , and as one species , one civilization we can emerge from it .
As our unconscious activities start to harm us more than help us , we appear to be falling ever - deeper into a crisis state , where old perceptions of reality become brittle .
Our conscious activities , from a larger scale , are largely unconscious : war , endless consumption , destruction of the biosphere , etc .
I believe that this clearly demonstrates something : though human beings are a new “ whole , ” they are also a “ part ” of a greater emerging consciousness .
Our current shortcomings in the midst of great planetary challenges , however , demonstrate something greater at work .
Human beings have an immense potential , and that is exactly what is emerging in this century .
Everything looks like it is falling apart , but that is because everything is opening up .
This is the flowering of Earth ’s consciousness in human beings .
Truly a new age is possible .
What can man do to bring about this mutation ?
… Man is in the world to sustain it as well as himself “ in truth , ” not for his or its own sake , but for the sake of the spiritual present .
It is this spiritual present which elevates wholeness to transparency and frees us from our transient age , for this age of ours is not the present but partiality and flight , indeed , almost a conclusion .
Only someone who knows of origin has present–living and dying in the whole , in integrity . ” - Jean Gebser , Ever Present Origin .
We pride ourselves on quality and to ensure your experience with us is enjoyable , each profile is reviewed by a member of staff to ensure that a standard level of quality is found .
We have offices in both Florida , USA and Kent in the United Kingdom and we may be contacted by telephone so members have a customer help line if they need it .
Online dating should not mean just online help .
Fior Markets
Newark , NJ , Sept. 30 , 2020 ( GLOBE NEWSWIRE ) --
As per the report published by Fior Markets , the global intragastric balloons market is expected to grow from USD 35.91 million in 2019 to USD 90.2 ...
A company called DomsNetwork will launch a weird amalgam of servants and gaming with their Youme platform .
Basically customers , the you , can send requests to a character , called a me .
Yous can select mes based on “ several demographic fields such as age , location , sex , height , weight ” and so on .
The request can be anything – talking to people , playing a game , going somewhere – as long as it does n’t require you “ to break the national laws of your country , or put you in danger . ”
The mes will be equipped with a bluetooth headset to receive instructions and a camera to stream footage to their yous .
If you ask me , I would n’t want to be a me .
I just do n’t think this will work .
Obviously if you want to be a you you ’ll have to pay a fee , and as a me you ’ll take a cut from that fee .
But as I said , this concept has so many things going against it .
For one , they ’ll have to put a price on all requests , which , going by their definition , have infinite variations .
Also , once you ’re under contract as a me , what if you ’re given a request that is n’t illegal or dangerous but is humiliating or painful ( but not lethal , like say slapping one ’s face 5 times ) ?
Would you want to be a you or a me ?
Will there be a we ?
Will there be us vs. them battles ?
Will there be hes , shes or its ?
Is this the best or the worst idea ever ?
[ via The Next Web ]
Book holidays in advance for the cheapest travel deals !
save by comparing prices and booking online if your going abroad you may need a valid visa & passport !
it is advisable to take out travel insurance and check your baggage allowance and flight times prior to departures .
It is mandatory for anyone visiting Pakistan to ensure they have a valid visa or a nicop card - NADRA which can be obtained from the Pakistani consulate , online appointments are now being allocated .
Please ask us for further details about this service .
You will find an abudance of historical and places of interest all over Pakistan , from the grand Faisal Mosque in Islamabad to the historical 17th century mughal era Badshai Mosque situated in the multicultural city of Lahore in the Punjab disctrict .
When arriving into any of Pakistan 's international or domestic airports you will find a number of taxi's , speedy rickshaws , colourful buses , minibuses , coaches and even car hire facilities located at Islamabad , Lahore , Karachi & Peshawar airports
Birmingham airport situated in the west midlands offering easy access to several motorways allows passengers direct and indirect departures to Pakistan 's capital city Islamabad with PIA offering direct and indirect flight options from Birmingham to Pakistan .
Travel from Manchester airport , the route is probably the busiest for the north of the country , due to the airports prime location it has the 2nd highest number of Pakistani passengers with direct and indirect options from Manchester to Pakistan .
Travel from Heathrow airport - one of the busiest airports in the world , it has no shortage of flights to Pakistan with a direct option on PIA to Islamabad , Lahore and Karachi and with several other major airlines operating throughout this route you are sure to find the best deals on your flight tickets to pakistan from london .
Travel Alert - PIA commences schedule changes between Pakistan and the UK , ensure you have reconfirmed your tickets with your travel agency - New Islamabad Airport is now fully operational and all flights are operating to and from this airport - Effective 03MAY2018 .
PIA
Now offers economy executive classes with the perks of business class , enquire today for pricing and availability alternatively signup to our newsletter for exciting offers sent directly to your inbox as soon as they become available .
git is a wicked - powerful distributed revision control system .
It is confusing to many , so there are myriad tutorials and explanations online to help people understand it .
This one will focus on the fundamental concepts and tasks rather than trying to compete with the documentation .
“ I ’m an egotistical bastard , and I name all my projects after myself .
First Linux , now git . ” ~ Linus Torvalds
Working Directory – the working directory is the directory where you have content that you want to manage with git .
Commit – a commit is a full snapshot of the contents of your working directory ( everything being tracked by git , anyway ) , and it ’s kept track of using a unique 40 character SHA1 hash .
This way , the exact state of your project can be referred to , copied , or restored at any time .
Index – the index can be considered a staging area .
It ’s where snapshots of changes are placed ( using git add ) before they get committed .
The index is crucial to git because it sits between the working directory and your various commits .
Branch – a branch is similar in concept to other versioning systems , but in git it ’s simply a pointer to a particular commit .
As you make additional commits within a branch , the branch pointer moves to point to your latest one .
To revert to a previous version of your code , the branch pointer is simply moved to point to another commit within that branch .
Understanding how these components work together is the key to understanding git .
First and foremost , it ’s important to understand that git has something called an index that sits between your working directory and your commits .
It ’s basically a staging area , so when you git add you copy a snapshot of your working directory to the index , and when you git commit you copy that same thing from the index to create a new commit .
It is crucial to understand the intermediate ( staging area ) nature of the git index in order to grasp the relationship and differences between adding and committing content .
git status is very helpful in understanding git because it shows you the differences between the working directory and the index and previous commits .
The “ status ” refers to the status of the working directory , so if you make a change in your content — say to index. php — and you run git status , it ’ll show you what ’s changed that is n’t yet staged for a commit ( in your index ) :
$ git status
On branch master Changed but not updated : ( use " git add ... " to update what will be committed ) ( use " git checkout -- ... " to discard changes in working directory ) modified : index .
php no changes added to commit ( use " git add " and / or " git commit - a " )
git diff is similar to git status , but it shows the differences between various commits , and between the working directory and the index .
git diff -- cached , on the other hand , shows you the difference between what ’s in the index vs. in your last commit .
Branches are just pointers to various commits .
Every project has a default pointer called Master .
As you continue to create commits within the default branch , the Master pointer follows you along so that it always points to the latest commit in the branch .
Branches are created using the git branch command , which creates a new branch label which points to the current commit .
So , until a new commit is made , both the previous and new branch labels will point to the current commit .
One way to think of them is “ File - > Save As Copy ” for your codebase .
Using this model , someone can then checkout the Master branch , make changes , and commit them .
The result would look like this .
Keep in mind that the “ Next Commit ” commit would only happen for someone who had the Master branch checked out .
If the same person who performed the git branch command immediately made changes , added them , and then committed them , they ’d have made another commit along the Test branch instead , like so :
If both branches had been checked out , worked on , and had a commit made , the diagram would look like so :
To change to and start working on a given branch , you have to check it out .
This is done with the git checkout command :
$ git checkout
Keep in mind that when you do this you will pull the copy of your project that exists at that branch ’s latest commit point , and it will overwrite your current working directory with that version of your project .
Creating code branches on a single system is enjoyable enough , but the real purpose of git is allowing people in disparate locations to contribute to a project .
You add remote repositories in git by using the git remote command , like so :
$ git remote add remotesite ssh://yourdomain.tld/path/to/remote/gitdirectory.git
[ This is using SSH as the protocol , but git supports many others as well . ]
Then you push your content from your local repository to the remote one , using the name you ’ve set up :
$ git push remotesite + master : refs/ heads / master
Then , to perform updates , you simply run git push with your target defined :
$ git push remotesite
If you have more than one person working on the project — each doing his own thing — eventually you ’re going to have to synchronize .
git handles this quite elegantly by simply moving the necessary branch pointers upon completion .
In the diagram below we merge Test into Master , and we simply end up with a later version of Master , as you might expect — only this version includes the changes that existed in Test as well .
NOTE : You want to make sure you ’re fully committed before you attempt a merge .
Not doing so invites wrath .
So now that we ’ve seen the various components of git in play , let ’s see how it all works together by creating a setup that allows us to manage a website remotely .
On Your Local System
Either have , or create , a web directory on your local system .
This is the main place you ’ll make changes from .
Start by changing directory into it .
git init
Create some content .
vi index.html
Add the content to git ‘s index .
git add index.html
Commit the changes .
git commit
On Your Server
Initiate a new git repository on the server .
mkdir / path/website.git && cd / path/website.git && git init –bare
Create your hook that will checkout the code to your actual web directory .
vi / path/website.git/hooks/post-update
GIT_WORK_TREE=/ path / htdocs git checkout -f
chmod +x /path/website.git/hooks/post-update
Back on the Local System
Add the remote directory to the local config .
git remote add website ssh://path/server/website.git
Push the contents of the local repository to the remote one .
git push website + master :refs/heads /master
Then , change things locally and to upload changes , simply do a :
git push website
The changes will upload to the remote git repository and trigger the post - update hook , which copies the contents of the repository to the working directory — your live website directory ( htdocs ) .
[ To update from the server side you can execute git commands as usual , but you must provide environment context with each command , like so : ]
GIT_DIR=/path/website.git GIT_WORK_TREE=/path/htdocs git $ some_git_command
[ On the server you wo n’t have to push after you add and commit , as using the environment variables above will mean the committed changes will already be present in the repository . ]
git has a powerful feature called tags , which allow you to define an intuitive name to a given commit — like “ Gold Version ” , or “ Version 3 ” , or “ Before Production ” .
These are done using git tag ( easy enough ) .
You can then check out that version just like a branch , only this will point to that specific point in time .
git tag Gold
… and later on …
git checkout Gold
There are a good number of git commands , and the documentation is excellent , so I wo n’t cover many here .
Here are some I think are worth mentioning .
git bisect – allows you to isolate the exact code push that caused a problem by executing git bisect bad to mark the current ( broken location ) , then restore to a known - good configuration , and then git will step you through each commit you ’ve made in between the two .
For each one you then either git bisect good or bad until you ’ve found your error - causing commit .
– allows you to isolate the exact code push that caused a problem by executing to mark the current ( broken location ) , then restore to a known - good configuration , and then git will step you through each commit you ’ve made in between the two .
For each one you then either git bisect good or bad until you ’ve found your error - causing commit .
git stash – sets changes you ’ve made off to the side in a way that lets you bring them back later .
Usage : you are about to checkout another branch which would crush your current changes , so you git stash them before doing your checkout .
– sets changes you ’ve made off to the side in a way that lets you bring them back later .
Usage : you are about to checkout another branch which would crush your current changes , so you them before doing your checkout .
git rm / mv – deletes / moves items in the working directory with visibility to git so that you can commit afterwards .
– deletes / moves items in the working directory with visibility to so that you can commit afterwards .
git reset – resets to a specified state ( commit ) .
– resets to a specified state ( commit ) .
git status – show the status of the working tree — including differences between the index and the current commit , differences between the working tree and the index , and items within the working tree that are not tracked by git .
– show the status of the working tree — including differences between the index and the current commit , differences between the working tree and the index , and items within the working tree that are not tracked by .
git log – show a log of commits
– show a log of commits
git clone – clone a repository into a new directory .
– clone a repository into a new directory .
git clean – remove untracked files from the working directory .
Notes
1 Be sure to restrict access to your .git directory on your server if it resides within the presented content .
Recommended
Other git Tutorials
Click to play – Right click to download
In recent times there is one series of books that got a generation of children to read and many adults as well .
We really do n’t need to tell you as you can see from the image on this podcast !
Well , you are right it is ‘ Harry Potter ’ !
In this episode Gerri and Eugenia , discuss the books , the films , and much more .
This book is of course an epic ‘ heroes ’it ’s a tale , about good over evil , boy meets girl , a crime story , and of course inspirational !
So who would not love it ?
Gerri and Eugenia talk about the fans who are very invested in this tale .
There is fan - fiction , blogs , podcasts and even clubs all over the world .
A generation of children grew up with Harry Potter and we mean then grew up around the same age and as Harry did so did they .
The characters are strong and Hermione Grainger of course , is who every girl wanted to be .
She was smart , the best at magic and was also prepared to make sure Harry did what he had to .
The series of books is very reminiscent of the British boarding school books from the 40 - 60s and of course many people who would have gone to them appeared in the series .
If you see an actor in another show , film , television and they are from the UK or Ireland then the probably have been in the movies .
So Gerri and Eugenia are talking to two actors who played iconic roles in the series .
Firstly , Robbie Jarvis who played James Potter in some of the early backstory .
Their other interview is with Stansilav Yaneviski , that enigmatic Quidditch player Viktor Krum , who once tried to win Hermione ’s heart .
Gerri and Eugenia would like to thank Oz Comic Con www.ozcomiccon.com and Sophie Blue of Blue Planet PR www.blueplanetpr.com.au for offering them the opportunity to interview Robbie .
Gerri and Eugenia would also like to thank Daniel from Supanova www.supanova.com.au and Lionel Midford www.lionelmidfordpublicity.com for offering them the opportunity to interview Stanislav .
IT WAS the kind of student conference I hate .
“ I ’ll do better , ’’ my student told me , leaning forward in his chair .
“ I know I ’ve gotten behind this semester , but I ’m going to turn things around .
Would it be OK if I finished all my uncompleted work by Monday ? ’’
I sat silent for a moment .
“ Yes .
But it ’s important that you catch up completely this weekend , so that you ’re not just perpetually behind . ’’
A few weeks later , I would conduct a nearly identical conversation with two other students .
And , again , there would be no tangible result :
No make - up papers .
No change in effort .
No improvement in time management .
By the time students are in college , habits can be tough to change .
If you ’re used to playing video games like “ Modern Warfare ’ ’ or “ Halo ’ ’ all night , how do you fit in four hours of homework ?
Or rest up for class ?
Teaching in college , especially one with a large international student population , has given me a stark - and unwelcome - illustration of how Americans ’ work ethic often pales in comparison with their peers from overseas .
My “ C , ’’ “ D , ’’ and “ F ’’ students this semester are almost exclusively American , while my students from India , China , and Latin America have - despite language barriers - generally written solid papers , excelled on exams , and become valuable class participants .
One girl from Shanghai became a fixture at office hours , embraced our college writing center , and incessantly e-mailed me questions about her evolving papers .
Her English is still mediocre : she frequently puts “ the ’’ everywhere ( as in “ the leader supported the feminism and the environmentalism ’ ’ ) and confuses “ his ’’ and “ her . ’’
But that did n’t stop her from doing rewrite after rewrite , tirelessly trying to improve both structure and grammar .
Chinese undergraduates have consistently impressed me with their work ethic , though I have seen similar habits in students from India , Thailand , Brazil , and Venezuela .
Often , they ’ve done little English - language writing in their home countries , and they frequently struggle to understand my lectures .
But their respect for professors - and for knowledge itself - is palpable .
The students listen intently to everything I say , whether in class or during office hours , and try to engage in the conversation .
Too many 18 - year - old Americans , meanwhile , text one another under their desks ( certain they are sly enough to go unnoticed ) , check e-mail , decline to take notes , and appear tired and disengaged .
Of course , it would be wrong to suggest that all American students are the same .
I ’ve taught many who were hardworking , talented , and deeply impressive .
They listened intently , enriched class discussions , and never shied away from rewrites .
At their best , American students marry knowledge and innovation , resulting in some astoundingly creative work .
But creativity without knowledge - a common phenomenon - is just not enough .
Too many American students simply lack the basics .
In 2002 , a National Geographic - Roper survey found that most 18 - to 24 - year - olds could not find Afghanistan , Iraq , or Japan on a map , ranking them behind counterparts in Sweden , Great Britain , Canada , Italy , Japan , France , and Germany .
And in 2007 the American Institutes for Research reported that eighth graders in even our best - performing states - like Massachusetts - scored below peers in Singapore , South Korea , and Japan , while students in our worst - performing states - like Mississippi - were on par with eighth graders in Slovakia , Romania , and Russia .
We ’ve got a knowledge gap , spurred by a work - ethic gap .
Which brings me to another grade - challenged student , who once sprinted across campus to talk to me .
“ I ’m really sorry I missed office hours , ’’ he said .
“ Do you have time to talk ? ’’
“ I have a meeting in a couple of minutes , ’’ I said .
“ But you can walk with me . ’’
“ OK , ’’ he said .
“ I really enjoy your class , and I think I can do better .
How can I improve my grade ? ’’
I looked at him sideways .
“ Well , you might start with staying awake . ’’
“ Yeah , ’’ he grinned , looking at his shoes .
“ Sorry about that .
There ’s always stuff going on in my dorm late at night .
I have to learn to be better about time management . ’’
Of course , he had it exactly right .
Success is all about time management , and in a globalizing economy , Americans ’ inability to stay focused and work hard could prove to be a serious problem .
Nowhere , sadly , is this clearer than in the classroom .
Kara Miller teaches rhetoric and history at Babson College .
She wrote a follow - up to this column in response to the many comments received .
© Copyright 2011 Globe Newspaper Company .
The Top Gear Cool Wall ranks cars in four categories , from Seriously Uncool to Sub Zero ( which is really , really cool ) , using a highly unscientific method that no one can get an exact grip on .
If you 're hooked on trying to figure out whether a car is beyond uncool , like the Fiat Panda , or Sub Zero , like the Ford GT , then there 's an app for that .
It 's called " Cool Wall , " and you can get it over at Apple 's iTunes store .
Looks like TG may have released the app before it was finished cooking , however : it 's $ 1.99 and so far , the reviews are mixed , with purchasers complaining about things like cropped pictures of cars .
The app page claims updates are on the way , but buyer beware in the meantime .
Thanks for the tip , Bryan !
[ Source : Top Gear via iTunes
I wonder how many people have noticed and wondered why al - Qaida or other Islamic - terrorist groups have n’t tried to blow up airliners bound for Stockholm , Cape Town , Buenos Aires , or Zurich ?
Might it be because their governments are neither perceived as occupiers nor closely associated with U.S. policy in the Middle East and South Asia ?
Why is n’t this prickly but crucial issue ever addressed ?
Perhaps it ’s because the answer is assumed to be self - evident .
Terrorists : Bad. USA : Good .
More ominously , this discussion is avoided because its airing would make it more difficult for our leaders to sell their policies to a more informed , more skeptical public .
First , it ’s important to grasp that any attempt to understand motives and grievances does n’t mean one condones barbaric behavior visited upon innocent civilians .
Washington must do everything possible to prevent our citizens from being attacked .
But second , if U.S. policy in the Middle East and South Asia actually exacerbates terrorism , do n’t we have a responsibility to ourselves to openly address that possibility ?
Have we become so fearful , so unsure of ourselves as a people that despite accumulating doubts about our role in the world , we remain silent and obediently follow the official line ?
I take no pleasure in asserting that U.S. policy could not be more advantageous to al - Qaida if they ’d drawn it up themselves .
As several experts now agree , today ’s al - Qaida is less in need of geographical safe havens than a durable list of righteous grievances to stoke anger and attract recruits .
And the historical record shows that U.S. policy is constantly churning a combustible cauldron of bitter anti-American feelings .
Glenn Greenwald , who blogs on Salon.com , ( highly recommended ) writes “ … [ W ] hat do we think is going to happen if we continuously invade , occupy and bomb Muslim countries and arm and enable others to do so ? ”
For example , eight days prior to the reprehensible “ underpants bomber ’s ” near miss on Northwest Flight # 253 , it was reported that 28 children had been killed in a U.S. air attack in Abyan , Yemen .
Is it unthinkable that as a consequence some Yemenis might be vexed and sympathize with al - Qaida ?
In a post to the Islamic Forum , the failed bomber Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab denounced the U.S. “ war on terror ” because of “ the death of thousands of innocent lives and thousands more detained illegally without trial or judgement . ”
Washington has longstanding overt , covert , and threatened wars and occupations going on in Iraq , Afghanistan , Somalia , Yemen , Pakistan and Iran — all Muslim countries .
These actions are deeply resented — hated really — by some 365 million people in the region .
Include U.S. support for tyrannical regimes in places like Egypt and Saudi Arabia and unconditional complicity in Israel ’s brutal apartheid policy in Palestine and the real question is why is n’t there more blowback toward us ?
Finally , absent any serious discussion of motives and grievances , Washington ’s policy will continue to enrage and engage more recruits to terrorism , swell the number of pointless U.S. combat deaths and make the world an even more dangerous place for all of us .
The future is n’t hopeless but unless we remove our ideological blinders and see the world as it actually exists , that future is precarious at best .
The health of 1.4 million people is being put at risk by the ongoing Israeli and Egyptian blockade of Gaza , a report by more than 80 humanitarian organisations warned today .
The aid groups , including the World Health Organisation and UN agencies , said more than one - fifth of sick Palestinians who needed to leave the territory for treatment in Israel had either been refused or had their applications delayed .
The groups called on Israel and Egypt to open the border crossings with Gaza .
Max Gaylard , the UN humanitarian co-ordinator for the Palestinian territories , said the blockade undermined the local healthcare system and put lives at risk .
" It is causing ongoing deterioration in the social , economic and environmental determinants of health , " he said .
" It is hampering the provision of medical supplies and the training of health staff , and it is preventing patients with serious medical conditions from getting timely specialised treatment . "
The agencies highlighted the case of a student , Fidaa Hijji , who died of cancer while waiting for Israeli permission to go to hospital for a bone marrow operation .
Repeated applications to cross the border were ignored even though Hijji , who was 18 when her cancer was diagnosed in 2007 , had confirmed medical appointments .
Permission for her entry to Israel was finally given a day after she died last month .
Israel generally permits supplies of drugs into Gaza , but not always of enough to prevent shortages .
Certain medical equipment , such as x-ray and electronic devices , is difficult to bring in and clinical staff frequently lack equipment they need , the UN said .
The blockade was imposed after Hamas militants seized control of Gaza in 2007 .
Health professionals in Gaza have been cut off from the outside world , with few doctors , nurses or technicians able to leave for the training necessary to update their clinical skills or learn about new medical technology during the past decade , the agencies said .
Many specialised treatments , such as heart surgery and some cancer treatments , are unavailable in Gaza .
" An effective healthcare system cannot be sustained in isolation from the international community , " Tony Laurance , the WHO head in the West Bank and Gaza , said .
" Open borders are needed to ensure the health of the 1.4 million people in Gaza . "
WHO figures indicate that 21 % of the 1,103 applications last month to travel to Israel for hospital appointments were denied or delayed .
Twenty - nine patients died last year awaiting referral , down from 46 in 2008 .
An Israeli spokesman said approvals had increased by 25 % since 2008 .
" Not only are we doing our utmost to allow the people of Gaza every possible medical treatment , but we are doing this in a situation in which their own government is imposing a state of war and trying deliberately to harm Israelis , including those whose mission is to assist the very people of Gaza , " Yigal Palmor , a spokesman for Israel 's foreign ministry , said .
In a daring midday raid that showed insurgents ’ ability to strike the Pakistani military virtually at will , militants Friday stormed a Rawalpindi mosque filled with military officers and their children , killing at least 37 people with a deadly combination of gunfire , grenades and suicide bomb blasts .
The attack , which also injured at least 86 people , was the latest in a series of devastating terrorist strikes meant as retaliation for the Pakistani military ’s assault on Taliban strongholds in South Waziristan and other tribal areas along the nation ’s border with Afghanistan .
The dead included 27 civilians , 17 of them children , said army spokesman Maj.
Gen. Athar Abbas .
The government asserts that it has uprooted Taliban fighters from most of South Waziristan , but military commanders acknowledge that troops have killed only about 600 of the estimated 10,000 militants based in the largely ungoverned tribal region .
Most of the militants and their leaders have fled to other tribal districts along the Afghan border .
In the meantime , militants have carried out suicide attacks and commando - style raids across Pakistan in an attempt to erode popular support for the military ’s operations .
Since early October , more than 400 people have been killed in those attacks .
As with the attack Friday in Rawalpindi , the targets have often been the armed forces , police and intelligence agency installations , or places where military officers are known to gather .
The boldest of those strikes occurred Oct. 10 in Rawalpindi at the army ’s headquarters , a sprawling , heavily guarded complex that is the military ’s nerve center .
Militants shot their way through checkpoints and held 42 officers and civilian employees hostage in one of the buildings .
The 22 - hour standoff ended when Pakistani commandos killed nine of the militants and arrested their leader , but the raid also left 14 military officers and civilian workers dead .
The latest attack in Rawalpindi appeared to be timed to cause maximum carnage .
It occurred on a Friday afternoon , when Muslims traditionally head to mosques for a special weekly prayer .
Shortly before 1:40 p.m. , four militants converged on the Parade Lane Mosque , the primary place of worship for retired and active military officers who live in the surrounding Qasim Market neighborhood .
The mosque is next to an army parade ground , and is about a five - minute drive from the Pakistani army ’s headquarters .
Army officials said the militants did not try to enter the mosque through a heavily secured main gate .
They may have scaled a boundary wall to get onto the grounds , one official said , though investigators are still looking into how the militants were able to breach the mosque ’s security .
“ The area is a high - security zone , ” Abbas , the army spokesman , told Dawn news channel .
“ But it is yet to be established where the breach took place .
It appears definitely there was a security breach somewhere . ”
Two of the militants entered the mosque , which was filled with about 200 worshipers , army officials said .
The mosque is usually restricted to active and retired military personnel and their families .
The militants inside the mosque lobbed grenades at the worshipers while the other two outside sprayed the room with gunfire , army officials said .
Then the two militants inside detonated the explosives vests they were wearing .
The two militants outside exchanged gunfire with security forces .
The crossfire kept rescue workers from getting into the building , said Abdur Rehman , chief of Rawalpindi ’s emergency rescue agency .
Once the gunfire subsided , Rehman went into the mosque .
“ I saw so many dead bodies , ” he said .
“ There were charred body parts on the floor , and huge amounts of blood .
It was a terrible scene . ”
Police and soldiers cordoned off the neighborhood , while military helicopters hovered overhead .
By late afternoon , army officials said , the other two militants were dead , though they did not say whether security forces shot them or whether they had killed themselves .
Abbas said the 10 military personnel slain were a major general , two lieutenant colonels , a colonel , two majors , another officer and three soldiers .
Among the injured was Muhammad Yousuf , a former vice chief army commander during Gen. Pervez Musharraf ’s rule .
Friday ’s attack was the 15th major terrorist strike in Pakistan since Oct. 17 , when the government sent 30,000 troops into South Waziristan to quell the Pakistani Taliban .
This week , a suicide bomber killed two people outside the navy headquarters in Islamabad , the Pakistani capital .
Abbas said that as the Pakistani military has advanced on Taliban strongholds in the Waziristan region , the militant group has nurtured sleeper cells in the country ’s densely populated cities that are difficult to ferret out , largely because the militants are able to easily blend in .
“ They ’re in the pipeline , and they ’re probably going to conduct such attacks , ” Abbas said .
“ So these are the last acts of this organization , desperate acts .
We ’ll have to see and absorb a few more like that . ”
alex.rodriguez@latimes.com
26 Nov 2009
Some of the world 's leading names in science and ethics - including two Nobel Prize winners - have challenged society to rethink attitudes to the commercialisation of scientific knowledge in a ‘ Manifesto ’ published today .
The renowned group of 50 signatories is led by moral philosopher Professor John Harris and Nobel Prize winning biologist Professor Sir John Sulston , both from the Institute for Science , Ethics and Innovation ( iSEI ) at The University of Manchester .
Nobel Laureate and Chair of the Brooks World Poverty Institute at The University of Manchester , Professor Joseph Stiglitz , is also among the signatories .
The ‘ Manchester Manifesto ’ calls for a reassessment of the current system of patents and intellectual property regulated by national and international laws .
According to Professors Harris and Sulston , the system is in desperate need of change because it excludes poorer people from access to essential medicines and expertise .
They both say profit should not override the needs of the public despite it being currently the primary reward for research and development .
Professor Sulston received a Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine in 2002 and was a key member of the Human Genome project team .
He chairs iSEI and has been a vocal critic of a biopharmaceutical company 's patenting of two genes closely associated with breast and ovarian cancer .
The US Government allowed Myriad Genetics to patent tests of the genes , sparking fury from patients and a campaign by the American Civil Liberties Union - supported by Professor Sulston .
He said : " It shocks many people when they realise that even our genes fall under intellectual property law .
" Genes are naturally occurring things , not inventions , and part of humanity 's rich heritage .
" We can not restrict essential research into diseases such as cancer to only those who can afford to pay .
" The current method of managing innovation and intellectual property has an adverse effect on many impoverished people - especially in the developing world .
" The system is wrong : powerful states have huge influence in the way the rules are created and tailor them to their own advantage .
" We also ask for a strong commitment from Western Governments to increase assistance to the developing world to build capacity for their own scientific research . "
Professor Harris , who is the Director of iSEI said : " The Manchester Manifesto is a first attempt to answer the question ‘ Who Owns Science ?’.
" And from our work , it is clear that the existing model , while serving some necessary purposes , also impedes achievement of core scientific goals .
" In many cases access to scientific knowledge and products has been cut off , stopping the benefits of science in its tracks .
" The system restricts the flow of information and it can hinder innovation through the costly and complicated nature of the system .
" Limited improvements may be achieved through modification of the current IP system , but consideration of alternative models is urgently required .
“ iSEI is coordinating a programme of further work including edited books , education programmes and meetings , details of which are also available . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A " nationwide celebration " will be held to mark The Queen 's Diamond Jubilee , the government has announced .
Events to mark
The Queen 's 60 years on the throne will take place in the first weekend of June 2012 , with an extra bank holiday being created .
Lord Mandelson said it would be a " truly historic occasion " which would allow the British people to show their " pride and affection " for The Queen .
He also announced that Greenwich would become a royal borough .
The Queen 's Golden Jubilee in 2002 was marked by celebrations across the UK , including a royal tour and a pop concert featuring guitarist Brian May playing a God Save the Queen solo from the roof of Buckingham Palace .
First Secretary of State Lord Mandelson told peers that a series of " fitting events " would be held in the summer to 2012 to mark the Queen 's Diamond Jubilee and that planning was at an early stage .
' Remarkable achievement '
He said the government had agreed to grant an additional bank holiday on Tuesday 5 June to provide a focal point for the celebrations .
In addition , the traditional Bank Holiday at the end of May will , in 2012 , be moved to 4 June to make it a four day weekend .
He said that although bank holidays were a devolved matter the government would " work closely " with the Scottish Government " to ensure that people across the United Kingdom can celebrate the jubilee together " .
Noting that Queen Victoria was the only previous British monarch to have reigned for 60 years , Lord Mandelson said 2012 would be a " landmark year " .
Hailing
The Queen 's time as sovereign as " near - perfect " , Lord Mandelson said the celebrations would give the British people the opportunity to show their " great pride and affection " for the Queen and her contribution to British life .
" People across the whole country will want the chance to recognise this remarkable achievement , " he said .
Special commemorative medals are to be issued to mark the anniversary , with recipients likely to be those who have shown " tremendous service " to the country .
Olympics Lord Mandelson said he would consult on this and said he would also consider other suggestions including a special horse race - reflecting the Queen 's love of equine interests - to mark the event .
Queen Elizabeth II ascended to the throne in February 1952 after the death of her father , King George VI .
The Diamond Jubilee weekend will take place just weeks before the start of the London Olympics with host of other events are likely to take place in the monarch 's honour such as a service of thanksgiving , possibly at St Paul 's Cathedral .
Republic , which supports an elected head of state in the UK , said 2012 should see a " meaningful debate " on the future of the monarchy and proposals for " serious reform " .
" If we want an extra public holiday , are n't there better dates to choose from ? " said spokesman Graham Smith .
" Armistice Day would be a good start , recognising those ordinary men and women who make real sacrifices for our country . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
news Digital Grassroots Puts Harper on Notice
If a poll were taken to assess the attitudes of Canadians , even the politically engaged , in the days and weeks before the January 23 anti-prorogation demonstrations , the results probably would n’t be that flattering .
Perhaps “ failure ” is an unfairly strong word , but to many , the predicted outcome of several weeks ’ organizing was an anticlimax , an end to which some less - than - faithful optimists found themselves resigned .
With elections like 2008 ’s , you ca n’t really blame those who pointed their fingers at a well - honed sense of Canadian cynicism , even as the headlines heralded a two hundred thousand–strong wave of resistance on Facebook .
Most shrugged their shoulders and intoned four Twitter - era syllables : slacktivism .
The Onion ’s Mike DiCenzo put it best .
“ For years , government - backed Arab forces known as the Janjaweed militia had attempted to wipe out black farmers in Sudan ’s western Darfur region , ” he joked to Youth Radio ‘s Nico Savidge .
“ However , just as they were about to set fire to another village , word reached them that an American teenager thought that what was happening in Sudan ‘ sucked . ’
After learning that all her friends agreed , they immediately called off the whole genocide . ”
To the cynics , it was probably assumed that Saturday ’s protests would amount to something similar : a quarter - million Facebook avatars united in armchair dissent while maybe a few hundred people actually took to the streets .
Twitter would be alight with hundred - character manifestos ; for an hour or so , the halls of power would tremble , at least until eclipsed by Conan O’Brien ’s farewell “ Freebird ” solo the night before .
Call it the growing pains of a still - nascent digital medium .
Although Twitter has shaken despotic strangleholds on information — especially in places like Iran , as we saw with grim clarity during the summer of 2009 — it ’s characteristic of our disaffection to see it and other social networking tools as the essence of Western sloth , not a powerful facilitator .
Assumption suggests that if given the opportunity , anything that invites us to sit vacantly in front of a monitor having the day ’s news pumped into our brains will keep us there : a passivity antithetical to the demands of a mobilized grassroots .
So when the time comes to organize , does that mean Canadians will rally as passively as they consume ?
Walied Khogali , who helmed much of the weekend ’s anti-prorogation action , does n’t think so .
“ With regards to the acccusations of ‘ slacktivism , ' ” he told Torontoist , “ I believe Canadians have proven the pundits and cynics wrong .
Saturday ’s turnout illustrates that .
Only four thousand folks confirmed on Facebook that they [ would ] be attending that rally .
I think on Saturday that number was tripled . ”
Estimates of the day ’s turnout are a matter of dispute , but Khogali cites the crowd he saw — ten to twelve thousand strong — as a triumph .
“ The rally in Toronto was a success , ” he said , “ clearly demonstrating that Canadians do care about their Parliament and the state of our democracy .
The proroguing of Parliament and suspension of democracy affects all Canadians , irrespective of their political affiliations . ”
He pointed to assemblies of ex-pats from as far afield as San Francisco , Oman , New York , London , and Dallas as further evidence “ that all Canadians are paying attention , and they want a working government and less of the partisanship . ”
Canadians , divided by both party and geography , had risen against their government .
And for a movement that started on a Facebook page , it was anything but “ slacktivist . ”
Some might describe it as a coming of age for the digital grassroots in Canada , what Khogali calls “ netroots . ”
The past few years have seen online activism striding into substantive reality , with meaningful , real - world results , from Anonymous ’ creative , snowballing movement against the Church of Scientology to the presidential campaign of Barack Obama .
But with Canadians Against Proroguing Parliament joining those ranks comes a greater responsibility to stick to its own dissent , taking a cue from those with Guy Fawkes masks and “ Change ” T - shirts , especially considering the Harper government ’s plans for the internet itself .
In the end , though , it all comes back to the people , especially at historic turning points .
What should simultaneously boost Canadians and terrify Harper is what we saw aboard the eastbound subway at High Park Station , a rare display of pan-political camaraderie in a country defined by anything but .
“ I ’m just saying he works for us , ” said the young kid with the dreads and the flannel , clearly expecting a fight .
“ I do n’t care .
You can argue about war and the environment and the economy all you want , but this is a democracy .
He works for us . ”
The older gentleman , similarly clad in flannel of his own , adorned with pins commenting on gun control and the need to support our troops , among other issues , could have been his grandfather .
He smiled , grabbing the younger kid ’s hand with a firm , friendly shake .
“ I hear that , buddy , ” he said .
“ I hear that . ”
Photos by Miles Storey / Torontoist
Pratt &
Whitney , purveyors of jet engines for civilian and military applications , did a study on this many years ago , without actually intending to do the study .
They went on the same metrics kick everyone else went on in the 1990s .
They collected a bunch of data about their jet engine controller projects , including timecard data .
They crunched it .
The poor sap who got to crunch the data noticed something in the results : the military projects uniformly had twice the programmer productivity and one / fourth the defect density as the civilian projects .
This , by itself , is significant .
It means you only need half as many programmers , and you are n't going to spend quite as much time fixing bugs .
What is even more important is that this was an apples - to - apples comparison .
A jet engine controller is a jet engine controller .
He then went looking for candidate explanations .
All of the usual candidates : individual experience , team size , toolsets , software processes , requirements stability , everything , were trotted out , and they were ruled out when it was seen that the story on those items was uniformly the same on both sides of the aisle .
At the end of the day , only one statistically significant difference showed up .
The civilian projects were written in every language you could think of .
The military projects were all written in Ada .
IN EVERY SINGLE CASE , against every other comer , for jet engine controllers at Pratt & Whitney , using Ada gave double the productivity and one / fourth the defect density .
I know what the flying code monkeys are going to say .
" You can do good work in any language . "
In theory , that 's true .
In practice , however , it appears that , at least at Pratt & Whitney , language made a difference .
Last I heard about this , Pratt & Whitney upper management decreed that ALL jet engine controller projects would be done in Ada .
No , I do n't have a citation .
No paper was ever written .
My source on this story was the poor sap who crunched the numbers .
This , incidentally , was BEFORE Boeing did the 777 , and BEFORE the 777 brake subcontractor story happened .
But that 's another story .
Man , you thought Garmin and TomTom were in trouble when Google announced its free Navigation service ... wait until investors hear Nokia 's news .
Reuters is reporting that Nokia will offer free navigation on its smartphones .
However , instead of just the US ( the current Google limitation sans hacking ) , Nokia will be demonstrating its reach by offering free turn - by - turn directions in 74 countries and 46 languages -- a move that should cover 20 million smartphones globally with Ovi Maps available in over 180 countries .
Damn . :
The original San Francisco Chronicle report has been pulled but Google cache caught a bit more saying that Nokia 's navigation service is " capable of operating completely offline " unlike Google Navigation which requires data connectivity . :
Nokia just made the download link live .
Hey , where 's the N97 and N900 love ?
And it 's official .
Starting today , Ovi Maps walk and drive navigation is free across the globe .
Drivers receive turn - by - turn voice guidance including lane assistance , traffic information ( in 10 countries including the US ) , and safety camera and speed warnings while pedestrians will be guided on shortcuts through parks and pedestrian - only zones in over 100 cities across the globe .
It all works offline too , which should extend battery life and keep that navigation humming even while puttering about in data dead zones without racking up international roaming charges ( take that , Google ) .
From March 2010 , all new Nokia GPS - enabled smartphones will come installed with the new Ovi Maps application and pre-loaded with local country map data and walk and drive navigation with access to location - aware Lonely Planet and Michelin travel guides at no extra cost .
Additional premium guides like a weather service and events / movies are also included .
Just 10 devices from Nokia 's massive catalog are available today -- a list that includes the N97 Mini , 5800 XpressMusic , 5800 navigation edition , E52 , E55 , E72 , 5230 , 6710 navigator , 6730 classic and X6 .
So what 's missing ?
The N97 and N900 of course .
Find out why after the break .
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) -- Goldman Sachs Group Inc. scrapped cash bonuses for top executives for this year and unveiled other compensation changes Thursday after pressure from some shareholders and tough new government curbs on pay in the financial sector .
Goldman GS , +2.12 % said its 30 - person management committee will get bonuses in the form of " shares at risk " in 2009 instead of cash .
The shares can not be sold for five years .
The management committee includes Chief Executive Officer Lloyd Blankfein , Chief Financial Officer David Viniar and Chief Operating Officer Gary Cohn .
The five - year holding period includes a bulked - up provision that lets Goldman take the shares back if employees conduct " materially improper risk analysis " or fail to voice concerns about risks enough , the firm said .
Goldman did n't say who or how such things will be decided , but the firm said the provision goes beyond its current " clawback " system , which covers fraud , malfeasance and any other employee conduct that hurts the firm .
Read related commentary about Goldman 's new pay plan .
Shareholders will also get an advisory vote on Goldman 's compensation principals and the pay of its top executive officers at its 2010 annual meeting , the firm added .
Goldman came through last year 's financial crisis better than most large financial institutions , and it reported record results earlier this year .
However , that 's left a huge bonus pool , which has become controversial because some critics claim it benefited a lot from the bailout of American International Group AIG , +0.87 % and other government efforts to save the financial system from collapse .
By the end of the third quarter , Goldman had accrued more than $ 15 billion to cover the cost of year - end bonuses , salaries , health care and other employee benefits .
Goldman was among the first institutions to repay government investment it got from the Trouble Asset Relief Program , or TARP .
The firm has also argued that it would have been fine if AIG had been allowed to collapse .
By showing that it could have managed without government help , Goldman likely hoped to avoid too many restrictions on how it pays executives and other top employees , giving it a potential recruiting edge over rivals like Citigroup Inc. C , +1.62 % and Bank of America Corp. BAC , +1.34 % that have leaned more heavily on taxpayers .
However , some Goldman shareholders have reportedly expressed concern about the firm 's hefty compensation recently .
That may have encouraged the firm to unveil Thursday 's changes .
" This is actually quite heartening , " said Thomas Conaghan , a partner in the Washington , D.C. , office of McDermott Will & Emery LLP who specializes in securities law , corporate governance and executive compensation .
" Most of the focus right now in the marketplace has been on big banks rushing to repay TARP so they can again pay large cash bonuses to their senior people , " Conaghan added .
" This decision by Goldman Sachs is really going to put pressure on those banks to act responsibly in their executive compensation practices . "
Goldman 's announcement also came after the U.K. government introduced a 50 % tax on bank bonuses over 25,000 pounds ( $ 40,700 ) .
The tax may affect U.K. - based employees of Goldman and other U.S. financial institutions .
See story on U.K. pre-budget report .
France may be considering a similar tax .
Read about France 's possible bonus tax .
Blankfein said Goldman 's policies accurately reflect its performance and encourage behavior that 's " in the public 's and our shareholders ' best interests . "
" By subjecting our compensation principles and executive compensation to a shareholder advisory vote , we are further strengthening our dialogue with shareholders on the important issue of compensation , " he added in a statement .
Goldman said it will continue to refine and improve its pay practices , by linking compensation to multi- year performance , aligning compensation with the long - term interests of the firm and shareholders , while making sure there are enough incentives to attract , retain and motivate talented employees , without encouraging excessive risk - taking .
Goldman shares edged up 29 cents to close at $ 166.73 Thursday .
[ via ]
In a salute to luxury brand Chanel , artist Tetsuya Noguchi has created some concept samurai armor suits designed to appeal to the fashion - conscious warrior .
Made from resin , cashew lacquer , cloth and glass , the exquisitely crafted protective suits sport the iconic double - C logo , allowing the wearer to flaunt his superior social status while crushing the enemy on the battlefield .
[ via ]
[ via ]
[ via ]
Related :
- Samurai dog armor
- PET bottle armor
- Mickey the Knight
The concept of " logical rudeness " ( which I 'm pretty sure I first found here , HT ) is one that I should write more about , one of these days .
One develops a sense of the flow of discourse , the give and take of argument .
It 's possible to do things that completely derail that flow of discourse without shouting or swearing .
These may not be considered offenses against politeness , as our so - called " civilization " defines that term .
But they are offenses against the cooperative exchange of arguments , or even the rules of engagement with the loyal opposition .
They are logically rude .
Suppose , for example , that you 're defending X by appealing to Y , and when I seem to be making headway on arguing against Y , you suddenly switch ( without having made any concessions ) to arguing that it does n't matter if ~Y because Z still supports X ; and when I seem to be making headway on arguing against Z , you suddenly switch to saying that it does n't matter if ~Z because Y still supports X .
This is an example from an actual conversation , with X = " It 's okay for me to claim that I 'm going to build AGI in five years yet not put any effort into Friendly AI " , Y = " All AIs are automatically ethical " , and Z = " Friendly AI is clearly too hard since SIAI has n't solved it yet " .
Even if you never scream or shout , this kind of behavior is rather frustrating for the one who has to talk to you .
If we are ever to perform the nigh - impossible task of actually updating on the evidence , we ought to acknowledge when we take a hit ; the loyal opposition has earned that much from us , surely , even if we have n't yet conceded .
If the one is reluctant to take a single hit , let them further defend the point .
Swapping in a new argument ?
That 's frustrating .
Swapping back and forth ?
That 's downright logically rude , even if you never raise your voice or interrupt .
The key metaphor is flow .
Consider the notion of " semantic stopsigns " , words that halt thought .
A stop sign is something that happens within the flow of traffic .
Swapping back and forth between arguments might seem merely frustrating , or rude , if you take the arguments at face value - if you stay on the object level .
If you jump back a level of abstraction and try to sense the flow of traffic , and imagine what sort of traffic signal this corresponds to ... well , you would n't want to run into a traffic signal like that .
Another form of argumentus interruptus is when the other suddenly weakens their claim , without acknowledging the weakening as a concession .
Say , you start out by making very strong claims about a God that answers prayers ; but when pressed , you retreat back to talking about an impersonal beauty of the universe , without admitting that anything 's changed .
If you equivocated back and forth between the two definitions , you would be committing an outright logical fallacy - but even if you do n't do so , sticking out your neck , and then quickly withdrawing it before anyone can chop it off , is frustrating ; it lures someone into writing careful refutations which you then dance back from with a smile ; it is logically rude .
In the traffic metaphor , it 's like offering someone a green light that turns yellow after half a second and leads into a dead end .
So , for example , I 'm frustrated if I deal with someone who starts out by making vigorous , contestable , argument - worthy claims implying that the Singularity Institute 's mission is unnecessary , impossible , futile , or misguided , and then tries to dance back by saying , " But I still think that what you 're doing has a 10 % chance of being necessary , which is enough to justify funding your project . "
Okay , but I 'm not arguing with you because I 'm worried about my funding getting chopped off , I 'm arguing with you because I do n't think that 10 % is the right number .
You said something that was worth arguing with , and then responded by disengaging when I pressed the point ; and if I go on contesting the 10 % figure , you are somewhat injured , and repeat that you think that what I 'm doing is important .
And not only is the 10 % number still worth contesting , but you originally seemed to be coming on a bit more strongly than that , before you named a weaker - sounding number ...
It might not be an outright logical fallacy - not until you equivocate between strong claims and weak defenses in the course of the same argument - but it still feels a little frustrating over on the receiving end .
I try not to do this myself .
I can't say that arguing with me will always be an enjoyable experience , but I at least endeavor not to be logically rude to the loyal opposition .
I stick my neck out so that it can be chopped off if I 'm wrong , and when I stick my neck out it stays stuck out , and if I have to withdraw it I 'll do so as a visible concession .
I may parry - and because I 'm human , I may even parry when I should n't - but I at least endeavor not to dodge .
Where I plant my standard , I have sent an invitation to capture that banner ; and I 'll stand by that invitation .
It 's hard enough to count up the balance of arguments without adding fancy dance footwork on top of that .
An awful lot of how people fail at changing their mind seems to have something to do with changing the subject .
It might be difficult to point to an outright logical fallacy , but if we have community standards on logical rudeness , we may be able to organize our cognitive traffic a bit less frustratingly .
Added : Checking my notes reminds me to include offering a non -true rejection as a form of logical rudeness .
This is where you offer up a reason that is n't really your most important reason , so that , if it 's defeated , you 'll just switch to something else ( which still wo n't be your most important reason ) .
This is a distinct form of failure from switching Y-> Z->Y , but it 's also frustrating to deal with ; not a logical fallacy outright , but a form of logical rudeness .
If someone else is going to the trouble to argue with you , then you should offer up your most important reason for rejection first - something that will make a serious dent in your rejection , if cast down - so that they are n't wasting their time .
UPDATE : Hello traffic from reddit and stumbleupon .
If you like this post , I did a similar one a few months ago about similar kinds of signs by other artists .
Check it out here .
TrustoCorp seems to be a new street artist or artists who specialize in clever signs .
So far I ’ve seen them in New York and Miami .
I really enjoy street art like this , as much of their work could probably pass as actual signs put up by city workers ( at first glance ) .
Photos by Ken Harman and TrustoCorp
The drug flibanserin , which was originally created as an antidepressant , is effective in treating women with low libido , pooled results from three separate clinical trials have found .
These trials were the first ever to test a therapy that works at the level of the brain to enhance libido in women reporting low sexual desire , said John M. Thorp Jr. , M.D. , McAllister distinguished professor of obstetrics and gynecology at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill School of Medicine and the principal investigator for North America in the studies .
" Flibanserin was a poor antidepressant , " Thorp said .
" However , astute observers noted that it increased libido in laboratory animals and human subjects .
So , we conducted multiple clinical trials and the women in our studies who took it for hypoactive sexual desire disorder reported significant improvements in sexual desire and satisfactory sexual experiences .
" It 's essentially a Viagra - like drug for women in that diminished desire or libido is the most common feminine sexual problem , like erectile dysfunction is in men , " Thorp said .
Studies have shown that the prevalence of hypoactive sexual desire disorder in the U.S. ranges from 9 percent to 26 percent of women , depending on age and menopausal status .
Flibanserin is currently an investigational drug and is available only to women taking part in clinical trials .
The results were reported on Nov. 16 , at the Congress of the European Society for Sexual Medicine in Lyon , France .
The presentation was given by Elaine E. Jolly , M.D. , overall principal investigator and a professor at the University of Ottawa in Canada .
Jolly , Thorp and colleagues pooled data from four clinical trials of flibanserin conducted in the U.S. , Canada and Europe .
A total of 1,946 pre-menopausal women ages 18 and older were randomized to receive either flibanserin or placebo for 24 weeks , with 4 weeks of pre-treatment baseline measurement and 4 weeks of post - treatment follow - up .
Initially , four different dosing regimens were used in the trials : 25 milligrams twice a day , 50 milligrams once a day at bedtime , 50 milligrams twice a day and 100 milligrams once a day at bedtime .
The dosing regimens totaling 50 milligrams a day were not effective while the regimens totaling 100 milligrams were .
So , the results being reported are from only three of the four trials and are based on the 100 milligrams once a day dosing regimen only .
The trials measured mean changes from baseline on the following six variables as reported by the women each week : number of satisfying sexual events ( SSE ) , electronic diary ( eDiary ) desire score , female sexual function index ( FSFI ) desire domain score , FSFI total score , female sexual distress scale - revised ( FSDR - R ) , and FSDR - R Item 13 ( which focuses specifically on desire / libido ) .
The researchers concluded that treatment with 100 milligrams of flibanserin once a day was associated with significant improvements versus placebo in the number of satisfying sexual events ( SSE ) reported , sexual desire ( as measured by eDiary and FSFI desire domain ) , a reduction in distress associated with sexual dysfunction ( as measured by FSDS - R and its Item 13 ) , and sexual functioning as measured by FSFI .
" These results point to a novel approach to pharmacologic treatment of the sexual problem that plagues reproductive age women the most , and may over time prove to be an effective treatment without the side effects of androgen replacement therapy , which is the only treatment currently available , " Thorp said .
The trials were funded by Boehringer Ingelheim Pharmaceuticals , the manufacturer of flibanserin .
Elvis Presley ’s gifts as a singer , producer and arranger , as an interpreter of emotions , likely made a step toward acting seem part of a natural progression .
But his stirring musical vision -- his daring and imaginative blend of country , pop , gospel , R&B and rock ‘ n ’ roll -- rarely found an analogous expression in the 31 narrative films he made in Hollywood .
Any consideration of Elvis movies must acknowledge that there are a lot of duds , lighthearted but workmanlike romps with such titles as “ Tickle Me , ” “ Easy Come , Easy Go ” and “ Kissin ’ Cousins ” that Presley mugged his way through half - heartedly .
All the danger , sex appeal and implicit rebellion of his early career was neutered or , at best , put into neutral by these shameless products , among the earliest instances of multi-platform branding and synergy whereby movies and records simultaneously promoted each other .
The conventional narrative of Presley ’s life begrudgingly allows for the Hollywood era , when he was making roughly three pictures a year from 1960 to 1969 , as a necessary low to set the stage for his triumphant reemergence in music with the television program now popularly known as his “ ’ 68 Comeback Special , ” which led to his revival as a live performer until his death on Aug. 16 , 1977 .
Yet within his body of often - dismissed films there is a submerged narrative of unrealized potential and unexplored talent .
Amid the flotsam are films with talented directors and actors in which Presley showed glimpses of startling sincerity and emotion , a true actor in the making .
The 75th anniversary of Presley ’s birth on Friday provides an opportune moment to reevaluate and perhaps even celebrate his film career ( also celebrating the occasion will be a Turner Classic Movies marathon on Friday and an American Cinematheque double feature Sunday ) .
For all the general thinking that Presley ’s movie career was a dead end , the films have had an unexpected and surprisingly broad - reaching influence .
Presley ’s second movie , the 1957 Technicolor - bright “ Loving You , ” was a loose telling of his own rise to stardom and can be seen as a precursor to many subsequent pop star crossovers , perhaps most notably Prince ’s “ Purple Rain . ”
The 1968 film “ Speedway ” featured an odd bit of production design ( cars used as restaurant booths ) that was revitalized in 1994 ’s “ Pulp Fiction , ” and the 1968 soundtrack single “ A Little Less Conversation ” became a surprise hit after it was featured in the 2001 remake of “ Ocean ’s Eleven . ”
When Presley began making movies in 1956 with “ Love Me Tender , ” it was with hopes to eventually achieve something of the dramatic emotionalism of James Dean and Marlon Brando .
His last two films before entering the Army in 1958 , “ Jailhouse Rock ” and “ King Creole , ” go a long way toward making that goal a reality , ranking as his most complete and fulfilling efforts even among those who otherwise dismiss his work .
Following the relative commercial disappointment of two essentially dramatic efforts , “ Flaming Star ” and “ Wild in the Country , ” and the success of the lightweight “ Blue Hawaii , ” his future in Hollywood was largely sealed .
A template for many of the films to follow , “ Blue Hawaii ” had Presley playing a young man who wants to be a tour guide rather than run his family ’s pineapple plantation .
His scenes with Angela Lansbury as his stubborn , intrusive mother again showcase Presley ’s rough - hewn emotionalism and point toward what might have been had he pursued acting more seriously .
“ Viva Las Vegas ” ( 1964 ) is the only Elvis movie that understands itself as being an “ Elvis Movie . ”
Directed by George Sidney , who also cast Ann - Margret , the star of his Elvis - parodying “ Bye Bye Birdie , ” the film has a kicky self - awareness missing from any of Presley ’s other pictures .
Yet Presley himself was no ironist , and so perhaps the “ purest ” Elvis movie is 1965 ’s insouciant “ Girl Happy . ”
An innocent gloss on the beach movie , the film shows that Presley at half - speed still exudes more talent , charm and charisma than most performers .
Throughout the ‘ 60s , filming and soundtrack work often kept Presley from recording much additional music , so the main engine for his success began to slow .
As Presley ’s televised comeback special pointed toward a new beginning , his film career drew to a close with such oddball efforts as 1968 ’s bracingly mature sex farce “ Live a Little , Love a Little ” and 1969 ’s ersatz spaghetti western “ Charro ! ”
His last fiction feature was “ Change of Habit ” ( 1969 ) , seemingly a rough narration of his hit song “ In the Ghetto . ”
It had Elvis playing an inner-city doctor who becomes involved with a nun ( Mary Tyler Moore ) .
After Presley ’s triumphant return to live performances in 1969 , his last two films were concert documentaries , 1970 ’s “ Elvis : That ’s the Way It Is ” ( re-edited in 2001 ) and 1972 ’s “ Elvis on Tour . ”
Both films show Presley at his full artistic maturity , highlighting the expansive , encompassing idea of American music that is inarguably his most valuable and lasting legacy .
Which is not to say that Presley gave up entirely on the idea of acting .
In a 1969 news conference he noted , “ I want to change the type of script I ’ve been doing , ” and in 1972 he expressed an interest in more dramatic movie roles , what he referred to as “ a non-singing type thing . ”
Infamously , he was approached to play the part of an aging rock star in Barbra Streisand ’s remake of “ A Star Is Born ” but no deal was ever reached .
Perhaps what makes Presley such a perfect pop star even all these years later is that for having made 33 theatrically released feature films in his lifetime , he is still somehow at once completely familiar and utterly unknowable .
His film career leaves us with fixed images -- Andy Warhol ’s iconic gunslinger Elvis comes from “ Flaming Star ” -- but also with open ideas and possibilities .
A fundamental part of his career ’s narrative , Presley ’s time making movies only adds to the dynamic of his mystery and the enduring vitality of his talents .
calendar@latimes.com
Rawstory.com has the story .
The unnamed military affairs blogger has published a list of recent air strikes against militants in Afghanistan and Pakistan , and an amazing pattern has emerged :
It seems that just about every time an air strike is reported in the news , the Taliban casualty figure cited is 30 .
Citing the Moon of Alabama blog , which made a similar argument this spring , Security Crank linked to 12 news reports of separate air strike incidents since the start of the year in which the number of Taliban or insurgent casualties was reported to be 30 , in most cases citing US military officials .
Not 29 , not 31 .
Thirty .
Security Crank states things very well :
How could we possibly have any idea how the war is going , here or anywhere else , when the bad guys seem only to die in groups of 30 ?
The sheer ubiquity of that number in fatality and casualty counts is astounding , to the point where I do n’t even pay attention to a story anymore when they use that magic number 30 .
It is an indicator either of ignorance or deliberate spin … but no matter the case , whenever you see the number 30 used in reference to the Taliban , you should probably close the tab and move onto something else , because you just wo n’t get a good sense of what happened there .
But why 30 ?
Does someone just sorta like this number ?
Are we really killing that many " terrorists " when we make these strikes ?
Uh ... no .
The truth is actually really creepy .
Megan Carpentier , writing at Air America , believes there 's more to this than just fudged numbers .
Carpentier points to a story in the Los Angeles Times this past summer that reports that the US has , or at least had , during the Bush administration , a policy of requiring the secretary of defense to sign off on any air strike that was likely to kill more than 30 civilians .
The Times reported :
In a grisly calculus known as the " collateral damage estimate , " US military commanders and lawyers often work together in advance of a military strike , using very specific , Pentagon - imposed protocols to determine whether the good that will come of it outweighs the cost .
We do n't know much about how it works , but in 2007 , Marc Garlasco , the Pentagon 's former chief of high - value targeting , offered a glimpse when he told Salon magazine that in 2003 , " the magic number was 30 . "
That meant that if an attack was anticipated to kill more than 30 civilians , it needed the explicit approval of then - Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld or President George W. Bush .
If the expected civilian death toll was less than 30 , the strike could be OKd by the legal and military commanders on the ground .
Carpentier posits that 30 remains the magic casualty number for the Pentagon to this day , and implies that the casualty numbers are being fudged so that they are " acceptable " to the public .
Back in 2006 Rumsfeld admitted that official Pentagon Psyops ( psychological warfare ) tactics were being consumed by the American people in a program called Information Operations Roadmap .
This is actually pretty hair - raising :
The declassified document is called " Information Operations Roadmap " .
It was obtained by the National Security Archive at George Washington University using the Freedom of Information Act .
Officials in the Pentagon wrote it in 2003 .
The Secretary of Defense , Donald Rumsfeld , signed it . ( snip )
Perhaps the most startling aspect of the roadmap is its acknowledgement that information put out as part of the military 's psychological operations , or Psyops , is finding its way onto the computer and television screens of ordinary Americans .
" Information intended for foreign audiences , including public diplomacy and Psyops , is increasingly consumed by our domestic audience , " it reads .
" Psyops messages will often be replayed by the news media for much larger audiences , including the American public , " it goes on .
( snip )
Late last year , it emerged that the Pentagon had paid a private company , the Lincoln Group , to plant hundreds of stories in Iraqi newspapers .
The stories - all supportive of US policy - were written by military personnel and then placed in Iraqi publications .
And websites that appeared to be information sites on the politics of Africa and the Balkans were found to be run by the Pentagon .
But the true extent of the Pentagon 's information operations , how they work , who they 're aimed at , and at what point they turn from informing the public to influencing populations , is far from clear .
The roadmap , however , gives a flavour of what the US military is up to - and the grand scale on which it 's thinking .
( snip )
And , in a grand finale , the document recommends that the United States should seek the ability to " provide maximum control of the entire electromagnetic spectrum " .
US forces should be able to " disrupt or destroy the full spectrum of globally emerging communications systems , sensors , and weapons systems dependent on the electromagnetic spectrum " .
Consider that for a moment .
The US military seeks the capability to knock out every telephone , every networked computer , every radar system on the planet .
Are these plans the pipe dreams of self - aggrandising bureaucrats ?
Or are they real ?
The fact that the " Information Operations Roadmap " is approved by the Secretary of Defense suggests that these plans are taken very seriously indeed in the Pentagon .
And that the scale and grandeur of the digital revolution is matched only by the US military 's ambitions for it .
Just something to think about next time the Pentagon tells us how successful they 're being .
And recently on GritTV with Laura Flanders , Jeremy Scahill made the observation that the U.S. is deliberately killing civilians if they think they have a " high value " target .
They just do n't care anymore , the target can be in a house filled with orphans and they 'll blow them all to smithereens .
But what do they tell us ?
They tell us whatever they want .
YouTube offers a strange collection of epic randomness .
For the most part , the majority of self - serving home - made car videos are painful to sit through .
But every now and then one bubbles to the top that is absolutely fantastic .
This is one of the good ones ( albeit the act is admittedly sophomoric ) .
Using only his mouth , the teenager featured in this video manages to produce all kinds of convincing engine sounds mimicking a 4 - cylinder import tuner from launch , through the gears and then into some drifts .
He also perfectly replicates the sounds of a 2 - stroke motorbike , a stalling out VW and even a weedwacker .
Check out the NSFW video after the jump .
Source : YouTube
Photo Gallery Bear Chase
Two rangers in southern Poland thought the bear had succumbed to the tranquilizer .
They were wrong .
This class will explore the themes and styles of the New Hollywood movement that lasted from 1967 to 1980 , the year of Raging Bull .
Key films will be screened , studied for their cinematic power , and discussed for how they reflect the wider culture , in which gender roles were changing along with sexuality and views of class and race .
We will look at the historical and cultural contexts in which the films were produced , but most class time will be devoted to exploring the specifics of each film .
Readings will be taken from these books , among others : Easy Riders , Raging Bulls , by Peter Biskind ; American Films of the 80s , by Peter Lev ; Lost Illusions : American Cinema in the Shadow of Watergate and Vietnam .
1970 - 1979 , by David A. Cook .
While the sleeping TTC worker fiasco has mostly boiled over now , there 's still plenty of residual fun being had in Photoshop and online .
One " photochop " enthusiast has been particularly busy ( definitely not while at work though , right ?! ) .
Another imagines that the sleeper was n't all that thrilled by Avatar 3D .
Over the course of the weekend , the now famous fare collector , George Robitaille , spoke to the media .
But before apologizing , he also made it clear that we , the people , need to keep our priorities in check .
I hate to break it to you , George , but nothing stops senseless , juvenile fun with computers .
Not even the disaster in Haiti .
As the transit story that 's taken the city by storm unfolds , more and more fodder is available to the photo manipulating masses .
I 've collected and shared a few of the funnier ones here , and suspect that many more are still to surface in the coming days .
Many more TTC Sleeper photoshopperies are viewable filtered for " ttcsleeper " on Twicsy .
Photochops by wheniwas19 , @keadin , @LenCervantes , @mart3ll , @newfiejobber , @markswi , mondoville , hame.ca , and anonymous emailer .
2020 Vision Stories about the future of Nevada by the state 's leaders and visionaries
Whether Nevada emerges as a red or blue state in the coming decade — or remains swing - state purple — could be determined this year .
The 2010 midterm elections will either cement recent Democratic gains , taking the state further to the political left , or restore the state ’s partisan balance by returning Republicans to prominence after two cycles of significant defeat .
The outcome could determine political dominance for the next decade , as the ruling party in the state Legislature will redraw district boundaries to perpetuate their power .
Although individual races will be decided by a hundred factors , the overall dynamics are clear .
Campaigns will rise or fall on a single issue : the economy .
Democrats , fighting the traditional political handicap of being the party in power in a nonpresidential election year , face record unemployment and a hardening consensus that Nevada ’s economy will lag the national recovery .
Republicans hope to capitalize on the economic anxiety .
Their top candidates for U.S. Senate and governor are leading in the polls .
Nevertheless , the GOP is not without problems , starting with a number of internal battles , as factions mount what is shaping up to be a battle for the soul of the party .
Term limits also will serve as a major test for the parties ’ organizational and political skills during 2010 .
An unprecedented number of seats will be vacant , and the Assembly and Senate caucuses are scrambling to find qualified candidates and raise money .
( For the Democrats , term limits will force out nine assemblymen and four senators ; for the Republicans , term limits will force out one assemblyman and three senators . )
The Republican infighting — which will likely color the 2010 primaries — pits members of the upstart “ tea party ” movement against party leaders and longtime legislators .
The unrest goes back to 2008 .
Leadership and organizational problems within the Nevada Republican Party were apparent when officials suspended their state convention that year after an uprising by supporters of libertarian Ron Paul ’s presidential campaign .
A Republican National Committee panel deemed the state party inept for its handling of the event .
Then , on Election Day , Barack Obama beat John McCain in Nevada by 12 points and Democrats took control of the Legislature for the first time in nearly two decades .
Former state Sen. Warren Hardy , a Las Vegas Republican , said the message was clear : “ This state is continuing to move from center - right to center - left .
Republicans are going to have to figure out how to attract conservative Democrats and conservative and moderate independents . ”
Conservative activists , however , are pushing the party in the opposite direction .
That fight will most clearly play out in a series of primary races for state Senate .
There could be as many as four races where anti-tax pledging Republicans face off against establishment Republicans , who say that raising taxes is an option — even if an unwanted , painful , final option — to preserve necessary government services .
Nevada Republican Party Chairman Chris Comfort denies the infighting will hurt the party , or that it even exists .
“ The party has come together and is more strategically focused than it has been in the last decade , ” he said , adding it has a place for the conservative activists .
If the insurgent Republicans win enough primaries and hold onto the seats , it could lead to an almost unthinkable possibility : Senate Minority Leader Bill Raggio , the longtime Republican lion of the Legislature , could be forced from his leadership position , political observers said .
Raggio , first elected in 1973 , is the longest - serving legislator in Nevada history .
Heading into his final session under term limits , he ’s also the target of a fledgling recall effort from anti-tax activists .
The Republican primary for governor will likely feature similar tensions .
Gov. Jim Gibbons — who has held the line on taxes and will likely repeat that fact at every opportunity during the campaign — no longer enjoys the support of the Republican establishment .
That support has largely shifted to Brian Sandoval , who left the federal bench to challenge Gibbons .
Eric Herzik , who heads UNR ’s political science department , said the primary challenges and infighting hurt the party when it should be focused on matching the grass - roots organization Nevada Democrats inherited from the Obama campaign .
“ You are conducting a purity campaign .
It ’s the small - tent approach to politics and that usually does n’t work , ” Herzik said .
“ They can pat themselves on the back and say they held true to their values but then they have nothing to show for it at the end of the day . ”
Chuck Muth , the conservative activist and one - time leader of the Nevada GOP , said the tea party movement has injected some badly needed enthusiasm into the state party but that officials have their work cut out for them if they hope to harness the energy .
“ Holding up signs and yelling is not political action , ” he said of the tea party rallies last year .
“ The real test is to take that action into real grass - roots organizing .
It ’s not glamorous .
It ’s hard work . ”
For Democrats , two years of spade work — from the party ’s presidential caucus through last year ’s general election — yielded a network of battle - ready precinct captains and volunteers who registered tens of thousands of new voters .
Democrats retain a voter - registration edge of nearly 84,000 statewide .
Still , polling suggests U.S. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid could hurt the Democratic brand and the rest of the party ’s ticket in 2010 .
A Las Vegas Review - Journal poll last month showed Nevada ’s senior senator had a 38 percent approval rating .
Political observers say a loss in November would harm the state ’s clout in Washington and shake the foundation of Democratic politics in Nevada .
Over much of the past decade , Reid has methodically fashioned the party into a re-election machine , while cultivating a deep bench of political talent .
“ If Democrats are viewed as having been a part of helping the economy recover , we ’ll do really well and I think we ’ll be running the show for a long time , ” said Billy Vassiliadis , a Democratic power broker .
“ But if the economy continues to go down , folks are going to be held accountable .
If we do n’t focus on the economy , we ’re going to get butchered . ”
Either way , the effect will be most felt in the 2011 Legislature , where lawmakers will tackle taxes .
Tax increases require a two - thirds vote in both houses to pass .
Democrats hold that margin in the Assembly , but fall short by two seats in the Senate .
Last session , Raggio and Senate Republicans leveraged those two votes for a series of concessions on collective bargaining and retirement benefits for public employees .
They also set the amount of additional taxes they were willing to support and required those taxes sunset after two years .
Heading into 2011 , when most of those taxes are gone , officials estimate the looming budget hole at $ 2.5 billion — a massive amount for the $ 6.5 billion general fund .
State Senate Majority Leader Steven Horsford wants to broaden the state ’s tax base , and if the 2010 elections break for Democrats again , he could muscle the hikes through .
Republican victories would give the GOP leverage over any tax plan .
In addition , the party that wins control of the 2011 Legislature will have a once - in - a - decade opportunity to preserve its gains by carving Assembly , state Senate and congressional boundaries to their advantage .
Redistricting follows the decennial census .
The outcome will also show whether recent Democratic gains are a lasting shift away from Nevada ’s status as a swing state .
( Since 1912 , Nevada has voted for every presidential winner — Democrats and Republicans alike — except in 1976 . )
As David Damore , a UNLV political scientist , put it , “ Did folks simply go with Door B in 2008 ” — by electing Obama — “ or did the election mark a lasting realignment in this state ? ”
Overview
The public has consistently expressed strong interest in the health care debate , but relatively few Americans can correctly answer two key questions related to the Senate ’s consideration of health care legislation .
In the latest installment of the Pew Research Center ’s News IQ Quiz , just 32 % know that the Senate passed its version of the legislation without a single Republican vote .
And , in what proved to be the most difficult question on the quiz , only about a quarter ( 26 % ) knows that it takes 60 votes to break a filibuster in the Senate and force a vote on a bill .
The survey was conducted before Massachusetts Republican Scott Brown won a special election to the Senate on Jan. 19 ; Brown ’s election means Senate Democrats can no longer count on a 60 - vote majority once he takes office .
About six - in - ten ( 59 % ) correctly identify China as the foreign country holding the most U.S. government debt .
Nearly as many ( 57 % ) know that the United States imports two - thirds of the oil it consumes .
As was the case in previous knowledge surveys , a majority ( 55 % ) knows the current unemployment rate is about 10 % .
However , far fewer ( 36 % ) correctly estimate the current level of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at about 10,000 points .
The news quiz , conducted by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press Jan. 14 - 17 among 1,003 adults reached on cell phones and landlines , asked 12 multiple choice questions on subjects ranging from economics and foreign affairs to prominent people in the news .
Americans answered an average of 5.3 questions correctly .
The survey finds that while the public struggled with most of the political questions on the survey , most Americans ( 56 % ) know that there currently is more than one woman serving on the Supreme Court .
Notably , this is the only question on the quiz where as many women as men answer correctly ; men scored significantly better on other questions .
In response to questions about terrorism and national security , half ( 50 % ) correctly identify Yemen as the country where intelligence officials believe the suspect in an attempted Christmas Day airline bombing received training and bomb materials .
A slightly smaller percentage ( 43 % ) knows that during all of 2009 there were more American military fatalities in Afghanistan than in Iraq ; 32 % said more U.S. troops were killed in Iraq .
This question proved difficult for many , even though interest in developments in Afghanistan – and media coverage – picked up in late 2009 as President Obama announced his war strategy [ See “ Top Stories of 2009 : Economy , Obama and Health Care , ” released Dec. 29 , 2009 ] .
Questions about people in the news round out the quiz update .
About four - in - ten ( 39 % ) know that Nevada Democrat Harry Reid is the majority leader of the U.S. Senate .
About a third ( 32 % ) correctly pick Michael Steele as the chairman of the Republican National Committee .
Interestingly , nearly half of Republicans ( 48 % ) are able to identify Reid as Senate majority leader compared with just a third ( 33 % ) of Democrats .
More Republicans can identify Reid as majority leader than can identify Steel as chairman of the RNC ( 37 % ) .
About four - in - ten ( 41 % ) correctly say that Stephen Colbert is a comedian and television talk show host .
This is the only question on the quiz that more people younger than 30 than older people answer correctly ( 49 % vs. 39 % ) .
Knowledge and the Senate Health Care Bill
Asked how many GOP senators voted for the chamber ’s health care bill on Dec. 24 , only 32 % know that the measure received no support from Republican members .
About as many answer incorrectly , saying that five ( 13 % ) , 10 ( 8 % ) , or 20 ( 8 % ) GOP Senators voted for the bill .
About four - in - ten ( 39 % ) do not know or decline to answer .
A smaller percentage ( 26 % ) knows that 60 votes are needed to break a filibuster in the Senate .
About as many ( 25 % ) mistakenly say that a simple majority of 51 votes can break a filibuster .
As with most other questions on the news quiz , well - educated people , older Americans and men are more likely to correctly answer the questions about the Senate vote on health care and the filibuster .
Less than a third of Republicans or Democrats can correctly identify the number of votes needed to end a filibuster ( 30 % among Republicans , 25 % among Democrats ) .
College graduates fared better than other demographic groups on this question , but fewer than half of college graduates ( 45 % ) know that it takes 60 Senate votes to overcome a filibuster .
Republicans More Knowledgeable on Many Issues
Republicans , on average , answered one more question correctly than Democrats ( 5.9 vs. 4.9 correct ) .
These differences are partly a reflection of the demographics of the two groups ;
Republicans tend to be older , well educated and male , which are characteristics associated with political and economic knowledge .
Still , even when these factors are held constant , Republicans do somewhat better than Democrats on the knowledge quiz .
Among the largest gaps comes over knowledge of who leads the U.S. Senate .
About half ( 48 % ) of Republicans are able to identify Reid as the current majority leader , while only a third of Democrats can name their own party ’s Senate leader .
More Republicans can name Reid ( 48 % ) than Steele ( 37 % ) , the RNC chairman .
The one question in the survey in which Democrats slightly outperform Republicans is about the number of women now serving on the U.S. Supreme Court .
Close to six - in - ten Democrats ( 58 % ) know that more than one woman serves on the high court , compared with 50 % of Republicans .
Though the Democratic Party is made up of more women than men , this finding does not appear driven mostly by gender .
Republican men and women are about equally likely to answer this question correctly ( about half each ) , while solid majorities of both Democratic men ( 60 % ) and women ( 57 % ) get this question right .
Large Age Gap in Knowledge
As in previous knowledge surveys , older people fare much better on most questions than do young people .
The largest gaps come on questions about the Christmas Day terrorist plot and the name of the Senate leader .
When asked to name the country that intelligence officials believe trained and equipped the suspected Christmas Day bomber , close to six - in - ten ( 59 % ) Americans 50 and older correctly identify Yemen , compared with just 25 % of those younger than 30 .
Similarly , there is a 34 - point difference between those younger than 30 and older than 50 in knowledge of who leads the U.S. Senate ( 16 % vs. 50 % ) .
The most notable exception to this pattern is the ability of young people to identify Colbert .
About half ( 49 % ) of those younger than 30 correctly identify the comedian and talk show host compared with 38 % of those older than 50 .
Gender Differences on Economic Questions
The Pew Research Center ’s news consumption surveys have consistently measured greater attentiveness to news about politics and economics among men than among women .
The results of the News IQ Quiz tend to reflect these news preferences .
In the
current poll , men on average answer more questions correctly than women ( 6.0 for men vs. 4.6 for women ) .
The gender gap in news knowledge is greatest on the question of which country holds the most U.S. government debt ( 70 % of men answer correctly vs. 49 % of women ) and the current level of the Dow ( 45 % of men know this vs. 27 % of women ) .
But there is no gender divide on the item about the number of women on the Supreme Court .
Roughly equal proportions of men ( 57 % ) and women ( 56 % ) answer this correctly .
News Knowledge on Average
The survey measures overall news knowledge using the 12 multiple choice questions in an additive scale .
For each question answered correctly respondents receive one point on a scale ranging from zero ( none correct ) to 12 ( all correct ) .
In the current News IQ Quiz , just 2 % of the public answered all questions correctly ( 12 out of 12 ) , while 6 % failed to answer a single question right .
Compared with the News Quiz from nearly a year ago , it proved harder for the public to answer at least half the questions correctly this time .
Only 42 % of Americans answered at least six questions right , compared with 71 % who answered at least half the questions correctly in March 2009 .
Consistent with past knowledge tests , demographic groups differed in how well they performed on the quiz .
Men correctly answered an average of 6.0 out of 12 questions correctly , while women answered an average of 4.6 questions right .
Those with college degrees correctly answered 7.3 questions correctly on average .
Those with some college experience answered an average of 5.4 questions and those with no college experience answered 3.9 correctly on average .
As in the past , older Americans generally did better than young people .
Respondents 50 and older could correctly answer an average of about two more questions than those under age 30 ( 5.9 vs. 3.8 ) .
Republicans averaged 5.9 correct answers .
Independents correctly answered 5.6 on average and Democrats answered 4.9 correct on average .
Take a look at the picture .
This is Spiral Jetty , an earthwork sculpture constructed in 1970 by American sculptor Robert Smithson .
Built of mud , salt crystals , basalt rocks , earth , and water on the northeastern shore of the Great Salt Lake near Rozel Point in Utah , the Spiral Jettry forms a 1500 - foot long , 15 - foot wide counterclockwise coil jutting from the shore of the lake which is only visible when the level of the Great Salt Lake falls below an elevation of 4,197.8 feet .
Some more pictures below .
At the time of its construction , the water level of the lake was unusually low because of a drought .
Within a few years , the water level returned to normal and submerged the jetty for the next three decades .
Due to a drought , the jetty re-emerged in 2004 and was completely exposed for almost a year .
The lake level rose again during the spring of 2005 due to a near record - setting snowpack in the mountains and partially submerged the Jetty again .
An orthodox Muslim lawyer who refuses to stand when judges enter the court room has had his official warning torn up by the legal profession ’s disciplinary council .
Mohammed Enait will not stand up for judges as is customary in Dutch courts because he says in Islam all men are equal .
He was given a formal warning about his behaviour in May .
The disciplinary council said that as well as showing respect for the law , Enait should also be entitled to expect respect for an ‘ authentic system of beliefs ’ .
In addition , Enait does not intend to insulting the court by not standing , news agency ANP quoted the council as saying .
<<< NEWS FROM THE LAB - Thursday , January 21 , 2010 >>>
ARCHIVES | SEARCH Intelligence Sector Hit by a Targeted Attack Posted by Mikko @ 14:52 GMT
We just blogged about a highly targeted attack against military contractors .
Now we saw one against the intelligence sector .
This attack was done with a PDF file .
Again .
It was targeting the CVE - 2009 - 4324 vulnerability .
Again .
When opened , the PDF file ( md5 : c3079303562d4672d6c3810f91235d9b ) looked like this :
What really happens in the background ?
Just like last time , the exploit code drops a backdoor in a file called Updater.exe ( md5 : 02420bb8fd8258f8afd4e01029b7a2b0 ) .
Now , what is the document talking about ?
President 's day ?
DNI Information Sharing Environment ?
We do n't know , but a quick web search tells us that apparently there is going to be an Intelligence fair & expo in Germany next month .
Hmm .
The Agenda looks awfully familiar .
We detect the files as Exploit .
PDF - JS .
Gen and Trojan - Spy : W32 / Agent .NBZ .
Men really ARE better at parking ... and that 's a woman professor talking
A female driver confused the brake and gas pedals as she reversed into a space in a parking garage in Langenhagen , Germany
It 's a thorny subject , so it is probably just as well it was a female scientist who confirmed that men are better at parking than women .
Men were typically five per cent more competent at parallel parking - where the car draws alongside anther vehicle before reversing into a bay - according to research .
They were also better at driving head - on into a space and then reversing into place .
During the tests , in which volunteers were asked to repeatedly park a saloon car , psychologists found women did n't benefit from the extra 20 seconds they took to complete the manoeuvres on average .
In fact , they tended to end up much closer to the edge of the bays than the male drivers , despite showing far more caution .
The scientists from Ruhr University in Bochum , Germany , concluded men benefit from superior co-ordination and spatial awareness because their brains can process the changing position and speed of a car quicker than women's .
The study 's co-author , Dr Claudia Wolf , a PhD student at the university 's Department of Biopsychology , said she became interested in the subject because of the number of chauvinistic comments she encountered about women drivers .
' These prejudices exist and , as a scientist , I decided to find out if they are true or based on myth , ' she said .
' I do n't think feminism or the cause of women is in any way set back by these findings .
It only proves what
previous studies about the spatial differences between men and women have shown .
' Besides , it is not as if there was a massive failing by women .
It is just about parking - not the triumph of men over women . '
Testosterone is apparently bad for the economy
Some 65 volunteers with varying degrees of driving experience were asked to park a £ 23,000 Audi A6 automatic in a 15 ft by 6ft space in a university car park .
The drivers ' skill was calculated by checking how central the car was in the bay at the end of the manoeuvre .
One area that vexed the psychologists was how the extra time and caution displayed by the women provided no benefit .
They noted : ' The marked difference in parking duration could be explained in terms of general driving habits .
Several studies prove that men take greater driving risks .
' However , a sex difference in riskassessment leading to women parking more cautiously , and thus more slowly , does not explain why women 's final parking position was less accurate than men's , especially for parallel parking .
' Slower driving should lead to a better and not worse result . '
Germaine Greer said the study was ' pointless ' .
The feminist writer added : ' I can believe that men were proven to have a very significant advantage in spacial awareness when it comes to parking .
' You must remember that women also have bosoms which makes it very difficult to turn around .
' However , did we really need to know this ?
Should we now stop women from parking ?
Of course not . '
A Canadian teenager has been rescued from an ice floe drifting in the Arctic sea , where he was reportedly stranded with two polar bears .
Search and rescue teams parachuted onto the 15 m ( 40 ft ) floe after spotting the 17 - year - old Inuit youth from the air .
They told the BBC he appeared to have shot and killed a mother polar bear in self - defence , orphaning her two cubs .
The teenager is being treated for mild hypothermia and frostbite in the small town of Coral Harbour , on Hudson Bay .
Jean Pierre Sharp of the Joint Rescue Coordination Centre in Trenton , Ontario , told the BBC the teenager had been on a hunting expedition with an older man in the remote area , when one of their snowmobiles broke down .
The teenager set off alone to find help but became stranded when the ice floe broke away and drifted loose , said Mr Sharp , leaving him trapped overnight as temperatures fell to - 20C .
A rescue mission was launched when the men were reported missing .
The older man was found not far from the snowmobiles and received treatment for hypothermia .
The younger man was spotted from the air but rescuers lost sight of him as night fell .
He was spotted again on Monday morning about 7 km ( four miles ) off shore - by that time , the floe had drifted at least 45 km ( 30 miles ) in the Arctic Ocean .
Paratroopers jumped onto the ice from a Hercules transport plane to rescue him .
" This young man had quite a journey , " said Cpt Michael Young , of the Joint Rescue Co-ordination Centre at a Canadian army base in Ontario .
" It was cold and dark , and there was apparently a couple of polar bears on the ice floe with him too , " Cpt Young told the AFP news agency .
Postscript
Shelters Are For Someone Else
Twice I 've gone to a shelter , both times as a teen .
These experiences are why I do n't back the faith - based initiatives that the federal government has promoted in recent years .
These places , these pockets of hell staffed by well meaning , misguided people , these are the most degrading , humiliating , stigmatizing places in the world .
I 've actually never spent the night in anything called a homeless shelter .
I preferred to return to the cold , rather than sit in the pew .
Let me tell you about my first time .
Long term stable homeless living as an adult came later , but I was also a teen runaway .
I was sixteen , but looked older .
They can't let you in if you 're under eighteen , unless it is exclusively a youth hostel .
I approached the shelter , and was confronted by two very large men , security I guess .
I told them I just had to lay down , did n't they have a cot I could sleep on ?
They said no .
First I had to sit through the service .
Exhausted and cold , I agreed , and I was taken into a pew .
The preacher was chastising us for our sin in a rhythmic way , almost singing .
If it were not so mean a message , I might have found it comforting .
A supplicant converted , tears in his eyes , crying out testimony , confessing his bad ways and begging for forgiveness .
The scene was surreal , as if I had a fever .
I thought this stuff only happened in movies .
Appalled , angry , I stood up .
I did n't need to be yelled at .
I did n't need anything but a place to sleep .
A warm place was what I needed and I was being attacked for my sins by someone who knew nothing about me , someone who knew nothing about the thirty other unhappy souls in the room seeking not God , but simple human comfort .
As I stood up , two ushers came toward me , stern , gesturing me back to my seat .
Big men .
Scary .
I was outnumbered , outmuscled , humiliated , but I was leaving .
I waved them back .
I said , " I want to leave .
Show me the door .
" A change came over them .
Their eyes became shaded , and they escorted me out .
No violence .
No anger .
They did n't ask me why .
They did n't ask me what I would do now .
They did n't care .
I was n't one of them .
Maybe it 's different when shelters are run by Red Cross or by FEMA .
I do n't know .
I 've never been to one of those and am not likely to go to one , not even if my house were torn down by a natural disaster .
Homeless shelters are crowded .
You have to line up for beds at most shelters in the mid-afternoon , making it impossible to have both a job and a bed on the same day .
You move through the shelter like a cog on an assembly line , from soup kitchen to bed , with no freedom to vary from the program .
Personal security is low , and you are likely to have things stolen as you sleep .
And more important than any of that , homeless shelters deprive you of dignity .
They scream out that you have failed to take care of yourself , that you need .
No matter how much you need , you should n't feel that way .
I believe there is no tougher job than being a beggar .
Nothing is harder than asking for compassion from people who hold you in contempt .
Begging does a service , because it is a reminder to the fortunate that they could fall too , but it is a service I cannot perform .
We , each of us , deserve more dignity .
Shelters are for someone else .
Bother !
I guess I 've got to go stay the night at a local shelter .
Be watching for the next installment of
Recently a letter was published criticizing the Global Warming “ deniers ” for their lack of understanding that this subject is now covered by a “ consensus ” among scientists that Global Warming is an established fact .
There are several problems with this admonition , the first of which is that no such “ consensus ” actually exists and , second , that an implied , simple , “ broad understanding ” of a mixed group of people on any subject is usually detrimental to its enhanced understanding .
The experiences of Galileo , Copernicus and Flat - Earth believers can serve as sobering examples .
In fact , “ consensus ” in the Natural Sciences and Engineering is proof of nothing unless the phenomena being studied is the result of a broad series of observations and measurements from which there are no exceptions to the proposition being studied .
The “ Laws ” of Thermodynamics and Mechanics are classic examples of this .
Yet , even with these historically celebrated cases , there is always the caveat that applications of the principle involved will produce a predicted result only when those applications fall within a range of specified parameters .
Our understanding of the Natural World is always enlarged by “ objective skepticism ” , not by “ consensus ” , which comes later after the facts are convincingly established .
In the matter of carbon induced “ Global Warming ” there is the disturbing problem that for the past 10 - 15 years the average measured temperature of the near - earth environment has decreased , as it also did in the 40 - year period 1940 - 1980 , even though the CO2 atmospheric concentration increased .
This contradiction is one reason for “ skepticism ” of the current promotion of Global Warming .
Should your readers wish to learn more about this and the hundreds of qualified scientists who could be classified as “ deniers , ” they are referred to www .
ClimateDepot .com .
- John A. Clark
Professor Emeritus of Mechanical Engineering
University of Michigan
Wormholes : how not to die
1 . There is no way not to die .
You are going to die .
2. Possibly quickly .
3 . Protect yourself from financial ruin by buying and hiding in a PoS
4. Protect your PoS from ruin by having stront and 2 - 3 weeks of fuel , at least , at all times .
5 . Never enter an outgoing or incoming WH without either a fully insured unfitted ship and an alternate route back in , or a scan probe launcher and a shitload of patience .
6 . Did I mention you are going to die ?
7 . The directional is your friend .
But it ’s a shitty friend .
It ’s a way around getting ganked so the gankers have ways around it .
Expect to die .
8 . If you find yourself outside your PoS for any reason , be aligned to a planet .
9 . Do n’t forget to cloak when scanning .
10 .
There are people who get their giggles by killing people like you .
They are , statistically , much better at killing you than you are at not being killed .
11 . Never leave your PoS without some method of getting back to it from highsec .
This usually means having a scan alt logged off in system or in the PoS .
12 . If you do n’t have a scan alt , you may as well kiss your assets goodbye and start waiting for PoS fuel notifications as your base dies cold and alone because you got podded and did n’t have a damn scan alt .
13 .
Any WH connecting you to somewhere else is a potential threat .
Be aware of incoming WHs , because someone opened that door straight to you and you better believe that they ’re gonna use it .
14 .
If you see a ship you do n’t recognize on the scanner , run .
And possibly alert anyone you happen to be with .
15 .
If your corp mates say run , run .
16 .
If your corp mates start shouting , run .
17 . if your corp mate types a sentence fragment , spelled poorly , consisting of any two of the following words , run .
“ Sisters ” ” fuck ” ” combat probes ” ” probes ” ” directional ” ” crap ” ” dead ” ” podded ” ” run ” ” any ship name you or he is not currently flying ” ” back to pos ” ” damnit ” ” ANYTHING in capslock ” ” gibberish ”
18 . Pick some symbol on your keyboard , like # or % .
Rename all the ships at your pos with that symbol .
If you see a ship without that symbol , run .
Warning , easily countered .
19 . NEVER assume that the designated Dir scanner dude is scanning .
If he has a heart attack or takes a piss , you ’re fucked and he could just say they had good scan ships .
20 .
Did I mention you ’re going to die ?
21 . Getting whatever you came for safely inside the PoS does not mean it ’s safe .
Get it to Jita first , then call it safe .
22 . Anchor your hangar and maintenance array next to each other .
Bookmark one of them and call it “ PoS ” warp to it in case of speedy ship swap .
23 .
Heavy interdictors are small ships that mean you ca n’t run away , and by the time you see one on the scanner , you ’re already fucked .
24 . DO NOT BRING A T2 RIGGED FACTION FIT HULK INTO A WH , YOU ARE A FUCKING IDIOT IF YOU DO SO .
( Yes , this has happened .
Lost it in under 3 hours .
No , it was n’t me . )
24b .
Hell , do n’t bring ANYTHING faction fit or t2 rigged unless a ) you ’re rich enough to buy two more of em or b ) you do n’t believe in Murphy ’s Law .
25 .
Do not rig your hulk with drone mining augmenters or cargo expander .
Use low - friction nozzles , they decrease align time and have saved my ass when there was literally a second difference between getting scrammed by a Loki and getting away .
26 . Active tank for sleepers , buffer fit for PvP , mix of both if the site is n’t too hard for gank insurance .
27 .
If you are attacked during a sleeper run , target the ship and try and scram him .
If you did n’t bring scrams to a sleeper fight ( understandable ) shoot him .
The sleepers will eventually switch to him .
28 . If a corp mate types ” Hey , is that your ____ ” start aligning and getting up to speed with the nearest celestial until clarification is obtained .
29 .
If you see a scan ship on the directional , scan again and it ’s not there , do not assume that he has left , or so help me I will tear a hole from my WH to yours through sheer rage and beat you over the head with a cloaking device .
30 .
If you live in a class 5 wormhole , remember iambeastx has a static class 5 entrance and will find you ….
eventually .
Assuming he figures out how to work a scan ship .
31 . If you came into the WH to fight , there are people in here already that fight better than you .
If you came here to mine , watch out for the first two groups .
32 . Some people will build carriers and rorquals in places that mass limitations would not usually allow them .
If a carrier drops on you in a C3 , do n’t be surprised .
33 . Carriers can get into C4s , but not easily and only from a nullsec or incoming link from a C5 or C6 .
Do n’t be too worried .
34 . When in a C5 or C6 , be worried about carriers .
One carrier can shut down an entire mining op until they get bored , and a carrier w/ support fleet can screw over anything else .
Except …another carrier with support fleet .
Have fun .
35 .
If your PoS has no guns , jerks will shoot it .
If your PoS has guns , they will send interceptors to extinguish your ammo .
If you employ webbers , they will warp out and rep .
If you employ warp scrammers , they will spider tank .
The goal of a WH pos is not to destroy but to annoy the fuck out of .
If they have a small force , then they ’re not a problem for a PoS .
If they have a large force , then they ’re not gonna be bothered by a few turrets .
Employ shield hardeners , SB ops , and jammers to make them lose interest .
36 . Have the max amount of strontium .
Or you will regret it .
37 .
If you afk outside the bubble of a PoS , you will probably die .
If you ’re cloaked , you may get uncloaked .
It happens .
38 . C1 - C2 are soloable with few skills .
C3s take some skills , C4s require two people and RR , C5s require at least five people and C6s require at least ten attentive people .
39 .
You are going to die .
40 .
Do not bring implants into a WH and expect them to last over a week .
I bought a set of +3s , they lasted 3 months , then I got podded twice in the same 3 days .
41 . Skilled scanners can scan out a mining op and only have the probes visible to you for seven seconds .
And in the WH , the scanners operate .
Make the connection ?
42 . Never assume that the ships you see on the scanner are the only ships in the wormhole .
43 .
Whs will make you obscenely rich , assuming you can find an unoccupied one , not get ganked within the first week and get whatever you came for out of the wh .
44 . A wormhole in your system is not active unless you or someone else warps to it .
Do not activate your static WH unless you need an exit , or you ’ve got one more route people can use to find you .
45 .
By popular opinion , a drake is a good , cheap ship for running up to class three WHs .
Do n’t forget , popular opinion in an internet spaceship game does n’t mean much .
To date , I ’ve lost two hulks , a covetor , a vexor , a thorax , several Itty Vs , two pods , three domis and a large tower to the WH .
BTY if anyone finds the tower “ Calculated Risk ” floating in a C6 somewhere and can get me a route there , drop me a line .
45 .
Do n’t type a blog post while mining in a C6 .
A team of scientists from an American university say they have reinvented the bicycle wheel .
The Copenhagen
Wheel is a hub containing motor and batteries which can be fitted to the rear wheel of almost any bike , providing a boost to the cyclist whenever needed , say developers .
It has been unveiled at the UN Climate Summit by the team from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Commentary from the BBC's Martine Croxall .
Anando Milk , from India , wanted to increase milk consumption among children , so the McCann Erikson Agency came up with this amazingly creative ad placed on one of Mumbai 's buildings , where you can see a child strong enough -- a benefit of the milk , of course -- to move part of the building itself .
Five months after it first announced coming privacy changes this past summer , Facebook is finally rolling out a new set of revamped privacy settings for its 350 million users .
The social networking site has rightly been criticized for its confusing privacy settings , most notably in a must - read report by the Canadian Privacy Commissioner issued in July and most recently by a Norwegian consumer protection agency .
We 're glad to see Facebook is attempting to respond to those privacy criticisms with these changes , which are going live this evening .
Unfortunately , several of the claimed privacy " improvements " have created new and serious privacy problems for users of the popular social network service .
The new changes are intended to simplify Facebook 's notoriously complex privacy settings and , in the words of today 's privacy announcement to all Facebook users , " give you more control of your information . "
But do all of the changes really give Facebook users more control over their information ?
EFF took a close look at the changes to figure out which ones are for the better — and which ones are for the worse .
Our conclusion ?
These new " privacy " changes are clearly intended to push Facebook users to publicly share even more information than before .
Even worse , the changes will actually reduce the amount of control that users have over some of their personal data .
Not to say that many of the changes are n't good for privacy .
But other changes are bad , while a few are just plain ugly .
The Good : Simpler Privacy Settings and Per-Post Privacy Options
The new changes have definitely simplified Facebook 's privacy settings , reducing the overall number of settings while making them clearer and easier for users to find and understand .
The simplification of Facebook 's privacy settings includes the elimination of regional networks , which sometimes would lead people to unwittingly share their Facebook profile with an entire city , or , as Facebook 's founder Mark Zuckerberg explained in a recent open letter , an entire country .
Perhaps most importantly , Facebook has added a feature that we and many others have long advocated for : the ability to define the privacy of your Facebook content on a per-post basis .
So , for example , if you only want your close friends to see a particular photo , or only your business colleagues to see a particular status update , you can do that — using a simple drop - down menu that lets you define who will see that piece of content .
Most important , however , is the simple fact that as part of this transition , Facebook is forcing all of its users to actually pay attention to the specifics of their privacy settings .
Considering that many if not most users have previously simply adopted the defaults offered by Facebook rather than customizing their privacy settings , this is an especially good thing .
No question , these are positive developments that hopefully will lead more people to carefully review and customize their level of privacy on Facebook .
Unfortunately , the new flexibility offered by per-post privacy settings , a definite " good , " is being used to justify the " bad " ...
The Bad : EFF Does n't Recommend Facebook 's " Recommended " Privacy Settings
Although sold as a " privacy " revamp , Facebook 's new changes are obviously intended to get people to open up even more of their Facebook data to the public .
The privacy " transition tool " that guides users through the configuration will " recommend " — preselect by default — the setting to share the content they post to Facebook , such as status messages and wall posts , with everyone on the Internet , even though the default privacy level that those users had accepted previously was limited to " Your Networks and Friends " on Facebook ( for more details , we highly recommend the Facebook privacy resource page and blog post from our friends at the ACLU , carefully comparing the old settings to the new settings ) .
As the folks at TechCrunch explained last week before the changes debuted :
The way Facebook makes its recommendations will have a huge impact on the site 's future .
Right now , most people do n't share their content using the ' everyone ' option that Facebook introduced last summer .
If Facebook pushes users to start using that , it could have a better stream of content to go against Twitter in the real - time search race .
But Facebook has something to lose by promoting ‘ everyone ' updates : given the long - standing private nature of Facebook , they could lead to a massive privacy fiasco as users inadvertently share more than they mean to .
At this point there 's no " if " about it : the Facebook privacy transition tool is clearly designed to push users to share much more of their Facebook info with everyone , a worrisome development that will likely cause a major shift in privacy level for most of Facebook 's users , whether intentionally or inadvertently .
As Valleywag rightly warns in its story " Facebook 's New ‘ Privacy ' Scheme Smells Like an Anti-Privacy Plot " :
[ S ] miley - face posturing aside , users should never forget that Facebook remains , at heart , not a community but a Silicon Valley startup , always hungry for exponential growth and new revenue streams .
So be sure to review those new privacy " options , " and take Facebook 's recommendations with a huge grain of salt .
Being a free speech organization , EFF is supportive of internet users who consciously choose to share more on Facebook after weighing the privacy risks ; more online speech is a good thing .
But to ensure that users do n't accidentally share more than they intend to , we do not recommend Facebook 's " recommended " settings .
Facebook will justify the new push for more sharing with everyone by pointing to the new per-post privacy options — if you do n't want to share a particular piece of content with everyone , Facebook will argue , then just set the privacy level for that piece of content to something else .
But we think the much safer option is to do the reverse : set your general privacy default to a more restrictive level , like " Only Friends , " and then set the per-post privacy to " Everyone " for those particular things that you 're sure you want to share with the world .
The Ugly : Information That You Used to Control Is Now Treated as " Publicly Available , " and You Ca n't Opt Out of The " Sharing " of Your Information with Facebook Apps
Looking even closer at the new Facebook privacy changes , things get downright ugly when it comes to controlling who gets to see personal information such as your list of friends .
Under the new regime , Facebook treats that information — along with your name , profile picture , current city , gender , networks , and the pages that you are a " fan " of — as " publicly available information " or " PAI . "
Before , users were allowed to restrict access to much of that information .
Now , however , those privacy options have been eliminated .
For example , although you used to have the ability to prevent everyone but your friends from seeing your friends list , that old privacy setting — shown below — has now been removed completely from the privacy settings page .
Facebook counters that some of this " publicly available information " was previously available to the public to some degree ( while admitting that some of it definitely was not , such as your gender and your current city , which you used to be able to hide ) .
For example , Facebook points to the fact that although you could restrict who could see what pages you are a fan of when they look at your profile , your fan status was still reflected on the page that you were a fan of .
But that 's no justification for eliminating your control over what people see on your profile .
For example , you might want to join the fan page of a controversial issue ( like a page that supports or condemns the legalization of gay marriage ) , and let all your personal friends see this on your profile , but hide it from your officemates , relatives or the public at large .
While it 's true that someone could potentially look through all the thousands upon thousands of possible fan pages to find out which ones you 've joined , few people would actually do this .
Facebook also counters that users can still control whether non-friends can see your Friends List by going into the hard - to - find profile editing settings on your profile page and changing the number of friends displayed on the public version of your profile to " 0 " unchecking the new check - box in your Friends setting that says " show my friends on my profile " .
However , if the goal with these changes was to clarify the privacy settings and make them easier to find and use , then Facebook has completely failed when it comes to controlling who sees who you are friends with .
And even if you do have some control over whether non-friends can see your friends list — if you hunt around and can find the right setting , which is no longer under " Privacy Settings " —
Facebook has made the privacy situation even worse when it comes to information sharing with the developers of Facebook apps .
The issue of privacy when it comes to Facebook apps such as those innocent - seeming quizzes has been well - publicized by our friends at the ACLU and was a major concern for the Canadian Privacy Commissioner , which concluded that app developers had far too much freedom to suck up users ' personal data , including the data of Facebook users who do n't use apps at all .
Facebook previously offered a solution to users who did n't want their info being shared with app developers over the Facebook Platform every time a one of their friends added an app : users could select a privacy option telling Facebook to " not share any information about me through the Facebook API . "
That option has disappeared , and now apps can get all of your " publicly available information " whenever a friend of yours adds an app .
Facebook defends this change by arguing that very few users actually ever selected that option — in the same breath that they talk about how complicated and hard to find the previous privacy settings were .
Rather than eliminating the option , Facebook should have made it more prominent and done a better job of publicizing it .
Instead , the company has sent a clear message : if you do n't want to share your personal data with hundreds or even thousands of nameless , faceless Facebook app developers — some of whom are obviously far from honest — then you should n't use Facebook .
These changes are especially worrisome because even something as seemingly innocuous as your list of friends can reveal a great deal about you .
In September , for example , an MIT study nicknamed " Gaydar " demonstrated that researchers could accurately predict a Facebook user 's sexual orientation simply by examining the user 's friends - list .
This kind of data mining of social networks is a science still in its infancy ; the amount of data that can be extrapolated from " publicly available information " will only increase with time .
In addition to potentially revealing intimate facts about your sexuality — or your politics , or your religion — this change also greatly reduces Facebook 's utility as a tool for political dissent .
In the Iranian protests earlier this year , Facebook played a critical role in allowing dissidents to communicate and organize with relative privacy in the face of a severe government crackdown .
Much of that utility and privacy has now been lost .
The creation of this new category of " publicly available information " is made all the more ugly by Facebook 's failure to properly disclose it until today — the very day it is forcing the new change on users — when it added a new bullet point at the top of its privacy policy specifying this new category of public information that will not have any privacy settings .
The previous versions of the policy , however , either did n't disclose this fact at all , or buried it deep in the text surrounded by broad assurances of privacy .
For example , in its previous privacy policy before it was revised in November , Facebook did n't specify any of your data as " publicly available information , " and instead offered broad privacy assurances like this one :
We understand you may not want everyone in the world to have the information you share on Facebook ; that is why we give you control of your information .
...
You choose what information you put in your profile , including contact and personal information , pictures , interests and groups you join .
And you control the users with whom you share that information through the privacy settings on the Privacy page .
Meanwhile , the privacy policy as updated in November did specifically call out certain information as " publicly available " and without privacy settings nearly half - way down the page , surrounded by privacy promises such as these :
" You decide how much information you feel comfortable sharing on Facebook and you control how it is distributed through your privacy settings . "
" Facebook is about sharing information with others — friends and people in your networks — while providing you with privacy settings that you can use to restrict other users from accessing your information . "
" you can control who has access to [ certain information you have posted to your profile ] , as well as who can find you in searches , through your privacy settings . "
" You can use your privacy settings to limit which of your information is available to ' everyone . ' "
These statements are at best confusing and at worst simply untrue , and did n't give sufficient notice to users of the changes that were announced today .
In conclusion , we at EFF are worried that today 's changes will lead to Facebook users publishing to the world much more information about themselves than they ever intended .
Back in 2008 , Facebook told Canada 's Privacy Commissioner that " users are given extensive and precise controls that allow them to choose who sees what among their networks and friends , as well as tools that give them the choice to make a limited set of information available to search engines and other outside entities . "
In its report from July , The Privacy Commissioner relied on such statements to conclude that Facebook 's default settings fell within " reasonable expectations , " specifically noting that the " privacy settings — and notably all those relating to profile fields — indicate information sharing with ' My Networks and Friends . ' "
No longer .
Major privacy settings are now set to share with everyone by default , in some cases without any user choice , and we at EFF do not think that those new defaults fall within the average Facebook user 's " reasonable expectations " .
If you 're a Facebook user and you agree , we urge you to visit the Facebook Site Governance page and leave a comment telling Facebook that you want real control over all of your data .
In the meantime , those users who care about control over their privacy will have to decide for themselves whether participation in the new Facebook is worth such an extreme privacy trade - off .
Who needs tanks on the lawn when you have the Environmental Protection Agency ?
Barack Obama ’s use of the EPA to pressurise the Senate to pass his climate change Nuremberg Decrees shows his dictatorial mentality .
He wants to override Congress , which is hostile to his climate gobbledegook because it is representative of the American electorate , and sideline the nation ’s elected Senators by ruling by decree , courtesy of the EPA .
This is a coup d’état .
And what is the justification for this undemocratic action ?
The allegedly imminent threat from “ Anthropogenic Global Warming ” .
There is always a supposed threat , when tyrants take the stage .
The President of the United States has just reduced his moral authority to the level of any Third World dictator heading a “ Government of National Emergency ” .
Fortunately , the world ’s leading democracy , which he is trying to subvert , has guarantees of liberty so deeply embedded in its Constitution that US citizens are well placed to fight back .
In the first place , regulation can be challenged in a way that laws cannot .
So the EPA ’s proposed ruling on so - called “ Greenhouse Gases ” can be opposed extensively with litigation , to the point that the ruling might not yet be in force when Obama demits office .
In the second place , the EPA is funded by Congress .
So , if the Agency is being used to bypass or neuter Congress , why should legislators not play hardball and retaliate by cutting off its funding ?
The EPA may look formidable , but its situation is rather as if Rommel were buying the fuel for his tanks from the Allies .
But what is of compelling interest on this side of the pond is the way in which the bullets to shoot down American democracy were made in Britain .
The trail is not hard to follow .
When the EPA published its “ Endangerment Finding ” on greenhouse gases and proposed rule , back in April , almost every paragraph of the text ( Federal Register , April 24 , 2009 , pp 18886-18910 ) cited as authority the IPCC ’s 2007 Report , which the Agency acknowledges it “ relies on most heavily ” .
And whence came the main input on climate change to that report ?
Yes , that ’s right !
You ’ve got it : from Phil Jones , Michael Mann and the rest of the lads at the CRU , East Anglia .
From the innovative , creative “ scientists ” who wanted to “ beat the crap ” out of a climate change sceptic ; who “ just completed Mike ’s Nature trick ” ; who “ ca n’t account for the lack of warming at the moment and it is a travesty that we can ’t ” ; who deleted e-mails in the interests of science ; who tried to prevent publication of dissenters ’ views ; who coined the historic phrase “ hide the decline ” .
Those jokers are the main authority for the extravagant claims in the IPCC report and , by extension , for the EPA ’s “ Endangerment Finding ” .
That is the authority that is being invoked to overturn the principles of 1776 in the United States .
The Protocols of the Elders of Norwich are the justification for EPA tyranny .
It is with that weighty evidence at his back that Barack Obama is going to Copenhagen to sell out American taxpayers to Third World subsidy junkies , profiteering “ green ” corporations and the ever entrepreneurial Al Gore .
This is the steal of the millennium : forget the Great Train Robbery and the Brinks Mat caper – these hoodlums are targeting $ 45 trillion .
Obama hates America and , increasingly , that sentiment is being reciprocated .
This is a socialist , World Government putsch .
Have the American people the resolution to resist it ?
We shall soon know .
I 've been visiting Ibiza for years , captivated by its bohemian character , music scene and relaxed cosmopolitan vibe .
I liked the island so much I wrote the original Rough Guide to Ibiza , a wonderful , intoxicating and exhausting project that must rank as about as much fun as you can have on planet Earth in the name of a job .
But times have changed and my love for the White Isle has faded as bling has replaced boho and the club scene has become increasingly predictable .
It has also become insanely expensive : entrance to Pacha cost € 64 ( £ 57 ) on my last trip , and a beer was € 10 .
I have been increasingly drawn to Indonesia , first to Bali and later to the tiny tropical island of Gili Trawangan , whose zeitgeist is right here , right now .
Just as Ibiza 's halcyon days were in the early 60s ( when the first wave of beatniks arrived ) and the late 80s ( when acid house exploded ) , this tiny island off the north - west of larger Lombok is shaking off its reputation as a backpacker hangout and starting to register with a hip crowd from Asia and Europe .
The scene is quite raw , unpretentious and hedonistic , with stylish bars , vibrant nightlife , a hip hotel or two and very decent diving .
Designers from Hong Kong and fashionistas from Tokyo mix with travellers from the UK , scuba nuts and Indonesian creative types .
A veritable speck in the tropics – the island is just a couple of miles long and a mile across – Trawangan is an hour or so by fast boat from Bali .
( It 's also 1,500 miles from the earthquake - hit Padang area of Sumatra and was completely unaffected by the devastating quake there three months ago . )
All the desert island clichés are present and correct : dazzling white - sand beaches fringed by coconut palms , turquoise waters and a coral reef .
It 's still possible to live the tropical dream – snorkelling , feasting on fresh seafood , then lounging or dancing under the stars – for a fistful of Indonesian rupiah .
But if your budget is bigger and your comfort zone narrower , there are some superb new accommodation options .
Seriously stylish thatched - roofed cabins ( most built in local " rice barn " style ) are replacing creaky old A - frame huts .
Expect polished timber floors , hand - carved beds with gorgeous linen , and open - air bamboo - walled bathrooms .
Those at Dream Village ( around € 50 a night ) have front decks facing the island 's best sandy beach .
Of course , there are plenty of idyllic islands in south - east Asia with decent hotels and a lively bar or two .
Gili Trawangan 's trump card is that there is no traffic : no cars , motorbikes or motorised transport at all .
Not one moped .
Nada .
This is not accidental ; locals have opted for relatively sustainable development , determined to avoid the mistakes that have turned southern Bali 's paddy fields into a traffic hell .
The only way to get around is aboard a cidamo – a kind of horse - and - cart " taxi " – on foot , or by bicycle .
You can walk around the entire shoreline in a couple of hours along a delightful path that meanders between coconut palms .
Trawangan may be increasingly prosperous but the atmosphere remains bohemian , with a sandy high street where magic mushrooms ( " Take you to bloody heaven and back – no transport necessary " ) are on sale alongside hand - made jewellery and sarongs .
The main drag has rickety timber warung ( canteens ) rustling up nasi goreng ( Indonesian fried rice ) juxtaposed with sleek bars such as the über - stylish British - owned Horizontal , with its decadent cocktail list and modern menu .
At night these beachfront bars play lounge music and chilled electronic tunes next to the waves , while later the action gravitates to one of the designated party venues – Friday nights at Rudy 's are a blast , the dancefloor bouncing to pumping house and trance .
There are no entry fees to these low - key raves , which are packed with an unlikely mix of living - the - dream travellers , Asian clubbers and long - haired Trawangan beach boys .
Until a year or two ago , a party night in Trawangan meant an excess of industrial - style repetitive beats courtesy of a local DJ of dubious repute .
Times have changed , and now DJs over from Bali often spin the discs , with the odd superstar turntablist dropping by – Timo Maas played here in 2009 .
Globally renowned DJs are prepared to play the Gilis for free , revelling in the joy of playing to a relaxed crowd on a dream beach .
During the day , most people gravitate to the coral reef that fringes Trawangan and its two neighbouring islands .
Trawangan 's marine environment is on the road to recovery after years of overfishing ( and the effects of El Niño in 1997 - 8 , when soaring water temperatures bleached the coral ) .
Four years ago the islands ' six scuba diving schools cut a deal with locals to safeguard the reef .
Fishermen would be paid not to fish in the area , and it was hoped that marine life would recolonise the coral .
The effects are remarkable .
Not only have the top predators ( metre- long white and black - tip reef sharks ) returned in numbers but smaller species ( including ghostly looking pipefish and several types of sea horse ) are prolific , too .
Scuba - nuts can be fairly sure of spotting turtles , and vast schools of lumbering bumphead parrotfish cruise by on full - moon evenings , gobbling up coral spawn .
The sea is usually so clear that it 's possible to pick out individual grains of sand as you snorkel offshore .
In tandem with the fishing embargo , a reef regeneration project called Biorock ensures that stray or loose living corals are collected and transplanted onto frames beneath the sea .
Electrodes supplied with low - voltage currents cause electrolytic reactions , accelerating coral growth and ultimately creating an artificial reef .
These Biorock installations are just off the main beach , at a depth of about eight metres , and make a great snorkelling experience , with clown fish darting in and out of the coral and purple - and - yellow nudibranch sea slugs clinging to the embryonic reef .
The fishing moratorium has been a great success but it has created a cultural conundrum .
Trawangan was uninhabited 50 years ago ; the first settlers were Bugis fishing people from the island of Sulawesi .
Their descendants ' way of life is now very much tied to tourism rather than fishing .
Virtually all locals are Muslim , and it's good to respect sensibilities .
Bikinis on the beach are fine ( though topless sunbathing is a no - no ) but it 's best to wrap a sarong round your waist for strolling around .
Alcohol is widely available and though most locals fast during Ramadan , and parties are suspended for the month , visitors are free to consume food and drink ( including alcohol ) .
Party head or not , the island remains a delightful place to kick back for a week or so , spending days horizontal in a hammock , or suspended over a coral reef , snorkel in mouth .
And if Trawangan sounds a tad too developed , consider one of the other two Gili islands :
Meno is totally tranquil , with a population of just 300 or so , while Air has a little more going on , with a strip of beach restaurants , though no nightlife .
Essentials
Mortgage companies are apparently convinced the housing slump is over .
At this rate , we 'll be back to no -money - down mortgages with three - year - teaser rates by spring .
Ruth Simon , WSJ : Some mortgage insurers and lenders are beginning to relax their down - payment requirements , in a sign of increased confidence in the housing market .
The changes , which are being done on a market - by - market basis , mean buyers in some parts of the country can now borrow 95 % instead of 90 % of a property 's value .
Until recently , mortgage companies had tighter standards for these markets because of falling home prices .
" We are feeling better about the economic condition of the marketplace , " said Michael Zimmerman , senior vice president of investor relations at mortgage insurer MGIC Insurance Corp .
Borrowers who want to finance more than 80 % of a home 's value must typically purchase mortgage insurance .
Earlier this month , MGIC removed New Orleans , Dover , Del. , Akron , Ohio , and four other areas in Ohio from its list of restricted markets .
The moves followed the company 's decision in September to loosen restrictions on 11 markets , including Denver and St. Louis .
Read the whole thing >
We now have Marine combat veterans debunking the official propaganda about the Christmas airline bombing attempt on established veteran websites .
The cavalry 's finally coming , can you hear the trumpets ?
The comments on the Veterans Today article linked below are vital .
An attack on Christmas and an excuse for further war and domestic tyranny was the main gig .
But a key side deal here is probably getting the necessary permanent silence from Mutallab 's father , who probably knows too much about Mossad running Nigeria , Africa and the WORLD .
He may have subtly indicated discomfort with something , probably the US / Saudi / Israeli proxy terror war against his wife 's country , Yemen .
The Yemeni wife may also be the target .
She may know someone in Yemen and may have explained to Yemen who " Al Qaeda " in Yemen really is , which is why Yemen is now openly telling the world that " Al Qaeda " is really ISRAELI .
The presence of Israeli " security " firm ICTS at Schiphol is deafening , ICTS of course suspected on 9/11 of having arranged for security lapses and / or patsy - framing operations at some of the originating US airports .
Here 's the US version of the Mathaba report where I first got the news , at bottom .
http://www.veteranstoday.com/modules.php?name=News&file= article&sid=9951&mode=thread&order=0&thold=0 Could Terror War Be Response By Israel And GOP To Threats Of Their Global Plans ?
By Gordon Duff Senior Editor - Staff Writer
When nothing adds up , its time we starting looking at what we know .
Our recent terrorist , now dubbed " the crotch bomber " is another dupe .
He could have been working for anyone , drugged , brainwashed or simply influenced , maybe by crazy Arabs , maybe by the Mossad , maybe by the CIA .
We only know the game is falling apart .
We do know a couple of things .
Dad , back in Nigeria , ran the national arms industry ( DICON ) in partnership with Israel , in particular , the Mossad .
He was in daily contact with them .
They run everything in Nigeria , from arms production to counter - terrorism .
Though Islamic , Muttalab was a close associate of Israel .
He has been misrepresented .
His " banking " is a cover .
Next , what do we know about the two Al Qaeda leaders Bush had released , the ones who planned this ?
According to ABC news , the Al Qaeda leaders running the insurgency in Yemen were released from Guantanamo , although two of the highest ranking known terrorist there , without trial .
Guantanamo prisoner # 333 , Muhamad Attik al - Harbi , and prisoner # 372 , Said Ali Shari , were sent to Saudi Arabia on Nov. 9 , 2007 , according to the Defense Department log of detainees who were released from American custody .
Both of the former Guantanamo detainees are described as military commanders and appear on a January , 2009 video along with the man described as the top leader of al Qaeda in Yemen , Abu Basir Naser al - Wahishi , formerly Osama bin Laden 's personal secretary .
With all the hoopla about trials in New York , not a word is said when top level terrorists are released to Saudi friends of the Bush family who let them go .
We are now fighting these two Bush friends in Yemen .
They are running a major insurgency there .
We have been using Cruise missiles and our jets to attack their bases in the last weeks .
CBS NEWS LEARNS CIA HAD ADVANCE INFORMATION ON DETROIT TERRORIST CBS
News has learned that as early as August of 2009 the Central Intelligence Agency was picking up information on a person of interest dubbed " The Nigerian , " suspected of meeting with " terrorist elements " in Yemen .
" The Nigerian " has turned out to be Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab .
But that connection was not made when Abudulmutallab 's father went to the U.S. Embassy in Nigeria three months later , on November 19 , 2009 .
It was then he expressed deep concerns to a CIA officer about his son's ties to extremists in Yemen , a hotbed of al Qaeda activity .
THE CIA OFFICIAL STATEMENT CIA admits broad information during the November interview , information not acted on in any responsible way but failed to understand that the terrorist they were warned of in November was the one they had been tracking since August .
" We learned of him in November , when his father came to the U.S. embassy in Nigeria and sought help in finding him .
We did not have his name before then , " said Paul Gimigliano , a CIA spokesman .
" Also in November , we worked with the embassy to ensure he was in the government 's terrorist database - including mention of his possible extremist connections in Yemen .
We also forwarded key biographical information about him to the National Counterterrorism Center .
CIA , ISRAEL AND YEMEN
It is claimed by groups claiming to be Al Qaeda in Yemen that the Detroit attack was in retaliation to US attacks on bases in Yemen run by Al Qaeda leaders released by Bush .
The government of Yemen , as reported in the BBC , says that the Al Qaeda terrorists , led by those released by Bush , are really Israeli agents though they have organized attacks against US targets : Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh has said the security forces have arrested a group of alleged Islamist militants linked to Israeli intelligence .
Mr Saleh did not say what evidence had been found to show the group 's links with Israel , a regional enemy of Yemen .
The arrests were connected with an attack on the US embassy in Sanaa last month which killed at least 18 people , official sources were quoted saying .
" A terrorist cell was arrested and will be referred to the judicial authorities for its links with the Israeli intelligence services , " Mr Saleh told a gathering at al - Mukalla University in Hadramawt province .
" Details of the trial will be announced later .
You will hear about what goes on in the proceedings , " he added .
The 17 September attack was the second to target the US embassy since April .
Militants detonated car bombs before firing rockets at the heavily fortified building .
Mr Saleh did not identify the suspects , but official sources were quoted saying it was same cell - led by a militant called Abu al - Ghaith al - Yamani - whose arrest was announced a week after the attack .
With continual reports from Pakistan that India and Israel have been involved in terrorst attacks against US supporters there and the recent reports that the Detroit bomber was assisted by an Indian while boarding in Amsterdam and partially confirmed reports that a second bomber , an Indian , was arrested and taken from the plane in Detroit .
MILive broke this story in the US which originated with Reuters : Reuters reports Dutch military police are investigating claims that an accomplice may have helped Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab board Northwest Flight 253 in Amsterdam on Christmas day without a passport .
Kurt Haskell of Newport , Mich. , took to the comments section of this Web site early Saturday to share his story :
That he and his wife , Lori , saw a well - dressed man help Abdulmutallab board the flight without a passport under the guise he was a Sudanese refugee .
The military police have already said Abdulmutallab did not go through passport control at Schiphol when he arrived from Lagos .
In another interview on Inside Edition , Haskell described what happened : A passenger has come forward with disturbing new details about the plot to bring down a jet , including the astonishing claim that the accused terrorist was able to board the plane without a passport .
Kurt Haskell showed INSIDE EDITION his boarding pass for Northwest flight 253 from Amsterdam to Detroit .
The lawyer , who lives outside Detroit , was returning home from an African safari when he says he saw the terror suspect , Umar Farouk Abdulmutallabm , and another man , who he thought was Indian , approach the ticket agent .
" Only the Indian man spoke , " says Haskell , " And what he said was , ' This man needs to board the plane but he does n't have a passport . ' " " His clothes were like jeans and a t - shirt or something , he looked kind of thin , like a 16 - year - old teenager , and the other man , looked like he was 50 years old , looked like he was a wealthy , Indian man .
I just could n't figure out why they were together , " Haskell tells INSIDE EDITION .
An earlier CBS news report today stated : CBS News has learned the State Department system designed to keep track of active U.S. visas twice failed to reveal Nigerian terror suspect Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab had been issued an active visa allowing him multiple entries into the United States .
According to a law enforcement source , the first failure came on Nov. 19 , 2009 , the very same day Abdulmutallab father 's , Dr. Umaru Mutallab , a prominent banking official in Nigeria , expressed deep concern to officials at the U.S. Embassy in Abjua , Nigeria , that his 23 - year - old son had fallen under the influence of " religious extremists " in Yemen .
The second failure to flag an active visa belonging to Abdulmuttalab occurred the very next day in Washington , after Mutallab 's concerns were forwarded to officials there .
It was only after the Christmas Day terror attack in Detroit that U.S. officials learned that Abdulmuttalab had been issued a visa by the U.S. Embassy in London valid from June 16 , 2008 , through June 12 , 2010 . ..
Thus , in another set of coincidences , the system put in place after 9/11 , meant to prevent the misuse of student visas for terrorist acts , single , Islamic engineering students tied to religious extremists being a risk factor in that area , failed totally .
Picture the November 19 interview .
A poor taxi driver comes to the US embassy : " My son , he is hanging around with a rough crowd .
He says he wants to blow something up ! "
No , wait , that was someone else .
Picture the November 19 interview .
One of the richest people in the world , head of a major bank , cabinet minister , head of the national armaments industry , close associate of the US Ambassador and someone known around the world makes an appointment to come to the US embassy .
He would n't have met a clerk .
The US Ambassador himself would have arranged for the highest ranking officer in the embassy hold the interview .
Mr. Muttalab would have been greeted by the ambassador when he came to the embassy .
MUTALLAH MEETS WITH CIA CHIEF OF STATION IN NIGERIA , NOVEMBER 19 We have confirmed that Mutallah met with the CIA chief of station in Nigeria .
Imagine this person of great power and influence , with friends at the highest levels of the CIA and Mossad .
When he came to announce his son may be a terrorist , he was a loving father asking for help ?
He would have made this points : * My son is a danger to himself and others , please keep him safe *
Do not allow my son to travel to the United States under any imaginable circumstances as he is likely to be involved in acts of terrorism *
Please assure me that you will act immediately and contact me as to what measures you have taken
Were any of this true , this is what would have been said .
Were any of what we have been told true , none of what we saw in Detroit could have happened .
What we know is that something very different than this really happened .
Go ahead and Google " muttalab , nigeria , bank , mossad , defense " Let 's look at the Wayne Marsden report on the failures at the airport in Amsterdam along with direct ties between this case and the shoe bomber Richard Reid :
The Mutallab case also resembles that of another attempted plane bombing , that of the hapless " shoe bomber " Richard Reid .
It has also been revealed that Mutallab is the son of Alhaji Umaru Mutallab , the former chairman of First Bank of Nigeria .
According to This Day of Lagos , the elder Mutallab claims he reported the extremist views of his son to Nigerian security agencies , as well as to the U.S. embassy in Abuja , yet no attempt was made to prevent the radically - inclined Nigerian student to board the plane in Schiphol .
The attempted plane bomber was schooled at the British International School in Lome , Togo and attended college in London and moved to Egypt and Dubai .
The elder Mutallab is a frequent visitor to the United States and he is married to a Yemeni woman .
...
Marsden points out the well established family ties to Yemen thru his wife .
He further points out how Israel managed to bring the terrorist son of Mutallab through multiple airport security obstacles with the same ease the United States shephered a known terrorist through a visa process .
What we had n't seen is how much this process had been tested during the " shoe bomber " episode .
For a number of years , passengers at Schiphol flying to the United States have been subjected to intense grilling by security personnel linked to an Israeli firm .
US bound passengers at Schiphol are asked a number of personal questions , including where they have stayed either in the Netherlands or in their country of origin .
Hotel receipts are routinely requested by security personnel and the addresses of private temporary residences are recorded .
Mutallab boarded a KLM flight in Lagos for Schiphol where he transited for his onward flight to Detroit on Northwest / Delta .
Six months prior to Reid 's near shoe bombing of American Airlines flight 63 from Paris to Miami in December 2001 , while memories of 9/11 were still fresh in everyone 's mind , Reid attempted to board an El Al flight from Schiphol to Tel Aviv .
Reid was taken aside by El Al security and identified as a terrorist suspect .
Reid paid for a one - way ticket with cash and would not reveal what he planned to do in Israel .
However , rather than turning Reid into Dutch security for further action , he was allowed to board the El Al flight by Israel 's Shin Bet security so his movements during his five days in Israel could be monitored .
Six months later , Reid attempted to ignite his shoe on the flight from Paris to Miami .
Israel had not informed British , American , or any other security agency of the concerns about Reid .
Reid 's aunt , Claudette Lewis who raised Reid in south London , was quoted as saying she believed her nephew had been " brainwashed . "
Reid later said El
Al failed to detect that he had explosives in his shoes on the flight to Tel Aviv , an amazing revelation considering the Israeli airline 's tight security .
..
The links between El Al security and Mossad are extremely close with abundant cross-pollination of senior personnel back and forth .
The security company that allowed Reid to board American Airlines 63 at Charles de Gaulle airport in Paris was ICTS ( International Consultants on Targeted Security ) International .
ICTS 's senior management are all ex-Israeli security officials , many of whom worked for El Al security .
It was ICTS that largely developed the passenger " profiling " procedures used at Schiphol and other airports around the world through its subsidiary , ICTS Holland Products BV .
JUST THE FACTS : Let 's review what we know thus far : * Our terrorist traveled to Yemen to meet with terrorists there *
The terrorists in Yemen had been in Guantanamo but had been ordered released by the Bush Administration though they were , perhaps the most dangerous detainees held *
The government of Yemen tells us that Islamic terrorists there have been arrested who have proven ties to Israeli intelligence *
Our terrorists father , though we are told is a retired " Nigerian banker " actually ran their defense industry in close cooperation with Israeli Intelligence ( Mossad ) *
Our terrorist 's visa to the US was never with withdrawn , though he was on a " terrorist watchlist " *
Our terrorist , though flying from Nigeria , entered the Netherlands without passing thru customs , something impossible to do without assistance from an intelligence agency *
Our terrorist , while at the Amsterdam airport , was being assisted by a man appearing to be Indian , who claimed our Nigerian terrorist was a Sudanese refugee with no passport ( no passport was used entering the EU , something technically impossible ) *
However , Dutch authorities , the same ones who confirmed he entered the country with no passport also confirmed he had a valid US visa , though on a terrorist watch list that is shared with Dutch authorities .
* Airport security in Amsterdam is contracted to an Israeli controlled company with , not only the most sophisticated technologies , but , in fact , the company that had developed the concept of security profiling .
*
The parallels between this case and the Richard Reid " shoe bomber " case are much more than admitted .
WHERE THE STORY IS GOING
We keep going back to 2007 .
Why were these terrorists released to Saudi custody ?
Why did Saudi Arabia release them soon afterward ?
With the 2nd major terrorist front in the world being Yemen and the terrorist operation there under the control of released Bush detainees , there is reason for suspicion .
While we have all of these facts , easily verifiable , we have a much stronger case against the Bush Administration or Israel than Al Qaeda .
There is no real evidence that Al Qaeda would be operating in Yemen without American or Saudi help and even , as stated by the Government of Yemen , direct material assistance from Israel .
Why would such a thing be done , something against all reason unless terrorism itself was part of a larger regional plan and a " war on terror " was only a ruse .
When Pakistan comes to us and says that Israel and India are involved in terrorism there and we ignore it , is it because it is n't credible or because the US government has been involved , as we seem to be involved in Yemen ?
WHY THE STORY HAS TO GRIND TO A STOP OR ....
" THE WHOLE DIRTY MESS WILL COLLAPSE " Why are we satisfied to take one person into custody , one person who ties to so many irregularities and ask nothing else ?
As with 9/11 and so many other seeminly impossible times when so many things go wrong that only great power and the cooperation of many agencies in many countries could make it possible , why do we ask nothing .
We have a major investigation in Nigeria , not only of the father and his connections to Israel but our own embassy and why they left this visa alone when the individual was a known terrorist .
How could this terrorist travel to Yemen to meet with an organization run by former detainees released by Bush and his Saudi friends , former detainees that Yemen claims are working for israel ?
How could he do this and be allowed to return to Nigeria , a country whose intelligence services are tied to Israel and trained by Israel .
They would have known in a second .
How did this terrorist enter the Netherlands without showing a passport ?
Try it .
You will meet lots of Dutch people who will keep you in a small room for hours , days even .
It is absolutely impossible .
People are picked up in the EU while in passport control for non-payment of child support .
I am being told they can't find a terrorist ?
We have n't begun to discover how he got past security equipment and screening .
It is n't like he is n't the highest profile potential terrorist who has entered Nigeria in decades .
He is Islamic , young and traveling alone .
Ask any young Islamic traveler how many times they have been searched .
Is is on a terrorist watchlist .
This is like the " no fly list " on steroids .
You are n't just denied flight , you are put under immediate surveillance .
If he had shown his passport , it would have shown him entering Yemen , a known terrorist training ground .
This would have stopped him also .
With the Bush administration releasing terrorist leaders and shepherding them back into their former profession , with our embassy , State Department , Homeland Security and every other organization we spent so many billions of dollars to " coordinate " all failing , is there , just perhaps , a minor sign of conspiracy ?
I would call President Obama to account for failures to discover what appears to be a conspiracy of his predecessor but , as the GOP blogs that fill the internet are working overtime to obscure the facts and place the blame on Obama alone , there could be no greater proof of non-involvement .
duffsterFrankly , if the Obama administration was involved with Bush , as it seems they are , then the Bush / Cheney " disinformation " attack dogs would be leashed .
They are not .
Thus , Bush and Cheney should be targeted for investigation .
Veterans Today Senior Editor Gordon Duff is a Marine combat veteran and regular contributor on policial and social issues .
Say hello to your HTC Android devices for 2010 .
The Legend , Salsa , Tide , Buzz , and Bravo would like to meet you .
After the recent leak of HTC 's device codenames , we now have pictures and early specs to associate to those names .
There 's definitely a lot of exciting stuff coming from HTC and all these devices are currently targeted for release in the first half of 2010 .
HTC has more or less split up their 2010 Android product lineup into three categories : social , design / lifestyle and performance ( or as we call it , low , mid , and high ) .
It looks like for 2010 , HTC will introduce different form factors ( front facing QWERTY candybar ! ) and new experiences .
We 're ridiculously excited .
Read on to see HTC's 2010 Android Smartphone Lineup !
[ xda - developers ]
Distant Worlds is a new real - time 4 x space strategy game being developed by CodeForce and to be published by Matrix Games .
The game beta phase is now almost finished and although the official game release date is not yet announced the game is expected to be released in the first quarter of 2010 .
Distant Worlds happens in Real - Time
Distant Worlds is a real - time strategy game .
In contrast with turn - based games like Master of Orion 2 , Galactic Civilizations or Armada 2526 , in DW the player can be surprised at any time by new events or by enemy attacks which requires the player to make decisions on the spot in a continuous gaming experience .
The player is allowed to pause the game at any time though .
Space combat and ground combat also happens in real - time .
Less Micromanagement on an Epic Scale
One of the flag features of DW is that it will provide immense size galaxies with hundreds of systems and thousands of planets .
To navigate thorough all that space the game offers several tiers of zoom focus : Galaxy , Sector , System and Planetary views .
To switch between these views the player may click on the different focus buttons or zoom in and out smoothly ( supposedly using the mouse wheel ) , something similar to the Civilization 4 style of focus , for the ones that know this popular game .
The other flag feature of DW is the ability for the player to set several levels of game automation .
Several areas of the game experience can be set to automatic .
These include : colonization , ship building , ship design , attack enemies , treaties and tax set .
Another aspect of the game mechanics is that some tasks are automatically managed by what DW calls the “ private citizens ” .
Some of these tasks include : mining resources , transporting cargo , migration between colonies and tourism .
We ’ll only fully understand what they mean when we play the game but judging from this and from the extensive use of automation options , Distant Worlds seems to put itself among the type of games that offer grand scale / high - level strategy that requires less micro-management to be done by the player .
With this respect DW mechanics seem to be more similar to games like Sins of a Solar Empire , Sword of the Stars or the original Master of Orion .
Other games put more emphasis on low - level micro-management , among these games are Galactic Civilizations 2 , Armada 2526 or Master of Orion 2 .
There is not right or wrong approach here , there simply are different types and levels of micro-management that different types of players seem to enjoy more .
Special emphasis in Exploration and Expansion
Distant Worlds promises to put more emphasis on the eXploration and eXpansion phases ( see What are 4x Games : a Definition and links to Games for a definition ) and less on the eXtermination phase .
One proof of this is that the player must explore other systems using special exploration ships specially designed to explore new star systems .
Distant Worlds – Exploring a new Planet
The player must use these ships to obtain relevant info about planets like for example which resources are available in the planet .
With exploration ships the player may also investigate ancient ruins and abandoned spaceships .
Other important features
The game offers all the standard features of 4 x games : diplomacy , espionage and research .
It also offers spaceship design and star - base design capabilities which is always a popular feature among fans of this genre .
Distant Worlds – Spaceship Design
Where the game seems to have put a lot of effort was on game help and assistance .
There are lots of tool tips available throughout the game , tutorials and even a Galactopedia with all sorts of game info and help .
Some more Screenshots ( click to enlarge )
Videos
Video # 1 : Distant Worlds – Introduction
Video # 2 : Distant Worlds – Exploration
Video # 3 : Distant Worlds – Game Controls
Current Status
As soon as I can get my hands on Distant World I ’ll make a detailed review about this interesting game so stay tuned .
There is no demo available yet .
Open beta seems to be about finished but there is no official data yet announced .
In the mean time you can get more information regarding Distant Worlds from the official developer : CodeForce , the publisher : Matrix Games or in the official game forums .
Subscribe RSS
Related Articles :
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Thieves in Brazil have stolen more than $ 6 m ( £ 3.7 m ) from a cash delivery firm , taking advantage of the nation 's passion for football , police say .
Police believe the thieves - who had dug a tunnel into the firm 's building - struck when season - ending matches were played in Sao Paulo on Sunday .
A security guard later told local media he had heard a loud noise but thought it was fireworks lit by fans .
The theft was only discovered on Sunday evening - after the matches had ended .
Sao Paulo police allege the thieves rented a house in the area about four months ago and then painstakingly dug a 100 m - long ( 110 yards ) tunnel to the office of the company .
Officers believe they struck late on Sunday afternoon - as millions of people across Brazil were watching the football season 's finale .
Firefighters later inspected the tunnel and found abandoned maps and tools , the police said .
During their stay in the house , the thieves disguised themselves as residents , even putting a Christmas tree in the window , the Globo website reported .
William Black is a former senior bank regulator , now associate professor of economics and law at the University of Missouri – Kansas City ( UMKC ) , who writes for New Deal 2.0 .
The first decade of this century proved how essential effective regulators are to prevent economic catastrophe and epidemics of fraud .
The most severe failure was at the Federal Reserve .
The Fed ’s failure was the most harmful because it had unique authority to prevent the fraud epidemic and the resulting economic crisis .
The Fed refused to exercise that authority despite knowing of the fraud epidemic and potential for crisis .
The Fed ’s failures were legion , but five are worthy of particular note .
1. Greenspan believed that the Fed should not regulate v. fraud 2 .
Bernanke believed that the Fed should rely on self - regulation by “ the market ” 3 . ( Former ) Federal Reserve Bank of New York President Geithner testified that he had never been a regulator ( a true statement , but not one he ’s supposed to admit ) 4 .
Bernanke gave the key support to the Chamber of Commerce ’s effort to gimmick bank accounting rules to cover up their massive losses — allowing them to report fictional profits and “ earn ” tens of billions of dollars of bonuses 5 . Bernanke recently appointed Dr. Patrick Parkinson as the Fed ’s top supervisor .
He is an economist that has never examined or supervised .
He is known for claiming that credit default swaps ( CDS , a.k. a the financial derivatives that destroyed AIG ) should be unregulated because fraud was impossible among sophisticated parties .
Each error arises from the intersection of ideology and bad economics .
The Fed ’s regulatory failures pose severe risks today .
Three of the key failed anti-regulators occupy some of the most important regulatory positions in the world .
Each was a serial failure as regulator .
Each has failed to take accountability for their failures .
Last week , Dr. Bernanke asserted that bad regulation caused the crisis — yet he was one of the most senior bad regulators that failed to respond to the fraud epidemic and prevent the crisis .
As Dr. Bernanke ’s appointment of Dr. Parkinson as the Fed ’s top supervisor demonstrates , the Fed ’s senior leadership has failed , despite the Great Recession , to learn from the crisis and abandon their faith in the theories and policies that caused the crisis .
Worst of all , the Fed is an imperial anti-regulatory seeking vastly greater regulatory scope at the expense of ( modestly ) more effective sister regulatory agencies .
The Fed ’s failed leadership is setting us up for repeated , more severe financial crises .
Dr. Parkinson as Anti-Regulator
This essay focuses on Chairman Bernanke recent appointment of Dr. Parkinson to lead the Fed ’s examination and supervision .
My central point is that Dr. Bernanke appointed Dr. Parkinson because he shared Dr. Bernanke ’s anti-regulatory ideology and has never changed those views , even in the face of the Great Recession .
The anti-regulator policies that Bernanke and Parkinson championed were the principal drivers of the fraud epidemic that have produced recurrent , intensifying crises .
Bernanke ’s appointment as the Fed ’s top supervisor of an individual that had no experience in regulation , in the midst of the greatest crisis of our lifetime , is irresponsible and dangerous on its face .
No ideology has proven more disabling in this crisis than neoclassical economics .
Dr. Parkinson is a neoclassical economist .
The “ skills ” an economist would purportedly bring to supervision have proven to be disabilities in identifying and understanding fraud and risk .
We need not rely on generalities — Dr. Parkinson has a record relevant to supervision that we can evaluate .
The most revealing aspects of that record fall into three categories .
First , Dr. Parkinson was a leading proponent of the obscene ( and successful ) effort to prevent Commodity Futures Trading Commission Chair Brooksley Born from taking regulatory action to prevent destructive credit default swaps ( CDS ) .
Second , Dr. Parkinson , like Greenspan and Bernanke , subscribed to the naïve view that fraud was impossible in sophisticated financial markets and that credit rating agencies were reliable .
Third , Dr. Parkinson endorsed the international “ competition in regulatory laxity ” that Dr. Bernanke ( belatedly ) warned has degraded regulation on a global basis .
Here are the key passages from Dr. Parkinson ’s congressional testimony :
Professional counterparties to privately negotiated contracts also have demonstrated their ability to protect themselves from losses from counterparty insolvencies and from fraud .
In particular , they have insisted that dealers have financial strength sufficient to warrant a credit rating of A or higher .
This , in turn , provides substantial protection against losses from fraud .
If this opportunity is lost , the Board is concerned that market participants will abandon hope for regulatory reform in the United States and take critical steps to shift their activity to jurisdictions that provide more appropriate legal and regulatory frameworks .
The “ opportunity ” Dr. Parkinson feared would be “ lost ” was to remove the CFTC ’s ability to regulate CDS .
Anti-regulation would “ win ” the international competition in laxity .
His policies made possible the catastrophe that is AIG .
Dr. Bernanke is aware of Dr. Parkinson ’s record of anti-regulatory failure .
He chose Dr. Parkinson because of that record in order to ensure that the Fed would not take regulatory actions that would upset the biggest banks , particularly the systemically dangerous institutions ( SDIs ) that are the real governors of the Fed ’s anti-regulatory policies .
Project Natal knows when you 're holding your hand behind your back , according to a new report .
But it also might require enough horsepower to limit its relevance to system - pushing video games .
Advertisement
A reporter for the New Scientist was given a demonstration and some data regarding how Microsoft 's hands - free sensor - based Xbox 360 control system , Project Natal , will work :
[ Project Natal lead developer Alex Kipman ] says Natal consumes just 10 to 15 per cent of the Xbox 's computing resources and it can recognise any pose in just 10 milliseconds .
It needs only 160 milliseconds to latch on to the body shape of a new user stepping in front of it .
The system locates body parts to within a 4 - centimetre cube , says Kipman .
That 's far less precise than lab - based systems or the millimetre precision of Hollywood motion capture .
But Douglas Lanman , who works on markerless 3D interaction at Brown University in Providence , Rhode Island , and is not involved with Natal , says that this will likely be accurate enough for gamers .
Advertisement
The system depends on a " 50 - megabyte software package that can recognise 31 different body parts in any video frame , " and will know , according to Kipman , if you put your hand behind your back .
At E3 2009 , Project Natal was announced as a device that would run off of its own processor and was shown to work with highly - detailed , blazingly - fast racing game Burnout : Paradise .
Rumors that Natal no longer has its own processor coupled with this report that Natal needs 10 - 15 % of the 360's juice , raise questions about where a game that was made to push the 360 to its limits without Natal would be able to support the Natal peripheral .
That would seemingly diminish the ability to connect Natal to the highest - end games , though that 's speculation we 'd need professional game developers to weigh in on .
Only they know how much Xbox 360 horsepower their games require .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The report makes no mention of the Natal using its own processor , an element it was recently rumored has been dropped and would explain why the Natal is now drawing on the 360's processor .
Advertisement
Supporting that theory of a removed processor are changes made to Microsoft 's official Natal fact sheet since E3 .
E3 2009 :
" Project Natal " sensor .
" Project Natal " is the world 's first system to combine an RGB camera , depth sensor , multiarray microphone and custom processor running proprietary software that brings " Project Natal " experiences to every Xbox 360 console .
The " Project Natal " sensor tracks full - body movement and individual voices , creating controller - free fun and social entertainment available only on Xbox 360 .
Advertisement
CES 2010 :
" Project Natal " sensor .
" Project Natal " combines an RGB camera , depth sensor and multiarray microphone running proprietary software that brings " Project Natal " experiences to every Xbox 360 console .
The " Project Natal " sensor tracks full - body movement and individual voices , turning you into the controller for social entertainment available only on Xbox 360 .
Advertisement
Microsoft 's body - sensing , button - busting controller [ New Scientist via TechRadar ]
As children grow older , they become more selective in their helpfulness .
Starting around age 3 , they will share more generously with a child who was previously nice to them .
Another behavior that emerges at the same age is a sense of social norms .
“ Most social norms are about being nice to other people , ” Dr. Tomasello said in an interview , “ so children learn social norms because they want to be part of the group . ”
Children not only feel they should obey these rules themselves , but also that they should make others in the group do the same .
Even 3 - year - olds are willing to enforce social norms .
If they are shown how to play a game , and a puppet then joins in with its own idea of the rules , the children will object , some of them vociferously .
Where do they get this idea of group rules , the sense of “ we who do it this way ” ?
Dr. Tomasello believes children develop what he calls “ shared intentionality , ” a notion of what others expect to happen and hence a sense of a group “ we . ”
It is from this shared intentionality that children derive their sense of norms and of expecting others to obey them .
Shared intentionality , in Dr. Tomasello ’s view , is close to the essence of what distinguishes people from chimpanzees .
A group of human children will use all kinds of words and gestures to form goals and coordinate activities , but young chimps seem to have little interest in what may be their companions ’ minds .
If children are naturally helpful and sociable , what system of child - rearing best takes advantage of this surprising propensity ?
Dr. Tomasello says that the approach known as inductive parenting works best because it reinforces the child ’s natural propensity to cooperate with others .
Inductive parenting is simply communicating with children about the effect of their actions on others and emphasizing the logic of social cooperation .
“ Children are altruistic by nature , ” he writes , and though they are also naturally selfish , all parents need do is try to tip the balance toward social behavior .
Image Credit ... Sylvio Tuepke
The shared intentionality lies at the basis of human society , Dr. Tomasello argues .
From it flow ideas of norms , of punishing those who violate the norms and of shame and guilt for punishing oneself .
Shared intentionality evolved very early in the human lineage , he believes , and its probable purpose was for cooperation in gathering food .
Anthropologists report that when men cooperate in hunting , they can take down large game , which single hunters generally cannot do .
Chimpanzees gather to hunt colobus monkeys , but Dr. Tomasello argues this is far less of a cooperative endeavor because the participants act on an ad hoc basis and do not really share their catch .
The case for Ben Bernanke ’s reappointment was weak to start with , weakened with his hearings , and is now held together by string and some phone calls from the White House .
Bernanke is an airline pilot who pulled off a miraculous landing , but did n’t do his preflight checks and does n’t show any sign of being more careful in the future – thank him if you want , but why would you fly with him again ( or the airline that keeps him on ) ?
The support for Bernanke in the Senate hangs by a thread – with Harry Reid providing a message of support , albeit lukewarm , after the markets close .
The White House is telling people that if Bernanke is not reconfirmed there will be chaos in the markets and the economic recovery will be derailed .
This is incorrect .
The danger here is uncertainty – the markets fear a prolonged policy vacuum .
Fortunately , there is a way to address this .
Ben Bernanke should withdraw and the president should nominate Paul Krugman to take his place .
Paul Krugman is an expert on monetary policy – he wrote the classic paper on balance of payments crises ( and probably could have got the Nobel Prize just for that ) , his work on Japan in the 1990s shaped everyone ’s thinking of how to handle potential deflation , and his assessment of the crisis and needed response in fall 2008 was right on the money .
Krugman is known to many academics as a trade theorist and as a pioneering modeler of growth with increasing returns .
But just because Keynes wrote eloquently on Indian currency reform did not prevent him from also understanding what had gone wrong with the world economy – and how to substantially fix it .
Krugman also has exactly the paper trail that you would like to see from any potential Fed chair .
He has written pointedly and with complete clarity about all the leading policy issues of the day .
There is no question where he stands , for example , on “ too big to fail ” financial institutions : he ’s opposed and would push for fundamental financial reform and tough oversight .
Big banks , without doubt , would be appalled .
But the “ Greenspan fallacy ” was always that no one else could do his job and even considering an alternative would be destabilizing .
Look at the mess that got us into .
What the markets really care about is what the Fed does , with regard to both interest rates and regulation .
What we need is a Fed chair who can be trusted to nuture the recovery – find me the business person who is opposed to that – without allowing too big to fail institutions to remain so big and so dangerous that they can destabilize the system .
And do n’t think that Krugman ca n’t raise interest rates if he really sees inflation coming – even if the danger , for example , is not picked up by conventional measures .
He is tough minded , not afraid to take stands long before they are fashionable , and confident that others will soon come to their senses .
Would he be a “ populist ” choice ?
Absolutely not .
He would be a popular choice , no doubt , but he is also many technocrats ’ favorite thinker and a person whose credentials and proven policy opinions speak for themselves .
No one would question the independence of the Fed with him at the helm .
Would Krugman be opposed by the Republicans ?
Yes , potentially .
And there could be quite a fight in the Senate – entirely of the Republicans making .
But if they oppose his appointment – despite his qualifications and in the face of our weak economy – what signal would that send about their priorities ?
The president said on Thursday he is ( finally ) willing to fight the big banks .
He ’s an effective fighter and , with enough support , he can win .
But is any part of his agenda at this point really advanced by winning the reappointment of Ben Bernanke ?
By Simon Johnson
The first day of CES for OverclockersClub was more of a " get to know you " day for those of us who had only spoken via the modern miracles of the Internet or phone , and a rekindling of the relationships for those who were here in years past .
Those attending this year are :
We started the day / afternoon ( do n’t ask why ) with a hearty breakfast .
Then it was off for an afternoon / evening of gaming and just generally having a great time before the action started with the kick - off party for CES , sponsored by Patriot Memory and Gigabyte .
Here we have a few of the games we enjoyed .
This was not about winning or losing , it was about having a good time .
However , several of us did win prizes .
Of course , there was some fierce competition on the air hockey table !
Patriot showed its memory line - up that features its Viper and Viper II Series products .
Following up that , you have the Valkyrie NAS box , the Patriot Box Office media player and the Gear Box mini NAS .
Patriot also showed off its SSD line - up , which includes the new Inferno drives .
Flash memory is also something that Patriot is marketing , including its Bolt and Magnum thumb drives .
Last , but not least , we had a great view of the Las Vegas skyline !
Stay tuned for more coverage from CES !
Microsoft has already released versions 7 and 8 of Internet Explorer Google has begun to phase out support for Internet Explorer 6 , the browser identified as the weak link in a cyber attack on the search engine .
The firm said from 1 March some of its services , such as Google Docs , would not work " properly " with the browser .
It recommended individuals and firms upgrade " as soon as possible " .
Google threatened to withdraw from the Chinese market following the " sophisticated and targeted " attacks , which it said originated in China .
Hackers used a flaw in Microsoft 's Internet Explorer ( IE ) browser to target the Gmail accounts of Chinese human rights activists .
' Key functionality ' Following Google 's revelations , the French and German governments advised their citizens to switch to a different browser until the hole had been closed .
Microsoft reacted by quickly updating the browser , nearly three weeks ahead of its regular security update .
However , Google has now said it is going to phase out support for the browser " starting with Google Docs and Google Sites " .
It said that as a result , some " key functionality " of the applications would not work when used with IE6 .
Google Docs is the firm 's answer to products such as Microsoft Office , whilst Google Sites allows people to create web pages .
" The web has evolved in the last ten years , from simple text pages to rich , interactive applications including video and voice , " wrote Google 's Rajen Sheth in a blog post .
" Unfortunately , very old browsers cannot run many of these new features effectively . "
Threat downplayed Microsoft has released two more versions of its web browser since IE6 , but around 20 % of web users still use the nine - year old browser , including many UK government departments .
But many developers want to see the browser phased out as soon as possible .
The online campaign ie6nomore , supported by more than 70 web firms , says that because the browser does not support modern web standards it restricts what developers can do and is " holding the web back " .
Microsoft has said that it will support the browser until 2014 .
Microsoft has released a fix for Internet Explorer and recommended that customers install the update as soon as possible or update to the latest version of the web browser for " improved security " .
Microsoft normally issues patches monthly but the high - profile nature of the attacks led it to act more quickly .
Market share
The UK government played down the threat and said there was " no evidence that moving from the latest fully patched versions of Internet Explorer to other browsers will make users more secure " .
However , Microsoft took the unusual step of patching the hole nearly three weeks ahead of its regular security update .
The new patch is available via the Microsoft Update site and will also be fed out to those who have their machines set to update automatically .
All versions of Internet Explorer will receive the update .
Microsoft has admitted that it has known about the vulnerability " since early September " 2009 and had planned to patch it in February .
The bad publicity has allowed rivals such as Firefox to gain market share .
According to web analytics company StatCounter , Firefox is now a close second to Internet Explorer ( IE ) in Europe , with 40 % of the market compared to Microsoft 's 45 % share .
In some markets , including Germany and Austria , Firefox has overtaken IE , the firm said .
Mozilla , the foundation behind Firefox , has just released the latest version ( 3.6 ) of the open - source browser .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
What is the Movement for a Democratic Mixed Economy ?
' Movement for a Democratic Mixed Economy ' are a network of progressives in dialogue with each other – working to contest the dominant economic paradigm – and to promote an alternative which is democratic ; involving mixed forms of ownership .
We believe there is a substantial role for the public sector .
We accommodate many positions ranging from the restoration of a “ traditional social democratic ” model of the ‘ mixed economy ’ ( inspired by the ‘ Keynesian Golden Age ’ ) – to more radical positions envisaging extensive public and democratic ownership and control .
We also believe strongly in promoting democratic forms of non-state ownership – co-operativist , mutualist , collective capital formation , participatory economic ( PARECON ) models ...
We believe there is a place for co-operation and competition : planning and markets .
And we support discussion of other economic issues of interest to progressives .
( eg : principles of post - materialism , distributive justice etc )
We aim to provide a forum for both radical and more mainstream positions – with a shared objective of challenging the ‘ common sense ’ of neo-liberalism .
We endeavour to establish the ‘ democratic mixed economy ’ as ‘ common sense ’ – and to refashion and contest the relative political and economic ‘ centre ’ .
And though our positions are many and varied – we endeavour to support each other – that all our voices are heard in an inclusive and rational exchange of views .
Again : we support both radical and relatively moderate interpretation of the ‘ democratic mixed economy ’ .
We do not , however , include perspectives which are authoritarian : which deny our liberal human rights .
We seek to include socialists , social democrats , liberals , Greens and libertarian leftists – co-operating and in dialogue with each other .
Finally :
We are seriously in the business of promoting social change .
To begin we need to build our Facebook Group as an extensive network .
see :
http://www.facebook.com/inbox/?ref=mb#/group.php?gid=152326549326
But once we are in dialogue with each other – hopefully we will provide a real forum for members to organise and co-operate in pursuit of real social change .
This blog is the beginning of this effort !
If you are sympathetic with these principles and objectives PLEASE JOIN - and regularly check this blog for new content !
Tristan Vaughan Ewins ( Movement for a Democratic Mixed Economy Moderator )
Pfc. Jeffery Meier , who struggled with post - traumatic stress disorder and drug addiction after two deployments to Iraq , got an appointment in August to see a psychiatrist at Fort Carson , Colo .
But when he arrived for his first session , he was asked to sign a waiver explaining that under certain circumstances , including if he admitted violating military laws , his conversations with his therapist might not be kept confidential .
He refused to sign .
Private Meier , who is seeking a medical discharge from the Army , was given counseling anyway .
But he says he never opened up to his therapist , fearing that actions taken in the heat of battle might be disclosed to prosecutors .
“ How can you go and talk about wartime problems when you feel that if you mention anything wrong , you ’re going to be prosecuted ? ” he said in an interview .
He is not alone in his wariness .
Many soldiers , lawyers and mental health workers say that the rules governing confidentiality of psychotherapist - patient relations in the military are porous .
The rules breed suspicion among troops toward therapists , those people say , reducing the effectiveness of treatment and complicating the Pentagon ’s efforts to encourage personnel to seek care .
Islam4UK has been pilloried and banned For many the plan to have a demonstration by an Islamist group attacking the actions of soldiers in Wootton Bassett , where the bodies of servicemen are received , is offensive and should be stopped .
But should there be a level of protection for soldiers that trumps freedom of speech , asks moral philosopher David Rodin .
Many people believe that the invasion of Iraq was unjust and a growing number question the legitimacy of the war in Afghanistan , yet many of those same people passionately hold that those who served in those wars should be honoured as heroes .
The controversy over Islam4UK 's criticism of British soldiers in their aborted Wootton Bassett march challenges us to consider whether these two views are really coherent .
Just because soldiers have legal impunity does not mean they should be exempt from moral evaluation
Islam4UK banned Islamist group plans march Going to war without sufficient reason is a terrible crime because it involves killing and maiming people - both civilians and soldiers - who have done nothing to deserve this .
That is why debates over the justice and legality of war are among the most important any democracy can have .
We have no problem criticising particular wars , or governments that declare them .
Yet when it comes to serving soldiers , there is an extraordinary taboo against criticism .
This is peculiar because the guns and bombs that kill in an unjust war are not fired by politicians , but by soldiers .
Why should they escape responsibility or criticism for their actions ?
In one sense , this reluctance is entirely understandable .
Soldiers undertake great hardships and make extraordinary sacrifices in our names and for our benefit .
In the overwhelming majority of cases , they serve with honour , courage and in good faith .
It is natural that we feel deep emotions of respect and gratitude for these men and women , especially for those who are injured or killed .
And yet if the war itself is unjust - as many people believe of the invasion of Iraq , and a smaller number believe of Afghanistan - then those soldiers have participated in the killing of people for no good reason .
Ordinarily we would take such action as an occasion for critical reflection , not veneration .
Of course even if these wars are not just , ordinary soldiers may have a good excuse for participating .
A soldier 's access to information is limited , and arguably he should be entitled to rely on the judgement of his government and its legal advisers .
Wootton Bassett has become a focal point for grief over soldiers Besides , soldiers exist within a powerful chain of command and do n't get a choice as to which wars they fight .
In a sense they act under duress .
Yet these considerations go only so far .
Individual freedom of action is greater in a professional army like the British Army than in a conscript army , and the internet has brought considerable access to information , commentary and debate , even in the field .
For many British people , one of the tragedies of the Blair government 's action prior to the Iraq war is that it has eroded our sense that the government can be trusted to make decisions over war soundly and on proper grounds .
It is true that soldiers break no law by participating in an illegal campaign .
International law states that as long as soldiers follow the rules on the conduct of war , they do not act unlawfully by participating in an illegal war .
But just because soldiers have legal impunity does not mean they should be exempt from moral evaluation .
Ideally we should have the opportunity for serious and sensitive reflection , both in public and private , on what it means morally for a soldier to fight in an unjust war .
Such reflection might cause us to reconsider provisions for selective conscientious objection in the forces , and assist servicemen in coming to terms with the burden of killing in wars of ambiguous legitimacy .
Does this mean that Islam4UK were justified in their proposed march through Wootton Bassett ?
Not at all .
Many will judge their motives as disreputable , and their proposed actions designed to cause maximum offence , not least to the bereaved families of deceased servicemen .
A group that praised the 11 September attacks and mocks the basic liberties of our democracy , can hardly claim to be engaging in an honest and constructive debate on the moral responsibility of serving soldiers .
But the manifest defects of the messenger , should n't blind us to the possibility of a kernel of truth in the message .
David Rodin is co-director the Oxford Institute for Ethics , Law and Armed Conflict
Add your comments on this story , using the form below .
Although I disagree with those who direct criticism and allegations at soldiers , I think that it is necessary for freedom of speech that they should be allowed to do so .
It seems very strange that the government apparently believe it is acceptable for soldiers to face bullets and bombs , but not verbal abuse .
Dominic Houghton , Northampton , England
With the enormous amount of effort going into the discrimination laws , there can never be freedom of speech .
For one group of people to complain against service personnel , sent by their governments , that same group would complain if anyone spoke against them for doing what they believe .
Peter , Canada David Rodin neglects the most basic reason why soldiers should be exempt from criticism .
Whilst he tries to make a distinction between conscript and professional armies , the fact is that once a soldier is serving he must obey lawful orders , and not doing so is itself unlawful .
As an ethicist he should appreciate that it is unfair to criticise someone for doing what the law says he must .
Living in a democracy we have the means to change the law if we disagree with it .
Change the law so that soldiers can decide individually where , when and how to serve and then criticism would be fair .
Responsibility for the law lies with voters and politicians , not with soldiers .
In any event , using Wootton Bassett and by association soldiers who are dead , to make a political point is simply abhorrent .
Steven Palmer , London , England Surely soldiers are given their duties and have to do what they are told , who are we to criticize them for a mistake made higher up ?
Andy Welsher , Bath , UK
My immediate , emotional response to Islam4UK was that of many , " This is disgraceful and should be stopped . "
But even a little thought added in the comment , " so what other expressions of dissent are you going to ban , because they distress someone ? "
Should we ban all criticism of anyone who died recently because it would distress grieving relatives ?
Hardly .
Or what about banning all demonstrations that might distress a government in difficulties ?
Absolutely not !
We think that demonstrations are one legitimate way to harry obdurate governments , or to make people think about the way society as a whole works .
Perhaps in the end we have to tolerate inconvenience and even distress , if the alternative is shutting down freedom of speech and freedom to protest .
All the same , I think I would ban it at funerals and repatriation ceremonies .
Philippa Suton , Newcastle I hate to say this but I feel people do have the right to criticise soldiers .
This may be an illegal war and that in itself gives the right to protest .
The wider point is that despite my abhorrence of their comments they have a fundamental right to say what they think .
To stop them is to betray the values we are supposed to stand for .
David Lightowler , Gravesend A very welcome reflective piece .
It is heartening to see someone brave enough to bring this up .
I believe that regardless of how advanced we claim ourselves to have become , we are still very tribal , and our tribal ' patriotism ' and allegiances still get in the way of what we believe to be right .
Seeing it objectively , if a soldier is fighting ( the more accurate description for the PC term ' serving ' ) in an illegal war , occupying another 's land and killing and imprisoning its people , then he is to be condemned and criticised for that .
Moral obligations are not removed simply because one has a job to do , and if we were on the receiving end of an illegal occupying force imprisoning and killing our families and friends , we would not excuse them on this basis at all .
But people will be afraid to go against the tribal ' patriotism ' of the majority for fear of the consequences of breaking such a major convention , even if it is wrong .
But we pride ourselves in ' freedom of speech and thought ' , and we pride ourselves in being champions of justice and liberty , so let us be honest about this matter and stop playing hide and seek .
Daniel , London , England Many years ago , Caroline Stephens , the great British Quakeress , wrote about the choices we make in life .
She believed , as I a modern Quaker , that everyone takes different paths .
These brave young men and women made the decision that they could best serve their country and their people by placing their lives on the line .
They do not have the luxury of considering the validity of the war .
When they return , I assure you they are emotionally and psychologically torn over their war experiences .
They do not need civilians making them feel guilty .
We all owe a debt that can never be fully paid .
Free speech is one thing .
However , I would hope that good sense and a modicum of decency will prevail .
Shelia Bumgarner , Charlotte , North Carolina
It is always great to see an armchair evaluation of the situation , one of the many joys of living in a free society .
However the case is simple when you join the army and your country goes to war so do you regardless of whether it is against global terrorisms or the Teletubbies .
The chain of command issues orders and you carry them out .
Life on the streets of England is very different and I feel people often struggle to understand the fact you do n't have a choice , of course some people will take the view that you always have a choice .
How wonderful their lives must be !
How about the view that if you vote for a government and that government forces the country in to an illegal war you are an equal party in that war and must take responsibility for your vote .
The main point to remember when discussing the morals of a soldier 's participation in any war is that their sacrifices enable us to have the freedoms to question them .
And therefore they should never be questioned past the matter of whether they stay inside their rules of engagement .
Chris Kenny , London Soldiers have access to information and could form an opinion on the rightness of a particular military action but I doubt they are encouraged to express that opinion .
Most are recruited too young to have developed any critical thinking abilities .
And once in , there is no dignified way out ( I believe ) .
The modern soldier is tied to the Army by a ' mutual obligation , [...] an unbreakable common bond of identity , loyalty and responsibility ' .
The option to opt in / out of moral / immoral military actions is not given .
Teea , London Name
Your e-mail address
Town / city and country
Your comment
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
" We have no Eton to create the self - consciousness of a governing class , " the American writer F. Scott Fitzgerald lamented 90 years ago as he compared the talented rulers of the British Empire with the mediocrities who then ran the United States .
This week , in Manchester , there are Tories quietly wishing that Britain had no Eton either .
The polls are telling them that although the voters are sick of the Labour Government , they are not convinced that they want the Conservatives back .
The Tories are not quite sure why the public has not learned to love them yet , but they wonder if class could prove to be their weakness .
In David Cameron they have their poshest leader since Sir Alec Douglas - Home led them to defeat in 1964 .
The question of class has dogged the Conservative leader all week since he was asked by Andrew Marr on Sunday morning whether it was true that he and his wife Samantha have a combined wealth of £ 30 m .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Cameron 's reply was predictably uninformative .
" House prices change all the time .
Our main asset is the house that we own in London , " he said .
He also confessed to being " desperately embarrassed " about a celebrated photograph taken when he was 19 , showing he and Boris Johnson as members of Oxford University 's elite Bullingdon Club .
The tailcoats in which the young men were dressed cost £ 1,200 back in the mid-1980s .
When Samantha Cameron first entered the public eye , she too seemed embarrassed about her wealthy background .
She claimed that she was brought up " near Scunthorpe " .
This was true , in a way .
Her father , Sir Reginald Sheffield , owned Normandy Hall , a stately home set in 300 acres of north Lincolnshire countryside , and could trace his ancestors back 700 years .
Samantha Sheffield 's mother later married Viscount Astor , an Old - Etonian Tory peer who helped David Cameron in the early stages of his career .
Lady Astor is co-owner of Oka , the upmarket mail - order furniture business .
Tonight , satellite television viewers will be treated to When Boris Met Dave , a fictionalised account of the adolescent years of Johnson and Cameron , set in the Brideshead Revisited world of Oxford University in the period just after Margaret Thatcher had crushed the unions , deregulated the City and allowed privileged young people to feel relaxed about their wealth .
Party spokesmen say they are not worried about this reminder of the silver - spoon beginnings of their two best - known public faces .
" Everybody knows what their background is , " a spokesman said yesterday .
" David has never tried to hide it : he is obviously from a wealthy background .
People will remember that Tony Blair was from a wealthy background , too .
That did not affect Labour politically . "
Tories also point out that the Labour Party tried this line of attack at the by -election in Crewe and Nantwich in May last year , when they branded the Conservative candidate , Edward Timpson , whose great - great - grandfather founded the Timpson shoe chain , a " Tory toff " .
The voters were not impressed , and Labour lost heavily .
Privately , members of the Shadow Cabinet admit that the class issue could flare up in a general election with more serious consequences for the Conservatives .
The result in Crewe was the local electors ' verdict on Gordon Brown and the Labour Government rather than a positive vote for Mr Timpson .
In a general election , people might look more closely at the sort of people who are lining up for ministerial posts .
They will find yet more Old - Etonians including Oliver Letwin , who heads the Conservative research department , Sir George Young , a hereditary baronet recently brought back into front - line politics as Shadow leader of the Commons , and David Cameron 's trusted chief of staff , Ed Llewellyn .
Cameron 's closest political ally , George Osborne , is another product of inherited wealth and a private education ( at St Pauls in south - west London , the same school as the Shadow Culture minister , Ed Vaizey ) .
Nick Herbert , the Shadow Environment Secretary , went to Haileybury in Herrtfordshire while Michael Gove , the Shadow Schools Secretary , was also at private school for part of his boyhood .
It was with good reason that when David Cameron became leader four years ago , the Tory MP Nicholas Soames , grandson of Sir Winston Churchill , said jubilantly that the " natural order " had been restored .
This does not necessarily mean that they will grind the poor into the dust when they assume power .
History suggests that the opposite is more likely .
The Conservative Party was a gentler organisation when it was run by people who were born to rule , such as Harold Macmillan , than when it was taken over by people who had come up the hard way , like Margaret Thatcher and Norman Tebbit .
Many on the right fear that David Cameron will try to compensate for his background by not being Tory enough .
But for most people , this is a political party which proposes to freeze the pay of public sector employees while making sure that people whose parents own homes worth up to £ 1 m can inherit the lot , free of tax .
The danger for the Conservatives is that voters who can barely stomach the thought of voting Labour again will look at the galaxy of clever ex-public schoolboys running the opposition – and conclude that they are a privileged bunch with no idea of what it is like to live off an ordinary working wage .
:: Geneva G8 stun grenade case due to conclude on Friday :: G8 ( Évian ) | Repression / Knast Themen | Anti-Kapitalismus / Globalisierung AutorIn : posted by PigBrother .info
A six - year fight for justice by photojournalist Guy Smallman will come to a conclusion in the Swiss city of Lausanne on Friday 20 November .
At 9 am the Federal Court will hear Mr Smallman ’s final appeal in the case against the State of Geneva .
Unusually , this will be heard in public .
Guy Smallman 's injured leg , Geneva 2003
An original judgement found in favour of Mr Smallman , but the State of Geneva was successful with an appeal .
Friday ’s ruling will decide on whether that decision will be upheld .
If Mr Smallman wins on Friday , he will be able to claim compensation for his injury .
Should he lose , he would be liable for legal costs .
NUJ General Secretary Jeremy Dear said : “ A journalist was seriously injured by a stun grenade thrown by the police .
Anyone who has seen footage of those events would find it hard to believe that the police were not responsible for his injuries .
He has been fighting for years for justice and we must hope that this is what will be delivered on Friday . ”
Notes
The following website story , dating from November 2008 , includes further details about the case and video of the incident :
http://www.nuj.org.uk/innerPagenuj.html?docid=991
The freelance photographer was seriously injured by a police grenade while covering protests against the G8 in Geneva in 2003 .
An original judgement found in favour of Mr Smallman , but the State of Geneva was successful with an appeal .
Friday ’s ruling will decide on whether that decision will be upheld .
If Mr Smallman wins on Friday , he will be able to claim compensation for his injury .
Should he lose , he would be liable for legal costs .
NUJ General Secretary Jeremy Dear said : “ A journalist was seriously injured by a stun grenade thrown by the police .
Anyone who has seen footage of those events would find it hard to believe that the police were not responsible for his injuries .
He has been fighting for years for justice and we must hope that this is what will be delivered on Friday .
” Notes
The following website story , dating from November 2008 , includes further details about the case and video of the incident : :: 2 Inhaltliche Ergänzungen : > Ergänze diesen Artikel ( .onion )
At long last Mac and Linux users do n't have to feel like second class citizens in Chrome land : they 've got official beta versions of Google 's browser to call their own .
Of course , people have been running the open source Chromium version on both sides of the fence for ages , but beta brings with it a new level of stability and officialness .
Google is also finally launching extensions for Chrome , which is available for the Windows and Linux versions of the browser , and with Mac compatibility on the way .
There are already 300 extensions available , not a bad start , and hopefully a good indication of the sorts of added functionality we 'll be able to stuff into Chrome OS with the help of a seemingly - excited developer community .
[ Thanks to everyone who sent this in ]
Audrey Hepburn 's Givenchy couture collection sold at auction for £ 270,000
Some of the most beautiful and iconic pieces from Audrey Hepburn ’s vast collection of couture and accessories went under the hammer yesterday .
Dating from 1953 to the late 60s , the collection of couture included everything from belts , hats and tweed coats to stunning embellished evening gowns .
It also included a fascinating bundle of letters in which she described an early film break , her proposed wedding to James Hanson and the time she spent filming Roman Holiday .
Givenchy haute couture :
An opera gown worn by Audrey Hepburn in 1956 film Love in the Afternoon was part of the collection auctioned last night
Its organisers were hoping the unique sale would generate well over £ 100,000 .
In fact , the final total was more than £ 270,000 .
Many of the 36 items that went under the hammer in yesterday ’s auction were in Audrey Hepburn ’s signature colours .
She preferred to wear pastel colours , black and ivory with the occasional hot - pink statement .
Stunning collection : A Givenchy haute couture silk gown ( left ) worn by Hepburn in the 1967 film Two For The Road ; A black lace dress worn by the actress in the 1966 film How to Steal a Million
They were also in her rather tiny size , meaning only the slimmest of bidders would be able to squeeze into them .
The elfin star of Breakfast at Tiffany ’s , Roman Holiday and My Fair Lady was 5ft 7inches tall , bust 32in , waist 22in , hips 34in .
Amongst the rare items up for bids were a number of chic little black dresses by Valentino , stunning evening wear by Elizabeth Arden and beautiful couture pieces by her favourite designer of all : Hubert de Givenchy .
Rare items : A wedding dress ( left ) designed by the Fortuna Sisters for Hepburn 's 1952 wedding to James Hanson ( pictured with the actress , right ) which would later be cancelled
Many of the key pieces on offer were a result of the famed collaboration between the young couturier and his muse .
Fashion icon : A jade green velvet hat worn by Hepburn for a photo shoot in Vogue magazine
He created a black cloqué silk gown for star to wear for the film Paris When it Sizzles in 1962 , which was estimated to fetch £ 15,000 .
It sold for £ 16,800 .
Tanja Star - Busmann , Hepburn ’s friend from the age of 15 , told how the actress would sort through her unwanted clothes and pass them on to her .
' This became something of a fabulous tradition , ' Ms Star - Busmann wrote in the auction catalogue .
' Over the years a cavalcade of boxes filled to the brim with haute - couture evening dresses , divine little cocktail ensembles , easy - to - wear silk supper dresses , sensible tweed coats , chic little day suits and glamorous dressing gowns , often accompanied by wonderful accessories , arrived at my door .
' Unpacking them was always like Christmas a thousand times over . '
A sensational Chantilly lace cocktail gown worn by the actress in How to Steal a Million in 1966 formed the centerpiece of the collection and was estimated to fetch £ 20,000 .
It was the most memorable part of the Ritz bar scene in the film .
In fact , it went for more than twice that at £ 60,000 .
A stunning ivory satin bridal gown created for the proposed marriage of Audrey to James , later Lord , Hanson , also went under the hammer yesterday .
Historic : A Mark Cross red and white striped top worn by the actress in the 1957 film War and Peace
It was created by the Fontana Sisters in 1952 when she was just 23 and filming Roman Holiday with Gregory Peck in Rome .
Channelling Audrey : Anna Friel with long - term partner David Thewlis last week , days before she was seen cosying up to co-star Joseph Cross
When she called off the marriage some weeks later , she asked the designers to find a poor , beautiful girl to give the wedding dress to .
It had been estimated to fetch £ 12,000 , and sold for £ 13,800 .
The sale even included the Elizabeth Arden dress that Hepburn was wearing on the night in 1953 when Gregory Peck introduced her to the actor and director – and her future husband - Mel Ferrer at a cocktail party .
The items were sold by Kerry Taylor auctions at La Galleria , Royal Opera Arcade in Pall Mall , central London , yesterday .
Half of all the money raised at yesterday ’s auction will be donated to The Audrey Hepburn Children 's Fund and Unicef for their joint venture ' All Children in School ' which aims to provide teaching for 115 million children worldwide .
Anna Friel recently took on Hepburn 's most famous role , Holly Golightly , in the play of the classic film Breakfast at Tiffany's .
By lucky coincidence the actress 's long - term boyfriend David Thewlis was spotted at last night 's auction .
An item from Hepburn 's collection of couture would have been an appropriate Christmas gift for Miss Friel , but the Harry Potter star left empty - handed yesterday half - way through the auction .
Nonetheless , it seemed all was forgiven after the actress was pictured getting friendly with young co-star Joseph Cross , 23 , last week .
I spend a lot of time online .
An unhealthy amount , some might say .
I ’d like to say that I ’m typically using the web in productive ways , but that would be a lie .
I spend a ton of time enjoying the web ’s most popular memes such as LolCats , Chad Vader , FAIL Blog , Awkward Family Photos and all the other hilarious , strange and ridiculous thing that make the internet worth using .
Something wonderful and terrifying has happened to bring the creators of all these popular memes together under one roof : ROFLCon , the internet culture convention .
Now in its second year , ROLFCon will be held April 30th – May 1 at MIT , and feature lectures and discussions with the folks that are shaping the culture of the internet .
Registration is open now and will cost most of you $ 65 bucks ( $ 45 for students ) .
More awesome web luminaries than I could possibly list here will be in attendance , but here ’s a sampling of some of the participants :
Also in attendance :
The folks behind phenomena like Dinosaur Comics , Stuff White People Like , Keyboard Cat , This is Why You ’re Fat , David After Dentist , the Three Wolf Moon shirt and many , many more .
If you have no idea who any of these people are , I suggest you visit Know Your Meme ( who will also be in attendance ) .
Source : ROFLCon
You need Flash player 8 + and JavaScript enabled to view this video .
JavaScript Rock Star : Hit Play to start .
A , S , D , F , G for Red , Orange , Yellow , Green , Blue
Score : 0
Unfortunately Google has disabled the video used for this demo so it is no longer playable .
It was fun while it lasted !
There is a very interesting article at Philly.com , featuring Michael Mann and Doug Nychka among others .
Nychka is a statistician who is closely connected with the Hockey Team and was a member of the NAS panel that investigated the Hockey Stick .
Choice quote :
Nychka , who works for the National Center for Atmospheric Research in Boulder , Colo. , said the [ Hockey Stick ] became so controversial because it was misinterpreted as proof that humans cause global warming .
This misinterpretation was of course due to , among others , IPCC WG1 head , Sir John Houghton .
Shishmaref , Alaska ( CNN ) --
When the arctic winds howl and angry waves pummel the shore of this Inupiat Eskimo village , Shelton and Clara Kokeok fear that their house , already at the edge of the Earth , finally may plunge into the gray sea below .
" The land is going away , " said Shelton Kokeok , 65 , whose home is on the tip of a bluff that 's been melting in part because of climate change .
" I think it 's going to vanish one of these days . "
Coastal erosion has been an issue for decades here , but rising global temperatures have started to thaw the permafrost that once helped anchor this village in place .
Sea ice that protects Shishmaref 's coast from erosion melts earlier in the spring and forms later in the fall .
As a result , the increasingly mushy and exposed soil along Shishmaref 's shore is falling into the water in snowmobile - sized chunks .
The crumbling land already toppled one house into the sea .
Thirteen other homes -- nearly all of the Kokeoks ' neighbors -- had to be moved inland .
The land they stood on washed away .
Now the Kokeoks ' wooden residence , which Shelton built by hand 20 years ago , stands alone -- only feet from the edge of this barrier island .
But safety is only one of Shishmaref 's many concerns .
The warming climate and erosion threaten to steal the Kokeoks ' centuries - old culture , their unique language and the viability of their entire village .
They 're not alone .
A dozen Alaskan villages , including Shishmaref , are at some stage of moving because of climate - change - related impacts like coastal erosion and flooding .
Around the world , as many as 150 million people may become " climate refugees " because of global warming , according to an Environmental Justice Foundation report , which attributes some of the moves to rising sea levels .
People in Shishmaref are aware that world leaders will meet next week in Copenhagen , Denmark , to try to hammer out an international treaty on climate change .
Read the CNN special report on an Alaska town " on the brink . "
Most of the talk at the United Nations Climate Change Conference will focus on cutting the industrial world 's emissions of heat - trapping gases , or trying to prevent climate disasters like those already seen here and in other coastal communities .
Three students from Shishmaref will travel to Copenhagen as witnesses to the impact of climate change .
That does n't give Shelton and Clara much comfort .
Many of their neighbors have resigned themselves to having to leave Shishmaref because of the changes .
Not Shelton .
" This is my hometown , " he said .
" I do n't want to go anywhere . "
Shelton is afraid to budge from his perilous location on the front lines of the climate catastrophe .
To move would be to give in , to lose everything .
Already , he 's lost more than he can bear .
Harsh environment
As far as outsiders are concerned , Shishmaref might as well be at the edge of the Earth .
Only 20 miles south of the Arctic Circle and less than 150 miles from Russian Siberia , the village 's geography alone makes it seem uninhabitable .
Its 600 residents endure temperatures that drop to minus 40 degrees Fahrenheit in the winter .
Polar bear sightings are common .
Water is scarce .
There 's no plumbing in most homes ; ice is harvested from lakes in microwave - size blocks and melted in buckets .
No roads connect Shishmaref to the outside world .
It 's a harsh , isolated and dangerous place but one Shelton has learned to love .
Shishmaref 's tundra environment provides everything he needs .
The village island , about a quarter - mile wide in the center , sits between the Chukchi Sea and the wide estuary of the Serpentine River .
That 's prime real estate for hunting and fishing , the main forms of survival and employment in the village .
In the winter , Shishmaref residents hack tiny cylinders of ice out of the estuary to fish for tomcod and smelt .
In the summer , when the sun hangs in the sky almost 24 hours a day , locals harvest cloudberries , which are orange , and blueberries ; caribou and reindeer herds gallop across the vast expanse of inland tundra .
When Shelton was growing up , he looked forward to the springtime hunt for bearded seals , spotted seals and walrus , which took place out on the still - frozen sea .
Dried meats and oils cured from those marine mammals sustained the community year - round , even when other hunts or fishing seasons went poorly .
Shelton 's father taught him to hunt seals .
They rode a dogsled toward an eerily flat horizon , where the thick slate of white sea-ice met an eternal blue sky .
At the edge of the ice , they hunted sea mammals out of the frigid water below .
Shelton has raised his four children in Shishmaref 's unique traditions .
Clara , his wife , still sews seal slippers .
They speak Inupiaq at home .
Dried seal meat , black and crusty , hangs on a wooden rack beside their house .
They keep seal oil in the kitchen .
Their kids grew up eating both .
Norman Charlie , Shelton 's youngest son , learned to chase down seals and fish as soon as he was old enough to handle the arctic elements .
The boy became a fine hunter .
And that pleased Shelton .
On Norman , Shelton hung his hopes for the future .
Forced adaptation
Because of its remote location and live - off - the - land lifestyle , it could appear that Shishmaref has remained the same for centuries , as time passed it by .
That 's not the case .
The village itself is an adaptation to outside influence .
Shishmaref 's people were nomadic , following seals and caribou , until the U.S. Bureau of Indian Affairs built a school on the island in the early 1900s and forced Inupiat children to attend .
Some residents still resent that school ; they say it punished those who spoke Inupiaq and stifled other aspects of the Native culture .
Over the decades , though , the community adjusted to its new stationary existence .
And today , people are attached to this place .
Change also has come from within .
When Shelton was young , Shishmaref was nothing but an outpost of one - room sod houses with no electricity ; some villagers made windows out of " Eskimo plastic , " the translucent intestines of the bearded seal .
It was difficult to import materials from the outside , so people got most of what they needed from the land and the sea .
Today , two stores in Shishmaref sell Cheez - Its , Coke , Tang , ramen noodles and Ruffles , all brought in by plane .
In front of the local school complex , which has new computers and wi-fi Internet , snowmobiles and all - terrain vehicles drop kids off in the morning .
In the past , dogsleds were the main mode of transit .
A sign in a high school class where students learn to make carvings from walrus tusks reminds them to put their iPods away .
The modernization of Shishmaref angers some people , including Shelton .
He worries that Shishmaref 's youth do n't speak Inupiaq as well as they should , and he says people in town are getting fat and lazy in part because soda is available .
He had to wrestle with the fact that younger generations are carrying on village traditions in new ways when Norman decided to move away from the village , to Fairbanks , Alaska , for work .
His son returned to Shishmaref to visit .
He still worked on speaking the local language and tried to carry on his village 's musical traditions by participating in a traditional dancing and drumming group .
And , always , when he was home , he hunted .
But things were changing .
Shishmaref exists in a delicate balance with nature and with its own identity .
And , one morning in June 2007 , that balance tipped for Clara and Shelton .
The storm
Morris Kiyutelluk , a short man in an orange ski jacket , walked to the edge of the sea on a recent day , pointed to the slushy water behind Shelton 's and Clara 's home and said , " That 's where I grew up . "
The land where his house stood has vanished into the ocean .
It was the middle of a stormy night during the winter of 2002 when Shelton and Clara heard the waves slapping the side of their house with a force that vibrated the floors and shook the walls .
Next door , behind their house and even closer to the roiling sea , Morris was rushing to evacuate his family .
By the time his wife and children were out , waves were clawing at the ground underneath his house , to the point that it hung off the edge of the island by four feet , he said .
Neighbors wrapped a rope around the body of the red wooden home and pulled in unison .
They were able to scoot it back just enough to keep it from tipping .
After that storm and a series of others , Morris ' home was among those moved to the other side of the island .
At first he and his wife , Mildred , had a hard time adjusting to their new life on the sheltered side of the island .
They joke that they 're " eastsiders " now , not " west side people , " like they used to be .
Mildred had trouble sleeping in the new location because the soothing sounds of the sea were gone .
But , over time , she 's learned to sleep through the silence .
" Apparently , I got used to it , " she said .
In part because they 've had to relocate once , Morris and Mildred are among many locals pushing for Shishmaref to move off of this tenuous island and onto an uninhabited location away from the sea .
Morris says the changes in Shishmaref -- the melting sea ice , the disappearing seals and polar bears , the crumbling coastline -- are beyond the village 's control .
" We 've got to move .
There 's no question about it , " he said .
" That seawall will stop erosion on this end , but the water will go around it .
My ancestors said it will happen .
It will happen . "
But planning the move has been anything but easy .
The village voted in 2002 to relocate from the island .
Seven years later , it has had little luck finding a suitable location or funding .
A place called Tin Creek , several miles inland , is the most talked - about relocation spot at the moment .
But many of the same problems that plague Shishmaref could be issues there , too .
Tin Creek sits on permafrost , and permafrost melt across Alaska has been accelerating .
The site is further from the sea mammals locals depend on .
And , to make matters worse , Tin Creek may also be situated atop " ice lenses , " thin sheets of underground frozen water that could melt and cause the ground to crater .
Earlier this decade , the people of Shishmaref applied for grants and started a Web site where the public could donate money for the village 's relocation .
Those efforts have n't gotten the village far .
That 's partly because there 's no federal or state government agency ready to pay for the coming wave of " climate refugees , " like those in Shishmaref .
A 2009 Government Accountability Office report found that 31 Alaskan villages face " imminent threats " because of coastal erosion , flooding and climate change .
At least 12 are at some stage in the relocation process .
Moving an entire town is not cheap .
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers estimates that Shishmaref 's relocation , if it happens , will cost up to $ 200 million .
Relocations of other Alaskan villages carry similar estimates .
Who 's to blame is another contentious topic .
Residents of the industrialized world could be considered liable for the climate refugee problem , since they produce the bulk of the greenhouse gas emissions that alter the climate .
Some say the government is responsible .
Others say it 's difficult to prove with absolute certainty that a problem in any single community was caused by climate change because other factors , like land use and natural erosion , could be at play .
The climate refugee problem gets all the more complicated when considered on a global scale .
The Environmental Justice Foundation estimates that unchecked climate change will force 150 million people from their homes by mid-century .
In Shishmaref , when talk of relocation first surfaced , it seemed like the village would be able to adapt , to control its fate .
Lately , it appears the village 's worst fear may come true .
Shelton and others are terrified that Shishmaref may have to merge with an existing town , like Nome or Kotzebue .
Both are less than 100 miles away but worlds apart .
Shishmaref residents say their entire way of life may disappear .
Without access to the sea , they might have to stop hunting .
Their threatened dialect , spoken only in Shishmaref , could fizzle and die .
The village 's celebratory dances , its music , its walrus - ivory carvings and native food recipes , all of it could be flushed off the Earth and into history books .
Over the edge
It was about 5 o'clock on a spring morning two years ago when Shelton got the phone call that changed his life .
His youngest son , Norman Charlie , had gone out duck hunting with a friend .
They 'd traveled by snowmobile across the estuary that separates Shishmaref from the mainland .
In the past , that stretch of water would have been frozen solid on the first week in June , Shelton said .
But that year was warmer than usual .
Shelton waited and waited for his son to come home .
Finally , the phone call came .
The ice cracked .
Norman fell in .
His friend could n't save him .
Shelton blames climate change for taking his son .
" Something went wrong with me the last couple of years , after we lost that boy , " Shelton said .
" I think he 's taken most of my life .
... I lost my baby . "
Dozens of photos of the young man , who was 24 , line Shelton and Clara 's living room .
His grave is on this island .
Tradition
Like the young man who clung to village traditions but whose life was taken by the melting ice , Shishmaref may become a memory .
For Shelton and Clara , solace is hard to come by these days .
She had a heart attack last year .
His knees are giving out .
He 's no longer able to hunt .
The death of their son pushed them over the edge .
Their only relief comes from a native tradition : Scattered around their village and beyond are perhaps a half - dozen children , born since their son died , who are named after Norman .
In Shishmaref , when a child is named after someone who 's gone , that child takes on characteristics of his or her namesake .
Ken Stenek is Shelton 's nephew and the local science teacher .
He and his wife named their youngest boy after Norman .
Norman Charlie was one of Stenek 's favorite students .
He was a respected hunter .
He was trying to learn the Inupiaq language .
He was part of a native dance troupe .
He was carrying Shishmaref 's traditions onward .
Stenek says he 's raising his son to do the same .
At supper time , he grinds up seal meat , a Shishmaref staple , and feeds it to his 7 - month - old .
Baby Norman loves it .
PDF exporting is now implemented for random and published grids .
If you click on the wee printer icon underneath the grid ( it'll show up when you hover your mouse over the grid ) , it should give you the option to download a PDF version of the grid .
I 've added a dictionary search which will hopefully become a collaborative dictionary editor .
Also , there 's a changelog with some pretty graphs so that you can monitor when I 'm productive .
I 've added some sketchily working features to my testing area .
Currently there 's a .PUZ file player , something that generates crosswords from uploaded books , and a picture - based crossword whose clues are inscrutable to the point of uselessness .
I updated the Minion library to 0.10 , apparently this version 's a bit more efficient with memory , so I 'll keep an eye on my server stats .
j Query 's updated to 1.4.2 , so that might improve performance a little bit .
Also , I made a change to the javascript on the crossword playing page so that it'll stop skipping cells when more than one key is depressed simultaneously .
Hopefully that does n't make everything explode .
I do n't think it will !
Got back control of my old domain name at cruciverbalizer.com , so that should be way easier to remember .
Hooray , etc !
This here 's the prototype for a crossword generating and building site .
It uses wordnet 's extensive database of terms and a heap of hacky scripts .
Currently it can :
generate simple and obscure crosswords assist in creating crossword puzzles , which can be saved and published ; you ‘ll need a login to save your creations
On all of the random grids , the clues are simply wordnet 's dictionary definitions with the terms edited out .
Random grids are generated on - the - fly and owe a heavy debt to the MINION CSP solver .
User - Generated Crosswords
by marya
by marya
by isabel_archer
by matt755811
by matt755811
by matt755811
by brittannica Be Kind , Rewind ( Sweded edition ! )
by brittannica Stop Making Sense
< Previous | Next > 1 - 8of 17
Viewpoints What Should We Teach New Software Developers ?
Why ?
Computer science must be at the center of software systems development .
If it is not , we must rely on individual experience and rules of thumb , ending up with less capable , less reliable systems , developed and maintained at unnecessarily high cost .
We need changes in education to allow for improvements of industrial practice .
Back to Top
The Problem
In many places , there is a disconnect between computer science education and what industry needs .
Consider the following exchange :
Famous CS professor ( proudly ) : " We do n't teach programming ; we teach computer science . "
Industrial manager : " They can't program their way out of a paper bag . "
In many cases , they are both right , and not just at a superficial level .
It is not the job of academia just to teach run -of - the - mill programmers and the needs of industry are not just for " well - rounded high - level thinkers " and " scientists . "
Another CS professor : " I never code . "
Another industrial manager : " We do n't hire CS graduates ; it 's easier to teach a physicist to program than to teach a CS graduate physics . "
Both have a point , but in an ideal world , both would be fundamentally misguided .
The professor is wrong in that you can't teach what you do n't practice ( and in many cases , never have practiced ) and therefore do n't understand , whereas the industrial manager is right only when the requirements for software quality are set so absurdly low that physicists ( and others untrained in CS ) can cope .
Obviously , I 'm not referring to physicists who have devoted significant effort to also master computer sciencesuch combinations of skills are among my ideals .
CS professor ( about a student ) : " He accepted a job in industry . "
Another CS professor : " Sad ; he showed so much promise . "
This disconnect is at the root of many problems and complicates attempts to remedy them .
Industry wants computer science graduates to build software ( at least initially in their careers ) .
That software is often part of a long - lived code base and used for embedded or distributed systems with high reliability requirements .
However , many graduates have essentially no education or training in software development outside their hobbyist activities .
In particular , most see programming as a minimal effort to complete homework and rarely take a broader view that includes systematic testing , maintenance , documentation , and the use of their code by others .
Also , many students fail to connect what they learn in one class to what they learn in another .
Thus , we often see students with high grades in algorithms , data structures , and software engineering who nevertheless hack solutions in an operating systems class with total disregard for data structures , algorithms , and the structure of the software .
The result is a poorly performing unmaintainable mess .
For many , " programming " has become a strange combination of unprincipled hacking and invoking other people 's libraries ( with only the vaguest idea of what 's going on ) .
The notions of " maintenance " and " code quality " are typically forgotten or poorly understood .
In industry , complaints about the difficulty of finding graduates who understand " systems " and " can architect software " are common and reflect reality .
Back to Top
But my Computer Has n't Crashed Lately
Complaining about software is a popular pastime , but much software has become better over the last decade , exactly as it improved in previous decades .
Unfortunately , the improvements have come at tremendous cost in terms of human effort and computer resources .
Basically , we have learned how to build reasonably reliable systems out of unreliable parts by adding endless layers of runtime checks and massive testing .
The structure of the code itself has sometimes changed , but not always for the better .
Often , the many layers of software and the intricate dependencies common in designs prevent an individualhowever competentfrom fully understanding a system .
This bodes ill for the future : we do not understand and cannot even measure critical aspects of our systems .
There are of course system builders who have resisted the pressures to build bloated , ill - understood systems .
We can thank them when our computerized planes do n't crash , our phones work , and our mail arrives on time .
They deserve praise for their efforts to make software development a mature and trustworthy set of principles , tools , and techniques .
Unfortunately , they are a minority and bloatware dominates most people 's impression and thinking .
Similarly , there are educators who have fought the separation of theory and industrial practice .
They too deserve praise and active support .
In fact , every educational institution I know of has programs aimed at providing practical experience and some professors have devoted their lives to making successes of particular programs .
However , looking at the larger picture , I 'm unimpresseda couple of projects or internships are a good start , but not a substitute for a comprehensive approach to a balanced curriculum .
Preferring the labels " software engineering " or " IT " over " CS " may indicate differences in perspective , but problems have a nasty way of reemerging in slightly different guises after a move to a new setting .
My characterizations of " industry " and " academia " border on caricature , but I 'm confident that anyone with a bit of experience will recognize parts of reality reflected in them .
My perspective is that of an industrial researcher and manager ( 24 years at AT&T Bell Labs , seven of those as department head ) who has now spent six years in academia ( in a CS department of an engineering school ) .
I travel a lot , having serious discussions with technical and managerial people from several dozen ( mostly U.S. ) companies every year .
I see the mismatch between what universities produce and what industry needs as a threat to both the viability of CS and to the computing industry .
Many organizations that rely critically on computing have become dangerously low on technical skills .
Back to Top
The Academia / Industry Gap
So what can we do ?
Industry would prefer to hire " developers " fully trained in the latest tools and techniques whereas academia 's greatest ambition is to produce more and better professors .
To make progress , these ideals must become better aligned .
Graduates going to industry must have a good grasp of software development and industry must develop much better mechanisms for absorbing new ideas , tools , and techniques .
Inserting a good developer into a culture designed to prevent semi-skilled programmers from doing harm is pointless because the new developer will be constrained from doing anything significantly new and better .
Let me point to the issue of scale .
Many industrial systems consist of millions of lines of code , whereas a student can graduate with honors from top CS programs without ever writing a program larger than 1,000 lines .
All major industrial projects involve several people whereas many CS programs value individual work to the point of discouraging teamwork .
Realizing this , many organizations focus on simplifying tools , techniques , languages , and operating procedures to minimize the reliance on developer skills .
This is wasteful of human talent and effort because it reduces everybody to the lowest common denominator .
Industry wants to rely on tried - and - true tools and techniques , but is also addicted to dreams of " silver bullets , " " transformative breakthroughs , " " killer apps , " and so forth .
They want to be able to operate with minimally skilled and interchangeable developers guided by a few " visionaries " too grand to be bothered by details of code quality .
This leads to immense conservatism in the choice of basic tools ( such as programming languages and operating systems ) and a desire for monocultures ( to minimize training and deployment costs ) .
In turn , this leads to the development of huge proprietary and mutually incompatible infrastructures : Something beyond the basic tools is needed to enable developers to produce applications and platform purveyors want something to lock in developers despite the commonality of basic tools .
Reward systems favor both grandiose corporate schemes and short - term results .
The resulting costs are staggering , as are the failure rates for new projects .
Faced with that industrial realityand other similar deterrentsacademia turns in on itself , doing what it does best : carefully studying phenomena that can be dealt with in isolation by a small group of like - minded people , building solid theoretical foundations , and crafting perfect designs and techniques for idealized problems .
Proprietary tools for dealing with huge code bases written in archaic styles do n't fit this model .
Like industry , academia develops reward structures to match .
This all fits perfectly with a steady improvement of smokestack courses in well - delineated academic subjects .
Thus , academic successes fit industrial needs like a square peg in a round hole and industry has to carry training costs as well as development costs for specialized infrastructures .
Someone always suggests " if industry just paid developers a decent salary , there would be no problem . "
That might help , but paying more for the same kind of work is not going to help much ; for a viable alternative , industry needs better developers .
The idea of software development as an assembly line manned by semi-skilled interchangeable workers is fundamentally flawed and wasteful .
It pushes the most competent people out of the field and discourages students from entering it .
To break this vicious circle , academia must produce more graduates with relevant skills and industry must adopt tools , techniques , and processes to utilize those skills .
Back to Top
Dreams of Professionalism
" Computer science " is a horrible and misleading term .
CS is not primarily about computers and it is not primarily a science .
Rather it is about uses of computers and about ways of working and thinking that involves computation ( " algorithmic and quantitative thinking " ) .
It combines aspects of science , math , and engineering , often using computers .
For almost all people in CS , it is an applied field " pure CS , " isolated from application , is typically sterile .
What distinguishes a CS person building an application from a professional in some other field ( such as medicine or physics ) building one ?
The answer must " be mastery of the core of CS . "
What should that " core " be ?
It would contain much of the established CS curriculumalgorithms , data structures , machine architecture , programming ( principled ) , some math ( primarily to teach proof - based and quantitative reasoning ) , and systems ( such as operating systems and databases ) .
To integrate that knowledge and to get an idea of how to handle larger problems , every student must complete several group projects ( you could call that basic software engineering ) .
It is essential that there is a balance between the theoretical and the practicalCS is not just principles and theorems , and it is not just hacking code .
This core is obviously far more " computer - oriented " than the computing field as a whole .
Therefore , nobody should be called a computer scientist without adding a specialization within CS ( for example , graphics , networking , software architecture , human - machine interactions , security ) .
However that 's still not enough .
The practice of computer science is inherently applied and interdisciplinary , so every CS professional should have the equivalent to a minor in some other field ( for example , physics , medical engineering , history , accountancy , French literature ) .
Experienced educators will observe : " But this is impossible !
Hardly any students could master all that in four years . "
Those educators are right : something has to give .
My suggestion is that the first degree qualifying to practice as a computers scientist should be a master ' sand a master 's designed as a wholenot as a bachelor 's degree with an appended final year or two .
People who plan to do research will as usual aim for a Ph.D .
Many professors will object : " I do n't have the time to program ! "
However , I think that professors who teach students who want to become software professionals will have to make time and their institutions must find ways to reward them for programming .
The ultimate goal of CS is to help produce better systems .
Would you trust someone who had not seen a patient for years to teach surgery ?
What would you think of a piano teacher who never touched the keyboard ?
A CS education must bring a student beyond the necessary book learning to a mastery of its application in complete systems and an appreciation of aesthetics in code .
I use the word " professional . "
That 's a word with many meanings and implications .
In fields like medicine and engineering , it implies licensing .
Licensing is a very tricky and emotional topic .
However , our civilization depends on software .
Is it reasonable that essentially anyone can modify a critical body of code based on personal taste and corporate policies ?
If so , will it still be reasonable in 50 years ?
Is it reasonable that pieces of software on which millions of people depend come without warranties ?
The real problem is that professionalism enforced through licensing depends on having a large shared body of knowledge , tools , and techniques .
A licensed engineer can certify that a building has been constructed using accepted techniques and materials .
In the absence of a widely accepted outline of CS competence ( as I suggested earlier ) , I do n't know how to do that for a software application .
Today , I would n't even know how to select a group of people to design a licensing test ( or realistically a set of tests for various subspecialties , like the medical boards ) .
What can industry do to close the gap ?
It is much more difficult to characterize " industry " and " industrial needs " than to talk about academia .
After all , academia has a fairly standard structure and fairly standard approaches to achieving its goals .
Industry is far more diverse : large or small , commercial or non-profit , sophisticated or average in their approach to system building , and so forth .
Consequently , I can't even begin to prescribe remedies .
However , I have one observation that related directly to the academia / industry gap :
Many organizations that rely critically on computing have become dangerously low on technical skills :
Industrial manager : " The in - sourcing of technical expertise is critical for survival . "
No organization can remain successful without an institutional memory and an infrastructure to recruit and develop new talent .
Increasing collaboration with academics interested in software development might be productive for both parties .
Collaborative research and an emphasis on lifelong learning that goes beyond mere training courses could play major roles in this .
Back to Top
Conclusion
We must do better .
Until we do , our infrastructure will continue to creak , bloat , and soak up resources .
Eventually , some part will break in some unpredictable and disastrous way ( think of Internet routing , online banking , electronic voting , and control of the electric power grid ) .
In particular , we must shrink the academia / industry gap by making changes on both sides .
My suggestion is to define a structure of CS education based on a core plus specializations and application areas , aiming eventually at licensing of software artifacts and at least some of the CS professionals who produce them .
This might go hand - in - hand with an emphasis on lifelong industry / academia involvement for technical experts .
Back to Top
Author Bjarne Stroustrup ( bs@cs.tamu.edu ) is the College of Engineering Chair in Computer Science Professor at Texas A&M University in College Station , TX .
Back to Top
Copyright held by author .
The Digital Library is published by the Association for Computing Machinery .
Copyright © 2010 ACM , Inc .
Comments
Charles Betz
Excellent article .
Re : " The idea of software development as an assembly line manned by semi-skilled interchangeable workers is fundamentally flawed and wasteful . "
This has been a common theme in much SDLC - related commentary .
Some argue that * no* metaphor is applicable .
I have more recently begun to ask whether product development is actually the appropriate metaphor .
Product development and portfolio management in industry is costly , iterative , and risky process , subject to many of the same issues as software .
Yet I have seen little if any exploration of potential parallels .
Charles T. Betz
Enterprise Architect
Wells Fargo Bank , N.A .
Ingo Lutkebohle
As an academic once tasked with overhauling the software engineering undergrad course , I can wholeheartedly underwrite this article .
One sentence , in particular , stood out for me : " Proprietary tools for dealing with huge code bases written in archaic styles do n't fit this model . "
I believe that / the / core issue is that academic computer science has a hard time working in a meaningful way on " huge code bases " .
Yet , as Mr. Stroustrup often mentions and I wholeheartdely agree with , scale is precisely the distinctive difference .
However , it seems that it is not entirely clear how to achieve this .
My suggestion would be that we should create a meaningful incentive system for academic research .
That is , some way that allows research to do its job and measure its applicability to the real world issues .
I bet many academics would love to do this , instead of work on purely theoretical issues .
My suggestion how to gou about this would be to create accepted tools for dealing with large - scale code bases .
Tools to measure , quantify , summarize , correlate , generalize , and more abstract analysis on top of those .
Some tools in this direction are already available .
We also need tools to / modify / , or maybe " refactor " such code - bases and make comparisons , so that the effect of different engineering approaches can be verified .
Also , some early tools in this direction exist .
Such tools would enable researchers to work on large - scale issues , as is needed .
Last , not least and probably not easiest , collaboration with experts on the " soft " issues could enable psychologically - grounded metrics for , just as one example , API usability and complexity , so that again , the effect of different choices can be measured .
Robert Szymczak
>> For many , " programming " has become a strange combination of unprincipled hacking and invoking other people 's libraries ( with only the vaguest idea of what 's going on ) . <<
This is an excellent observation , and unfortunately , very true ...
Lawrence Bernstein
Bjarne makes an insightful and provocative plea for a more professional software industry .
People that will write programs need to be taught by people who are skilled in detailed design , data structure , code design and all the other computer science skills .
There is no excuse for Computer Science Professors not writing some code or at least being able to critically read code .
The computer science education by Bjarne teaches the student to write professional programs .
Fred Brooks teaches that we need another order of magnitude effort to take the program and produce a programming system product from it .
This additional effort is learned in software engineering programs .
Must a software engineer be a professional programmer ?
i think not , but they must be taught the essentials of program design .
I think that software engineers must be able to solve system problems for software intensive systems .
Alternatively , these people could be called systems engineers well educated in software technologies and processes .
We need people educated in software who can solve real problems .
No single standard educational course of study focuses soley on this need .
Kiran Achyutuni
Excellent and thought provoking article .
Here is a suggestion for improving the quality of CS graduates :
What if the entire University were to run on the software produced by the University CS students ?
Granted , this is not possible on day one , but if the University were to adopt this policy , over time , CS students would have hands on experience with real - life code bases and will learn all parts of software design and development .
They will learn how to fix bugs , test , refactor code , appreciate the importance of good software coding practices .
They will also learn how to add new features by interacting with customers .
Professors can take actual code snippets and teach students with it .
Best of all , students can see the results of their efforts before they graduate .
I bet if the University is bold enough to adopt this policy , I can guarantee that the students of this university will be highly valued by industry .
This is a win-win for all : Students , Professors , University , and the Industry .
Some of the great companies have such an internal policy - all systems sold by the company must be used internally for the same purpose .
Companies like Oracle , Microsoft , Amazon.com do this everyday .
The University can do the same and should do this if it is serious about the quality of the CS graduates it produces .
Kiran Achyutuni ,
Founder , www.mashedge.com
The account that made this comment no longer exists .
Interesting discussion .
CS is about complexity theory , computability , algorithms , data structures , automata theory , quantum computation science , formal languages and much more .
There 's a whole theoretical background that is unique to CS .
Definitely , there should be separated majors , such as Software Engineering or Data and Information Management , in order to avoid misconceptions and to address industry 's specific needs .
In short , CS is a basic science in wich we can learn about modelling the complex processes that occur in Nature by using abstract mathematical tools .
The models we construct in CS ( basically , algorithms ) have to ( i ) be given formal descriptions and proofs ; ( ii ) have its fundamental properties investigated ( complexity bounds , completeness , etc. ) ; and much more .
In short , CS is a basic science and other sciences can benefit from it as well by using its outocomes .
An example of this is Artificial Intelligence .
Although it first got inspiration from early mathematical models of the brain ( neuroscience ) , it became clear thereafter that the ' algorithimic ' way of modelling natural processess would be fundamental to AI .
Today , AI is commonly regarded as a standard discipline in CS , though still multidisciplinary .
So , why not segregate the lots of teaching contents flooding CS students minds into separate majors ?
Furthermore , let 's not forget the revealing quote of a prominient computer scientist :
" Computer Science is no more about computers than Astronomy is about telescopes " Edsger Dijkstra
That summarizes well what CS is definitely not about .
I believe that multidisciplinarity should be raise from a well planned reform in the graduate educational system , instead of requiring that a CS major covers every single topic from software engenieering to computation theory .
Both are , separetedly , deep and complex enough disciplines to be studied in their own terms .
Carlos R. B. Azevedo
MSc Candidate in CS
Center for Informatics ( CIn )
Federal University of Pernambuco
Recife , Brazil
twitter.com/crbazevedo
Anonymous
This article is a true an eye - opener for both the academia and the industry .
I am glad to see that a professional researcher from an reputed IT company is now teaching ( the author of this article ) at a university .
It is
an noble gesture and gives a hope that a saviour of the IT industry has emerged among us .
This is another amazing article that should shake the mindset of
both academia and industry .
I do agree with the most of the views expressed by the author .
Even today , I am scared while flying in these planes controlled by a computer
that are programmed by a group of undisciplined , unlicenced , and unaccountable IT Professionals .
It is a miracle that unitl now many of these life - critical systems are running without crashing .
I do agree with the author that a " software nuclear bomb " might be lurking
deep down in some untested part of the software in these critical
systems .
When a part of the software code that was untested gets executed becasue of an unforeseen real - life scenarios ,
it will break havoc in human lives .
One of the Indian Medical Practioner ( Dr. Devi Shetty , Narayana Hrudayala ) predicted that remotely controlled
robotic surgery is possible in the future .
It give me a chill through my spine to imagine that an unsuspecting patient
had to surrender his / her ' Made - by - the - God ' body to a doctor sitting on the other side of the globe controlling a robot - controlled knife
cutting a delicate structure of the patient 's body .
Even a small bug in the software code will prove disastrous for
the helpless patient on the surgery table !
We the intellectuals should predict the future problems and take the necessary precautions before it is loo late .
As being just wise people ( who learn from other mistakes ) or fools ( who learn from their own mistakes ) is not sufficient at all !
To brigde the academia and industry , I agree with the author that professors who teach should build large systems once in 5 or 10 years
for a duration of 2 to 3 years in the industry to appreciate the reality .
In the same way , the seasoned IT professionals should go back to academia to teach ( and learn in the process ) and imbibe the rigour of the programming , new tools and ideas .
I think , this cross-fertilization between academia and industry will help the both sides in the long - run .
I agree with Kiran Achyutuni 's comment that the products from the IT industry should have " eat your own dog food " policy by using the products themselves internally before it is sold to the external users .
The " eat your own dog food " policy will reinstate the much needed trust into the products sold by the IT companies .
It is pity that these companies protect themselves by making the use to agree to the terms in the licencing agreement that clerverly gain the impunity .
Saya Sreenivasulu
Reading , UK .
Anonymous
i agree with the point of cross-fertilization between academia and industry by Saya Sreenivasulu , but who will ensure the result .
because in IT industry one may move slow , one may move fast , depends on their own passion , but nobody can say whose technology changes in which rate and how they learn and how they teach to next .
so i can not appreciate if an academic goes to industry and make waste of others time and same to professionals .
it may possible if it happens side by side .
Partha Sarathi Paul
India
Anonymous
I think the core of the issue is academia itself .
The institution has grown so large and so proud and so necessary because it spits out professionals that can't judge skill because they 're brainwashed to believe that academia can prepare a person for professionalism .
Mentored practice prepares a person for professionalism , and the common usage of the term pro does n't match the field .
A professional is competent in their field , but so far , all I 've seen is a lack of competence .
Academia takes us as far as it can with generic studies , and idealistic classes .
As far as it can ruin minds and under appreciate mold - breakers .
The problem is the vicious cycle of judging the abilities of a person based on their degree .
Most of which industry does n't appreciate , because as soon as you 're hired they melt you down to forge their golden sheep idol of nose down , and practical lackadaisical application of proverbial duct - tape need only apply .
The stench of the Microwave Society running timer set to fix - it - and - fix - it - now , fills the air .
If only other fields worked the same way .
Let 's build a bridge and just start working .
Do n't bother measuring , if we miss the road , we 'll just alter the road to match , even if we lose a few ramps access to the highway .
Hmm it 's cracked .... pour in cement call it a day .
I feel the Jenga tower starting to shift , shall we take out more of our solid dynamic well - defined meta - code and replace it with hard coded magic numbers and flags ?
Just add one more flag .
Make it work .
Put a stamp on it so someone knows you 're doing something at work .
I appreciate your attempts to mold the academia to fit the industries needs , and to mold industry to utilize technology appropriately so that academia prepares adequately , but it 's academia from whence forth industry came , and it 's academia against which it holds its work - force measuring rod .
Anonymous
The problem is the vicious cycle of judging the abilities of a person based on their degree .
Most of which industry does n't appreciate , because as soon as you 're hired they melt you down to forge their golden sheep idol of nose down , and practical lackadaisical application of proverbial duct - tape need only apply .
View More Comments
Scientists have underestimated the role that water vapour plays in determining global temperature changes , according to a new study that could fuel further attacks on the science of climate change .
The research , led by one of the world 's top climate scientists , suggests that almost one - third of the global warming recorded during the 1990s was due to an increase in water vapour in the high atmosphere , not human emissions of greenhouse gases .
A subsequent decline in water vapour after 2000 could explain a recent slowdown in global temperature rise , the scientists add .
The experts say their research does not undermine the scientific consensus that emissions of greenhouse gases from human activity drive global warming , but they call for " closer examination " of the way climate computer models consider water vapour .
The new research comes at a difficult time for climate scientists , who have been forced to defend their predictions in the face of an embarrassing mistake in the 2007 report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , which included false claims that Himalayan glaciers could melt away by 2035 .
There has also been heavy criticism over the way climate scientists at the University of East Anglia apparently tried to prevent the release of data requested under Freedom of Information laws .
The new research , led by Susan Solomon , at the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , who co-chaired the 2007 IPCC report on the science of global warming , is published today in the journal Science , one of the most respected in the world .
Solomon said the new finding does not challenge the conclusion that human activity drives climate change .
" Not to my mind it does n't , " she said .
" It shows that we should n't over - interpret the results from a few years one way or another . "
She would not comment on the mistake in the IPCC report - which was published in a separate section on likely impacts - or on calls for Rajendra Pachauri , the IPCC chairman , to step down .
" What I will say , is that this [ new study ] shows there are climate scientists round the world who are trying very hard to understand and to explain to people openly and honestly what has happened over the last decade . "
The new study analysed water vapour in the stratosphere , about 10 miles up , where it acts as a potent greenhouse gas and traps heat at the Earth 's surface .
Satellite measurements were used to show that water vapour levels in the stratosphere have dropped about 10 % since 2000 .
When the scientists fed this change into a climate model , they found it could have reduced , by about 25 % over the last decade , the amount of warming expected to be caused by carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases .
They conclude : " The decline in stratospheric water vapour after 2000 should be expected to have significantly contributed to the flattening of the global warming trend in the last decade . "
Solomon said : " We call this the 10 , 10 , 10 problem .
A 10 % drop in water vapour , 10 miles up has had an effect on global warming over the last 10 years . "
Until now , scientists have struggled to explain the temperature slowdown in the years since 2000 , a problem climate sceptics have exploited .
The scientists also looked at the earlier period , from 1980 to 2000 , though cautioned this was based on observations of the atmosphere made by a single weather balloon .
They found likely increases in water vapour in the stratosphere , enough to enhance the rate of global warming by about 30 % above what would have been expected .
" These findings show that stratospheric water vapour represents an important driver of decadal global surface climate change , " the scientists say .
They say it should lead to a " closer examination of the representation of stratospheric water vapour changes in climate models " .
Solomon said it was not clear why the water vapour levels had swung up and down , but suggested it could be down to changes in sea surface temperature , which drives convection currents and can move air around in the high atmosphere .
She said it was not clear if the water vapour decrease after 2000 reflects a natural shift , or if it was a consequence of a warming world .
If the latter is true , then more warming could see greater decreases in water vapour , acting as a negative feedback to apply the brakes on future temperature rise .
ABC News has published an " exclusive " series of photographs identified as the customized undergarments of a fellow who tried to blow up a Detroit - bound plane over the holidays with the explosive PETN .
Above , an image identified on abcnews.com as " UNDERWEAR WITH EXPLOSIVE PACKET . "
I wonder how they obtained these images , and from whom ?
The photo series also includes separate detail shots of explosive powder packet , and the syringe which , according to reports , contained some sort of acid that was to aid in the detonation process — thankfully , it failed .
A quick YouTube search yields several videos of questionable origin with titles like " PETN 40 " and " PETN 50 UNDERWATER , " presumably X grams of the explosive being detonated .
If the videos and quantities are legit , it really is frightening to imagine what 80 grams in the dude 's drawers could have done if he 'd succeeded .
This is the creepiest wide - distribution media image I can remember seeing for many years .
What distasteful internet parodies and fetish riffs may yet come ?
What better way to round out this scorched and shitty decade than to gaze thoughtfully into the charred , soiled underpants of a stranger .
A troubled young man who seems to have hated America only as much as he hated his own junk .
In the next CNBC Original , Maria Bartiromo takes viewers Inside The Mind of Google for a rare look at the world 's most powerful technology company and its crown jewel , the Google Internet search engine .
This is the fascinating story of how two grad students , in barely a decade , took a one - time research project and turned it into a global technology powerhouse ... changing the way we interact with information , the Internet , and each other .
See how Google came to dominate the search industry and turn it into a profit machine ... and see where it 's taking its next step ... and how the company plans to address arguably the biggest controversy in today 's digital age : privacy .
Yes , really .
Rupert Murdoch 's crusade to blame Google for the failing newspaper business model continues today , as it emerges that News Corp has conducted talks with Microsoft about de-indexing the company 's sites from Google and ( presumably ) being paid to include them in Bing instead .
The concept makes sense only if you buy Murdoch 's claims that Google is " stealing " content rather than simply helping people find it .
The revelation comes from the Financial Times , which has a strong track record for accurate reportage - this is unlikely to be a fluffy rumor .
The piece reads , in part :
Microsoft has had discussions with News Corp over a plan that would involve the media company ’s being paid to “ de- index ” its news websites from Google , setting the scene for a search engine battle that could offer a ray of light to the newspaper industry .
The impetus for the discussions came from News Corp , owner of newspapers ranging from the Wall Street Journal of the US to The Sun of the UK , said a person familiar with the situation , who warned that talks were at an early stage .
However , the Financial Times has learnt that Microsoft has also approached other big online publishers to persuade them to remove their sites from Google ’s search engine .
News Corp and Microsoft , which owns the rival Bing search engine , declined to comment .
I say go for it .
So , I 'm sure , do all the other web publishers who see that removing many of the major news sites from Google will provide even more traffic for the upstarts .
News Corp is merrily making itself irrelevant to web consumers , while continuing to use Google as its punch bag rather than addressing the radical transition of media into the online world .
NAHARIYA , Israel -- Hope for the release of Sgt. Gilad Shalit , held by Hamas since 2006 , has become enough of a cause célébre to bring Israel near the edge of a trade long considered taboo : releasing as many as 1,000 Palestinian prisoners in return .
The deal still may not happen .
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has been holding marathon meetings this week with half - a- dozen cabinet ministers to discuss a possible swap to end the 3 ½- year ordeal of the captured soldier , now 23 years old .
On ...
Sunday Solar Energy of Israel is the organization tasked with administering the investment of many photovoltaic solar cells that will be installed in Kibbutzim .
The initial cost of the plan is of NIS 500 million or $ 133 million USD .
The project is expected to generate revenues for the communal settlements that will use the energy since the technology will allow them to store energy that can ...
See entire news item
It is easy to see that the world continues to find reasons for fighting – whether between countries , or within countries , or between individuals .
Since every single human being is aging and since precious time passes , the obsession with difference and conflict is in reality an illness that afflicts humanity .
A cartoon from a Facebook post I read this morning reminded me of the foolishness of conflict , and it made me laugh .
It also reminded me of the Christmas truces of World War 1 , well - known to historians .
The Christmas truces were an outbreak of peace in the middle of what was supposed to be a war .
The need to see others as different has led to conflict as far back as we can trace in human history .
It leads to racism .
It leads to hatred between rival political parties .
It leads to civil wars and to wars between countries .
And , in contrast , the more fundamental need to see others as being like ourselves , has always led back to peace and to mutual acceptance and appreciation , ...
See entire blog item
The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much ; it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little .
Civilization is in a race between education and catastrophe .
Let us learn the truth and spread it as far and wide as our circumstances allow .
For the truth is the greatest weapon we have .
There 's been a lot of emphasis in recent years on sustainable , green living .
People swap out their appliances for those with the Energy Star seal of approval , they move to homes with better insulation and more efficient heating , or they gut their old homes and renovate them until they 're suitably " green " and bear almost no resemblance to the homes they once were .
Any of these options are perfectly acceptable , but when it came time for Lloyd Alter to downsize , he chose a different route .
Being a proponent of living small and green design , it might come as a surprise to some people that this former architect has lived for most of his life in a 3 - story , six bedroom , one bathroom house .
It 's an ancient monolith of a house , dating back to the early 20th century for ...
See entire news item
Author : Mike , RemodelingExpense.com
In this post you 'll discover some incredible insights that will help you navigate the overwhelming process many face when remodeling their home with " GREEN " on their minds .
Last month I published a similar post on home buying where I asked real estate agents to share their best tip for buying fixer - uppers as a first - time home buyer .
The tips shared were absolutely priceless ( you can find the post here ) !
This got me thinking – what about remodeling in a sustainable way that will help save us money and reduce our Carbon - footprint ?
And not those same boring tips from 10 years ago .
But fresh and unique advice from real green experts .
So I contacted some of the most popular and successful green professionals in the business .
The result was simply ...
See entire tip
We stand now where two roads diverge ...
The road we have long been traveling is deceptively easy , a smooth superhighway on which we progress with great speed , but at its end lies disaster .
The other fork of the road ... offers our last , our only chance to reach a destination that assures the preservation of the earth .
By Richard Heinberg , Senior Fellow of Post Carbon Institute
In a New York Times op - ed published September 18 titled " Errors and Emissions , " economist - columnist Paul Krugman took a swipe at my organization , Post Carbon Institute , lumping us together with the Koch brothers as purveyors of " climate despair . "
No , the Koch brothers are not in despair about the climate ; apparently our shared error is that we say fighting climate change and growing the economy are incompatible .
And , according to Krugman , a new report from the New Climate Economy Project ( NCEP ) and a working paper from the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) show that the falling cost of renewable energy means this is happily not the case .
But in our view Krugman himself is guilty of five critical errors , and three equally serious omissions ....
See entire blog item
By Ricken Patel , Exec. Director of Avaaz , co-organizers of People 's Climate March Scientists are normally a pretty measured bunch .
But in recent months , they 've been resorting to some unusual language to get our attention .
One top climatologist recently tweeted : " If even a small fraction of Arctic sea floor carbon is released to the atmosphere , we 're f'd . "
When scientists start swearing in public , it is time for everyone to start worrying .
It 's not just the scientists that are raising the alarm .
This Sunday , hundreds of thousands of people are taking to the streets around the world in the largest climate mobilization in history .
If they were n't listening before , our leaders should tune in now .
The voice of global concern for action on climate change is back , and this time it 's no longer an environmental issue , it 's an everybody issue .
And time is short .
The world is rushing towards a series of potentially catastrophic feedback loops and tipping points in the climate system , which could see the support system of life itself irrecoverably disrupted .
From the release of gigantic amounts of arctic ...
See entire blog item
For release 10:00 a.m. ( ET ) Friday , September 18 , 2020 USDL - 20 - 1737 Technical information : Employment : sminfo@bls.gov * www.bls.gov/sae Unemployment : lausinfo@bls.gov * www.bls.gov/lau
Media contact : ( 202 ) 691-5902 * PressOffice@bls.gov STATE EMPLOYMENT
AND UNEMPLOYMENT
-- AUGUST 2020 Unemployment rates were lower in August in 41 states , higher in 2 states , and stable in 7 states and the District of Columbia , the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics reported today .
All 50 states and the District had jobless rate increases from a year earlier .
The national unemployment rate fell by 1.8 percentage points over the month to 8.4 percent but was 4.7 points higher than in August 2019 .
Nonfarm payroll employment increased in 40 states and was essentially unchanged in 10 states and the District of Columbia in August 2020 .
Over the year , nonfarm payroll employment decreased in 49 states and the District and was essentially unchanged in 1 state .
This news release presents statistics from two monthly programs .
The civilian labor force and unemployment data are modeled based largely on a survey of households .
These data pertain to individuals by where they reside .
The employment data are from an establishment survey that measures nonfarm employment , hours , and earnings by industry .
These data pertain to jobs on payrolls defined by where the establishments are located .
For more information about the concepts and statistical methodologies used by these two programs , see the Technical Note .
Unemployment Nevada had the highest unemployment rate in August , 13.2 percent , followed by Rhode Island , 12.8 percent , and Hawaii and New York , 12.5 percent each .
Nebraska had the lowest rate , 4.0 percent , followed by Utah , 4.1 percent , and Idaho , 4.2 percent .
In total , 29 states had jobless rates lower than the U.S. figure of 8.4 percent , 10 states had higher rates , and 11 states and the District of Columbia had rates that were not appreciably different from that of the nation .
( See tables A and 1 . )
In August , the largest unemployment rate decreases occurred in Massachusetts ( - 4.9 percentage points ) and Arizona ( - 4.8 points ) .
Rates declined over the month by at least 2.0 percentage points in an additional 14 states .
The only over - the - month jobless rate increases occurred in Kentucky ( +3.1 percentage points ) and Rhode Island ( +1.5 points ) .
( See table B. )
The largest unemployment rate increases from August 2019 occurred in Hawaii ( +9.8 percentage points ) , Nevada ( +9.4 points ) , and Rhode Island ( +9.3 points ) .
The smallest over - the - year rate increases occurred in Nebraska ( +0.9 percentage point ) and Alaska ( +1.2 points ) .
( See table C. ) Nonfarm Payroll Employment Nonfarm payroll employment increased in 40 states and was essentially unchanged in 10 states and the District of Columbia in August 2020 .
The largest job gains occurred in New York ( +153,300 ) , Texas ( +106,800 ) , and California ( +101,900 ) .
The largest percentage increases occurred in New Jersey , New York , and Virginia ( +1.8 percent each ) ; Kentucky and New Hampshire ( +1.7 percent each ) ; and Alaska , Indiana , and Massachusetts ( +1.6 percent each ) .
( See tables D and 3 . )
Over the year , nonfarm payroll employment decreased in 49 states and the District of Columbia and was essentially unchanged in Idaho .
The largest job declines occurred in California ( - 1,598,200 ) , New York ( - 1,214,500 ) , and Texas ( - 616,600 ) .
The smallest declines occurred in South Dakota ( - 19,900 ) , Wyoming ( - 21,400 ) , and Montana ( - 24,300 ) .
The largest percentage declines occurred in Hawaii ( - 16.1 percent ) , New York ( - 12.4 percent ) , and Massachusetts ( - 10.9 percent ) .
The smallest percentage declines occurred in Utah ( - 1.8 percent ) , Mississippi ( - 2.6 percent ) , and Arizona ( - 3.2 percent ) .
( See table E. ) _____________
The Metropolitan Area Employment and Unemployment news release for August is scheduled to be released on Wednesday , September 30 , 2020 , at 10:00 a.m. ( ET ) .
The State Employment and Unemployment news release for September is scheduled to be released on Tuesday , October 20 , 2020 , at 10:00 a.m. ( ET ) .
________________________________________________________________________________ | | | Coronavirus ( COVID - 19 ) Pandemic Impact on August 2020 | | Establishment and Household Survey Data | | | | BLS has continued to review all estimation and methodological procedures for | | the establishment survey , which included the review of data , estimation | | processes , the application of the birth - death model , and seasonal adjustment .
| | Business births and deaths cannot be adequately captured by the establishment | | survey as they occur .
Therefore , the Current Employment Statistics ( CES ) | | program uses a model to account for the relatively stable net employment | | change generated by business births and deaths .
Due to the impact of | | COVID - 19 , the relationship between business births and deaths is no longer | | stable .
Typically , reports with zero employment are not included in | | estimation .
For the July final and August preliminary estimates , CES included | | a portion of these reports in the estimates and made modifications to the | | birth - death model .
In addition for both months , the establishment survey | | included a portion of the reports that returned to reporting positive | | employment from reporting zero employment .
For more information , see | | www.bls.gov/web/empsit/cesbd.htm. | | | |
In the establishment survey , workers who are paid by their employer for all | | or any part of the pay period including the 12th of the month are counted | | as employed , even if they were not actually at their jobs .
Workers who are | | temporarily or permanently absent from their jobs and are not being paid | | are not counted as employed , even if they are continuing to receive benefits .
| |
The length of the reference period does vary across the respondents in the | | establishment survey ; one - third of businesses have a weekly pay period , | | slightly over 40 percent a bi-weekly , about 20 percent semi-monthly , and | | a small amount monthly .
| | | |
For the August 2020 estimates of household employment and unemployment from | | the Local Area Unemployment Statistics ( LAUS ) program , BLS continued to | | implement level - shift outliers in the employment and / or unemployment inputs | | to the models , based on statistical evaluation of movements in each area 's | | inputs .
Both the Current Population Survey inputs , which serve as the primary | | inputs to the LAUS models , and the nonfarm payroll employment and unemployment | | insurance claims covariates were examined for outliers .
The resulting | | implementation of level shifts preserved movements in the published estimates | | that the models otherwise would have discounted , without requiring changes | | to how the models create estimates at other points in the time series .
| | | |
To mitigate distortions due to the complex relationships between level shifts | | in the household survey and covariate inputs to the state models , BLS | | retained the same modifications to the LAUS seasonal adjustment and smoothing | | procedures that had been introduced during the May 2020 cycle .
Specifically , | | level shifts were isolated from the estimation of seasonal factors , and the | | Reproducing Kernel Hilbert Space filter was not used to smooth the seasonally | | adjusted estimates .
It is anticipated that these modifications will be | | necessary for as long as complex outlier treatments are deemed necessary for | | the model inputs .
| | | |
The " Frequently asked questions " document at | | www.bls.gov/covid19/employment-situation-covid19-faq-august-2020.htm
| | extensively discusses the impact of a misclassification in the household | | survey on the national estimates for August 2020 .
Despite the considerable | | decline in its degree relative to prior months , this misclassification | | continued to be widespread geographically , with BLS analysis indicating that | | most states again were affected to at least some extent .
However , according | | to usual practice , the data from the household survey are accepted as | | recorded .
To maintain data integrity , no ad hoc actions are taken to | | reclassify survey responses .
Hence , the household survey estimates of employed | | and unemployed people that serve as the primary inputs to the state models | | were affected to varying degrees by the misclassification , which in turn | | affected the official LAUS estimates for August 2020 .
| | | | Household data for Puerto Rico are not modeled , but rather are derived from a | | monthly household survey similar to the Current Population Survey .
Due to the | | effects of the pandemic and efforts to contain the virus , Puerto Rico had not | | been able to conduct its household survey for March or April 2020 .
Data | | collection resumed effective May 2020 , and BLS resumed publication of the not | | seasonally adjusted data beginning with the June 2020 issuance of this news | | release on July 17 , 2020 .
Publication of seasonally adjusted data for Puerto | | Rico will resume at a later time , pending further research .
The Puerto Rico | | Department of Labor has reported a misclassification in its household survey | | since May 2020 similar in nature to the misclassification in the Current | | Population Survey .
| |________________________________________________________________________________|
Table A. States with unemployment rates significantly different from that of the U.S. , August 2020 , seasonally adjusted --------------------------------------------------------------
State | Rate(p ) --------------------------------------------------------------
United States ( 1 ) ...................|
8.4 | Alabama .............................|
5.6 Alaska ..............................| 7.4 Arizona .............................| 5.9 Arkansas ............................|
7.4 California ..........................|
11.4 Colorado ............................|
6.7 Florida .............................|
7.4 Georgia .............................|
5.6 Hawaii ..............................| 12.5 Idaho ...............................|
4.2 | Illinois ............................| 11.0 Indiana .............................| 6.4 Iowa ................................| 6.0 Kansas ..............................| 6.9 Maine ...............................| 6.9 Maryland ............................|
6.9 Massachusetts .......................|
11.3 Minnesota ...........................|
7.4 Missouri ............................| 7.0 Montana .............................|
5.6 | Nebraska ............................| 4.0 Nevada ..............................|
13.2 New Hampshire .......................|
6.5 New Jersey ..........................| 10.9 New Mexico ..........................|
11.3 New York ............................|
12.5 North Carolina ......................| 6.5 North Dakota ........................| 5.0 Oklahoma ............................|
5.7 Pennsylvania ........................|
10.3 | Rhode Island ........................|
12.8 South Carolina ......................| 6.3 South Dakota ........................|
4.8 Texas ...............................|
6.8 Utah ................................| 4.1 Vermont .............................|
4.8 Virginia ............................|
6.1 Wisconsin ...........................|
6.2 Wyoming .............................
| 6.6 --------------------------------------------------------------
(1) Data are not preliminary .
( p ) = preliminary .
Table B. States with statistically significant unemployment rate changes from July 2020 to August 2020 , seasonally adjusted ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
Rate |
|-----------|-----------|
Over - the - month State | July | August | change ( p ) | 2020 | 2020 ( p ) |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Alabama ........................| 7.9 | 5.6 | - 2.3 Alaska .........................|
11.6 | 7.4 | - 4.2 Arizona ........................| 10.7 | 5.9 | - 4.8 California .....................|
13.5 | 11.4 | - 2.1 Colorado .......................| 7.4 | 6.7 | -.7 Connecticut ....................| 10.2 | 8.1 | - 2.1 Delaware .......................| 10.5 | 8.9 | - 1.6 Florida ........................| 11.4 | 7.4 | - 4.0 Georgia ........................| 7.6 | 5.6 | - 2.0 Hawaii .........................|
13.5 | 12.5 | - 1.0 | | | Idaho ..........................| 5.1 | 4.2 | -.9 Indiana ........................| 7.9 | 6.4 | - 1.5 Iowa ...........................| 6.8 | 6.0 | -.8 Kentucky .......................| 4.5 | 7.6 | 3.1 Louisiana ......................| 9.4 | 7.6 | - 1.8 Maine ..........................| 9.9 | 6.9 | - 3.0 Maryland .......................| 7.8 | 6.9 | -.9 Massachusetts ..................|
16.2 | 11.3 | - 4.9 Mississippi ....................| 9.4 | 7.9 | - 1.5 Montana ........................| 6.5 | 5.6 | -.9 | | | Nebraska .......................| 4.9 | 4.0 | -.9 Nevada .........................|
14.2 | 13.2 | - 1.0 New Hampshire ..................| 8.0 | 6.5 | - 1.5 New Jersey .....................| 14.2 | 10.9 | - 3.3 New Mexico .....................|
12.7 | 11.3 | - 1.4 New York .......................| 15.9 | 12.5 | - 3.4 North Carolina .................| 8.5 | 6.5 | - 2.0 North Dakota ...................| 6.6 | 5.0 | - 1.6 Oklahoma .......................| 7.1 | 5.7 | - 1.4 Oregon .........................| 10.4 | 7.7 | - 2.7 | | | Pennsylvania ...................| 12.5 | 10.3 | - 2.2 Rhode Island ...................|
11.3 | 12.8 | 1.5 South Carolina .................| 8.7 | 6.3 | - 2.4 South Dakota ...................| 6.4 | 4.8 | - 1.6 Tennessee ......................| 9.7 | 8.5 | - 1.2 Texas ..........................| 8.0 | 6.8 | - 1.2 Utah ...........................| 4.5 | 4.1 | -.4 Vermont ........................| 8.3 | 4.8 | - 3.5 Virginia .......................| 7.9 | 6.1 | - 1.8 Washington .....................| 10.2 | 8.5 | - 1.7 | | | West Virginia ..................| 10.0 | 8.9 | - 1.1 Wisconsin ......................| 7.1 | 6.2 | -.9 Wyoming ........................| 7.1 | 6.6 | -.5
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
( p ) = preliminary .
Table C. States with statistically significant unemployment rate changes from August 2019 to August 2020 , seasonally adjusted ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
Rate |
|-----------|-----------|
Over - the - year State | August | August | change ( p ) | 2019 | 2020 ( p ) |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Alabama ........................| 2.8 | 5.6 | 2.8 Alaska .........................| 6.2 | 7.4 | 1.2 Arizona ........................| 4.6 | 5.9 | 1.3 Arkansas .......................| 3.6 | 7.4 | 3.8 California .....................| 3.9 | 11.4 | 7.5 Colorado .......................| 2.6 | 6.7 | 4.1 Connecticut ....................| 3.7 | 8.1 | 4.4 Delaware .......................| 3.9 | 8.9 | 5.0 District of Columbia ...........| 5.3 | 8.5 | 3.2 Florida ........................| 3.0 | 7.4 | 4.4 | | | Georgia ........................| 3.3 | 5.6 | 2.3 Hawaii .........................| 2.7 | 12.5 | 9.8 Idaho ..........................| 2.9 | 4.2 | 1.3 Illinois .......................| 3.8 | 11.0 | 7.2 Indiana ........................| 3.2 | 6.4 | 3.2 Iowa ...........................| 2.8 | 6.0 | 3.2 Kansas .........................| 3.1 | 6.9 | 3.8 Kentucky .......................| 4.3 | 7.6 | 3.3 Louisiana ......................| 4.9 | 7.6 | 2.7 Maine ..........................| 2.9 | 6.9 | 4.0 | | | Maryland .......................| 3.6 | 6.9 | 3.3 Massachusetts ..................| 2.8 | 11.3 | 8.5 Michigan .......................| 4.0 | 8.7 | 4.7 Minnesota ......................| 3.2 | 7.4 | 4.2 Mississippi ....................| 5.5 | 7.9 | 2.4 Missouri .......................| 3.2 | 7.0 | 3.8 Montana ........................| 3.5 | 5.6 | 2.1 Nebraska .......................| 3.1 | 4.0 | .9 Nevada .........................| 3.8 | 13.2 | 9.4 New Hampshire ..................| 2.6 | 6.5 | 3.9 | | | New Jersey .....................| 3.5 | 10.9 | 7.4 New Mexico .....................|
4.8 | 11.3 | 6.5 New York .......................| 3.9 | 12.5 | 8.6 North Carolina .................| 3.8 | 6.5 | 2.7 North Dakota ...................| 2.4 | 5.0 | 2.6 Ohio ...........................| 4.2 | 8.9 | 4.7 Oklahoma .......................| 3.3 | 5.7 | 2.4 Oregon .........................| 3.6 | 7.7 | 4.1 Pennsylvania ...................| 4.5 | 10.3 | 5.8 Rhode Island ...................| 3.5 | 12.8 | 9.3 | | | South Carolina .................| 2.5 | 6.3 | 3.8 South Dakota ...................| 3.3 | 4.8 | 1.5 Tennessee ......................| 3.4 | 8.5 | 5.1 Texas ..........................| 3.5 | 6.8 | 3.3 Utah ...........................| 2.5 | 4.1 | 1.6 Vermont ........................| 2.4 | 4.8 | 2.4 Virginia .......................| 2.7 | 6.1 | 3.4 Washington .....................| 4.2 | 8.5 | 4.3 West Virginia ..................| 4.9 | 8.9 | 4.0 Wisconsin ......................| 3.4 | 6.2 | 2.8 Wyoming ........................| 3.7 | 6.6 | 2.9
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
( p ) = preliminary .
Table D. States with statistically significant employment changes from July 2020 to August 2020 , seasonally adjusted -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | | | Over - the - month change( p ) State | July | August |--------------------------- | 2020 | 2020 ( p ) | Level | Percent
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Alabama ......................|
1,972,900 | 1,994,000 | 21,100 | 1.1 Alaska .......................|
291,700 | 296,500 | 4,800 | 1.6 Arizona ......................|
2,834,700 | 2,864,200 | 29,500 | 1.0 Arkansas .....................|
1,213,500 | 1,228,400 | 14,900 | 1.2 California ...................|
15,772,500 | 15,874,400 | 101,900 | .6 Colorado .....................|
2,612,700 | 2,649,600 | 36,900 | 1.4 Connecticut ..................|
1,546,200 | 1,566,600 | 20,400 | 1.3 Delaware .....................|
421,700 | 426,800 | 5,100 | 1.2 Florida ......................|
8,467,200 | 8,525,100 | 57,900 | .7 Georgia ......................|
4,411,300 | 4,433,000 | 21,700 | .5 | | | | Idaho ........................|
751,200 | 758,200 | 7,000 | .9 Illinois .....................|
5,629,200 | 5,695,200 | 66,000 | 1.2 Indiana ......................|
3,008,700 | 3,056,100 | 47,400 | 1.6 Kansas .......................|
1,355,800 | 1,365,100 | 9,300 | .7 Kentucky .....................|
1,791,500 | 1,822,300 | 30,800 | 1.7 Louisiana ....................|
1,836,700 | 1,855,800 | 19,100 | 1.0 Maine ........................|
575,900 | 582,000 | 6,100 | 1.1 Maryland .....................|
2,567,800 | 2,592,000 | 24,200 | .9 Massachusetts ................|
3,242,600 | 3,294,200 | 51,600 | 1.6 Michigan .....................|
3,939,700 | 3,994,200 | 54,500 | 1.4 | | | | Minnesota ....................|
2,725,300 | 2,765,800 | 40,500 | 1.5 Mississippi ..................|
1,117,800 | 1,128,000 | 10,200 | .9 New Hampshire ................|
620,300 | 631,000 | 10,700 | 1.7 New Jersey ...................|
3,754,000 | 3,820,000 | 66,000 | 1.8 New York .....................|
8,435,600 | 8,588,900 | 153,300 | 1.8 North Carolina ...............|
4,246,100 | 4,263,100 | 17,000 | .4 North Dakota .................|
404,700 | 408,700 | 4,000 | 1.0 Ohio .........................|
5,101,700 | 5,147,200 | 45,500 | .9 Oklahoma .....................|
1,610,500 | 1,621,600 | 11,100 | .7 Oregon .......................|
1,790,500 | 1,801,800 | 11,300 | .6 | | | | Pennsylvania .................|
5,518,400 | 5,577,900 | 59,500 | 1.1 Rhode Island .................|
459,300 | 466,200 | 6,900 | 1.5 South Carolina ...............|
2,072,500 | 2,092,200 | 19,700 | 1.0 Tennessee ....................|
2,963,500 | 2,986,100 | 22,600 | .8 Texas ........................|
12,112,600 | 12,219,400 | 106,800 | .9 Vermont ......................|
278,300 | 282,000 | 3,700 | 1.3 Virginia .....................|
3,782,200 | 3,850,200 | 68,000 | 1.8 Washington ...................|
3,227,900 | 3,274,200 | 46,300 | 1.4 West Virginia ................|
668,900 | 674,400 | 5,500 | .8 Wisconsin ....................|
2,720,500 | 2,755,200 | 34,700 | 1.3
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
( p ) = preliminary .
Table E. States with statistically significant employment changes from August 2019 to August 2020 , seasonally adjusted -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | | |
Over - the - year change( p ) State | August | August |--------------------------- | 2019 | 2020 ( p ) | Level | Percent
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Alabama ......................|
2,076,400 | 1,994,000 | - 82,400 | - 4.0 Alaska .......................|
329,700 | 296,500 | - 33,200 | - 10.1 Arizona ......................|
2,959,800 | 2,864,200 | - 95,600 | - 3.2 Arkansas .....................|
1,273,600 | 1,228,400 | - 45,200 | - 3.5 California ...................|
17,472,600 | 15,874,400 | -1,598,200 | - 9.1 Colorado .....................|
2,797,400 | 2,649,600 | - 147,800 | - 5.3 Connecticut ..................|
1,685,300 | 1,566,600 | - 118,700 | - 7.0 Delaware .....................|
467,600 | 426,800 | - 40,800 | - 8.7 District of Columbia .........| 799,000 | 745,500 | - 53,500 | - 6.7 Florida ......................|
8,981,200 | 8,525,100 | - 456,100 | - 5.1 | | | | Georgia ......................|
4,627,000 | 4,433,000 | - 194,000 | - 4.2 Hawaii .......................|
652,800 | 547,600 | - 105,200 | - 16.1 Illinois .....................|
6,123,900 | 5,695,200 | - 428,700 | - 7.0 Indiana ......................|
3,162,300 | 3,056,100 | - 106,200 | - 3.4 Iowa .........................|
1,585,100 | 1,493,000 | - 92,100 | - 5.8 Kansas .......................
| 1,426,500 | 1,365,100 | - 61,400 | - 4.3 Kentucky .....................|
1,942,700 | 1,822,300 | - 120,400 | - 6.2 Louisiana ....................|
1,986,200 | 1,855,800 | - 130,400 | - 6.6 Maine ........................|
637,300 | 582,000 | - 55,300 | - 8.7 Maryland .....................|
2,767,800 | 2,592,000 | - 175,800 | - 6.4 | | | | Massachusetts ................|
3,697,400 | 3,294,200 | - 403,200 | - 10.9 Michigan .....................|
4,442,400 | 3,994,200 | - 448,200 | - 10.1 Minnesota ....................|
2,984,300 | 2,765,800 | - 218,500 | - 7.3 Mississippi ..................|
1,158,300 | 1,128,000 | - 30,300 | - 2.6 Missouri .....................|
2,907,100 | 2,769,500 | - 137,600 | - 4.7 Montana ......................|
485,700 | 461,400 | - 24,300 | - 5.0 Nebraska .....................|
1,027,400 | 990,600 | - 36,800 | - 3.6 Nevada .......................|
1,423,400 | 1,289,800 | - 133,600 | - 9.4 New Hampshire ................|
686,200 | 631,000 | - 55,200 | - 8.0 New Jersey ...................|
4,198,300 | 3,820,000 | - 378,300 | - 9.0 | | | | New Mexico ...................|
860,100 | 791,400 | - 68,700 | - 8.0 New York .....................|
9,803,400 | 8,588,900 | - 1,214,500 | - 12.4 North Carolina ...............|
4,583,200 | 4,263,100 | - 320,100 | - 7.0 North Dakota .................|
439,900 | 408,700 | - 31,200 | - 7.1 Ohio .........................|
5,595,900 | 5,147,200 | - 448,700 | - 8.0 Oklahoma .....................|
1,700,800 | 1,621,600 | - 79,200 | - 4.7 Oregon .......................|
1,946,200 | 1,801,800 | - 144,400 | - 7.4 Pennsylvania .................|
6,077,500 | 5,577,900 | - 499,600 | - 8.2 Rhode Island .................|
503,400 | 466,200 | - 37,200 | - 7.4 South Carolina ...............|
2,196,900 | 2,092,200 | - 104,700 | - 4.8 | | | | South Dakota .................|
440,500 | 420,600 | - 19,900 | - 4.5 Tennessee ....................|
3,128,700 | 2,986,100 | - 142,600 | - 4.6 Texas ........................|
12,836,000 | 12,219,400 | - 616,600 | - 4.8 Utah .........................|
1,566,900 | 1,538,700 | - 28,200 | - 1.8 Vermont ......................|
315,900 | 282,000 | - 33,900 | - 10.7 Virginia .....................|
4,062,800 | 3,850,200 | - 212,600 | - 5.2 Washington ...................|
3,485,000 | 3,274,200 | - 210,800 | - 6.0 West Virginia ................|
720,000 | 674,400 | - 45,600 | - 6.3 Wisconsin ....................|
2,977,500 | 2,755,200 | - 222,300 | - 7.5 Wyoming ......................|
291,200 | 269,800 | - 21,400 | - 7.3
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
( p ) = preliminary .
Got that ?
All of the green jobs , manufacturing jobs and infrastructure building that America is depending on to resurrect our fallen economy is not in Saudi Arabia 's interest .
In fact , it is their " greatest threat " .
Good thing their American subsidiaries have the full right to free speech and unlimited money to buy it with , cause if not , that just would n't be freedom like our founding fathers envisioned , right Chief Justice Roberts ?
Right ?
WRONG !
( T) he National Journal reported today that corporate lobbyists representing foreign corporations are already organizing to defeat such a proposal ( offered by Alan Grayson , Chris Van Hollen and Chuck Schumer ) .
The Organization for International Investment , a trade group representing foreign banks , oil companies , and other foreign corporations operating in the United States , " lashed out " at Van Hollen ’s proposals .
" The concern over foreign influence in our political system is a red herring , " said Nancy McLernon , the head of OFII .
McLernon — who previously worked for Citizens for a Sound Economy , a stealth " grassroots " corporate lobbying group now known as Americans for Prosperity and FreedomWorks — is wrong to assert that the danger of foreign lobbying is simply a distraction .
ThinkProgress.org editorial changes and bold text added by the diarist
Of course McLernon is wrong to call this a distraction .
McLernon makes her living by selling out Americans so that multi-national corporations can have their will even when it is not in America 's interests .
I call that treason , but Neo -Cons call it freedom .
The better to eat you with .
And of course , teabagger sponsors at FreedomWorks are just salivating over those BIG teeth that little red American voter riding hood just happened to notice .
Rob Jordan , vice president for federal and state campaigns at the conservative FreedomWorks , said his Washington - based group could reap particular benefits from a portion of the ruling that threw out restrictions on running political ads in the weeks leading up to an election .
" We expect to have upside potential in the multimillions , and we expect to be major players , " Jordan said of his group 's plans for the midterms .
" This will probably put ads on our radar screen more than they would have been . "
WashingtonPost.com
Astroturfing I can handle .
It sucks , but it is part of the game .
A fool and his money will soon be parted , they say .
I guess the same is true of a fool and his vote .
But when it comes to allowing foreign corporations and foreign special interests the right to subvert our American Democratic process there is only one word I can find to express my thoughts .
That word is TREASON .
Article III , Section 3 , U.S. Constitution Treason against the United States , shall consist only in levying war against them , or in adhering to their enemies , giving them aid and comfort .
No person shall be convicted of treason unless on the testimony of two witnesses to the same overt act , or on confession in open court .
Though Saudi Arabia has not officially declared war on the United States their native son Osama bin Laden has .
15 of the 19 9/11 hijackers were Saudi Arabian .
It is easily imaginable that the same Saudi wealth that will soon influence American voters will also go to finance future terror attacks against America .
In an age America declares war against ideas instead of nations how do we define treason ?
In recent decades America has declared war on terrorism , drugs and poverty ( I 'm pretty sure the poor lost that one ) .
If our definition of war has changed , should we not also revisit the definition of treason ?
Of course , if we refer back to the US Constitution , the power of interpreting US law goes to the Supreme Court .
But what happens if treason is committed by the Supreme Court itself ?
What happens if the Supreme Court creates an environment where treason can take place ?
How do we make sure that the Supreme Court does not interpret laws in such a way that makes it more possible for treason to take place ?
Will the Supreme Court ever have such a sense of accountability that they hear a case that accuses one of their own members of treason ?
Checks and balances indeed .
So it seems to be up to the Legislative Branch of the United States Government to hold in check the Judicial powers of the Supreme Court in ceding to multinational corporations the power to hold power over the Government of the U.S.A .
Will they do so when the power of unlimited money / speech can be used by America 's potential enemies to influence American policy in such a way that undermines what is in America 's best interests ?
I hope so , because all of those green jobs , manufacturing jobs and other jobs that are so necessary to America 's prosperity and strength are about to be astroturfed away , and not by our own domestic corporate overlords , but by the oligarchs of other nations , nations whose own interests might be counter to our own or even hostile to our nations well being .
Imagine if King George could buy influence in the fledgling Senate of our founding fathers .
How long do you think our nation would have lasted ?
" Do you really want the Chinese or any other country to be able to spend money on our elections ? "
Van Hollen asked .
WashingtonPost.com
I do n't .
I imagine many , if not all , who are reading this right now do not .
As for the right wing of American politics , let it suffice to say that the silence is truly deafening .
If you love our American sovereignty , if you value America 's independence , if you are not a blatant sellout of the American people who seeks to make a profit by selling our independence to the highest foreign bidder , you must oppose this massive betrayal of America 's interests .
Of course , if you could n't care less about the Citizens United ruling , if you are unaware of the cozy relationship between Saudi Oil interests and American politicians , or if you are more worried about immigrants invading your country for slave wage jobs than you are about America 's potential enemies subverting our independent nation , you are probably a Republican .
Good thing our media is still independent .
I mean , would n't it be awful if foreign interests started to misinform Americans about what is in their best interests ?
Oh yeah , I forgot , a Australian billionaire and a Saudi Prince already did that .
So how deep down the rabbit hole does this attack on American independence go ?
If we do n't fight like hell to make sure it stops here and now , we may never know .
Crossposted at ProgressiveElectorate.com and Docudharma.com
Temporary Notification Site for Rocketry Planet
Sitemap
Temporary Notification Site for Rocketry Planet Due to steadily increasing problems with the Rocketry Planet Server , the mods decided to take Rocketry Planet offline on November 15th , 2012 .
Because the server must be taken down soon , I have created this very basic and low cost site just to serve as a place for us to make announcements while we figure out what to do .
WHAT'S REALLY GOING ON IN HAITI ?
By Chuck Baldwin
January 26 , 2010
NewsWithViews.com
People of goodwill everywhere are rightly sympathetic to the plight of hundreds of thousands of innocent Haitians in the aftermath of the terrible earthquake that rocked the island country .
Private donations and volunteer efforts are pouring into Haiti from all over the globe — especially from the United States .
This is a good thing , right ?
So , why am I troubled ?
Simply put , I cannot remember such an all - out " relief effort " by our nation 's military and government forces following a natural disaster anywhere — ever !
Not even New Orleans , Louisiana , and surrounding Gulf Coast communities here in the homeland received the kind of attention from Washington , D.C. , that Haiti is receiving .
According to Agence France - Press ( AFP ) , " The US military is ramping up its mission in quake - hit Haiti , with 20,000 US troops expected to operate on ground and offshore by Sunday [ January 24 ] , the US commander overseeing the region said . "
No doubt , this would include ships and personnel from the USS Carl Vinson carrier group .
Cost to US taxpayers to send an entire carrier group — along with more than 20,000 ( so far ) military personnel — to Haiti already numbers in the multiplied millions of dollars .
It is also almost certain that there will be no quick exit from the island nation .
There never is .
In other words , our military presence ( dare I say occupation ? ) in Haiti will doubtless last for years .
At least , that 's the way Latin American and European countries see it .
And they are probably right .
Suffice it to say that the United States military is now completely in charge in Haiti .
At this point , it would be very enlightening for everyone to read Walter Williams ' column dated January 20 , 2010 , entitled " Haiti's Avoidable Death Toll . "
See Walter 's column here .
In short , Williams notes that the high death toll in Haiti is directly related to the inferior political / economic philosophies of the Haitian government .
There is no economic liberty , which has relegated it to being one of the world 's poorest nations , with no opportunity to build the kind of homes and businesses that can withstand natural disasters .
Williams is right when he says , " President Barack Obama called the quake 'especially cruel and incomprehensible . '
He would be closer to the truth if he had said that the Haitian political and economic climate that make Haitians helpless in the face of natural disasters are ' especially cruel and incomprehensible . ' "
Williams also observes , " Corruption is rampant " in Haiti .
Crime is , likewise , ubiquitous in Haiti , with little real law enforcement .
Private property rights are nonexistent .
Like many ( if not most ) third world countries , people live in tyranny and bondage to insensitive , power - mad strongmen who use up the country 's resources for their own selfish purposes .
Tyranny always impoverishes people ; freedom enriches them .
Williams rightly concludes , " Haiti 's disaster demands immediate Western assistance but it's only the Haitian people who can relieve themselves of the deeper tragedy of self - inflicted poverty . "
Amen .
All of that said , however , there are still several things bugging me about the Haiti story .
For one thing , why was an earthquake of this magnitude not felt beyond Port - au - Prince ?
( The only reports saying tremors were felt out of Haiti belong to US - controlled sources . )
All of the testimonies that I have read from people living in the adjoining country of the Dominican Republic ( which shares the same island with Haiti ) that were quoted by French , British , or Spanish outlets universally say they felt nothing .
If the foreign press is reporting the story accurately , the devastation was almost exclusively contained in and around Port - au - Prince .
That is very strange to me .
Even most of the roads reportedly remained open after the quake .
Another oddity is the fact that this earthquake did not produce a tsunami .
It is being called " miraculous " that an earthquake measuring 7.0 on the Richter Scale did not produce a colossal tsunami , which would have affected everyone in the region .
Advertisement
Furthermore , does the French government know something that we do n't — but should ?
According to a report of the Global Analysis International Intelligence ( GAII ) , " Not coincidentally , Agence France - Press ( AFP ) , which of course is closely affiliated with French intelligence , filed a report on 14th January which contained the following concluding sentence :
" ' On Wednesday , Obama ordered a " swift , coordinated and aggressive effort to save lives " in Haiti following the murderous quake , as a massive US aid mission swung into action , using troops , naval forces , aircraft and rescue teams . '
" FACT : An 'act of God , ' or natural calamity , is NOT a ' murderous quake . '
" The use of the word MURDEROUS here implies that someone is doing the MURDERING . "
GAII further speculates that the earthquake may have been the work of US Black Ops , which " flattened the French embassy and many of its officials , imploded the United Nations ' own establishments in the Haitian capital , and no doubt obliterated evidence of US Government and rogue official drug- running complicity . . . channeled through the Haitian capital for many years . "
See the intelligence report here .
Intelligence reports are also circulating about the possible disruption of liens and seizures of trillions of dollars by the international community relative to past crimes committed by former Presidents George Bush I and II , and Bill Clinton , which were being channeled through Haiti's Central Bank .
If any of this is even remotely true , it is certainly more than convenient that the Haitian capital was destroyed .
This particular part of the story is a real sore spot with me .
And I know if I broach this topic , many readers ( especially my Christian brethren who live under the delusion that the Bush family can do no wrong ) will refuse to believe anything I report and will even take their anger and umbrage out on me .
So be it .
I am personally convinced that certain members of the Bush and Clinton families have been involved in the international smuggling of illicit drugs for decades .
I have spoken in confidence with those who were in positions to know , and they have emphatically told me that both then - Arkansas Governor Bill Clinton and then - President George H.W.
Bush were complicit in CIA - assisted drug running out of Mena , Arkansas .
( You do n't think I would say this if I did not have absolute confidence in the integrity and credibility of these sources , do you ?
Plus , why would they tell me this at potential great harm to themselves , if it were not true ?
And , no , I can not divulge their names , for obvious reasons . )
And there is absolutely no reason to believe that similar operations are not ongoing .
In my opinion , it would be utterly naïve to think otherwise .
After all , it has been often reported that the CIA used Army Special Forces troops to facilitate the smuggling of drugs out of Indochina during the Vietnam War , has it not ?
Yes , it has .
That rogue elements within the US government would use war -- or even earthquakes — as cover and facilitation for illegal drug smuggling or money laundering would not surprise me one bit .
I realize it is extremely difficult for many Americans to contemplate that members of their own federal government could be evil enough to be involved in anything such as is implied above .
According to the thinking of many Americans , evil people only live in Iraq , Afghanistan , Iran , or North Korea .
And , of course , that is exactly what government propagandists want us to believe .
The truth is , no country or people has a monopoly on sin .
As the prophet Jeremiah was inspired to say , " The heart is deceitful above all things , and desperately wicked : who can know it ? " ( Jeremiah 17:9 ) The Apostle Paul agreed .
He told the Philippians , " We . . . have no confidence in the flesh . "
( Philippians 3:3 )
Thomas Jefferson said virtually the same thing when he said , " In questions of power , then , let no more be heard of confidence in man , but bind him down from mischief by the chains of the Constitution . "
This is why Jefferson and the rest of America 's founders insisted that we should be diligent to hold our civil magistrates accountable to the limits and protections of the US Constitution .
They well understood the sentiments so wisely expressed by Lord Acton , " Power tends to corrupt , and absolute power corrupts absolutely .
Great men are almost always bad men . "
Christians , of all people , should understand this .
So , why are so many of us so quick to believe everything our government and their toadies in the national media are telling us ?
Are we so naïve as to believe that unregenerate politicians in Washington , D.C. , are incapable of the same evil acts of barbarity and savagery that might be found in other parts of the world ?
Are sinners less sinful because they happened to receive their fallen nature from American bloodlines ?
Am I saying that Black Ops personnel manufactured the earthquake in Haiti — and killed tens of thousands of people in the process — for the purpose of hiding or facilitating illegal activity ?
No , I am not .
How in the world would I know it , even if it were true ?
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
What I am saying is that , once again , for me , there are many things that do not add up regarding what is going on in Haiti .
The way the earthquake behaved ; the lack of related seismic and tsunamic activity usually associated with earthquakes of this magnitude ; the unprecedented involvement of US military forces being used for " relief efforts " even as commanders are desperate to fill combat theaters in Iraq and Afghanistan ; the occupation of another independent nation , which occurred at lightning speed ; the vast sums of US taxpayer dollars being expended ; the devastation done to key Haitian governmental and banking institutions — which were known to be conduits for international financial disbursements — with virtually no devastation experienced anywhere else ; and intelligence reports of surreptitious activity circulating all over Europe and Latin America all add up to one big question , What 's really going on in Haiti ?
* If you appreciate this column and want to help me distribute these editorial opinions to an ever - growing audience , donations may now be made by credit card , check , or Money Order .
Use this link .
View Transcript
Transcript
Asok says , " Your age group has destroyed the hopes of my entire generation . "
Asok says , " Your parents were the so - called ' Greatest generation . '
I wonder what your age group will be known as . "
Asok says , " I 'll bet it includes the word ' Bag . ' "
Like the Kos diarist who called this to my attention , I did n't know much about Jane Hamsher until she started getting paid to advocate for the public option .
I never even read her blog , Firedoglake .
I had barely come across her in 2008 as yet another whiny blogger complaining that the Obama campaign was n't advertising on her website .
Called her out on it during the general .
Called her out on her thinly veiled blackmail threat last summer .
Told her to blow me once .
Good times .
So it 's no surprise to me that Hamsher is now advocating a sordid alliance with teabaggers to kill the health care bill , and wallowing in the attention by pimping it further , complete with another pitch for another blog of hers .
The pimping never stops with these people .
Never .
What was surprising is that Bob Brigham would work for her this summer , getting paid by Firedoglake to advocate to state blogs for the public option .
In Ohio , we remember Brigham for his brief tangential role in payola - tinged Jerome Armstrong infected blog bullshit during the 2005 Sherrod Brown primary early days .
Not the most fond memories of Bob Brigham on my end .
So this summer , when Bob Brigham called me on the phone , completely out of the blue , that was surprising , too .
But I 'm all about building bridges to get something done to move our country forward , so I took the call from Bob Brigham , heard him out , and helped out with some pretty damn good public option blogging .
I support the idea , still do , liked the idea of making House members pledge to vote " no " on a bill without a public option .
I had no delusions that any of this would make the public option reality , I just wanted to do what I could do .
Put my money ( which equalled zero ) where my mouth was ( which equals something more than zero ) .
So it did n't take much convincing from Bob Brigham , who at the time was pitching the same schtick to every prominent blogger in Ohio .
I pressed Bob Brigham on his funding sources , which he said were all small online donors .
I have no reason to doubt that , so I even gave Bob Brigham advice , some intelligence , some inside scoop , over a few Gmail chats and long late night phone calls .
I got nothing out of it , just a few links to my blog , and a good warm fuzzy feeling that I was doing good .
Then Jane Hamsher , who paid Bob Brigham to " reach out " to bloggers in Ohio and other states , decides to align with teabaggers to kill the health care bill .
So here 's my advice to Bob Brigham , and anyone else who is paid to " reach out " to bloggers for any reason .
If you ever , EVER work for someone this duplicitous , this disloyal , who will turn on Democrats in such a manner , DO NOT CALL ME .
I do n't want to hear from you .
Bob Brigham , that means YOU .
This is Ohio . Democrats in Ohio fight for Democrats to win .
We do not , EVER , pull the horseshit your paymaster just pulled .
Maybe your previous experience with Ohio did n't teach you that lesson , Bob , but I certainly hope this one will .
And to my readers who may wonder why I was the most vocal public option blogger in Ohio , here 's your answer .
I believe it 's a good idea .
Period .
I was asked to blog louder on the public option , repeatedly , by a paid member of Jane Hamsher 's staff .
And I still support this health care bill without it .
Why ?
Because I 'm a Democrat who supports a Democratic president who I helped elect .
And if you 're not on board with that , at any time , on any issue ?
Eat me .
The Transportation Security has modified its stepped - up security measures in the wake of the failed crotch bombing attempt .
Now , instead of everyone , only travelers from or passing through 10 " countries of interest " ( Afghanistan , Algeria , Iraq , Lebanon , Libya , Nigeria , Pakistan , Saudi Arabia , Somalia and Yemen ) , and four nations " known to be sponsors of terrorism " ( Cuba , Iran , Sudan and Syria ) will be given extra scrutiny at airport security checkpoints , including enhanced pat - down searches .
Naturally , this is n't enough for right - wingers .
For instance , on Sunday , Lt. Gen. Tom McInerney told Julie Banderas :
McInerney : Because I believe that in the next 90 to 120 days , there is danger , a very high probability that a U.S. airliner will come down because of one of these bombers .
And so , we 've got to go to more than just the normal process that they 're talking about now , we have got to go to very , very strict screening , and we have to use profiling .
And I mean be very serious and harsh about the profiling .
If you are an 18 to 28 - year - old Muslim man , then you should be strip searched .
And if we do n’t do that , there ’s a very high probability we ’re going to lose an airliner .
Banderas :
That 's a bit strong , though .
I mean , really .
Racial profiling , first of all , is extremely controversial and it would be essentially singling out people because of a religious group , because of an ethical background .
That ... That 's just not going to go over , not in this country , anyway .
McInerney : Julie , I agree .
That 's the problem .
But if you lose 300 Americans , and then people are going to say , " why did n't we do this ? "
The fact is , if that age group does n't like it , then what are they doing to stop this jihad against the West ?
What is Saudi Arabia , the holy cities of Mecca and Medina ... why are n't they putting out a fatwa that says that his jihad against the West is an unholy war .
...
Banderas :
God forbid we actually did that , and we actually did profile every Muslim that tries to enter this country within a certain age group , that would just , I would imagine , generate more violence and hatred toward the West .
...
What are people in that age group doing , General ?
You might want to check out just one example , that of Libya , where as Britta Sandberg at Der Spiegel reported 18 months ago and Borzou Darahagi at the Los Angeles Times reported last month , former militants are turning against al Qaeda :
A nation the West once considered a major sponsor of terrorism may have pulled off a groundbreaking coup against Al Qaeda : coaxing a group once strongly allied with Osama bin Laden to renounce its onetime partner as un-Islamic .
Libya 's government is trumpeting its success in persuading leaders and foot soldiers of the extremist Libyan Islamic Fighting Group to reject Al Qaeda 's brand of violence .
The decision , recounted by former members of the group and Libyan officials , offers a unique example of reconciliation between a government and a violent Islamic group once devoted to overthrowing it .
" The government learned to sit with people who were opposed to them and have dialogue and understand them , " said Abubakir Armela , a leader of the group who returned from exile in 2005 .
The general did n't explain how he expects to determine which 18 to 28 - year - olds are Muslims since people of all races embrace Islam .
If you 're a Christian Arab , as are the majority of Arab Americans , or a Hindu Indonesian , or a Sikh or just somebody who officials think looks like a Muslim , up with your hands and down with your pants .
If you 're black , and have a funny name , like , say Barack Hussein Obama , off with your Hanes .
Next up , strip searching Muslim and Muslim - looking women of a certain age .
Plus body - cavity searches .
Because , some Lt. Gen .
Wet Underpants will in a month or a year be fear - mongering us with more " high probability " talk .
Art Clokey , the creator of the iconic clay figure Gumby , has died in his sleep at his home in California aged 88 .
He had battled repeated bladder infections .
Clokey invented Gumby , the green clay character , in the early 1950s .
He debuted on the The Howdy Doody Show and went on to become the star of his own show , The Adventures Of Gumby .
Gumby and Pokey , his horse friend , became popular figures in the 1960s .
They still remain favourites among many kids , adults and collectors around the world .
Clokey was born Arthur Farrington in Detroit in 1921 , and grew up making mud figures on his grandparents ' Michigan farm .
" He always had this in him , " son Joseph Clokey said .
Another of Clokey 's creations is the 1960s Christian television series Davey And Goliath .
Clokey had said he based Gumby 's sloping head and hair on a picture of his father , who died in a car accident when the filmmaker was just eight years old .
Clokey was later adopted by music teacher and composer Joseph W Clokey , who taught him the arts and took his new son on adventures in Mexico and Canada .
Joseph Clokey told the LA Times that those journeys and Clokey 's love of fossil hunting helped inspire Gumby 's own adventures .
The lovable character saw renewed popularity in the 1980s after comedian Eddie Murphy mimicked Gumby as a gruff cigar - smoking character for Saturday Night Live .
- Reuters
Multibillion - pound programme will go to all 26 m homes in UK and lay the foundations for a ' smart grid ' – but who will pay ?
The government unveiled its vision of hi-tech homes last night with " smart " meters acting as a cornerstone of a more efficient , greener electricity grid system .
British Gas and other power suppliers have been given responsibility for installing meters in each of Britain 's 26 m homes by 2020 , enabling them to read consumption levels remotely and end the use of estimated bills .
The gadgets would also allow homeowners to monitor their own gas and electricity usage – and production if they have solar panels or wind turbines .
However , a row over the £ 8.5 bn outlay for smart meters threatened to overshadow the announcement with critics warning that the energy companies might pocket the benefits .
The Department of Energy and Climate change ( DECC ) said the cost of the scheme would be dwarfed by the £ 14.5 bn of expected savings as power companies reduce administrative costs and consumers benefit from lower bills .
Lord Hunt , the energy minister , said the international talks in Copenhagen next week on climate change underlined the importance of cutting carbon by changing lifestyles and energy usage .
A smart meter on trial earlier this year .
Photograph : Christopher Thomond
" Smart meters will put power in people 's hands , enabling us all to control how much energy we use , cut emissions and cut bills .
Smart grids will help manage the massive shift to low carbon electricity such as wind , nuclear and clean fossil fuels , " he said .
The smarter grid , outlined in a new DECC discussion document , entitled Smarter Grids :
The Opportunity , sees new IT systems being used to provide much more information on demand flows and allow intermittent power , from wind , or inflexible power from nuclear , to be more easily integrated into Britain 's wider electricity system .
The plans were welcomed by power companies and industry bodies .
But consumer groups and energy consultants raised concerns that the smart meter rollout was being put in the hands of a sector that was already under fire for high charges and allegedly not passing on previous benefits to customers .
" We 're concerned that consumers could be saddled with the entire multibillion pound bill for a project that 's going to save the industry hundreds of millions of pounds a year , " said Martyn Hocking , editor of Which ?
magazine .
Energy consultant , McKinnon and Clarke , also raised fears .
" We are concerned that this is another example of smoke and mirrors by the energy industry who are clutching at straws to create a positive story , when the real scandal is that they are making a profit of approaching £ 200 on every home in the country , " said analyst David Hunter .
But British
Gas promised that savings from smart meters would be passed on to its customers and said there were good reasons for assuming that the 2 % of energy - savings predicted by the government would turn out to be a major underestimate .
Petter Allison , director of smart metering at British Gas , said a company from Baltimore , in the United States , presenting at a conference in London was boasting of customers energy use was down by 20 % per annum .
It further argued that the roll - out of smart meters would create 2,600 jobs in the company by 2012 , including 2,100 experts in the field , 400 support staff and 100 managerial jobs .
President Barack Obama announces economic initiatives for struggling middle class families , Monday , Jan. 25 , 2010 .
Obama to propose spending freeze
President Obama plans to announce a three - year freeze on discretionary , “ non-security ” spending in the lead - up to Wednesday 's State of the Union address , Hill Democratic sources familiar with the plan tell POLITICO .
The move , intended to blunt the populist backlash against Obama 's $ 787 billion stimulus and an era of trillion - dollar deficits — and to quell Democratic anxiety over last Tuesday 's Massachusetts Senate election — is projected to save $ 250 billion , the Democrats said .
Advertisement
The freeze would not apply to defense or foreign aid or spending on intelligence , homeland security or veterans .
News of the proposal came as the Congressional Budget Office is slated to release new deficit estimates Tuesday morning , and when the Senate will also vote on a proposed bipartisan task force empowered to force votes after November ’s elections on proposals to rein in the growing federal debt .
It ’s been know for weeks that Obama was considering some type of freeze on 2011 domestic spending but the proposal now would go further by covering three years or the remainder of the president ’s first term .
After healthy spending increases in 2009 and 2010 , agencies will have some flexibility at first .
One - time costs , like the 2010 Census , will also be coming down , and this could help pay for more money for NASA , for example .
But education and science investments could well be squeezed over the long term and this poses tough choices for Democrats at a time when the party wants to foster job creation .
Fiscal conservatives are likely to be pleased .
Sen. Evan Bayh ( D - Ind. ) , a fiscal hawk , told Bloomberg 's Al Hunt last week that there was a “ fighting chance ” Obama would propose a freeze in most discretionary spending by the federal government as part of his address .
“ The president can say in this State of the Union address , ‘ I ’m going to include in my budget a freeze on discretionary spending , I ’m drawing a line in the sand , and I ’m going to use my veto pen to enforce that , ’ ” Bayh said in an interview on Bloomberg Television ’s Political Capital with Al Hunt .
Michael Steel , a spokesman for House Minority Leader John Boehner ( R - Ohio ) , was skeptical .
" Given Washington Democrats ’ unprecedented spending binge , this is like announcing you ’re going on a diet after winning a pie-eating contest , " he wrote in an email to POLITICO .
The White House did n't respond to a request for comment .
On Monday , Obama unveiled a series of five proposals intended to help middle - class families , including a near - doubling of the Child and Dependent Care Tax Credit for families making under $ 85,000 a year , creating a system of automatic workplace IRA contributions , and expanding help for families with elderly relatives .
PK Home
JAPAN'S TRAP
Paul Krugman
May 1998
Japan 's economic malaise is first and foremost a problem for Japan itself .
But it also poses problems for others : for troubled Asian economies desperately in need of a locomotive , for Western advocates of free trade whose job is made more difficult by Japanese trade surpluses .
Last and surely least - but not negligibly - Japan poses a problem for economists , because this sort of thing is n't supposed to happen .
Like most macroeconomists who sometimes step outside the ivory tower , I believe that actual business cycles are n't always real business cycles , that some ( most ) recessions happen because of a shortfall in aggregate demand .
I and most others have tended to assume that such shortfalls can be cured simply by printing more money .
Yet Japan now has near - zero short - term interest rates , and the Bank of Japan has lately been expanding its balance sheet at the rate of about 50 % per annum - and the economy is still slumping .
What 's going on ?
There have , of course , been many attempts to explain how Japan has found itself in this depressed and depressing situation , and the government of Japan has been given a lot of free advice on what to do about it .
( A useful summary of the discussion may be found in a set of notes by Nouriel Roubini .
An essay by John Makin seems to be heading for the same conclusion as this paper , but sheers off at the last minute ) .
The great majority of these explanations and recommendations , however , are based on loose analysis at best , purely implicit theorizing at worst .
Japan is depressed , we are told , because of too much corporate debt , or the refusal of banks to face up to their losses , or the overregulation of the service sector , or the aging of its population ; recovery requires tax cuts , or a massive bank reform , or maybe cannot be achieved at all until the economy has painfully purged itself of excess capacity .
Some or all of these propositions may be true ; but it is hard to know unless we have some clear framework for understanding the current predicament .
Economists of a certain age - basically my age and up - do have a theoretical framework of sorts for analyzing the situation : Japan is in the dreaded " liquidity trap " , in which monetary policy becomes ineffective because you can't push interest rates below zero .
The celebrated paper by Hicks ( 1937 ) that introduced the IS - LM model also showed , in the context of that model , how monetary policy might become ineffective under depression conditions .
And for a long time macroeconomists kept the liquidity trap in mind as an important theoretical possibility , if not something one was likely to encounter in practice .
But the IS - LM model , while it continues to be the workhorse of practical policy analysis in macroeconomics , has increasingly been treated by the profession as a sort of embarrassing relative , not fit to be seen in polite intellectual company .
After all , even aside from the dependence of IS - LM analysis on the ad hoc assumption of price inflexibility , that analysis is at best a very rough attempt to squeeze fundamentally intertemporal issues like saving and investment into a static framework ( a point which , incidentally , Hicks noted right at the beginning ) .
As a result , IS - LM has been hidden away in the back pages of macroeconomic textbooks , given as little space as possible ; and curiosa like the liquidity trap have been all but forgotten .
But here we are with what surely looks a lot like a liquidity trap in the world 's second - largest economy .
How could that have happened ?
What does it say about policy ?
For in a way the criticisms of IS - LM are right : it is too ad hoc , too close to assuming its conclusions to give us the kind of guidance we want .
Indeed , many economists probably have doubts about whether anything like a liquidity trap is actually possible in a model with better microfoundations .
The purpose of this paper is to show that the liquidity trap is a real issue - that in a model that dots its microeconomic i's and crosses its intertemporal t's something that is very much like the Hicksian liquidity trap can indeed arise .
Moreover , the conditions under which that trap emerges correspond , in at least a rough way , to some features of the real Japanese economy .
To preview the conclusions briefly : in a country with poor long - run growth prospects - for example , because of unfavorable demographic trends - the short - term real interest rate that would be needed to match saving and investment may well be negative ; since nominal interest rates cannot be negative , the country therefore " needs " expected inflation .
If prices were perfectly flexible , the economy would get the inflation it needs , regardless of monetary policy - if necessary by deflating now so that prices can rise in the future .
But if current prices are not downwardly flexible , and the public expects price stability in the long run , the economy cannot get the expected inflation it needs ; and in that situation the economy finds itself in a slump against which short - run monetary expansion , no matter how large , is ineffective .
If this stylized analysis bears any resemblance to the real problem facing Japan , the policy implications are radical .
Structural reforms that raise the long - run growth rate ( or relax non-price credit constraints ) might alleviate the problem ; so might deficit - financed government spending .
But the simplest way out of the slump is to give the economy the inflationary expectations it needs .
This means that the central bank must make a credible commitment to engage in what would in other contexts be regarded as irresponsible monetary policy - that is , convince the private sector that it will not reverse its current monetary expansion when prices begin to rise !
This paper is in six parts .
It begins by describing an extremely stylized full - employment model of money , interest , and prices , a simplified version of Lucas ( 1982 ) .
The next section shows that while under normal circumstances prices in this model are proportional to the money supply , even when prices are perfectly flexible there is a maximum rate of deflation that cannot be exceeded no matter what the central bank does .
And this maximum rate of deflation can be negative - that is , under certain well - defined circumstances the economy needs inflation , and with flexible prices will get it regardless of monetary policy .
The third part introduces short - run price inflexibility , and shows that when an economy " needs " inflation , temporary monetary expansion - defined as expansion that does not raise the long - run price level - is completely ineffectual at increasing output .
It is in this sense that an economy can indeed suffer from a liquidity trap .
The fourth part then argues that making the analysis a bit less stylized - introducing investment and international trade - does not alter the basic conclusions : neither investment nor even the possibility of exporting excess savings to other countries necessarily eliminate the possibility of a liquidity trap .
The fifth section argues that despite the highly stylized nature of the analysis , it does shed considerable light on Japan 's quandary .
Finally , the last part considers policy implications , especially the apparent implication that Japan may need to adopt more inflationary policies than any responsible person is now willing to propose .
1. Output , money , interest , and prices
The purpose of this paper is to demonstrate possibilities and clarify thinking , rather than to be realistic .
So I will concentrate on the simplest possible fully - consistent model that establishes relationships among the four main macroeconomic aggregates : output , the money supply , the interest rate , and the price level .
In this model individuals are identical and live forever , so that there are no realistic complications involving distribution within or between generations ; output is simply given ( i.e. , it is an endowment economy - an assumption I will relax later ) ; and the demand for money arises purely from a " cash - in - advance " assumption : people are required to pay cash for goods .
Individuals are assumed to maximize their expected utility over an infinite horizon ; while the particular form of the utility function is not important , for convenience I make it logarithmic , so that individuals maximize
U = ln(c 1 ) + D ln(c 2 ) + D2 ln(c 3 ) + ...
where c t is consumption in period t , and D < 1 is a discount factor .
In each period individuals receive an endowment y t .
While I will think of this as a one - good economy , individuals cannot simply consume their own endowment : they must buy their consumption from someone else .
The purchase of goods requires cash .
At the beginning of each period there is a capital market , at which individuals can trade cash for one - period bonds , with a nominal interest rate i t .
Their consumption during the period is then constrained by the cash with which they emerge from this trading : the nominal value of consumption , P t c t , cannot exceed money holdings M t .
After the capital market is held , each individual purchases his desired consumption , while receiving cash from the sale of his own endowment .
There may also be a transfer - positive or negative ( a lump - sum tax ) - from the government .
Finally , money is created or destroyed by the government via open market operations each period - that is , the government enters into the capital market and buys or sells bonds .
The government also makes transfers or collects taxes ( no government consumption at this point ) , and must obey its own intertemporal budget constraint , which takes into account any seignorage that may result from increases in the money supply over time .
Analyzing this model in general requires a careful specification of the budget constraints of both individuals and the government , and of intertemporal choices .
However , if we make some simplifying assumptions the model 's implications can be derived with almost no algebra .
Let us assume that from the second period onwards output ( and therefore also consumption ) will remain constant at a level y* , and that the government will also hold the money supply constant at a level M* .
Then we can immediately guess at the solution from period 2 on : the price level will remain constant at P* = M*/y* , and the interest rate will also be constant at a rate i* = ( 1 - D ) / D.
It is straightforward to confirm that this is indeed an equilibrium : one plus the real interest rate equals the ratio of marginal utility in any two successive periods ; because the nominal interest rate is positive individuals have an incentive to acquire only as much cash as they need , so all money will indeed be spent on consumption .
All the action , then , goes into determining the price level and interest rate in the first period .
Let us use un-subscripted letters to represent first - period output , consumption , interest rate , etc . .
Our first relationship comes from the monetary side .
Under normal circumstances - that is , when the nominal interest rate is positive - individuals will hold no more cash than they need to make their consumption purchases .
So the cash - in - advance constraint will be binding :
Pc = Py = M , so that P = M/y
So under normal circumstances there is a simple proportional relationship between the money supply and the price level .
The second relationship comes from intertemporal choice .
By holding one less yen in period 1 , an individual gives up 1 / P units of first - period consumption but allows himself to consume ( 1+i ) / P* additional units in period 2 .
At an optimum this change must leave him indifferent .
But the marginal utility of consumption in period 1 , given the assumed utility function , is 1 / c ; the marginal utility in 2 is D/ c* .
It follows that we must have
c/c* = D - 1 ( P*/ P ) / ( 1+i )
or
1+i = D - 1 ( c*/c ) ( P*/P )
or , finally , since consumption must equal output in each period ,
1+i = D - 1 ( y */y ) ( P*/P )
This says that the higher is the current price level , the lower the nominal interest rate .
The easiest way to think about this is to say that there is an equilibrium real interest rate , D - 1 ( y * /y ) - 1 , which the economy will deliver whatever the behavior of nominal prices .
Meanwhile , since the future price level P* is assumed held fixed , any rise in the current level creates expected deflation ; hence higher P means lower i .
The two relationships are shown in Figure 1 as MM and CC respectively ; as drawn , they intersect at point 1 , simultaneously determining the interest rate and the price level .
It is also immediately apparent that an increase in the first - period money supply will shift MM to the right , leading to a higher price level and a lower nominal ( but not real ) interest rate .
Figure 1
While this is surely the normal case , however , there is also another possibility , to which we now turn .
2 . When money becomes irrelevant
Suppose that you start with an economy in the equilibrium described by point 1 in Figure 1 , and then imagine an initial open - market operation that increases the first - period money supply .
( Throughout we imagine that the money supply from period 2 onwards remains unchanged - or equivalently that the central bank will do whatever is necessary to keep the post - 2 price level stable ) .
Initially , as we have already seen , this operation will increase the price level and reduce the interest rate .
And such a monetary expansion can clearly drive the economy down the CC curve as far as point 2 in Figure 1 .
But what happens if the money supply is increased still further - so that the intersection of MM and CC is at a point like 3 , with a negative nominal interest rate ?
The answer is clearly that the interest rate cannot go negative , because then money would dominate bonds as an asset .
What must therefore happen is that any increase in the money supply beyond the level that would push the interest rate to zero is simply substituted for zero- interest bonds in individual portfolios ( with the bonds being purchased by the central bank in its open - market operation ! ) , with no further effect on either the price level or the interest rate .
Because spending is no longer constrained by money , the MM curve becomes irrelevant ; the economy stays at point 2 , no matter how large the money supply may be .
It is probably worth emphasizing here that the interest rate at point 2 is zero only on one - period bonds ; it would not be zero on longer - term bonds , such as consols .
This is important if one is trying to map the model onto the current situation in Japan , or for that matter the United States during the 1930s : long rates in Japan are positive , but short - term rates are indeed very close to zero .
A good way to think about what happens when money becomes irrelevant here is to bear in mind that we are holding the long - run money supply fixed at M* , and therefore also the long - run price level at P* .
So when the central bank increases the current money supply , it is lowering the expected rate of money growth M*/M , and also - if it does succeed in raising the price level - the expected rate of inflation P* / P .
Now what we know is that in this full employment model the economy will have the same real interest rate whatever the central bank does .
Since the nominal interest rate cannot become negative , however , the economy has a minimum rate of inflation or maximum rate of deflation .
Now suppose that the central bank in effect tries to impose a rate of deflation that exceeds this minimum - which it does by making the current money supply M large relative to the future supply M*.
What will happen is that the economy will simply cease to be cash - constrained , and any excess money will have no effect : the rate of deflation will be the maximum consistent with a zero nominal rate , and no more .
Now this may seem a silly thought experiment .
Why would a central bank try to impose massive deflation ?
But the maximum rate of deflation need not be large , or even positive !
Suppose that the required real rate of interest is negative ; then the economy " needs " inflation , and an attempt by the central bank to achieve price stability will lead to a zero nominal interest rate , and excess cash holdings .
The condition under which the required real interest rate is negative is straightforward in this simple endowment economy .
Market - clearing will require a negative real interest rate if the marginal utility of consumption in period 2 is greater than that of consumption in period 1 , which will be the case if the economy 's future output is expected to be sufficiently less than its current output .
Specifically , given the assumed utility function , the required real interest rate is negative if
y /y* > 1/D
This condition may seem peculiar .
After all , we normally think of economies as growing rather than shrinking !
However , I will argue later that there are some real - world conditions under which the idea of declining endowment does not seem all that unreasonable - and that these conditions are fulfilled in Japan .
Of course , in a flexible - price economy even the necessity of a negative real interest rate does not cause unemployment .
This conclusion may surprise those few readers who recall the tortured historical debate about the liquidity trap , much of which focussed on the question of whether wage and price flexibility were effective as a way of restoring full employment .
In this model the problem does not arise - but the reason is a bit peculiar .
What happens is that the economy deflates now in order to provide inflation later .
That is , if the current money supply is so large compared with the future supply that the nominal rate is zero , but the real rate needs to be negative , P falls below P* ; the public then expects the price level to rise , and this provides the necessary negative real interest rate .
And to repeat , this fall in the price occurs regardless of the current money supply , because any excess money will simply be hoarded without adding to spending .
At this point we have something that is sort of like a liquidity trap : money becomes irrelevant at the margin .
But aside from frustrating the central bank - which may have a thing about price stability , but finds itself presiding over inflation no matter what it does - this trap has no adverse real consequences .
To turn this analysis into a real problem , in both senses , we need to introduce some kind of nominal rigidity .
3 . The liquidity trap
Suppose , now , that the consumption good is produced rather than simply appearing , with a maximum productive capacity yf in period 1 .
And suppose , also , that this productive capacity need not be fully employed .
In particular , I will simply assume that the price level in period 1 is predetermined - so that the economy now acquires a Keynesian feel , and monetary policy can affect output .
( In period 2 and subsequently output will still be assumed to take on the value y* ) .
In this sticky - price world the level of period - 1 consumption and output must still be equal , but now output adjusts to consumption rather than the other way around .
Given the utility function , and the assumption that consumption will be y* in period 2 , we can immediately write an expression for current real consumption , which becomes the " IS curve " determining real output :
c = y = D - 1 y* ( P* / P ) ( 1+i ) -
1
Figure 2 illustrates the joint determination of the interest rate and output in this case .
The curve IS , as just indicated , shows how output will be determined by consumption demand , which is decreasing in the interest rate .
Meanwhile , as long as the nominal interest rate is positive , the cash - in - advance constraint will be binding , so we will have the MM curve
y = M / P
Figure 2
Increasing the money supply can now increase output , up to a point - specifically , up to point 2 .
But what if productive capacity is at a point like 3 ?
Then the same argument as in the previous section applies : since the nominal interest rate cannot go negative , any increase in money beyond the level that drives the rate to zero will simply be substituted for bonds , with no effect on spending .
And therefore no open - market operation , no matter how large , can get the economy to full employment .
In short , the economy is in a classic liquidity trap .
Under what conditions will a liquidity trap occur ?
One possibility is that P is high compared with P* - that people expect deflation , so that even a zero nominal rate is a high real rate .
The other possibility , however , is that even if prices are expected to be stable , yf is high compared with the future - or to put it differently , peoples ' expected future real income is low compared with the amount of consumption needed to use today 's capacity .
In that case , to persuade people to spend enough now may require a negative real interest rate , and with downwardly inflexible prices that may not be possible .
Or to put it yet another way , one that is closer to the language of applied macroeconomics : if people have low expectations about their future incomes , then even with a zero interest rate they may want to save more than the economy can absorb .
( In this case , of course , the economy cannot absorb any savings - but I will come to that point below ) .
And in that case , no matter what the central bank does with the current money supply , it cannot reflate the economy sufficiently to restore full employment .
So we have now seen that a fully specified model , which does not fudge either the role of money or the necessity of making intertemporal choices , can indeed generate a liquidity trap .
4. Investment at home and abroad
A liquidity trap can happen in a very simple economy - one in which there is no investment , and therefore no way for consumers in the aggregate to make tradeoffs between present and future .
But can it still happen once we allow some way to use current production to buy future consumption - either by investing at home or acquiring assets abroad ?
At first sight it might seem that allowing for investment and / or foreign trade should make nonsense of the idea that an economy needs a negative real interest rate to generate adequate demand .
After all , even with diminishing returns the marginal product of capital is surely always positive ; and one can always run a trade surplus , using the proceeds to buy foreign assets with a positive real return .
Does this eliminate the liquidity trap as an interesting possibility ?
To build a fully specified model with investment would require a longer and more elaborate paper .
However , it is fairly straightforward to see that if we have a " Tobin's q " model of investment , in which periods of high investment are associated with a high real price of assets , a positive marginal product of capital is no guarantee that individuals face a positive real rate of return .
To see why , suppose that for whatever reason consumers right now want to save a large fraction of their income .
In order to persuade firms to invest that much , q must be high .
But in the future , when consumers want to save less , q will be lower .
Now while an investor who buys capital now will collect any rents on the capital - which will be positive as long as the marginal product of capital is positive - he must also take into account the prospective real capital loss as q declines from its current high level to a more normal level .
As a result , to get the level of investment needed to absorb temporarily very high savings might require that investors be prepared to accept a negative real rate of return , and hence that the real interest rate be negative .
A basically similar argument applies to attempts to export savings , by investing abroad .
If there are nontraded goods , export of capital will normally be associated with a depreciation in the real exchange rate , that is , a decline in the domestic price level compared with the foreign even when measured in a common currency .
So if a country needs to export a lot of capital now , to be repatriated later , it will from its own point of view be buying foreign assets high , selling them low .
Even though the real return in terms of foreign goods is certainly positive , the real return in terms of domestic consumption could well be negative .
Both of these points may be somewhat clearer if we try to think roughly of what they might mean in Japan 's case .
Suppose that we postulate that even at a zero real interest rate Japanese consumers insist on saving a great deal right now , but will probably save much less at some future date .
To induce domestic firms to invest all those savings now would require a very high price of capital in place - say , a very high P/E ratio on Japanese stocks .
But even a zero real interest rate might not be enough to get that P/E ratio , because stock prices would be limited by the expectation of an eventual fall .
Similarly , to generate a trade surplus large enough to export all the savings would require a very weak real yen .
Yet even a zero real interest rate ( compared with positive rates abroad ) might not generate sufficient depreciation , because the prospect of eventual appreciation would support the currency now .
So allowing for investment at home and abroad , while it may make a liquidity trap somewhat less plausible , does not make it impossible .
5 . Is Japan in a liquidity trap ?
Up to this point , I have tried to demonstrate that the idea of a liquidity trap , although originally arising in the context of a pseudo - static model , can be given a dynamically consistent interpretation .
But just because something is possible does not mean that it is relevant .
Do we really think that Japan is in a liquidity trap - and if it is , how did it get there ?
An economy is in a liquidity trap if aggregate demand consistently falls short of productive capacity despite essentially zero short - term nominal interest rates .
Japan certainly more or less meets the interest - rate criterion : at the time of writing the overnight money - market rate was 0.37 percent .
The economy also certainly seems to be operating well below capacity .
True , the OECD and IMF estimates of output gap are surprisingly modest , given the economy 's lack of real growth since 1991 .
However , those numbers are based not on economic analysis but on a smoothing procedure that automatically builds any sustained slump into the estimated trend in potential output ( using the same procedure on the United States in the 1930s finds the economy at full capacity by 1935 ) .
If one uses even a conservative estimate of Japanese potential growth since 1990 - say , 2 percent - the economy now appears to be in a very deep slump indeed .
If Japan is in a liquidity trap , however , why ?
In the model of sections 1 - 3 , a liquidity trap will arise only if future productive capacity is actually lower than current capacity .
Before loosening that constraint , we can ask why one might expect Japan 's future capacity to be relatively low compared with today's .
And the obvious answer is demography : Japan 's combination of declining birth rate and lack of immigration apparently means a shrinking rather than growing labor force over the next several decades .
In the absence of productivity growth , potential output , say , 15 or 20 years out - y* in the model - could actually be below current capacity .
Moreover , the labor force will drop faster than the population , because of shifting composition , so it is substantially easier to make the case that per capita productive capacity might actually be lower at some future date than it is today .
The case that a negative real interest rate is necessary can be strengthened if we allow for heterogeneity among individuals plus imperfect capital markets .
Suppose that at any given time some people expect their future income to be higher than their current income , others expect it to be lower .
In a perfect capital market those who expect their income to rise would tend to engage in dissaving .
But suppose that this is difficult - that consumption loans are hard to come by .
Then those who expect their income to rise will not contribute as much to the demand for funds as those who expect it to fall contribute to the supply , and the equilibrium real interest rate will be lower than it would have been in a more efficient capital market .
Notice that we need not argue that Japanese capital markets are especially inefficient : this can be viewed simply as a reason why aggregate capacity need not actually be falling to require a negative real interest rate .
But it is also true that at least some Japanese institutional pecularities - the relatively small use of credit cards , the high downpayments required on expensive houses ( see Ito 1992 ) may contribute to the problem .
Moving outside the formal model , the prospects for a liquidity trap also depend on investment demand .
Here demography again comes into play : the prospective decline in the labor force reduces the expected return on investments .
And institutional problems , such as the troubles of the banking system , may also lead to some credit rationing that deters investment .
And to the extent that firms are financially constrained by the debt run up in the past , they may be unable to invest as much as they otherwise would .
On the whole , while it is quite easy to make the case that Japan really is in a liquidity trap , it is much harder to give a convincing explanation of why .
Demography seems to be the leading candidate ; other " structural " reasons that are widely cited , while they do amount to an impressive litany of sins , do not necessarily explain why demand should be inadequate , as opposed to simply causing garden - variety microeconomic inefficiency .
This lack of a clear link between the structural issues and the proximate problem has some important policy implications , as we will soon see .
6 . What is to be done ?
Japan is an economy that is almost certainly producing well below its productive capacity - that is , the immediate problem facing Japan is one of demand , not supply .
And it gives every appearance of being in a liquidity trap - that is , conventional monetary policy appears to have been pushed to its limits , yet the economy remains depressed .
What can be done ?
There seem to be three main answers : structural reform , fiscal expansion , and unconventional monetary policy .
Let us consider each in turn .
Structural reform : Everyone agrees that Japan needs structural reform : it needs to clean up its banks , deregulate its service sector , reform its corporate accounting , and so on .
But while such measures will increase the economy 's microeconomic efficiency , will they help it recover ?
Bear in mind the trap shown in Figure 2 : policy moves that increase yf , that is , which push point 3 to the right , do the economy no good if it is stuck at point 2 in any case .
Measures that raise Japan 's supply capacity but leave demand where it is will not help the situation ; indeed , if unemployment rises as a result of increased efficiency the country might actually be worse off .
To be helpful in the current situation , structural reform must somehow induce people to spend more .
It is possible to imagine several ways in which this might happen .
A reformed financial sector might be able to lend to people and firms that are now credit - constrained .
Deregulation might create new investment opportunities , raising investment demand .
And conceivably reform might raise expectations of future income , encouraging higher spending now .
The striking thing about discussion of structural reform , however , is that when one poses the question " How will this increase demand ? " - as opposed to supply - the answers are actually quite vague .
I at least am far from sure that the kinds of structural reform being urged on Japan will increase demand at all , and see no reason to believe that even radical reform would be enough to jolt the economy out of its current trap .
Fiscal policy :
The classic Keynesian view of the liquidity trap is , of course , that it demonstrates that under some circumstances monetary policy is impotent , and that in such cases fiscal pump - priming is the only answer .
The framework here is rather different in its implications for monetary policy , but it does suggest that fiscal expansion could work .
Obviously the model is subject to Ricardian equivalence , so that tax cuts would have no effect .
But government purchases of goods and services in the first period , while they would be partly offset by a reduction in private consumption expenditures , could indeed increase demand and output .
While this policy could work , however , is it the right one for Japan ?
Japan has already engaged in extensive public works spending in an unsuccessful attempt to stimulate its economy .
Much of this spending has been notoriously unproductive : bridges more or less to nowhere , airports few people use , etc. .
True , since the economy is demand - rather than supply - constrained even wasteful spending is better than none .
But there is a government fiscal constraint , even if Japan has probably been too ready to use it as an excuse .
And anyway , is it really true that it is impossible to use the economy 's resources to produce things people actually want ?
Monetary policy :
It may seem strange to return to monetary policy as an option .
After all , have n't we just seen that it is ineffective ?
But it is important to realize that the monetary thought experiments we have performed have a special characteristic : they all involve only temporary changes in the money supply .
This point needs enlarging upon .
Because the traditional IS - LM framework is a static one , it cannot make any distinction between temporary and permanent policy changes .
And partly as a result , it seems to indicate that a liquidity trap is something that can last indefinitely .
But the framework here , rudimentary as it is , suggests a quite different view .
In the flexible - price version of the model , even when money and bonds turn out to be perfect substitutes in period 1 , money is still neutral - that is , an equiproportional increase in the money supply in all periods will still raise prices in the same proportion .
So what would a permanent increase in the money supply do in the case where prices are predetermined in period 1 ?
Even if the economy is in a liquidity trap in the sense that the nominal interest rate is stuck at zero , the monetary expansion would raise the expected future price level P* , and hence reduce the real interest rate .
A permanent as opposed to temporary monetary expansion would , in other words , be effective - because it would cause expectations of inflation .
Let us now bring this discussion back to earth , and to Japan in particular .
Of course the Bank of Japan does not announce whether its changes in the monetary base are permanent or temporary .
But we may argue that private actors view its actions as temporary , because they believe that the central bank is committed to price stability as a long - run goal .
And that is why monetary policy is ineffective !
Japan has been unable to get its economy moving precisely because the market regards the central bank as being responsible , and expects it to rein in the money supply if the price level starts to rise .
The way to make monetary policy effective , then , is for the central bank to credibly promise to be irresponsible - to make a persuasive case that it will permit inflation to occur , thereby producing the negative real interest rates the economy needs .
This sounds funny as well as perverse .
Bear in mind , however , that the basic premise - that even a zero nominal interest rate is not enough to produce sufficient aggregate demand - is not hypothetical : it is a simple fact about Japan right now .
Unless one can make a convincing case that structural reform or fiscal expansion will provide the necessary demand , the only way to expand the economy is to reduce the real interest rate ; and the only way to do that is to create expectations of inflation .
Of course , it is not necessary that Japan do anything .
In the quasi-static IS - LM version of the liquidity trap , it appears as if the slump could go on forever .
A dynamic analysis makes it clear that it is a temporary phenomenon - in the model it only lasts one period , although the length of a " period " is unclear ( it could be three years , or it could be 20 ) .
Even without any policy action , price adjustment or spontaneous structural change will eventually solve the problem .
In the long run Japan will work its way out of the trap , whatever the policy response .
But on the other hand , in the long run ...
REFERENCES
Hicks , J.R. ( 1937 ) , " Mr. Keynes and the classics " , Econometrica .
Ito , Takatoshi ( 1992 ) , The Japanese Economy , Cambridge : MIT Press .
Lucas , R. ( 1982 ) , " Interest rates and asset prices in a two - currency world " , Journal of Monetary Economics 22 , 3 - 42 .
By Dale T. McKinley
January 11 , 2010 -- SACIS --
Even if the meanings we give to measurements of time are most often overblown , there is something about the mark of a new decade .
In the case of South Africa , 1990 marked the beginning of the end of the apartheid system , ushering in a period pregnant with new hopes , possibilities and dreams .
When 2000 rolled around it heralded not only a once in a lifetime turn of a century but carried with it the delayed weight of the majority expectation of an age of progress and plenty .
So what are our " inheritances " as we begin the new decade ?
Where do things stand ?
What is the mark of 2010 ?
No doubt , the most obvious and widespread association with 2010 in South Africa is the upcoming soccer World Cup .
The amount of work , money , media coverage and public propaganda expended in the last few years on this month - long event is unparalleled in our short post - apartheid history .
Indeed , the sporting showpiece is being presented as South Africa ’s defining moment , the crowning glory of the political , social and economic standing of a nation , confirmation that South Africa is on the right path and has " arrived " as a " world class " country .
Anything to the contrary is to be seen and treated as unpatriotic , negative and inherently treasonous ( " counter - revolutionary " ca n’t be far away ... ) .
But there is something seriously distorted about the dominant picture that has been painted .
If a government that has spent billions to build new stadiums and other infrastructure mostly designed to service tourists and a small domestic minority cannot ensure that school kids in the most needy of communities have decent soccer facilities and equipment , or that meaningful development programs are in place for players in those communities where soccer is one of the most basic forms of social relations and recreational activity , then it should be clear that priorities have gone horribly wrong .
When politicians , corporate mandarins and most of the media try to outdo each other in glossing over ( and in many cases , practically hide , rationalise and deny ) the " dirty " realities of South Africa ’s grinding poverty , homelessness and mass inequality in the rush to join the elitist imaging , self - interested short - term palliatives and profit - gouging of the FIFA mafia , we should know that the picture is a fake .
The soccer World Cup is , however , simply South Africa ’s " gorilla in the room " metaphor for what Uruguayan writer Eduardo Galeano so ingeniously describes as our “ upside down ” world .
It is a world where “ lead learns to float , cork to sink , snakes to fly and clouds drag themselves along the ground ” .
Like the politically convenient and elitist " forgiving " of apartheid - era politicians and generals clearly guilty of crimes against humanity , the fact that South Africa is the most unequal society in the world has already been swept under the carpet less than a few months after it was once again statistically reconfirmed .
The frenzied capital accumulation of the last decade that has produced more South African multimillionaires per capita than any other country in the " developing " world is celebrated as a sign of national pride and developmental maturity .
Meanwhile , the complementary fact of ever - increasing unemployment and record inequality is fiercely contested and made to appear as either a necessary ( systemic ) aberration or as an " Afro- pessimist " and racist plot to discredit the government and the nation .
When it comes to basic needs / services for the majority , things are certainly not as they appear .
We continue to be regaled with exaggerated claims of delivery around things such as electricity , water and housing but are told nothing about the sustainability and affordability of such deliverables for that majority .
No surprise then that the recent revelation that South Africa 's electricty utility Eskom is charging high - end industrial consumers of electricity less than a third of what low - income residential consumers pay per KwH received scarcely a comment from those in positions of power and privilege .
Similarly , the Constitutional Court judgment in late 2009 , which effectively ruled that the enjoyment of the most basic need of life -- water -- should be determined by one 's ability to pay , was widely hailed as progressive and humane .
In other words , if you are rich and use large amounts of a basic need / service you are affirmed and encouraged .
Bad luck to everyone else , just grin and bear it .
What of the application of the law when it comes to that most practically ubiquitous but conceptually manipulated of 21st century South African " problems " , crime ?
Collude with your fellow corporates over several years to fix the price of some of the most basic food staples ( read : stealing from those least able to afford it ) and your punishment is a minimal fine and some mild public scolding .
Get caught stealing a loaf of bread from a grocery store and you ’ll most likely to end up sitting in a jail cell for months before being criminally convicted of theft .
Get arrested for rape and your bail will hardly ever exceed R2000 .
Engage in " public violence " while being a part of a community demonstration against local corruption and non-delivery of services and you can expect outrageously high and strict bail conditions .
Things are even more upside down in the realm of leadership , work and personal responsibility .
Here in South Africa , and this applies equally to the public and private sectors , dishonesty and incompetence are either rewarded or simply ignored and replicated .
With a few exceptions , those who expose and confront the truth , who raise the alarm and who try to uphold collective , social as well as personal accountability are punished , marginalised , labelled and made to feel like outcast spoilers who do not belong .
It is as if basic honesty and human decency have come to be seen as just another set of commodities , whose realisation only has meaning and application in the context of a self - beneficial application or transaction .
When lying , cheating and conscious ineptitude not only become standard " governance " practice ( whatever the " sector " ) but widely accepted within the social and economic sinews that hold societal institutions and life together , we are in deep crisis .
So , is 2010 and the new decade it heralds already a " lost " cause ?
Not quite .
Upside - down worlds tend to create and incubate a great deal of disorientation and disillusion , precisely the kind of societal " attributes " that those who are on top seek to feed and sustain .
Fortunately , despite the various semantic nomenclature created and sustained -– in speeches , in education , in advertisements , in political debates et al. -- to deflect and obscure social dysfunction , to colonise and / or distort the real meaning of words and to excoriate the unwanted / uncomfortable , reality , like pap at the bottom of the pot , has a way of always sticking .
There is no law , no social norm , no impenetrable barrier that prevents us from changing that reality as opposed to suffering it .
[ Dale T. McKinley is an independent writer , researcher , lecturer and political activist based in Johannesburg .
This article first appeared at the website of the South African Civil Society Information Service and posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with the author 's permission . ]
Shares
Imagine if we could save lives from a dread and often fatal disease simply by performing a minor surgical procedure .
People would hail this simple victory and rush to adopt it …
Not exactly .
The disease is HIV and the simple surgical procedure is circumcision and anti-circ activists oppose it under almost any circumstances .
In this month ’s edition of the Archives of Pediatrics and Adolescent Medicine , Tobian , Gray and Quinn present a compelling case for neonatal circumcision .
The paper is entitled Male Circumcision for the Prevention of Acquisition and Transmission of Sexually Transmitted Infections .
The authors report :
The American Academy of Pediatrics ( AAP ) male circumcision policy states that while there are potential medical benefits of newborn male circumcision , the data are insufficient to recommend routine neonatal circumcision .
Since 2005 , however , 3 randomized trials have evaluated male circumcision for prevention of sexually transmitted infections .
The trials found that circumcision decreases human immunodeficiency virus acquisition by 53 % to 60 % , herpes simplex virus type 2 acquisition by 28 % to 34 % , and human papillomavirus prevalence by 32 % to 35 % in men .
Among female partners of circumcised men , bacterial vaginosis was reduced by 40 % , and Trichomonas vaginalis infection was reduced by 48 % .
Genital ulcer disease was also reduced among males and their female partners .
These findings are also supported by observational studies conducted in the United States .
The AAP policy has a major impact on neonatal circumcision in the United States .
This review evaluates the recent data that support revision of the AAP policy to fully reflect the evidence of long - term health benefits of male circumcision .
The AAP had long recommended male circumcision for prevention of urinary tract infections in young boys , but backed down in 1999 , partly in response to pressure from anti-circumcision activists .
According to circumcision.org :
Based on a review of medical and psychological literature and our own research and experience , we conclude that circumcision causes serious , generally unrecognized harm and is not advisable .
Anti-circ activists have employed inflammatory language to express their opinion .
Circumcision is “ mutilation ” and parents who choose to circumcise their sons are “ mutilators ” .
But the benefits of circumcision are real and clinically important .
As Tobian , et al. explain :
The biological mechanisms whereby circumcision could reduce viral STIs may be due to anatomic and / or cellular factors .
The foreskin is retracted over the shaft during intercourse and this exposes the preputial mucosa to vaginal and cervical fluids .
61
It has been hypothesized that viral infections may enter the mucosa through microtears in the preputial mucosa .
The moist subpreputial cavity may also provide a favorable environment for viral survival .
The inner mucosa of the foreskin is lightly keratinized compared with the epithelium of the shaft , coronal sulcus , and glans , which may facilitate mucosal access of HIV , HSV - 2 , or HPV .
The mucosa of the foreskin also contains a high density of dendritic ( Langerhans ) cells , macrophages , and CD4 _ T cells , which are all targets of HIV …
Anti-circ activists are convinced that circumcision reduces sexual satisfaction .
Until recently , it was difficult to study that claim because very few men were circumcised after becoming sexually active , making it almost impossible to determine the sensory effect of circumcision .
But recent studies make it clear that sexual satisfaction is not affect by circumcision :
… [ T ] here were no reported differences in sexual satisfaction in the randomized study arms in either the Ugandan or Kenyan male circumcision trials or among men before and after they were circumcised .
In addition , it has been hypothesized that behavioral disinhibition may counteract any protective effects of male circumcision .
However , there was no consistent or substantial evidence of change in sexual behavior after circumcision in the Kenyan or Ugandan randomized controlled trials .
Tobian et al. call on the AAP to revise its policy to reflect the latest scientific evidence :
The World Health Organization / Joint United Nations Program on HIV / AIDS has concluded that “ the research evidence that male circumcision is efficacious in reducing sexual transmission of HIV from women to men is compelling … and has been proven beyond reasonable doubt . ”
In 2007 , the American Urological Association revised their policy to state that “ circumcision should be presented as an option for health benefits . ”
However , the AAP , American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists , and American Medical Association are likely to have the greatest influence on parental decisions and insurance coverage for neonatal circumcision in the United States .
With the mounting evidence that male circumcision decreases viral STIs , genital ulcer disease , and penile inflammatory disorders in men , and bacterial vaginosis , T vaginalis infection , and genital ulcer disease in their female partners , it is time for the AAP policy to fully reflect these current data .
The AAP should heed the authors ’ call .
Children as young as two are to be targeted as part of a new campaign to recruit young people back to the church , the Guardian has learned .
The Church of England is planning its first concerted drive to engage under - 18s after admitting that it is comprehensively failing to connect with children and teenagers .
Proposals will be put before the general synod in February that include a blueprint to set up breakfast , homework and sports clubs in schools as well as working in publicly funded toddler playgroups to spread the Christian word .
A document outlining the proposals , seen by the Guardian , says urgent action is needed to shore up the number of children in church .
" We need to reconsider how we engage with and express God 's love to this generation of children and young people , whoever and wherever they may be , " it says .
Using frank language , it suggests the church is failing young people by being out of touch with their lives .
" The tragedy is that we appear to be failing even those with whom we have already connected .
The challenge is how to creatively offer children and young people encounters with the Christian faith and the person of Jesus Christ , " it says .
It comes as the archbishop of Canterbury , Rowan Williams , prepares to deliver his annual Christmas message .
It is expected that he will speak of his concerns about the commercialisation of Christmas and focus again on the ravages of capitalism following a year of continuing economic turmoil .
The archbishop faces a difficult new year because of a continuing revolt over the ordination of women as bishops , with potentially hundreds of clergy converting to Roman Catholicism in protest over the issue , and the prolonged disintegration of the Anglican communion over gay and lesbian clergy .
Added to this already combustible mix is a papal visit , the first from Benedict XVI .
It will be their most public encounter since the papal decree allowing Anglicans to defect to Rome en masse .
The document , Going for Growth , sets out a plan devised by the Church of England 's education division that promises to make churches more " child - friendly " and to work towards every child – regardless of their faith – having a " life - enhancing encounter with the Christian faith and the person of Jesus Christ " .
It includes :
• An information campaign to supply schools with materials to fulfil their legal duty to conduct a daily act of worship amid reports that many schools have dropped it .
• Creating a new " social , moral , spiritual and cultural curriculum " for further education colleges .
• It identifies environmental campaigns as a key concern of children and says it must do more to act on such issues in order to win them round .
• To work in youth clubs and children 's playcentres to re-establish links outside of church .
The document says : " Contact centres , Sure Start projects , children 's centres and extended schools provisions hold potential for the church to engage with children , young people and families through activities , breakfast and homework clubs , parenting support and sports activities . "
In October Williams announced plans for a major expansion of church schools .
The Church of England already sponsors 27 academies - government - funded but independently run secondaries - and has eight more in the pipeline for 2010 and another 30 under discussion .
Today 's plans suggest the church intends to go beyond schools into the community in an attempt to engage people from an even earlier age .
They will be debated at the general synod , the Anglican governing body , in February .
If backed , the programme will be rolled out nationally .
Keith Porteous Wood , executive director of the National Secular Society , said : " For most people the church is an irrelevance and it is abusing its privilege by intruding into taxpayer - funded secular places in order to recruit the next generation of churchgoers .
Parents should not be forced to have their children endure religious proselytising as a captive audience as the price of receiving public service . "
The Rev Jan Ainsworth , the Church of England 's chief education officer , said there was no compulsion on anyone taking part in a church - run group to become Christian and the emphasis in training would avoid the use of heavy - handed tactics .
" We do not endorse high - pressure techniques , we would not endorse anything that places psychological pressure on someone .
We would endorse ways of interesting children in the Christian faith and the Christian story . "
She said the decline in children attending church was part of wider trends .
" Sundays have changed .
People go shopping or go to football .
If you 're in a split family will you go to church or go to see your dad ?
You 'll go and see your dad .
It 's a different day than it used to be and the impact on the old - fashioned model has been quite serious . "
The church would target all children , not just those in Christian families , she said .
The primary purpose of Going for Growth was " making sure every child does encounter the Christian faith and the Christian story " .
PORT -AU - PRINCE , Haiti 
As the focus on Saturday turned away from Haitians lost to those trying to survive , a sprawling assembly of international officials and aid workers struggled to fix a troubled relief effort after Tuesday ’s devastating earthquake .
While countries and relief agencies showered aid on Haiti , only a small part of it was reaching increasingly desperate Haitians without food , water or shelter .
“ We see all the commotion , but we still have nothing to drink , ” said Joel Querette , 23 , a college student camped out in a park .
“ The trucks are going by . ”
Hunger drove many to swarm places where food was being given out .
Reports of isolated looting and violence intensified as night approached , and there were reports of Haitians streaming out of the capital .
Still , recovery and aid efforts were widening .
And even the distribution problems in the country stemmed in part from good intentions , aid officials said : Countries around the world were responding to Haiti ’s call for help as never before .
And they are flooding the country with supplies and relief workers that its collapsed infrastructure and nonfunctioning government are in no position to handle .
The San Francisco Police Department has quietly fired a veteran inspector - the first officer to be dismissed from the force in more than four years - for a litany of misconduct that included lying about an incident in which Antioch police fired a Taser at her .
Inspector Marvetia " Lynn " Richardson , 42 , was fired after a closed - door hearing of the Police Commission last month , but the panel made no announcement at the time .
City officials confirmed Richardson 's firing in response to inquiries from The Chronicle .
Richardson worked for the department for 15 years , most recently in the fraud unit .
She had been suspended without pay since 2008 , when then - Chief Heather Fong accused her of 11 disciplinary infractions .
Three of the counts stemmed from a June 2007 incident in which an Antioch police officer used a Taser to subdue her in her home on the city 's Mokelumne Drive .
Officers were answering a call about someone making threats at Richardson 's home .
When they arrived , Richardson allegedly ordered them to leave , became belligerent and refused commands to show her hands , prompting the officers to use the Taser , according to the department 's charges .
She also refused to sign a citation for allegedly resisting arrest .
In November 2008 , Richardson sued the Antioch police chief , the officers involved and the city , saying they had violated her civil rights by using the Taser wrongfully .
The case is scheduled to go to trial in federal court in San Francisco this fall .
Before she filed her suit , however , San Francisco police officials concluded Richardson had lied about the incident in explaining it to the department 's internal affairs unit .
Richardson , they said , told internal investigators that Antioch officers had never warned her they were intending to fire the Taser .
They said an audio recording made by officers on the scene contradicted her story .
The department also accused her of misusing the police records system in 2007 to track down and send a letter to a woman , telling her that her husband was cheating on her .
Richardson apparently was interested romantically in the woman with whom the husband was having the affair , according to the disciplinary charges .
The husband intercepted the letter and filed a complaint with the city .
Other charges alleged that Richardson had negligently cashed several stolen checks given to her by her tenant as rent , amounting to a total of nearly $ 26,000 .
The tenant stole the checks from his parents , according to the charges .
Richardson said she did not know the checks were stolen , but the department maintained that as a fraud investigator she should not have accepted checks from a third party .
Richardson was also accused of sick time abuse .
She allegedly called in sick 29 times over the course of a year but failed to file paperwork that would ensure the time off was recorded as sick leave .
Quinton Cutlip , an attorney for Richardson , has argued that some of the charges were unfounded and others were lodged too late to comply with the one - year statute of limitations for disciplinary cases .
He did not return calls last week seeking comment .
Richardson also did not return calls seeking comment .
She is the first San Francisco police officer to be fired since Officer Anthony Nelson was dismissed in October 2005 , after he was found to have lied about his use of force on an anti-war demonstrator whose arm he broke during a 2003 demonstration .
A tale about how , for many years , we were sold the idea that Agile does not scale when it is actually Waterfall and plan - driven are the approaches that do not scale .
In this talk we will also introduce how a large company ( 3000 + developers ) works in an agile mode even for the largest projects : 1000 ’s of developers in an Agile project is not Utopia , it ’s business as usual at one of the largest software companies in the world .
Source and slides of the presentation
by Mathias Hariyadi
At least 1,000 people set fire to the Pentecostal community places of worship .
According to local Muslims , the two buildings did not have the legal permits as " churches . "
The Nahdlatul Ulama admits the violence of radical Islamists against Christians .
In 2009 in Indonesia , 35 cases of violation of religious freedom , 28 against Christians .
Jakarta ( AsiaNews ) - A crowd of at least 1000 people burned down two Protestant churches last night in Sibuhuan ( district of Padang Lawas , North Sumatra ) .
The blaze was the culmination of tension between the faithful and the local Islamic community , tired of seeing " too many faithful and too many prayers " in a place not registered as a church .
The district chief of Padang Lawas , Basrah Lubis , said that " the attackers arrived in a flash .
Their number was enormous , more or less a thousand .
They were angry because the administration of the church had not responded to their demands : to change the use of buildings from ' places of prayer ' to ' neutral buildings ' .
" Both burned churches - two adjoining buildings - belong to the Synod of the Protestant Batak Church ( Huria Kristen Batak Protestant , Hkbp ) , and are Pentecostal churches , whose faithful belong predominantly to the ethnic Batak group .
Even their liturgies , with dances and songs are in Batak language .
According to police , neither of the two buildings had a building permit and had to be considered " places of prayer " and not " churches " .
In Indonesia , to build a church a special legal permit ( Izin Mendirikan Bangunan , IMB ) is necessary .
The process to get the permit is almost always hard and the Islamic community has boycotted the emergence of new churches .
This lack of legal permits has become the main source of Muslims violence against Christians .
According to local witnesses , the first skirmishes took place last Christmas , when a large group of Sibuhuan residents held a sit - in protest against the existence of two churches , which has " too many members and disturbs the neighbours . "
In fact , the services of the Pentecostal community are full of songs and musical instruments and it is possible that the religious holiday services were a nuisance to local members of another religion .
Conflicting with previous statements , the locals also argue against the community ’s attempts to turn these " places of prayer " in " real churches " .
" The legal basis for declaring a church is that the number of believers is at least 60 members .
But this community has only 23 members " , claims Basrah Lubis .
The Hkbp community of Sibuhuan is in existence since 1982 and still can not get permission to convert buildings into real recognized churches .
Lubis Basrah admits that non Christian local hinder recognition .
Now that the two buildings have been reduced to ashes , Hkbp communities have to travel to Sosa , 28 kilometres from Sibuhuan , where there are three permanent churches .
The Rev. Gomar Gultom , executive secretary of the Synod of Christian Churches in Indonesia ( PGI ) , points out that all this anti-Christian violence occurs because some radical Islamic groups are deeply opposed to the construction of Christian places of worship and seek to restrain the public practise of other faiths .
" In Indonesia , Christianity is legal - he says - but often , Christians are threatened . "
Only yesterday in Jakarta , Prof. Said Agil Siradj of Nahdlatul Ulama ( NU ) , the largest ( moderate ) Muslim organization in the country , submitted a report by the Wahid Institute to promote pluralism in Indonesia .
The report shows that in 2009 , out of about 35 cases of violation of religious freedom , 28 are against Christians .
Prof .
Sirad says that the violence against Christians is caused by small groups of Islamic extremists , whose knowledge of " true Islam is very poor . "
He also encouraged Christians to keep good relations with Muslims , showing sensitivity towards them .
Trying to build a church , all right - he said - but " it is better and wiser to discuss the plan with the local population to minimize misunderstandings . "
Meanwhile tension remains high in Sibuhuan .
The Pastor of the Pentecostal church has fled for fear of violence .
The Pastor of Sosa , the Rev. Rickson Nainggolan is defending his community .
The fire , he says , serves to scare the Christians and stop their activities .
He also points his finger at police who knew of the tensions since last Christmas and have done nothing to secure the situation .
The pastor also disputes the charge that the church did not have regular permits : " The Sibuhuan Hkbp has existed since 1982 and has its IMB .
What the community has done is to " extend the existing building to accommodate the growing number of faithful .
But the locals accuse us of not having the permission and have forced us to shut down our activities " .
So you level up on a rigid basis , determined by the XP table in the back of your rulebook , right ?
Perfectly reasonable , and definitely the standard for most RPGs .
However , you might want to consider if this really suits your style of play .
If you like going strictly by the rules , and having a well - defined point at which you level , you likely want to keep that method , or a similar one you may have developed .
However , in a narrative game , you may want to tie leveling to a specific plot point rather than XP .
For instance , defeating the demon king triggers a level , as the party has made a significant plot accomplishment .
From a narrative point of view , they ’ve proven their strength and are now expected to reliably be able to handle this situation , and possibly handle harder situations .
Gaining a level represents being able to fulfill these expectations .
You might even give them the level just before this battle for other narrative reasons .
Perhaps the fighter learned a new battle technique that is intended to help him battle the demon king .
Maybe the wizard has just developed a powerful binding spell for this purpose .
Things like this happen all the time in stories , yet in rpgs they always seem to happen after the battle when the new techniques are no longer immediately needed .
Of course , this needs to be done carefully , since you do n’t want their new powers to completely overshadow your boss encounter either .
Perhaps they spend a year studying with appropriate high level masters of their particular art , be it martial or magical .
After this time , it ’s likely highly appropriate they gain a level or two .
That study and dedication ought to be worth something .
For it to matter , it also ought to be roleplayed through of course , unless the point is to give them levels to prepare them for a much higher power part of the story .
Another possibility is that their power is tied to an item , quest , or deity in some way .
By retrieving the item , they assimilate its power into their being , as though it ’s an extension of them .
By taking on a quest and coming into alignment with a higher purpose , perhaps they draw power from that purpose or a god aligned with that purpose .
Perhaps , if you can work out the bookkeeping ahead of time , you could even have them level up in the middle of a combat to deal with awakening powers or perfecting new techniques in stressful situations .
This is convenient for matching party power to plot pacing since you can do it without messing with the numbers to make it work .
You just have to be sure the players buy into a heavy narrative game , but hopefully you can agree on a style with your players without worrying about how levels are doled out .
The main point is to make leveling less about bookkeeping and instead have it serve the story you and your players want to tell .
The Ganges runs from the western Himalayas to the Bay of Bengal The World Bank has agreed to lend India $ 1bn ( £ 600 m ) over the next five years to clean up the Ganges , one of the most polluted rivers in the world .
The 2,500 km ( 1,500 - mile ) river has been badly polluted by industrial chemicals , farm pesticides and other sewage .
Speaking in Delhi , World Bank chief Robert Zoellick said the clean - up would target the entire river network .
Plans involve building sewage treatment plants , revamping drains and other measures to improve the water quality .
The funding is part of the Indian government 's multi-billion dollar initiative to end the discharge of untreated waste into the Ganges by 2020 .
Environmentalists say the river supports more than 400 million people , and if the unabated pollution is not controlled , it will be the end of communities living along the banks .
Earlier attempts to clean the river have failed , including a plan to make its water drinkable by 1989 .
But Mr Zoellick said he was confident the plan would work this time .
" In the past , [ efforts ] focused too much on individual aspects such as sewage emissions and not enough on the basin as a whole , " he said .
" What really distinguishes this project is to try to look at the whole river network and try to deal with all the aspects . "
Correspondents say many of India 's polluting factories are located on the banks of the Ganges and their effluent has been largely responsible for the pollution of the river .
The Ganges also flows through some of most crowded cities of India which release their untreated sewage into the river .
Also on Wednesday , India 's finance ministry said the World Bank would triple its lending to $ 7bn this year for development , infrastructure and other projects .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Developer Take - Two Interactive ; publisher for Borderlands , NBA 2k10 , and Grand Theft Auto : Episodes from Liberty City ; recently announced a slight spike in quarter sales for 2009 ’s fourth quarter ( which ended October 31st ) but a massive loss for the fiscal year as a whole .
The developer , which pushed back a massive percentage of its high - profile releases into the first quarter 2010 , also aggravated stockholders when it recently by announcing that profitability for 2010 “ was n’t likely . ”
Despite both Borderlands and its mini - game series Carnival Games both surpassing major sales milestones , the company has posted a record $ 137.9 million loss for the year , coupled with a nearly $ 100 million drop in overall software sales .
Take - Two ’s chairman , Strauss Zelnick , described the financial condition of the company as follows : “ Our company and industry experienced a very difficult economic environment in 2009 .
We believe that 2010 will continue to be challenging and our outlook , while disappointing , reflects a prudent approach to managing our business .
The fact remains that Take - Two is in a fundamentally strong position to build long term value .
We have an outstanding portfolio of hit franchises based largely on internally developed and owned intellectual property , a team of extraordinarily creative and talented people , opportunities to extend our business to new media and markets , and the financial resources to support our strategies . ”
The company ’s CEO , Ben Feder , recently added : “ We are excited about our product lineup for 2010 , which includes BioShock 2 , Mafia II , Max Payne 3 and Red Dead Redemption .
We also have just announced Spec Ops : The Line , an intense military third - person shooter , for fiscal 2011 .
Our broad portfolio reflects the fantastic creative assets that will be the source of our long term success .
Moving forward , we plan to build our company by continuing to focus on select high - potential titles , leveraging our successful franchises and applying our creative abilities to emerging opportunities .
We also intend to strengthen our business through increased cost management , improved operational efficiencies , and the timely delivery of our titles . ”
Was pushing their AAA releases into 2010 a bad move for the fiscally unstable Take - Two ?
Or are they just victims to the larger economic conditions ?
Give us your own analysis in the comments below !
A federal court rejected Tuesday an attempt by the RNC to end restrictions that historically have protected minority voters .
Judge rejects RNC vote fraud argument
A federal judge in New Jersey on Tuesday rejected an attempt by the Republican National Committee to end nearly three - decade - old restrictions on GOP " ballot security " programs that historically discriminated against minority voters .
In a ruling that extended the restrictions for at least another eight years , but also slightly narrowed the consent decree containing them , U.S. District Court Judge Dickinson Debevoise of Newark asserted that “ voter intimidation presents an ongoing threat to the participation of minority individuals in the political process . ”
Advertisement
The consent decree stems from a lawsuit brought in the early 1980s in New Jersey by the Democratic National Committee , which accused the Republican National Committee of suppressing minority voters under the guise of guarding against voter fraud , partly by challenging their registrations if mail sent to their residences was returned as undeliverable , and by stationing off - duty police around polling places in minority neighborhoods .
The resulting consent decree , which barred the RNC from launching any ballot security programs without prior court approval , was expanded in 1987 to cover the entire country .
But the RNC , in a motion filed with little fanfare the day before Barack Obama ’s historic presidential election victory , argued that since the 1980s , the risk of fraud has increased , while the need for minority voter protection measures has decreased .
The DNC countered that the RNC was exaggerating the danger of voter fraud and said the potential for such fraud is outweighed by the risk of voter intimidation efforts by Republican groups , pointing to a recent decision by the New Jersey court that the RNC had engaged in illegal voter challenges as recently as the 2004 presidential election .
The RNC contended that the consent decree had been interpreted too broadly and made it tougher for Republicans to ensure an even electoral playing field .
Plus , it said it had no incentive to intimidate minority voters , pointing to its own election of Michael Steele , who is African - American , as chairman , and asserting that Obama ’s election meant existing voting rights laws would be adequate to protect minority voters without the decree .
“ I find it very difficult to believe that with an African - American president , and an African - American attorney general , that the laws that are already on the books regarding voter fraud , voter intimidation , and voter suppression are [ n’t ] going to be actively pursued by this Justice Department , ” the RNC ’s voting rights expert Tom Josefiak told the court .
Josefiak , a former Federal Election Commission chairman who served as general counsel for George W. Bush ’s 2004 reelection campaign , declined to comment .
But Debevoise rejected his assertions out of hand , pointing out “ the appointment of minority officials within the RNC has not coincided with an end to racially polarized voting .
Rather , minority voters continue to overwhelmingly support Democratic candidates .
As long as that is the case , the RNC and other Republican groups may be tempted to keep qualified minority voters from casting their ballots , especially in light of the razor - thin margin of victory by which many elections have been decided in recent years . ”
The judge contended “ it is less likely that voter suppression is motivated by racial animus than by a simple calculation of who is voting for whom . ”
Nonetheless , the judge set an eight - year sunset clause ( unless the DNC can prove a violation before the sunset ) and narrowed the decree by clarifying that only the DNC could bring violations to the court ’s attention .
He also said that the term “ ballot security ” would include only efforts aimed at preventing potentially unqualified voters from casting a ballot , as opposed to programs meant to ensure the smooth functioning of the electoral process or increase the number of people participating in it .
RNC spokeswoman Katie Wright called the modifications “ a step in the right direction , ” but added “ the RNC will continue to work to ensure that we are able to compete on a level playing field . ”
DNC Chairman Tim Kaine , in a statement , shot back that “ Republicans would be better served trying to engage minority and under - represented voters rather than trying to intimidate them . ”
He called the ruling “ a victory for all Americans who believe that every citizen should have the right to vote and have their vote counted .
It also represents a resounding repudiation of the Republican Party 's trumped up claims of voter fraud . ”
HEALTH UPDATES ON TWITTER HEALTH UPDATES ON TWITTER
More than 1,800 Gulf
War veterans were sent letters from the Veterans Administration this month informing them that they had Lou Gehrig 's disease — a fatal neurological disease .
But at least some of the letters — and the diagnoses — were a mistake .
Jim Bunker , president of the National Gulf War Resource Center , said VA officials told him the letters dated Aug. 12 were the result of a computer coding error that mistakenly labeled the veterans with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , or ALS .
Katie Roberts , a spokeswoman for the VA , said the letters were simply to inform veterans with ALS of disability compensation available to them and were not intended to deliver a medical diagnosis of ALS .
Roberts said the administration has since been contacted by a " small number " of people who did not believe they had ALS .
Veterans Administration officials are now reviewing all the cases , Roberts said .
For those who were sent the letters in error , Roberts said , VA officials are personally contacting the recipients to " express VA 's sincere apologies for the distress caused by this unfortunate and regrettable error . "
Bunker said the letters informed recipients that the ALS diagnosis made them 100 % disabled , meaning they were entitled to about $ 2,700 a month , with additional money for children and spouses .
Although some may view that sought - after 100 % designation as a welcome benefit , Bunker said , being diagnosed with a disease that generally kills people within five years far overshadowed any monetary gains .
" The vast majority saw it as bad , " he said .
Brent Casey served as an Army medic in the 1990 Gulf War and suffers from post - traumatic stress disorder and chronic fatigue syndrome .
He has already been classified 100 % disabled by the VA , but is working toward a master 's degree in business in Louisville .
He also volunteers at the local VA .
When Casey 's mother called and read him the letter , the 41 - year - old thought he had just been read a " death sentence . "
" By volunteering at the VA , I 've learned a lot of these illnesses .
So I knew firsthand what that meant for me , " Casey said .
" I just had a total meltdown . "
Casey learned that the letter was a mistake after making calls to the VA .
But he now worries about the veterans who have received the letter and have yet to be contacted about the mistake .
" My concern is , what about the guy who 's been on vacation , and he comes home to find this letter this evening ? "
Casey said .
" We need to get the word out to these guys . "
Contributing : Alan Gomez in McLean , Va. Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
When I was at Rice University , so many decades ago , I played a lot of bridge .
I was only mediocre , but enjoyed it .
We had a professor , Dr. Culbertson , who was a bridge Life Master at an early age .
He was single and lived in our college , playing bridge with us almost every night .
He was a master of the " end game . "
He had an uncanny ability to seemingly force his opponents into no -win situations , understanding where the cards had to lie and taking advantage .
Traveling to London and on into Europe , I have some time to think away from the tyranny of the computer .
Over the last year , and especially the last few months , I have written in depth about the problems we face all across the developed world .
We have no good choices left , so making the correct unpleasant choice is now our most hopeful option .
As I wrote in my 2010 forecast , this year is a waiting game .
There are so many choices we must make , and the paths we will take from those choices vary wildly .
But make no mistake , we are coming close to the end game .
Some countries and economies are closer to that point than others , but the entire developed world is lurching , in almost drunken fashion , towards our economic denouement .
Over the next several months , we are going to start to explore various aspects of the end game .
Whither Japan ?
Are they actually , as I think , a bug in search of a windshield ?
What does that mean for the world ?
How safe is the euro ?
Everyone over here seems to think Germany will bail out Greece .
A breakup seems unthinkable to the people I 've been talking to ( so far ) .
But what about Spain ?
Italy ?
Can you spell moral hazard ?
The Fed has said it will exit quantitative easing ( QE ) at the end of March .
But what if mortgage rates rise ?
Where do we find $ 1 trillion ( plus !!! ) in US savings to fund the deficit , assuming foreigners buy about $ 400 billion ?
By definition , savings and foreign investment and the federal deficit must add up to zero .
( We will go into that later - just take it as gospel for now . )
How can we run 10 % of GDP deficits if the Fed does not print money ( as they did by buying Fannie and Freddie paper , which became treasuries , as I outlined last week ) ?
That would require almost a 10 % savings rate - with it all ending up in treasuries .
How can that happen ?
Really ?
But before we get into that , a few housekeeping items .
First , more than a few of you have written to say you are not getting the letter as usual .
There are some problems when your distribution list is 1.5 million closest friends .
We try to fix them , working with the various ISPs to stay " white - listed . "
It is actually a lot of work for Doug and my publisher .
If for whatever reason your letter does not get into your inbox , just go to www.2000wave.com and find the letter there .
And we are working on other mechanisms as well to insure you get this letter .
And thanks for letting us know of problems .
Rest assured , we do not randomly drop any of my closest friends from this list .
Second , the invitations are starting to go out for our annual Strategic Investment Conference ( co- sponsored by my partners Altegris Investments ) which will be April 22 - 24 in La Jolla .
In addition to David Rosenberg , Dr. Lacy Hunt , your humble analyst , Niall Ferguson , and George Friedman , my good friend Dr. Gary Shilling has agreed to come .
There are several more rather exciting announcements I will be making in a few weeks .
This conference will sell out .
Unfortunately , for regulatory reasons , it is limited to accredited investors .
If you have not already received an invitation , contact your Altegris Investments professional , drop a note to me , or register at www.accreditedinvestor.ws and you will get a call and an invitation .
This year we are going to focus on " The End Game . "
I can guarantee you lively debate , fun times , and over - the - top wines - plus , you will be with people who are simply the coolest ever .
The speakers are all friends who " get it . "
They called the crisis well in advance .
These are the guys who sit and think every day about how this will all end up .
The panels are going to be fun .
Do not procrastinate .
Register now .
This Time is Different
" But highly leveraged economies , particularly those in which continual rollover of short - term debt is sustained only by confidence in relatively illiquid underlying assets , seldom survive forever , particularly if leverage continues to grow unchecked . "
- Carmen M. Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff from their new book , This Time is Different .
I am reading ( on my new Kindle as I travel through Europe ) a very important book , which I will be referring to a lot in the future .
Reinhart and Rogoff have catalogued over 250 financial crises in 66 countries over 800 years and then analyzed them for differences and similarities .
This is a VERY sobering book .
It does not augur well for the developed world to blithely exit from our woes .
The book gives evidence to my adamant statement that we have a lot of pain to experience because of the bad choices we have made .
This is the entire developed world , and the emerging world will suffer , too , as we go through it .
It is not a matter of pain or no pain .
There is no way to avoid it .
It is simply a matter of when and over how long a period .
In fact , Reinhart and Rogoff 's research suggests that the longer we try to put off the pain , the worse the total pain will be .
We have simply overleveraged ourselves , and the deleveraging process is not fun , whether on a personal or a country basis .
Let 's look at part of their conclusion , which I think eloquently sums up the problems we face :
" The lesson of history , then , is that even as institutions and policy makers improve , there will always be a temptation to stretch the limits .
Just as an individual can go bankrupt no matter how rich she starts out , a financial system can collapse under the pressure of greed , politics , and profits no matter how well regulated it seems to be .
Technology has changed , the height of humans has changed , and fashions have changed .
" Yet the ability of governments and investors to delude themselves , giving rise to periodic bouts of euphoria that usually end in tears , seems to have remained a constant .
No careful reader of Friedman and Schwartz will be surprised by this lesson about the ability of governments to mismanage financial markets , a key theme of their analysis .
" As for financial markets , we have come full circle to the concept of financial fragility in economies with massive indebtedness .
All too often , periods of heavy borrowing can take place in a bubble and last for a surprisingly long time .
But highly leveraged economies , particularly those in which continual rollover of short - term debt is sustained only by confidence in relatively illiquid underlying assets , seldom survive forever , particularly if leverage continues to grow unchecked .
" This time may seem different , but all too often a deeper look shows it is not .
Encouragingly , history does point to warning signs that policy makers can look at to assess risk - if only they do not become too drunk with their credit bubble - fueled success and say , as their predecessors have for centuries , " This time is different . "
A small confession .
I am in a London hotel , it is late on a Friday , and my mind is slowing down .
So rather than ramble , I am going to hand you off to Van Hoisington and Dr. Lacy Hunt , two of the brightest economists I know ( Lacy will be at my conference ) .
The following is their latest quarterly letter .
I have already read it five times .
It is THAT important , and chock full of intriguing concepts .
They also reference Reinhart and Rogoff , and offer up a very contrarian view about deflation .
Open your minds , and let 's jump in .
Quarterly Review and Outlook - Fourth Quarter 2009
Hard Road Ahead
The U.S. is facing a long and difficult road as it attempts to correct the over - indebtedness and wasteful expenditures of the past two decades .
Both current and historical research help us to understand where we are in the continuing economic crisis , and to put it in perspective .
The brilliant U.S. economist Irving Fisher first highlighted the fact that an economy 's debt level could have a deleterious impact on economic growth if it is , in fact , excessive .
At $ 3.70 of debt for every dollar of GDP , U.S. debt is excessive ( Chart 1 ) .
Fisher pointed out that the unwinding of debt levels results in prolonged economic distress , and we certainly agree .
In 2009 , the book This Time is Different - Eight Centuries of Financial Folly , by Reinhart and Rogoff , shed new light on the role of debt by compiling a database that looked at financial crises in 66 countries over a period of 800 years .
The main standard in explaining more than 250 crises studied is whether debt is excessive relative to national income , even though idiosyncrasies apply in each case .
They reiterate that this old rule ( excessive debt ) continues to apply , and this time is not different .
Research and the Deflation Risk
We glean five important factors from this work that pertain to our present situation .
First , financial imbalances occur when aggregate domestic debt is excessive relative to income , regardless of whether the government or private sector is accumulating the debt .
Once debt becomes excessive , countries do not grow their way out of the problem ; they must go through the time consuming and often painful processes of debt repayment and increased saving .
Second , whether the domestic debt is externally or internally owed is not as critical as the excessiveness of the debt .
Third , government actions , even involving sizeable sums of money , are far less helpful than they appear .
As the book states , " Infusions of cash can make a government look like it is providing greater growth to its economy than it really is . "
Fourth , Reinhart and Rogoff cover countries in debt crisis with a host of different conditions , such as growth and age of population , political regimes , technology status , education , and other idiosyncratic features .
Nevertheless , economic damage as a result of extreme over - leverage has remarkably similar results , whether the barometer of performance is economic output , the labor markets , or asset prices .
Fifth , further increasing leverage to solve the problem only leads to greater systemic risk and general economic underperformance .
The real question for financial participants is whether all these influences result in inflation or deflation , and the authors ' research details both outcomes .
As is widely feared here in the U.S. , they outline that many countries have had the right circumstances and mechanisms to inflate away their debt overhang , and , in fact , have done so by debasing their currency .
Those particular circumstances are not currently present in the United States .
According to Reinhart and Rogoff the norm is that major economic contractions lead to deflation .
Importantly , they call our present economic circumstances the " second great contraction . "
Thus , not only has the historical " qualitative " research on the subject of deflation chronicled the deflationary impulses emanating from overindebtedness ( Fisher 's 1933 " Debt - Deflation Theory of Great Depressions " ) , but also modern " quantitative " methods have now essentially confirmed this conclusion .
Over - indebtedness and major contractions lead to deflation .
Debt Overwhelms Monetary Policy
It has been more than a year since the Federal Reserve began a massive expansion of Federal Reserve Bank credit , from $ 1 trillion to $ 2.2 trillion , flooding the banking system with reserves .
This unprecedented action naturally raised inflationary fears since it was assumed that this was the beginning of a monetary creation process which would eventually lead to job and income growth , excessive expenditures , and finally massive price increases .
If the economy were not in the throes of writing down bad debts that were caused by a massive decline in asset prices , it is possible that the money supply ( M2 ) in response to this increase in reserves could have expanded by $ 4 trillion , or 96 % .
According to the late Nobel prize winning economist Milton Friedman , an increase in M2 of that magnitude would have been highly inflationary .
However , M2 did not explode .
Instead , in the past twelve months this aggregate has risen only 3 % .
This is less than 1 /2 of the average growth rate over the past fifty years ( Chart 2 ) .
If , as Friedman assumed , the velocity of money is stable ( MV=GDP ) then nominal GDP expansion in the ensuing quarters can be expected to grow about 3 % .
If prices rise about 1.5 % , then real GDP growth would also rise about 1.5 % , which is far below the level of growth needed to employ new labor force entrants and existing unemployed or to more fully utilize our present unused capacity in our factories .
In the last six months the growth rate of M2 has slowed to near zero .
If this pattern continues , it would be rational to expect GDP to grind to zero with no change in the price level .
The very first step toward an inflationary cycle has to be to get the monetary aggregates expanding vigorously .
That cannot be accomplished with the Fed " printing money " , i.e. , adding more reserves into banks that cannot or will not make loans .
The reason this process has not begun ( and will not for a time ) is the overhang of excessive indebtedness and asset price depreciations .
No one needs to borrow , or has the resources or balance sheet to borrow , and banks are busily writing off bad debt .
Irving Fisher warned of that process ( note our Third Quarter 2009 quarterly letter ) .
Over-indebtedness Creates Excess Supply
Despite the concurrent developments of little money growth and declining loan growth ( Chart 3 ) , the fear nevertheless remains that an inflation surprise might be just around the corner .
The reason to discount this notion is that excessive debt has contributed greatly to a flat , or perfectly elastic aggregate supply curve .
A country 's inflation is determined by the interaction of aggregate supply and demand .
Friedman wrote that a large increase in money in the hands of the non-bank public would be inflationary because he assumed a normal upward sloping aggregate supply curve ( Chart 4 ) .
In this case the aggregate demand for goods ( depicted as the demand curve Line A ) would shift outward to Line A1 , and thus prices would naturally rise .
You will note what happens to prices if a demand curve B is intersecting the supply curve in the so - called Keynesian range where it is flat .
If aggregate demand increases to B1 , prices do not change .
Whether the supply curve is in a flat , normal , or upward sloping position depends on the extent of excess resources in the economy .
Today it is obvious that the U.S. economy has plentiful excess resources , so any increase in demand will result in little price change .
This will be the case until our unemployment rate of over 17 % ( the U6 measure ) drops by a considerable amount and we begin to use our factories well above our current 68 % utilization rate .
Thus , our current economic circumstances guarantee there will be no surprise inflation .
Employing those who are out of work and fully utilizing our resources will be a slow process .
More importantly , it will take time to get the monetary engine reignited .
Banks will have to begin lending and people and companies will have to determine that prospects are good enough to take the risk for expansion and investment .
It will take years for these processes to get started because of our over - indebtedness and falling asset prices .
The consequences of excessive debt are already painful at the household level .
The civilian employment to population ratio , a highly important barometer of the average household 's standard of living , fell to 58.2 % in December , the lowest reading in 26 years and down from a peak of 64.7 % in April of 2000 ( Chart 5 ) .
Thus , the standard of living has worsened as the debt to GDP ratio has marched steadily higher .
With debt to GDP still rising , a further deterioration of the standard of living is inescapable .
Debt and Fiscal Policy
Deficit spending only provides a transitory boost to the economy .
It initially raises GDP , as it did in the second half of 2009 , but then the effect dissipates and later is reversed , as financial resources available to the private sector are reduced .
In a separate research study Rogoff and Reinhart write , " At the height of Japan 's banking crisis in the 1990s , repaving the streets in Tokyo became a routine exercise .
As a result , Japan 's gross ( government ) debt - to - GDP ratio is now nearly 200 % and a drag on what once was a vibrant economy . "
Our present high deficit situation suggests that taxes will rise ( including those of state and local governments ) , depressing economic activity further .
In addition to the expiration of the 2001 and 2003 tax cuts , the Obama administration is proposing substantial taxes on financial institutions to pay for the cost of the financial bailout .
Since the tax multiplier is high , this will reinforce the drag on economic activity from the lagged effects of deficit spending .
Treasury Bonds
Since 1990
Treasury bond yields have steadily moved downward in line with a more benign inflationary environment ( Chart 6 ) .
Those yearly declines in yields continued last year with an average interest rate of 4.07 % versus 4.28 % in 2008 .
Obvious sharp reversals have occurred in their downward trend due to shifts in psychology reacting to generally transitory factors , as we saw in 2009 .
To remain fully invested in long Treasuries in this high volatility environment requires a simple discipline based on the academic literature which demonstrates that over time bond yields move in the same direction as inflation ( Fisher equation ) .
Presently , we view the inflationary environment as benign because : 1 ) the U.S. economic system is overleveraged and academic research confirms that this circumstance leads to deflation ; 2 ) monetary policy is , and will continue to be , ineffectual as efforts to spur growth are thwarted by declining asset prices , loan destruction , and adverse regulatory influences ; 3 ) the federal government 's spending spree will necessarily cause taxes and borrowings to rise , further stunting any economic growth .
These factors ensure that inflation will be quiescent .
Interest rates easily can and do rise for short periods , but remaining elevated in a disinflationary environment is contrary to the historical experience .
We are owners and buyers of long U.S. Treasury debt .
Van R. Hoisington
Lacy H. Hunt , Ph.D .
Home Again
I get home next Thursday night and wake up to write the next Thoughts from the Frontline .
I have to say that these trips really get me fired up , as I visit lots of clients and serious hedge - fund managers who challenge me to think .
Plus , I get some time to ponder the big picture .
I was asked a lot about what the vote in Massachusetts meant .
My take , for what it 's worth , is that it is part and parcel with the election of Obama in 2008 .
The voters in this country are increasingly getting scared .
They may not mind that we will tax the golden goose a little more , they just want to make sure we do not kill the goose ( Peggy Noonan 's column ) .
While they may not be sophisticated in economics , they understand intuitively that you can't run deficits at the current levels forever .
That risks killing the goose .
Obama was elected with a promise of change .
McCain was seen as more of the same .
The recent elections ( Virginia , New Jersey , Massachusetts ) were pointedly saying , this is not the change we had in mind .
This is part of the equation that will give us the direction of the end game .
How will the Democrats respond ?
Will we see the moderates wrest back control from the progressive wing ?
Blue dog Democrats allying with Republicans ( the more things change ... ) ?
Can Republicans actually articulate a program and path to fiscal responsibility , or will they just sit on their hands , hoping the Democrats implode ( a very bad idea ! ) ?
Stay tuned .
Ok , it is time to hit the send button .
Last week I was with my partners at Altegris for our annual planning meeting in the mountains of Santa Barbara .
It was idyllic .
Part of the meeting was about the conference , and I am telling you , this is going to be the best ever .
Have a great week .
I will be uber - busy , but there will be a lot of good times and great conversation .
And I will be ready to get back home .
Your thinking about the end game analyst ,
John Mauldin
John@FrontLineThoughts.com
John Mauldin , Best - Selling author and recognized financial expert , is also editor of the free Thoughts From the Frontline that goes to over 1 million readers each week .
For more information on John or his FREE weekly economic letter go to : http://www.frontlinethoughts.com/learnmore
To subscribe to John Mauldin 's E - Letter please click here :
http://www.frontlinethoughts.com/subscribe.asp
To change your email address please click here :
http://www.frontlinethoughts.com/change.asp
If you would ALSO like changes applied to the Accredited Investor E- Letter , please include your old and new email address along with a note requesting the change for both e-letters and send your request to wave@frontlinethoughts.com
The City Council ’s vote Tuesday to shut hundreds of so - called medical marijuana dispensaries across Los Angeles was a welcome move , but the larger battle over pot has just begun .
Across the country , lawmakers and residents of cash - strapped states are edging ever closer to legalizing -- and taxing -- marijuana .
In California , the first state in the nation to pass a medical marijuana law , backers of an initiative to legalize the drug expect to gather enough signatures to qualify the measure for the November ballot .
And a Field Poll last year showed more than half of California voters would support such a move .
Two beliefs drive this push to make pot legal : that new tax revenue will stave off deeper budget cuts and that marijuana is a relatively benign drug .
Neither is true .
Legalization almost certainly would bring with it additional substance abuse in the state , and the long - term public costs associated with that would vastly exceed the relatively modest amount of new revenue legal weed might bring in .
Baby boomers who hazily recall their own experimentation with marijuana often are stunned to learn that the amount of tetrahydrocannabinol -- or THC , marijuana ’s primary psychoactive substance -- in domestic sinsemilla has quadrupled since the late 1970s .
Advertisement
According to Dr. Sheila Kar , clinical chief of cardiology at Cedars - Sinai Medical Center ( and a member of the D.A.R.E America board of directors ) marijuana has serious short - and long - term health consequences .
It has been shown to cause an immediate rise in the heartbeat by 20 to 30 beats per minute along with an increase in blood pressure , thus increasing the workload of the heart .
Marijuana is an irritant to the lungs and contains proportionally more carcinogens than tobacco smoke .
It is associated with increased incidence of cancer of the head and neck area and lungs .
It works on the brain , causing short - and long - term memory loss and impairing judgment , and it affects the sensations of taste and smell .
One of its more pernicious effects is that it reduces inhibitions and can lead a person under its influence to try even more harmful substances .
In other words , there ’s a reason the federal government classifies marijuana as a Schedule 1 drug with a high potential for abuse .
It is the most commonly abused illicit drug in the United States , and more teens are in treatment for marijuana addiction than for alcohol or any other drug .
Do we really want this habit - forming drug easier to get , particularly as the nation has made significant strides in reducing illegal drug use ?
Between 1979 and 2007 , the rate of illegal drug use fell by half .
Programs such as D.A.R.E. taught schoolchildren the facts about drugs , alcohol and tobacco and bolstered their critical thinking and decision - making skills so they can do more than just say no .
In conjunction with Penn State University , the new D.A.R.E. middle school curriculum has been vetted and proved effective at reducing drug use .
In recent years , D.A.R.E. has added units on prescription and over - the - counter medications , abuse of which is growing among teens -- another reminder , along with abuse of alcohol , that just because something is legal , it does n’t necessarily reduce the risk of abuse .
And that abuse costs all of us .
The National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse , or CASA , at Columbia University estimated last year that substance abuse and addiction cost federal , state and local governments $ 467.7 billion in 2005 .
Break out federal spending on substance abuse and addiction as its own budget item and it would rank near the top with defense , Social Security and Medicare .
Advertisement
This is where supporters of legalization like to say that decriminalizing marijuana would free up law enforcement resources and provide a tax base to fund prevention and treatment .
In fact , CASA estimates just 13 % of the combined state and federal substance - abuse costs are attributable to the justice system -- a figure that also includes family court , driving under the influence and hard - core drug dealing .
The bulk of the costs stem from direct healthcare expenses .
Imagine what a dent we could make in reducing healthcare costs if we prevented more drug and alcohol abuse .
The California Board of Equalization estimates that taxing marijuana sales the way alcohol and cigarettes are taxed could add $ 1.34 billion a year to state coffers .
But for every dollar in state and federal alcohol and tobacco taxes that is collected , CASA estimates government spends $ 8.95 to clean up the often tragic consequences of addiction , driving under the influence , domestic abuse or illness .
That ’s right : A dollar coming in ; $ 8.95 going out .
Suddenly , that $ 1.34 billion does n’t seem like much , particularly when one considers that it comes with significantly wider access to a habit - forming drug that has been shown time and again to be a gateway to even more dangerous drugs .
Despite the gains of the past two decades , substance abuse remains a serious drag on the health , productivity and safety of our nation .
There is a connection between marijuana and fiscal solvency , but supporters of legalization have it backward .
Reducing , not expanding , marijuana use can save billions .
It ’s time to clear the smoke .
Skip Miller is chairman of D.A.R.E. America , the top drug - abuse prevention and education program in the United States , and a partner in the Los Angeles law firm Miller Barondess .
Reward = ( Total value added to the industry ) * ( Our share of industry value )
Open Information
This unusual fountain set up in Rome , Italy and is the work of Spanish artist Juan Galdeano who wanted to make a statement that would hopefully draw attention to the issue of global warming .
The fountain was built to look like it ’s sustaining a hatchback Seat Ibiza , when in reality the car is being supported by an intricate installation .
Let ’s face it , that would have to be quite a powerful jet of water to sustain the car .
We Recommend :
Talking on a mobile phone could be good for you , because the electromagnetic waves emitted by the devices could protect against and even reverse Alzheimer 's disease , a study shows .
Researchers at the University of South Florida exposed 96 mice , most of whom had been genetically altered to develop the Alzheimer 's disease as they aged , to electromagnetic waves generated by US mobile ( mobileular ) phones .
The mice were zapped with 918 - megaHerz of frequency twice a day for one hour each time over a period of seven to nine months - the equivalent of several decades in humans .
In older mice with Alzheimer 's , long - term exposure to the electromagnetic fields caused deposits in the brain of beta- amyloid , a protein fragment that accumulates in the brain of Alzheimer 's sufferers to form the disease 's signature plaques , to be erased .
Memory impairment in the older mice disappeared , too , the study showed .
Swedish Internet Service Provider ComHem is currently running a TV commercial commemorating their 10 years of providing broadband services .
The fictional characters Judit & Judit , two customer service employees , set out to recreate some memorable internet classics .
The version aired on Swedish television does not include the barfing game show hostess .
People love travelling and some of them have this as a hobby .
There are several beautiful places in the world but not all of them are as special as these .
Here ’s a quick glimpse of the five most beautiful places that one should visit in their lifetime !
Niagara Falls – Canada
Known for its prosperity of the famous maid - of - the - mist boats , Niagara Falls are the wonderful experience one should have in their life time .
Niagara Falls can be best viewed from the Canadian side but however can be accessed from the American side as well .
It is a gateway of family adventures and a must watch place for a lifetime !
Niagara Falls is the favorite spot for honeymooning , and an enormous tourist attraction .
After the Marilyn Monroe and Joseph Cotten starrer film " Niagara " was released in 1953 , the visits recorded at Niagara Falls were all time high , and have been so ever since .
Most visits are during summer .
On the Ontario side , there are floodlights which illuminate the foot of the falls well after dark , during the night hours .
Venice – Italy
The city that is built on waters !
Venice is a wonderful place with lots of variety indulged in it .
Having close to 150 canals connected through 409 bridges with close to 300 islands , Venice can be termed as one of the heavens on earth !
If visiting Venice is part of your Italian adventure trip or you are only thinking about planning a visit to this city , you should consider the fact that Venice can be a source of romantic delight for you and your travel partners .
The famous city with the water streets will give you a perfect taste of enchantment and allure .
Great Wall of China - China
One of the beautiful vacations spots in the world and also one of the wonders of the world , Great Wall of China is a perfect patriotic icon !
You can just see and feel the perfection and the hard work of the craftsmen in building this spectacular construction .
Golden Temple – Amritsar , India
This temple is situated in place called Amritsar in Punjab , India .
This temple is famous for its purity and holiness and this is situated in the middle of large sacred pool .
You do n’t want to miss the rituals that take place inside the golden temple .
You will for sure feel a great relaxation and peace the moment you enter this temple .
Paris - France
One of the trend setters of the world , Paris is a gorgeous city with lots of new fashion and style .
Be it Eiffel Tower or Monalisa or the bustling Champs Elysees to Montmartre , Paris can be termed as one of the romantic places on earth !
It 's a bad sign for any politician to have to start the New Year with an apology for a brewing scandal .
But with two former aides indicted by prosecutors for fund - raising illegalities last month , Japanese Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama had to do just that in his first address of 2010 .
With both Mr. Hatoyama and his co-leader of the Democratic Party of Japan , Ichiro Ozawa , embroiled in the controversies , some may wonder if old - fashioned political scandal will short - circuit Japan 's new era of hope and change
Both Messrs . Hatoyama ...
Chris Grayling , the shadow home secretary , who promised a crackdown on student visas at the weekend , said : " I find it quite extraordinary to be in a position that people are being allowed in to the country that they know to be bogus .
This is a sign if a system that is rotten to the core and desperately needs to be changed . "
US Craft Beer Trends – 2010
Being an analyst I ’m always looking to see what the next trend will be , whether in wine , beer or financial data .
Thankfully nobody uses my trends in the financial markets to invest with .
These are some of my picks for trends that we will see in the coming years , whether it picks up in 2010 or 2011 .
1. TWITTER IS GOOD BUSINESS
Being a late starter with TWITTER it has taken me several months to understand the benefits that it can provide to restaurants , bars and breweries .
Twitter is used on news broadcasts and CNN takes quotes directly from TWITTER .
Twitter is making life easier for businesses to get a quick message out to a group of people who then re-tweet that news to others in their list , or through Facebook .
Twitter will be the big thing for breweries in 2010 and beyond , more so than Facebook .
Most of my friends on Facebook do n’t care about my BEER talk , or beer festivals , as I do n’t particularly care about some of their broadcasts .
Twitter can be fan specific , and it can take a business less than a minute to tell people the SOUP of the day , or when a beer is tapped out .
Some bars & breweries that use Twitter to their advantage are ; Baileys Tap Room Portland , Brouwers Cafe Seattle , Boundary Bay WA , Uber Tavern Seattle , Stone Brewery San Diego , Thirsty Monk NC .
2. Wine & Bourbon Barrels
One of the most unique beers you can buy in the US right now is the bourbon barrel aged beers , and the beer stored in wine barrels .
American whiskey is called Bourbon and it uses American Oak that can only be used once .
After that the barrel is useless to the Bourbon maker and the barrels can be used in beer production .
Goose Island Bourbon barrel aged was one of my first introductions to this style , and I have been fan since this time .
In Denver this year one of the big trends I saw was many brewers had a version of Bourbon Barrel Stout , or Porter .
Though not all bourbon barrels work , they are definitely creating their own style of beer that unique and very cool .
Could these beers be aged in the bottle ?
California produces a lot of beer and a lot of wine .
Seeing more ales that are stored in spent wine barrels is something that I think will work its way onto the scene .
Brewers like Avery are starting to play around with Wine barrels , and others will as well .
3. CANS
Yes beer can taste great in can .
Not all beer in a can is Lucky Lager , Coors & Pabst .
Those lucky enough to have Oskar Blues Ten Fiddy in the can are with me when I say that it no way effects the flavor of the beer .
With more beer looking to be transported between the East Coast / West Coast and now Europe , the space and weight of beer in cans will make a lot more sense to more breweries .
Cost of shipping in terms of weight , storage and how much fit into a container .
Think of the wasted space of a bottle .
When drinking craft beer we always tip the bottle or can into a glass anyway .
21st Amendment , Matts Brewing , Oskar Blues , Central City Brewing , all use cans for their beers and the trend will continue in the next 2 years .
Likely choices would be Can or Bottle ?
Everyone resisted the Stelvin Wine cap when they were first introduced .
4. Belgian Beers
Beer is going back to the roots of European beers with an American twist .
One of my favorite American brewers currently is New Belgium for their sour beers , and Cascade was favorite in the latest Portland Winter Ale Fest for their fruit beer .
Developing Lambics and wild yeast doubles and triples are what is going to be more common .
Belgium beer is what I first started with , then I went over to the hoppy IPA ’s of the west coast , and now I ’m moving back to the Doubles and Lambics .
These styles of beer are what brewers have fun making , and these can be cellared and stored in barrels .
Look for more seasonal style Belgian varieties .
5. Estate HOPS
As previously written about , I think there will be more emphasis on regional hops , whether grown onsite , or in a location that gives it some ‘ differentiation ’ from the next brewer .
Similar to the great names on brewery beers , we will see HOPS with distinctive location themes .
Whether it be Czech Hops for Pilsner , or Yakima Grown Lager .
6. Bottle Conditioned Beer
Without doubt the major area that American brewers can create a following is by producing a beer that is released annually , with a limited number , and the beer can be cellared like a fine wine .
There is a close affiliation with Wine and Beer buffs who will pay whatever it takes to attain a certain certain beer .
Barley Wine Beers are the best type of ales to sit down and cellar , and these the ones that Restaurants should carry in their cellar along with wines .
7. Brewer Collaboration
It has started with the likes of Sierra and Dogfish , Stone and Brewdog in Scotland , Left Hand and Terrapin .
One of the best beers of the year for me was the Coffee and Milk Stout of Left & Terrapin .
The Limb & Life tastings that have occurred over the country have been another example of people wanting to taste unique creations by well known brewers .
The Europeans are desperate for more American Style beers and we ’ll likely see a move of brewers from Europe in North America .
The next couple years will be an exciting time for American Brewers , and hopefully the impact will help some states overturn their ridiculous laws of beer not being allow to cross state boundaries .
This is wishful thinking as we know that certain states have rules setup to stop new entrants into already established markets .
No one knows who wrote the Bible .
WHY " ACCORDING TO ? "
What about the so - called New Testament ?
1
Why does every Gospel begin with the introduction — ACCORDING TO ... ACCORDING TO ... ( See below ) .
Why " according to ? "
Because not a single one of the vaunted four thousand copies extant carries its author 's autograph !
Hence the supposition " according to ! "
Even the internal evidence proves that Matthew was not the author of the first Gospel which bears his name .
" And as Jesus passed forth thence , HE ( JESUS ) saw a man , named Matthew , sitting at the receipt of custom : and HE ( JESUS ) saith unto HIM ( MATTHEW ) , follow ME ( JESUS ) And HE ( MATTHEW ) arose , and followed HIM ( JESUS ) . "
( Matthew 9:9 )
1 . The " so - called , " because nowhere does the " New Testament " calls itself the New Testament , and nowhere the Old Testament calls itself the Old Testament .
And also the word " Bible " is unknown within the pages of the Bible .
God forgot to give a title to " HIS " books !
Without any stretch of the imagination , one can see that the " He 's " and the " Him's " of the above narration do not refer to Jesus or Matthew as its author , but some third person writing what he saw and heard — a hearsay account .
If we cannot even attribute this " book of dreams " ( as the first Gospel is also described ) to the disciple Matthew , how can we accept it as the Word of God ?
A chat with Joshua Leonard of “ Humpday ”
When you ’re dealing with the press , what topic could possibly overshadow your new , Indie Spirit award - nominated and generally very well received comedy about two more or less ordinary straight dudes who decide to make a porno of themselves having sex …with each other ?
Well , “ Humpday ” star Joshua Leonard has had to deal with one of those “ be careful what you wish you ” show business situations in that the second film he was in about ten years back was an enormously profitable , zero - budget worldwide hit and horror pop-culture phenomenon – one that happens to be referenced in nearly every review of a certain recent zero - budget DIY horror hit .
Still , as one of the three actors / cum camera people / cum screenwriters who endured a deliberately scary and uncomfortable shoot in “ The Blair Witch Project , ” Leonard has leveraged his decade old flavor - of - the - month status into a solid career as a working actor with scores of credits ranging from the HBO movie “ Live from Baghdad ” to recent episodes of the new TV series , “ Hung , ” also on HBO .
He ’s also become a director .
“ Beautiful Losers , ” a documentary he co-directed , is just hitting home video after a run on the festival circuit , and he recently completed shooting his dramatic feature debut as a writer - director , “ The Lie . ”
Still , he ’s clearly very proud of his involvement in writer - director Lynn Shelton ’s “ Humpday ” alongside costar and previously interviewed fellow film - maker Mark Duplass – now a very close real - life buddy — and happy to have contributed to a new tightly - plotted but improvised movie where there was absolutely no attempt made to convince the world he was dead .
His portrayal of Andrew – puppyish Peter Pan , would - be artiste and compulsive traveler / bohemian – remains the extremely funny heart of the film .
He ’s also , I was happy to find , a really fun guy to talk to .
He ’s obviously a lot more smarter and 10,000 times more mature than his movie alter - ego , but he ’s every bit as easy to hang out with – even on a twenty - minute phone call set up by a publicist .
PH : I do n’t always say this , but I really did like “ Humpday . ” I thought you guys were great .
JL : Thanks , man .
What have you hated recently ?
PH : [ Laughs ]
I ’m a critic , we could blow out entire time talking about that .
JL : [ Laughs ]
That ’s what I want to know .
PH : Fortunately , nothing of yours .
Okay , so I ’m going to ask everyone I talk to on the movie this question ….
Just before I saw the movie at the L.A. Film Festival , I had reviewed the DVD for “ The Odd Couple . ”
It was kind of interesting because it was sort of two of the poles of the male bonding thing and of course the whole idea of “ bromance ” has been out now .
I was just wondering how you thought “ Humpday ” fit in with all these movies that have been out there on this general topic .
JL : You gotta realize that when we were making this we were making it in such a bubble that we did n’t realize that we were potentially going to be able to coat - tail off any zeitgeist moment ; that was not in the master plan .
PH : Mark said the same thing .
JL : No .
All of a sudden “ bromance ” was a term and male bonding was being talked about and that kind of fortuitously happened right around the time that our movie was done .
We were nothing but grateful for it because we certainly did not have the studio marketing dollar .
Every time somebody talked about “ Zack and Miri ” or “ Brüno ” and happened to mention us , we considered that free publicity .
And I think in terms of what you were talking about with “ The Odd Couple , ” it ’s those two archetypal characters .
We kind of put two guys on either end of the responsibility spectrum and put them together in a room and it ’s usually pretty funny to watch .
We certainly far from invented that formula .
I think we took advantage of what we care about in our lives and kind of updated it a little bit .
And , also , we were working so far outside of the system that we could really push the envelope a little bit in terms of taking that concept to its hyperbolic extreme , without anybody looking over our shoulders and telling us what was or was n’t appropriate or what would or would n’t play with an audience .
PH : That ’s one of the things that ’s interesting about the movie .
A lot of times , you ’ll see films and people will ask if they are improvised and the response is “ No , it was all written , but we really tried to make it look that way . ”
But this really was improvised and yet it really feels tight .
JL : [ Laughs ] .
It certainly will play to our strong suit as a collective .
Mark and I are both writer - directors as well .
While neither of us will ever be cast in “ Raging Bull 2 , ” it ’s a vernacular that we ’re comfortable with and kind of writing on the fly is something that ’s really fun .
Lynn [ Shelton ] is very confident as a director because she picks people very carefully .
She is an amazing curator of personalities and talents , and so she really gets the right group of people together to make her movies .
I think everybody who was there was there in support of the process in which we were making it .
And then , the unsung hero of this whole thing being [ editor ] Nat Sanders .
When you say the movie was “ tight , ” I promise you that had absolutely nothing to do with the acting that was actually put on .
We focused on trying to make organic transitions and making this stupid / funny concept emotionally viable and really putting ourselves in the audience ’s shoes and thinking : “ Okay , where are we going to be skeptical and how can we answer those questions . ”
But in terms of putting those together in five - minute propulsive scenes , that is absolutely , a thousand percent our editor .
He could have made thousands and thousands of really bad , boring movies out of the footage , I ’m sure .
PH : [ Laughs ]
I ’ve got to say I ’ve seen a lot of these movies , going back to John Cassavettes , who had his own thing going on .
Still , it ’s unusual .
I ’m sure Nat deserves a lot of the credit , but I ’m sure you gave him the beats to work with .
Anyhow , moving on just a little bit , I want ask a question about the way you decided who was going to be who .
Originally , Mark was going to be Andrew , but when you came aboard , it was sort of never a question that it was you who would be Andrew .
I was wondering …I was just looking at your Wikipedia entry .
It said that as a teen that , like Andrew did a bit later in his life , you had actually traveled through Mexico .
Was that always there ?
JL : I think that , once again , it ’s what you ’re good at and what you ’re not .
I do n’t think if you ever hired me to improvise a Ph.D. character , I would ever do something authentic .
Where improvising works best is where you ’re pulling at least facets of your own personality into the story ; you do n’t have to reach very far ….
I pulled a lot from my past and a lot of stuff from my late teens and early twenties and kind of transposed that in my head as to what that would feel like if I was still doing those same exact things in my mid-thirties – I think we all have have friends like that …
PH : Some of us are that .
JL : [ Chuckles ]
Some of us want to be that .
But , with Andrew , his real cross to bear in the course of this film and in the course of his life is …
I think that stuff starts out as exploration and the longer you do it at a certain point you cross over into just straight avoidance .
I think he ’s done that somewhere along the way and has n’t really admitted that to himself .
This situation kind of gives him a perfect opportunity to confront that .
PH : And now we ’re at the eight minute point here and I ’m just curious :
Do you ever get to go through an interview where no one mentions “ Blair Witch ” ?
JL : ( Quiet for a moment ) : I think there was one .
[ Chuckles ] .
I had to think about it .
There might have been one or two .
PH : I actually did n’t make the connection until I was watching the extras on the DVD .
I saw “ Blair Witch ” at the time .
I liked it ; I ’m rather easily scared and so it really scared the heck out of me .
That was you in the corner at the end of the movie , right … or was it the other guy ?
JL : I think it was Mike [ Michael C. Williams ] in the corner .
PH : Oh , I ’m sorry .
JL : It ’s okay .
PH : Anyhow , you guys really scared me .
It is kind of interesting that this probably going to be something – I hope — that will be on your Wikipedia page now right alongside “ Blair Witch . ”
It ’s kind of an interesting case of two poles of your career because that was obviously also a case where you were effectively a co-writer .
And , in that case , even a co-director / co - cinematographer because you were holding a camera .
JL : Andrew has his cross to bear and I have my cross to bear .
On one side , it ’s something that I am so fucking proud of … .
There ’s a part of me that looks back on the 14 year - old version of myself who discovered punk rock and was like “ people can just make things . ”
You can just go out and make stuff and you do n’t have to wait for permission to do it .
And I really , to this day , believe in that ethos .
You know , the first time Mark and I ever met , I virtually stalked him .
We became friends later , but I saw “ The Puffy Chair ” and that film just blew my mind .
It ’s speaking to me , very specifically generationally .
Also , it was a great piece of art that was made by any means necessary , which I think is fantastic .
That being said , being back at Sundance , ten years to the day of the premiere of “ Blair Witch ” with another low - budget improvised film , there was [ chuckling ] that feeling like “ Is this my lot in life ? ”
Will I just never make any money and keep doing cool , obscure movies and every once in a while one of them will pop up ?
I ’ve tried the other stuff and I ’ve done bigger and far worse things .
I never get a chance to give as much of my authentic self as I would like .
I think one of the great things about growing up is just figuring out what you ’re good at and what you do n’t have to waste your time , or anybody else ’s time , trying to pursue anymore
PH : And this is the other question you ’re probably getting asked all the time , but I still have to ask it .
Have you seen “ Paranormal Activity ” ?
JL : I have n’t seen it yet .
I hear it ’s good .
PH : It is very good , but I was also thinking that they had it a lot easier than you guys did .
They spent the whole movie in a townhouse in San Diego .
JL : [ Laughs ]
Yes , the comfort level [ on “ Blair Witch ” ] was not often good .
Fifty degree weather with rain ….
I have just finished directing a film , so I have n’t seen anything .
PH : I think for you , personally , you ’ll find it an interesting film to watch .
Anyhow , here ’s a question that one of my editors , Will Harris , always asks .
Of the movies between “ Blair Witch ” and “ Humpday , ” are they any you feel did n’t get enough love ?
JL : Hmm . Uhm …
PH : Especially , I should say – not to put anybody down .
JL : There are other movies I did that I ’m proud of .
Not all of them for sure .
At the end of the day , I think , kind of across the board , when a movie hits a vein with an audience … I am an audience member .
I am part of a demographic and I kinda get it .
There are some movies that I personally really like but should they have blown up into huge successes ?
No .
I ’m a film geek .
I like stuff that is a little more rarefied sometimes and not everybody ’s going to like that .
I do n’t know if I would say “ yes ” to that .
PH : Okay .
The one that I ’m sorry I missed , which I have n’t seen , is “ Live from Baghdad , ” where you were actually third billed [ after Michael Keaton and Helena Bonham Carter ] .
JL : I really liked “ Live from Baghdad ” but plenty of people saw that movie .
PH : [ Laughs ]
It was on TV .
JL : Yeah , it ’s an HBO movie .
I ’m thinking more the tiny little , experimental / independent films .
That hit the people it was supposed to hit .
PH : Well , let ’s talk about the movie that you just finished directing .
What ’s that going to be ?
JL : It ’s another tightly outlined but improv-dialogue film also kind of high - concept / reverse - engineered into something a little more human .
It ’s actually based on a T.C. Boyle story that I optioned out The New Yorker called “ The Lie . ”
It ’s about a guy who has , kind of slowly in the domestication process , given up his artistic dreams .
He has a bit of a breakdown one day and decides he does n’t want to go to work , gets backed into a corner and lies to his boss and says his newborn baby has just died .
The movie takes place in the ensuing five days in which he throws the bomb into his life and when it blows up in his face .
Ben [ Kasulke ] , who shot “ Humpday ” shot it .
It was all friends and favors .
I got the most amazing cast .
I just called up all my favorite actor friends and got them to come out and play .
Mark Weber from “ Shrink ” and “ Broken Flowers ” ; Jess Weixler from “ Teeth ” ; Jane Adams who I had done “ Hung ” with ; PJ [ James ] Ransone from “ The Wire ” ; Alicia Shawkat from “ Arrested Development ” ; Kelli Garner from “ Lars and the Real Girl ” ; Holly Woodlawn from the old Andy Warhol films … .
PH : Wow .
JL : It was just the coolest group of people .
[ We also had ]
Kirk Baltz who was the cop who got his ear cut off in “ Reservoir Dogs . ”
God , I hope he gets work because he ’s absolutely brilliant .
It was another [ movie ] done very much in the spirit in which we did “ Humpday ” and , production wise , a little more difficult because it was a 15 day shoot with 22 locations with a 5 and a half - month old baby as our third lead …
Not easy .
PH : [ Laughs ] I can imagine .
This is an interesting one because I can’t tell from the concept whether it ’s going to be black comedy or drama .
Do you know what genre it ’s going to be with a movie like this ?
JL : Oh , we ’re defying genres these days .
I do n’t know .
“ Dramedy ” is such a terrible word to say .
Who wants to say they made a “ dramedy ” ?
PH : [ Laughs ]
JL : I think the same way that you hear the pitch on “ Humpday ” and you say , “ Oh , that sounds … pretty stupid … ”
PH : [ Laughs some more . ]
JL : ... I think it ’s one of those movies that absolutely is humorous , but where “ Humpday ” was kind of a movie about friendship and self - identity and taking responsibility for your adulthood , this is very much a movie about the struggle to grow - up and retain your ideals – the myths of growing up versus the reality of it .
I think what ’s great and fun to me about couching it all in this high concept is that you can address all those issues pretty head on , without running the risk of becoming too didactic and having your audience turn on you and feel like you ’re trying to teach them a lesson .
PH : It sounds very interesting .
It ’s also interesting that you ’re adapting something that ’s been written in an improvisational way .
JL : I ’m just curious what T.C. ’s going to think .
PH : Yes , because it ’s going to go in different directions , obviously .
JL : Well , yeah .
Also , it ’s a 15 - page story and we shot 55 hours worth of footage for a 90 minute movie .
The character that Mark Weber plays is mentioned twice in the whole story , peripherally , and he plays one of the most instrumental roles in the film .
A lot of things you have to invent from whole cloth in order to make it work structurally .
PH : We ’re probably getting to where you need to move on ….’
PUBLICIST ( breaking in ) : About one more question , Bob , okay ?
PH : That ’s exactly what I was going to ask .
Getting back to something I probably should have asked you before … that final scene in “ Humpday . ”
We know that there was no plan .
I asked Mark this , but did you have like a million contingencies in your head since you did n’t know what he was going to do .
Was it “ If he does X , I ’ll do Y ” ?
Did you think about it in that way beforehand ?
JL : It ’s funny , and I ’m not a touchy - feely actor guy .
It ’s a little bit more storytelling and pragmatism , the way I look at it .
But I will say that because we shot the film in sequence and we basically have been living in the character ’s skin for ten days , there was so little thought that went into that scene .
There was so little premeditation …
It was really one of those rare experiences that I seldom have as an actor where I just walked into the situation and owned the character and was able to respond as things came up .
What ’s funny about it is that every take of that scene was probably , at it its shortest , forty minutes …
I think we did about 12 takes ; we shot until dawn .
I would say probably 70 % of what made it into the final film was from the first few takes .
It was all the stuff where it was freshest .
It ’s what ’s fun about working with your friends .
What ’s fun about improvising is that you get to know what people ’s buttons are .
Sometimes you find a grenade and you stick it in your back pocket and you know you ’re going to throw it at somebody at any given point .
It gives you a little power coming into the scene .
If you ’re working with somebody as smart as Mark , you throw it out , and he tosses an atom bomb right back at you and then you ’ve got to deal with that .
PH : So , in a way it would be kind of pointless to plan ahead ?
JL : Exactly .
PH : Okay , we ’ll thank you very much Andrew … I mean Joshua – this is how good you are !
( laughing )
JL : I take that as a compliment .
Miami marks the first Strikeforce show since Scott Smith pulled yet another come - from - behind victory out of his ass against Cung Le last month at Evolution .
The main event should make for a solid card so let ’s get down to the nitty gritty :
Bobby Lashley vs. TBA
This bout makes total sense for Lashley .
TBA has absolutely no ground game , no stand up , and absolutely no cardio .
In all seriousness , after Yohan Banks was denied a license by the FSAC and Jimmy Ambriz was not approved by Showtime , the latest flavor of the minute is Wes Sims , who , if we ’re going with the “ Strikeforce is trying to protect a rising asset in Lashley ” argument , at least has some sort of record and can be sold to the common fan by tying him into his stint on The Ultimate Fighter along with a large number of fights .
Regardless , I really would be shocked , based on the current list of potential opponents they ’ve proposed and the short turnaround to train , if Lashley loses against whomever they put in front of him .
( Update as of Wednesday , January 27 , 2010 )
Now that Lashley - Sims is confirmed ?
I still go with my original assessment .
For a guy with his experience , he got quickly subbed in R1 of his first fight on TUF by Justin Wren .
Lashley is too big and strong .
Jay ’s Pick : Lashley via TKO , R1
Greg Nagy , at a record of 1 - 1 through two fights with Rage
In the Cage , has twice as many fights as the 47 year - old Walker , who ’s been training at AKA with the likes of Mike Swick and Cain Velasquez , holds a sixth - degree black belt in tae kwon do , and plans on giving away his winnings to charity .
I completely agree with Mike Chiapetta over at MMA Fanhouse , who says it is a lose - lose situation for Nagy : he wins ?
He beat an old man with no MMA credentials .
He loses ?
He lost to an old man with no MMA credentials .
Despite his lack of experience , I give this to Herschel Walker .
Jay ’s Pick : Walker via ? , Round ?
( Sorry , I have no idea what to expect here )
Melvin Manhoef vs. Robbie Lawler
Manhoef has never seen a third round in his MMA career .
He ’s either knocked someone out or been submitted with a 24 - 6 record .
Lawler , sporting a record of 18 - 5 , has more or less had the same path as Manhoef ( TKO / KO someone or got subbed ) .
Both love to slug it out and will make for an exciting fight .
Coming off the loss to submission loss to current middleweight champ Jake Shields last year might make you think Lawler is looking for a big KO win to get back in the saddle .
I ’d advise against it with Manhoef .
He ’s got a shot at pulling off a sub given Manhoef ’s weak ground game and he is absolutely no slouch on his feet , but frankly , I think he ’ll be seeing stars .
Jay ’s Pick : Manhoef by TKO , R1
Cristiane “ Cyborg ” Santos vs. Marloes Coenen ( Women ’s LW Championship )
I will not editorialize on the looks of both fighters .
Coenen is a credible opponent to the dominant Santos , who wrecked Gina Carano last year to win the promotion ’s first women ’s belt .
She hits hard and has won almost all fights by TKO , but supports that with a purple belt in jiu - jitsu .
Coenen , on the other hand , holds a 17 - 3 record , with 12 wins coming by submission .
She ’s made claims as of late that her stand up has improved and she is not afraid to bang , but I think Cyborg is too strong and possesses a good enough ground game that she wo n’t give Coenen anything to work with .
Jay ’s Pick : Santos by TKO , R1
Nick Diaz vs. Marius Zaromskis ( Welterweight Title )
In case you do not know who Marius Zaromskis is , the Genghis Con Blog video is the go - to brush up on his past year of destruction in Japan , where he became the Dream 2009 WW Grand Prix Champ and their inaugural Dream WW champ .
The Lithuanian sensations ’ standup is phenomenal , with 12 out of 13 wins having come by TKO / KO ( only 2 of those made it to the 3rd round ) .
Then there ’s , of course , Nick Diaz , who should have already fought for this title last year against Jay Hieron8 if it were n’t for those damned drug tests costing him a license .
Despite his love of the greenery , Diaz has won five in a row with his last loss coming from K.J. Noons in November 2007 .
He ’s got great boxing9 , but his “ x factor ” will be his Cesar Gracie - trained jiu jitsu .
Normally , Diaz ’s Southpaw - style boxing keeps his opponents off guard , but I think Zaromskis ( a Southpaw as well ) has the edge in the striking department .
Diaz will have to pick at Zaromskis with his boxing , try not eat a lot of shots , and get it to the ground fast .
Betting odds are floating around - 200 to - 150 for Diaz , some have it even .
It ’s a tough call , but I ’ll give it to Diaz ’s ground game to decide it .
Jay ’s Pick : Diaz by submission , R2
Place your MMA bets on BetUs.com by clicking here .
New Items Marked Down !
Shop the UFC Sale at the UFC Store .
Order a Silver Star Rashad Evans Men ’s
Tee by clicking here .
Order the UFC : Ultimate 100 Greatest Fights DVD set by clicking here .
( Visited 27 times , 1 visits today )
Eric G. Eric is the owner and editor - in - chief of the Camel Clutch Blog .
Eric has worked in the pro wrestling industry since 1995 as a ring announcer in ECW and a commentator / host on television , PPV , and home video .
Eric also hosted Pro Wrestling Radio on terrestrial radio from 1998 - 2009 .
Check out some of Eric 's work on his IMDB bio and Wikipedia .
Eric has an MBA from Temple University 's Fox School of Business .
More Posts - Website Follow Me :
Biggest Web Design Trends of 2015
In doing business online , one should be updated with the trends .
It is quite annoying to constantly upgrade and modify website parts for the sake of ...
Stuff I care about , or at least thought about once , that I felt like writing down .
The prospect of yet another new frontier for U.S. natural gas development , this time in super - deep wells beneath the Gulf of Mexico 's shallow waters , is not all good news for Houston 's energy sector .
A big uptick in output from the emerging region — predicted this week after announcement of a major discovery there — would clearly signal new life for the heavily explored offshore region .
But it could also boost already swollen U.S. gas supplies , weaken prices and keep producers on the sidelines .
Such a scenario is unlikely to play out in the next year or two , given the time needed to develop the complex wells .
But within three to five years , if output materializes and gas from other sources keeps rising , it “ adds one more brick to the natural gas wall of worry , ” said David Pursell , a managing director with local investment bank Tudor , Pickering , Holt & Co. Securities .
“ It could be meaningful to U.S. supply in a time frame when we really do n't need more additions to supply , ” he said .
A team led by New Orleans ' McMoRan Exploration Co. said this week it made one of the biggest discoveries in the Gulf 's shallow waters in decades .
The claim was based on results from a well , drilled in 20 feet of water to a depth of more than 28,000 feet , that found a 135 - foot column of petroleum - rich rock at the Davy Jones prospect .
Additional drilling will be needed to confirm the well 's true potential , but the team said the early results suggest , even beyond Davy Jones , there is plenty more oil and gas to be found in the deeply buried layers of sediment .
“ Go back through the history of development in our business , and odds are , we 've got more than one of these in front of us , ” said John Schiller , CEO of Energy XXI , a Hamilton , Bermuda - based firm run from Houston that has a 16 percent stake in the project .
Industry analysts had predicted that ultradeep gas plays in the shallow - water Gulf of Mexico would contribute to U.S. natural gas supplies over time .
But the Davy Jones discovery is likely to accelerate activity in the region .
Matt Snyder , lead analyst for Gulf of Mexico research at consulting firm Wood Mackenzie , had projected commercial production from the wells by 2017 .
Now , in light of the announcement , he said the firm will likely revise its forecast to 2014 .
The additional output could help arrest steep declines in natural gas production in the Gulf of Mexico in recent years .
Gas production from the basin today is roughly 7 billion cubic feet per day , about half what it was in 2001 .
Good for consumers
A rise in supply also might be good for American consumers and industrial users who could see their energy costs fall .
About a quarter of the energy consumed in the U.S. is natural gas .
Residential customers use it to heat homes and to fuel stoves , water heaters and other household appliances .
Industrial customers use it as a raw material in paints , fertilizer , plastics and many other everyday products .
But some oil and gas producers could struggle if the added output comes on top of growing stockpiles of natural gas from shale rock formations and other unconventional sources that have recently exploded .
Imports of liquefied natural gas , or LNG , are also seen rising as new projects come online around the world , threatening to drive supplies still higher .
Careful what you wish for
“ We 've found ourselves in the past few years , thinking , be careful what you wish for because it might come true .
All the sudden we have gas everywhere now , ” said Tyler Priest , director of global studies at the University of Houston 's Bauer College of Business .
Last year , natural gas prices hit a seven - year low as a jump in U.S. production met with a severe recession that gutted demand and pushed domestic stockpiles to an all - time high .
Inventories remain bloated today , but prices recently rebounded to their highest point in a year , lifted by the improving economy and a cold winter that has boosted use of natural gas for heating .
On Friday , natural gas futures rose 10.3 cents to $ 5.691 per million British thermal units in trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange .
In 2008 , the United States used 23.8 trillion cubic feet of natural gas , matching the record high set in 2000 .
Domestic gas production that year reached nearly 21 trillion cubic feet , with imports meeting the balance of demand , according to Energy Department data .
But the Energy Department projects U.S. consumption will rise to about 26 trillion cubic feet by 2030 .
Analysts with Jefferies Research this week estimated the Davy Jones discovery could contain some 2 trillion cubic feet of natural gas .
Partners in the project said the formation may even hold triple that , as well as other hydrocarbons .
And they said it verified the presence of a major new exploration frontier that could yield much more oil and natural gas in coming years .
“ It remains to be seen what this is going to do to total gas supply , but I would say it 's pretty rare that you find one discovery by itself without other finds nearby , ” said Matt Pickard , market analyst with Quest Offshore Resources in Sugar Land .
‘ You 'll see it coming '
But Pursell , of Tudor , Pickering , Holt , cautioned that there is still much work to do to determine the potential of Davy Jones and other ultra - deep gas wells in the Gulf 's shallow waters .
“ Before it becomes a big add to U.S. gas supply , you 'll see it coming , ” he said .
“ These wells take a long time to drill and cost a lot of money .
They 're not going to sneak up on anybody . ”
brett.clanton@chron.com
Ballykissangel star Victoria Smurfit shot at on ' Kill a Tourist Day ' in South Africa
Lucky escape :
The actress was injured by flying glass
Actress Victoria Smurfit has revealed she came within inches of death when a gunman opened fire on a taxi she was travelling in while holidaying in South Africa – the nation that will stage the World Cup in just six months .
The glamorous actress , who has starred in ITV police drama Trial & Retribution and the BBC ’s Ballykissangel , was injured by flying glass when the vehicle ’s windows were shattered .
She felt a bullet whizz past her as it tore through the cab – ‘ tangibly blowing the air ’ .
It hit the passenger window ‘ barely half an inch ’ from the head of her sister - in - law , Charlie .
Writing in today ’s Irish Mail on Sunday , the 35 - year - old actress says she was told by South African police the attack was likely to have been a gang initiation ceremony dubbed ‘ Kill a Tourist Day ’ .
Victoria , who plays icy Roisin Connor in the ITV show , said memories of the attack have often left her tearful since returning home .
Her mother , who was also in the taxi , had to be hospitalised for minor heart problems .
The shooting happened in Strand Street , one of Cape Town ’s main roads , which will be thick with football fans when the World Cup begins in June .
South African police say they are determined to ensure visitors ’ safety – yet Victoria claims officers were not interested in investigating her incident .
She says the family were visited by detectives only because a relative happened to meet someone with police connections in a restaurant .
The actress , whose family owns a £ 500 million packaging empire in Ireland , had been in Cape Town to celebrate New Year with her advertising executive husband Doug Baxter , mother Caroline , brother Dermot and his wife Charlie .
The attack happened after the group had left a restaurant in Constantia , one of the city ’s most exclusive suburbs , and were on their way to see in 2010 at a party also attended by British broadcaster Johnny Vaughan .
Charlie had been looking out the window at a nail salon they were passing and sat back just as the car slowed to pull off Strand Street .
As the vehicle turned , Victoria heard a sharp crack as the bullet hit the window .
Horror : Victoria 's Smurfit 's taxi was shot at in Strand Street , Cape Town , by a gang .
Police say the shooting was likely to have been part of an initiation ceremony
She writes : ‘ We all felt it journey past us .
Either in front or behind our faces , it tangibly blew the air as it crossed our paths .
‘ Blood started seeping out of my collection of veins at the elbow joint .
I could see Doug was shiny - eyed .
I reached an arm out to him .
Thank God , he was fine . ’
Victoria , who was in the front seat , said she could n’t immediately bring herself to turn round to see if the rest of her family were still alive .
When she summoned the courage , she saw how close the bullet had been to hitting her sister - in - law .
Safe and sound : Victoria and husband Doug , who was also in the taxi
‘ Barely half an inch from her head was a spider web of shattered safety glass , and a hole , ’ she said .
‘ Had Charlie still been looking at her nail salon , the rest of us would be now wearing her brain . ’
It took her several moments to realise that she had been injured by the shattered glass .
‘ I picked out a lump of Doug ’s window from my elbow , ’ she added .
But when the family reported the incident , Victoria said police simply told them , ‘ Yes , thank you ’ , and hung up the phone .
It was only following the chance meeting in a restaurant a few days later that two officers were sent to take statements .
Victoria said : ‘ Apparently what happened to us was a gang initiation .
A young man wants to feel he belongs to something , tries to attach himself to a group but has to prove his mettle .
‘ It was Kill a Tourist Day .
And we were in the way .
It is frustrating not knowing who the shooter was .
Not as frustrating as it must be for him , unsure if he is now a murderer .
Maybe he is only 12 . ’
She said the incident has had a lasting impact on her family .
Her brother has become obsessed with researching criminal violence in South Africa , while Victoria has been plagued by thoughts of what could have been ‘ if the car had gone two miles an hour faster , if the shooter had raised his arm slower , if we had not looked out the window , if we had not tried to turn a corner ’ .
‘ I cry a lot , ’ she added .
‘ If my mind is allowed a fallow moment , it plays back those last 20 minutes of 2009 .
‘ But it re-edits for different endings – certificate 18 endings .
Not the Parental Guidance one we luckily had .
This year could have started as a horror story for us . ’
Rogers Wireless wants to put all cellphone providers on the hook for ex-customers ' unpaid bills .
In a filing with the Canadian Radio - television and Telecommunications Commission on Monday , the company asked the regulator to order all wireless companies to be responsible for the unpaid balances owed by customers who switch providers .
That would mean that if a customer switches from Rogers to Bell with an unpaid bill of $ 200 , for example , Bell would be responsible for paying that amount to Rogers .
The issue , Rogers said , is that since number portability — where customers can take their phone numbers with them when switching — came into effect in March 2007 , unpaid balances at the company have risen .
Once the customer transfers his or her number to a new provider , their relationship with Rogers is over , which makes it difficult to collect any unpaid charges , the company said .
This is having an increasingly big impact because of big subsidies given on expensive new smartphones , Rogers said .
" Customers porting out mid-contract with unpaid balances are costing Rogers , and most probably other wireless carriers as well , millions of dollars each year , " the company said in its letter .
" The task of collecting these unpaid balances is made much more difficult once a customer ports their number to a new carrier as the relationship has been terminated . "
Stem loss of market share
Rogers said other methods of collecting unpaid bills , such as collection agencies , are not doing the job .
" Collections and risk management systems are in place to mitigate the impact , but ... the effectiveness of these measures is limited , especially in cases where the unpaid balance is significant , " the company said .
Michael Janigan , executive director at the Public Interest Advocacy Centre , a consumer watchdog , said Rogers 's move is a clear attempt to stem the loss of market share .
New cellphone companies such as Wind Mobile , as well as improved offerings from traditional rivals Bell and Telus , are chipping away at market leader Rogers 's subscriber base .
" This is the clear downside of long - term contracts for a supplier and now they want regulation to solve a problem brought about by market forces , " he said .
The position taken by Rogers was not shared by all cellphone providers .
" Telus could n't disagree more with Rogers on their proposal , " said spokesman Jim Johannsson .
" It 's not consumer focused , it 's not transparent , does n't promote consumer choice and runs counter to everything we are striving for as an industry . "
A spokeperson for Bell said the company is reviewing the proposal .
CRTC spokesman Denis Carmel said the regulator had received the request and is reviewing it .
Interested parties will have 30 days to comment on it , after which Rogers will have 10 days to respond .
The regulator typically makes rulings on such requests within four months after all comments have been filed .
Winds of change
The business model of the established North American wireless providers has so far typically revolved around signing customers up to long - term contracts in exchange for discounts on devices .
Customers who opt out of those contracts early often face hundreds of dollars in early cancellation charges as a result .
Wind , which launched service in Toronto and Calgary in December , is taking a different tactic by selling phones at cost and without term contracts , which is a common practice in much of the rest of the world .
Search engine giant Google is also trying to change the North American model with the recent launch of its Nexus One in the United States .
Customers who want the phone , which is not officially available in Canada yet but does work on Wind 's network , can buy it directly from Google 's U.S. website without a contract or a direct tie to a specific provider .
The law office of Steven J. Moore , LLC , in Baton Rouge was founded to serve the legal needs of personal injury victims and people charged with state and federal crimes in Louisiana .
Whether your legal matters involve an arrest for assault , domestic violence , shoplifting , drug possession or DWI ( DUI or drunk driving ) , or an injury from a serious car accident , your case is the most important thing in your life right now .
That is why you are looking for an experienced Louisiana litigator – a personal injury and criminal defense attorney who understands your legal issue and will help you fight for your rights inside and outside of the courtroom .
Dedicated To Obtaining Positive Results
Your case is our top priority .
We know that your future may depend on how well we do our job , and we take that responsibility very seriously .
When you are at our Baton Rouge law firm for a free consultation , you can trust that you will have a lawyer ’s undivided attention and that we will give you the best representation we can , backed by more than 20 years of legal experience .
Experienced Lawyers Who Speak Your Language
Our clients are good people who have found themselves in trouble .
When you hire our law firm , you can count on having lawyers who :
You can trust to tell you the truth
Will work hard to protect your interests
Know how to fight for your freedom and your future
We know how difficult it can be to get a grasp on what ’s actually going on in a criminal case or personal injury lawsuit , especially if all you hear from your attorney is a bunch of legalese .
You can count on our attorneys to be straightforward throughout your entire case .
The outcome of your case is important to our firm , and we have to work together if we are going to win .
We are the type of attorneys you can call at any time who will answer your important questions honestly .
Providing Experienced Criminal Defense Representation
Our law firm focuses our criminal defense practice on cases involving drug crimes and fraud such as health care fraud or environmental fraud .
However , we have the experience to handle any criminal defense case , from DWI or simple assault to homicide charges and serious federal criminal charges .
Helping Those Injured In Accidents
A serious personal injury can result in severe pain and suffering .
It can mean paying countless bills .
Such an injury can prevent you from earning wages , and doing the activities you enjoy most .
Most importantly , it can be devastating for family members and caregivers looking out for your needs .
Our firm has for over two decades provided representation in personal injury cases .
We focus our personal injury practice on recovering the maximum amount of compensation for clients injured in car , motorcycle or truck accidents in Louisiana .
By Doreen Walton
BBC News
China 's scientific contribution has grown significantly in the past decade The British medical journal the Lancet has urged China 's authorities to do more to tackle scientific fraud .
Recently , dozens of papers were found to be faked .
" China 's government must assume stronger leadership in scientific integrity , " the Lancet says .
China ranks second behind the United States in the number of academic papers published every year .
Following a wave of scandals in 2006 , China 's government announced reforms aimed at preventing misconduct .
Richard Horton , editor in chief of the Lancet , believes the authorities have not gone far enough and the pressure on academics to publish papers for degrees and job promotions creates problems .
" In China , unfortunately , there are great incentives to commit fraud , " he said .
" The measures have n't got to the root cause which are these conditions which encourage scientists to lie .
" When you make prestigious jobs and large amounts of money closely tied to publication , that creates conditions for fraud . "
If science in China cannot be trusted in certain areas , that undermines China 's economic growth
Dr Richard Horton
The Lancet Last December , two teams of researchers at Jinggangshan University in central China were found to have falsified 70 papers published in 2007 .
" It 's very tricky .
The problem has existed for a long time , " says Dr Lu Yiyi , Associate Fellow at Chatham House 's China programme .
She believes universities need to teach about the importance of honesty but that the government will have a very difficult job stamping out fraud .
" There were n't strict rules established in the first place so a large number of people went though the system and got their professorship .
" If you apply stricter rules retroactively then their past work would be vulnerable to criticism , " said Dr Lu. China wants to become a research superpower and its influence is booming economically and scientifically .
Dr Horton said it is vital China 's government takes action .
" Science in any country is a major source of economic growth , " he said .
" The concern is if science in China can not be trusted in certain areas that undermines China 's economic growth . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The obvious thing about this record is its seasonal nature .
It 's colder in the ( northern hemisphere ) winter , and hotter in the ( northern hemisphere ) summer .
But ( I hear you cry ) since it 's a global dataset , when it 's winter up here , it 's summer down there .
So should n't that cancel out ?
Well , no .
Water has a lot of thermal inertia : it takes a long time to heat up , and a long time to cool down .
Land responds much faster to heating and cooling .
And there 's a lot more land in the northern hemispere , so even a global dataset will follow the northern hemisphere seasons .
And that 's annoying , because the seasonal " noise " swamps the more interesting long - term signal that we 're looking for .
So what we really want to do is to remove the seasonal component entirely .
Here 's how we do that .
We start by averaging the satellite temperature for each day of the year .
We have a little more than 12 years worth of data , so we average all of the January 1 data ( regardless of year ) , all the January 2 data , and so on .
( I removed February 29 from the dataset , because there are only 3 of them , which is really not enough for statistics ) .
When we do that , we get this really nice seasonal curve :
The red line is the average temperature for each day of the year .
It 's almost a sine wave , but it also has a sine - squared component .
The thin black line is a mathematical model of the red line .
For you math geeks , it 's given by the following equation :
Temp = a 1 * sin(( day + phase ) / L ) + a 2 * sin²( ( day + phase ) /L ) + offset
... where phase is - 111.5187 days , L ( inverse frequency ) is 58.09 ( or 365/2π ) , offset is 257.269 , a1 ( amplitude of the sine component ) is 1.4401 , and a2 ( amplitude of the sine squared component ) is .3024 .
As you can see , the black line replicates the seasonal variation very exactly .
So now , we can subtract the " expected " temperature on a given day ( computed from our equation ) from the actual measured temperature , and we will have a nice view of global temperatures with the big seasonal wave removed .
It looks like this :
A few things to notice here .
First , the blue line ( seasonally - adjusted temperature ) starts on a downward trend in 1998 and 1999 .
That 's because 1998 was ( at the time ) the hottest year on record globally , propelled by a massive El Niño .
So yes , '99 was a definitely cooler than ' 98 .
Notice also how generally warm 2005 was ( almost entirely above the black trend line ) ; no surprise , '05 was either the first or second hottest year on record , essentially tied with 1998 .
Now look at the rightmost end of the graph .
That 's where we were on Saturday , January 16 , 2010 .
After adjusting for normal seasonal effects , it 's the hottest day globally in the history of recorded temperature measurement .
Prior to this week , the record had been held by March 9 , 2004 , an anomaly of .54 degrees ( compared to the 1998 - 2010 average ) .
That record was nearly matched on July 19 , 2009 .
But the record was decisively broken twice this week , first on Friday , when the anomaly reached .72 degrees , and again on Saturday , when it reached .75 degrees .
Another disturbing trend : the black line , which is the regression line for the series , has a slope indicating an increase of over 4 °C per century .
It 's gonna be a hot one .
A PRIEST has sparked an unholy row in Britain after using his Christmas sermon to advise people to shoplift .
Father Tim Jones , 41 , told his stunned congregation that his controversial view did not break the eighth commandment " Thou shalt not steal " because " God 's love for the poor and despised outweighs the property rights of the rich . "
The Sun reports that the clergyman was slammed by police and politicians after he broke off from his traditional annual sermon in York to claim that stealing was often the only way for people to survive during the recession .
Delivering his festive lesson he said : " My advice , as a Christian priest , is to shoplift .
" I do not offer such advice because I think that stealing is a good thing , or because I think it is harmless , for it is neither .
" I would ask that they do not steal from small family businesses , but from large national businesses , knowing that the costs are ultimately passed on to the rest of us in the form of higher prices .
" I would ask them not to take any more than they need , for any longer than they need .
" I offer the advice with a heavy heart and wish society would recognise that bureaucratic ineptitude and systematic delay has created an invitation and incentive to crime for people struggling to cope . "
A spokesman for North Yorkshire Police said shoplifting was first and foremost a criminal offence and to justify it under any circumstances was " highly irresponsible " .
" We recognise some people find themselves in difficult circumstances but support is readily available and must be sought . "
Read more about the shoplifting sermon at The Sun
Quantum computers can do wondrous things : too bad they do not exist yet .
That has not stopped physicists from devising new algorithms for the devices , which can calculate a lot faster than ordinary computers — in fact , exponentially faster , in quite a literal sense .
Once quantum computers do become available , the algorithms could become a key part of applications that require number crunching , from engineering to video games .
The latest quantum algorithm is generating excitement among physicists .
It tackles linear equations : expressions such as 3 x + 2y = 7 and typically written with unknowns on one side and constants on the other .
Many high schoolers learn the trite mechanics of solving systems of such equations by eliminating one unknown at a time .
Speed becomes crucial when systems contain billions of variables and billions of equations , which are not unusual in modern applications such as simulations of weather and other physical phenomena .
Efficient algorithms can solve large , “ N by N ” systems ( systems having N linear equations and N unknowns ) by computer .
Still , calculation time grows at least as fast as N does : if N gets 1,000 times larger , the problem will take at least 1,000 times longer to solve , often more .
The quantum algorithm now proposed by Aram W. Harrow of the University of Bristol in England and Avinatan Hassidim and Seth Lloyd of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology takes a clever shortcut .
It can return the most relevant information about the solution without fully calculating the solution itself , thus trading off the amount of data it produces for speed .
( For example , in the case of weather prediction it could return the average temperature over a town rather than the temperatures predicted city block by city block . )
Like all quantum algorithms , their method , described in the October 9 Physical Review Letters , encodes all the relevant information about the system into quantum bits .
Contrary to ordinary , or “ classical , ” bits , quantum bits can exist both as 0 and 1 simultaneously — or , as physicists say , in a superposition of states .
The algorithm transforms the bits into a state that essentially encodes a superposition of all possible solutions of the system , meaning for all possible values of the constants on the right hand sides of the equations .
From this “ universal solution , ” one can then extract the relevant information about particular solutions without calculating them fully .
The gain in speed is enormous : the time required to produce the universal solution grows only with the number of digits in N .
Thus , if N gets 1,000 times larger , the algorithm takes three times as long ( because three digits are added to N ) , as opposed to 1,000 times as long .
Even writing down the result for all the variables would involve 1,000 times more steps in the classical case .
“ It takes exponentially less time to solve the problem than to read the solution , ” Lloyd says only half - jokingly .
“ Every single quantum algorithm that shows a clear speedup when compared with its classical analogue is still a big deal , ” says Artur Ekert of the National Uni­versity of Singapore .
Only a handful of quantum algorithms can boast that achieve­ment — such as those invented in the 1990s for factoring large numbers into primes or for searching databases .
So far only experimental quantum computers exist , containing only a few bits .
But a small demonstration of the new algorithm should be feasible in the not too distant future , says Martin Plenio of the University of Ulm in Germany .
“ It will be many years , though , before a quantum computer of a sufficient size can be built to solve a problem that cannot be attacked on classical devices , ” he adds .
Some applications could be possible sooner , Lloyd says , if they exploit the intrinsically quantum nature of photons .
He proposes , for example , that the algorithm could be embodied in a “ superimaging device ” that would remove optical distortions in a telescope .
Each photon measured by the telescope would play the role of the constant terms of the equation , and the distortions would correspond to a linear system of equations .
Finding the solutions would mean reversing the distortions , thus improving image quality .
The fact that this book is already at his second edition after a first publication in 2004 says something about its value .
In one of his definition of Agile , Jim Highsmith says , “ Agility is the ability to balance flexibility and stability ” .
I will say that his book balances nicely high level thinking and a pragmatic approach .
The book provides a framework for running agile projects and gives also insight in some more neglected related topics like managing projects portfolios or measuring the success of Agile projects .
The author starts by defining what Agility is and emphasizes that Agile is about “ delivering value over meeting constraints ” .
The book describes the Agile Project Management ( APM ) framework , discussing its values and presenting the phases ( Envision , Speculate , Explore , Adapt , and Close ) .
The core values of the APM are :
* Delivering Value over Meeting Constraints
* Leading the Team over Managing Tasks
* Adapting to Change over Conforming to Plans .
All these aspects are covered with both a high level vision ( after all values are values ) , but also by describing daily project activities :
Key points that will help you understand the author message are put in evidence .
Example : A coaching leader ’s attitude is reflected in the question “ How can I help you deliver results ? ”
The micro-manager ’s attitude is reflected in the question , “ Why is n’t task 412 done yet ? ”
The final parts of the book deal with topics related to Agile project management : scaling , project portfolio management , measuring performance and fostering innovation .
This is definitely a book that I will recommend to every people involved in project management , agile or not .
I always think that learning Agile practices should be preceded by understanding Agile values .
This book provides insightful material for values and practices .
Related web sites :
* Jim Highsmith Web site
* Agile Project Leadership Network
Reference : “ Agile Project Management ” , Second Edition , Jim Highsmith , Addison - Wesley , 392 pages
Get more details on this book or buy it on amazon.com
Get more details on this book or buy it on amazon.co.uk
But inevitably public perception will issue its harsh ruling , and it goes something like this :
If the meeting were really that important to Mr. Blankfein , Mr. Mack and Mr. Parsons , they would have found a way to get there .
Image President Obama on Monday .
His words about Wall Street might not be having the intended impact these days .
Credit ... Doug Mills / The New York Times
They would have left the night before , or they would have flown out at the crack of dawn , or better yet , taken Amtrak ( I called customer service , and the Acela was running only a couple of minutes late ) .
In fairness , there is little question that they wanted to be there and seemed genuinely disappointed they could n’t make it .
( You could hear it in Mr. Mack and Mr. Blankfein ’s voice when they got on the call .
“ Mr. President , we ’re upset we ’re not able to be there , but we ’re on line with you now , ” Mr. Mack said .
“ It ’s certainly not for a lack of effort , ” Mr. Blankfein quickly followed up . )
But this missed meeting clearly did n’t help their case .
After all , they sure hoofed it down there last year , when Henry M. Paulson Jr. ordered them to meet him in Washington with less than 24 hours of notice .
Most of them got there early , and went home with $ 10 billion to $ 25 billion of taxpayer money .
Upon hearing the news Monday morning of the airplane delays , Mark Haines , an anchor at CNBC , went on the air and , in a Howard Beale moment , said what many Americans were probably thinking : “ These guys are such little girls !
Give me a break .
What a bunch of wimps !
Thanks for all that taxpayer money ... and , ah , gee , there are delays at the airport ! ”
But extra effort may have been a lot to ask given the blasting headwinds they were flying into down in Washington .
He did it for the nookie .
( submitted by Mike )
Microsoft was kind enough to comment that Google will have a tough time selling both a phone and an OS .
Microsoft Corp. ’s Robbie Bach , head of the division that makes mobile - phone programs , said Google Inc. will have a hard time attracting partners to its wireless software after introducing its own handset .
Roughly Drafted toes the Apple - fanboy line that Android simply is n’t very important in the scheme of things :
But importantly , it will also expose Google ’s tired attempt to beat Microsoft ’s Window Mobile at its own game ( without applying much creativity ) as being much less important than the Android - enamored seem to think it is .
Google is n’t changing the world with Android , it ’s just ripping off an existing , unexceptional product .
Google ’s Android is not more special in the grand scheme of things than Compaq ’s effort to clone the original IBM PC .
Both miss the point rather badly .
At least as I read the situation .
Google is n’t really interested in building a phone , any more than it is really interested in building a browser ( Chrome ) , or even a phone OS ( Android ) .
Do n’t misunderstand , I have no doubt the specific individuals working on those projects are highly motivated people who believe passionately in their products .
I just do n’t think having a phone , even a good phone is really directly crucial to Google ’s corporate survival .
Why then , the Nexus One ?
Why Android ?
Why Chrome ?
Why Chrome OS ?
Why try to buy radio frequencies ?
What Does Google Want ?
Google is large , with lots of money , talent , resources , and leverage in the marketplace .
It has a wonderful brand .
It has cachet .
It has no interest in being the same company in five years that it is now — it is maniacal about growth .
So what does it do with its resources ?
To answer that question , you have to ask :
What does Google want ?
Google is not really interested in making a pot of money selling phones ( They , er , have a pot of money already ) .
That ’s kinda far from their core business , search .
They are not really hoping to provide email for every man woman or child , or move every person to Google Docs .
I doubt they were crushed that they did n’t win the radio frequencies .
Google is , in a general sense , interested in leveraging new technologies .
Particularly Internet technologies .
Why not ?
If I was Google I would believe that if a new area of application space opened up , Google has a better than even chance to develop best - in - class revenue generating software from it .
They do have some talent .
Put another way , Google figures if it competes on a level playing field , in a new area , it can win large .
Trying to monetize a slightly better email client is a loser .
The real success for Gmail ?
It pushed the state - of - the - art in browser apps .
So did Google Maps .
Google Docs .
What does Android do ?
Pushes the state of the art in phones .
Oh , Android phones are n’t better than an iPhone , not yet ; but the Nexus One and the Droid and such will push Apple to do things its closed mentality would rather not do .
It will push battery technology — you need power to use a network machine all the time .
It will push cellular companies to commoditize their bandwidth .
Add in Google Voice , and you no longer need a separate voice plan .
Having lots and lots of super - capable smartphones will push people ( and then companies ) to cloud data , which will make RIM unhappy but Google very happy .
The list goes on .
What happened when Chrome was released ?
A mini javascript - engine war that continues today .
Why is speed of Javascript execution so important to Google ?
All those applications run far faster with a better Javascript engine .
So Chrome pushes Apple , Mozilla , Microsoft et al to improve their Javascript .
Who really wins ?
The users , for sure , but Google wins big .
The average capability of the web browser went way up , at relatively little cost to Google .
Google is n’t so much interested in selling the best phone , or providing the best browser .
Google is intent in raising the average in areas it thinks are key to its future .
This is what Google ’s handset partners understand : they only really compete with Google if they do n’t push the state of the art .
As long as HTC and Motorola are pushing the bounds of what a smartphone can do , Google will be happy .
If they slack , Google will produce a phone just advanced enough to give them a kick in the pants .
Put it another way —
Google producing its own phone guarantees ( as much as Google can ) that Android ( and by extension the cell phone industry ) will not stagnate like Windows Mobile .
That ’s why Mozilla and Opera are n’t afraid of Chrome — they only need to be afraid when they choose to stop innovating .
And this is why status - quo industries should be afraid when Google casts an eye their way .
Put Chrome OS in every TV — scare the crap out of cable companies and Dell at the same time .
Create the ‘ Google Web TV Network ’ and program it from crowd - sourced web submissions ?
NBC might keel over .
Etc…
It is an interesting approach — Google is basically spending resources to accelerate areas of technology into the Garage .
Who knows where Google might push innovation next ?
Make no mistake , they do this to make money .
It ’s just that they have a different conception of how they ’ll make money from an advanced phone than say , Motorola does .
Or Apple does .
Hard to bet against them .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Email
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
This entry was posted on January 12 , 2010 at 12:59 am and is filed under Tech .
You can subscribe via RSS 2.0 feed to this post 's comments .
Tags : Android , Apple , AT&T , garage principle , Google , iPhone , Microsoft , Verizon
You can comment below , or link to this permanent URL from your own site .
1.9 M views
Dangerous memes Dan Dennett • TED2002 • February 2002
Starting with the simple tale of an ant , philosopher Dan Dennett unleashes a devastating salvo of ideas , making a powerful case for the existence of m… more
We all know that construction workers are crazy .
I mean come on .
You ca n’t stand outside in the sun all day wearing a hardhat , boots , gloves and overalls without frying your brain just a little bit !
And now , we have real evidence caught on video that these guys are out of control !
The Tape Measure Ninja !
Just imagine what this guy could do with a gun !
The Human Nail Gun
Big
Steve throws nails harder than anyone you ’ve ever seen !
What did this guy play with as a kid ?
Throwing stars ?
The Old Nailgun Bullseye Trick
Speaking of nails , you ever heard about someone splitting an arrow in a bullseye with another arrow ?
Watch this …
Saws Are For Sissys
Of course , nail tricks are for wussies .
Do NOT piss this guy off if he has a saw blade in his hand !
The 15 Ton Merry Go Round
Really though , are you truly playing around if you ’re not using 15 tons of earth moving equipment ?
I submit NOT .
The Arm Socket Destroyer !
You thought that the last one was bad ?
This guy nearly lost a couple of arms !
SINGAPORE ( Reuters ) - Cigarette pack warnings that remind smokers of the fatal consequences of their habit may actually make them smoke more as a way to cope with the inevitability of death , according to researchers .
A smoker lights up a cigarette in a public place near the Stade de Geneve in Geneva August 22 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Denis Balibouse
A small study by psychologists from the United States , Switzerland and Germany showed that warnings unrelated to death , such as “ smoking makes you unattractive ” or “ smoking brings you and the people around you severe damage , ” were more effective in changing smokers ’ attitudes toward their habit .
This was especially the case in people who smoked to boost their self - esteem , such as youth who took up the habit to impress or fit in with their peers and others who thought smoking increased their social value , the researchers said .
“ In general , when smokers are faced with death - related anti-smoking messages on cigarette packs , they produce active coping attempts as reflected in their willingness to continue the risky smoking behavior , ” the study said .
“ To succeed with anti-smoking messages on cigarette packs one has to take into account that considering their death may make people smoke . ”
The study was based on 39 psychology students , aged between 17 and 41 , who said they were smokers .
Participants filled in a questionnaire to determine how much their smoking was based on self - esteem , were then shown cigarette packs with different warnings on them , and then after a 15 - minute delay , the students were asked more questions about their smoking behavior that included if they intended to quit .
“ One the one hand , death - related warnings were not effective and even ironically caused more positive smoking attitudes among smokers who based their self - esteem on smoking , ” the study said .
“ On the other hand , warning messages that were unrelated to death effectively reduced smoking attitudes the more recipients based their self - esteem on smoking . ”
The researchers said this finding can be explained by the fact that warnings such as “ smoking makes you unattractive ” may be particularly threatening to people who believe that smoking makes them feel valued by others or boosts their self - image .
The study was published in the Journal of Experimental Social Psychology .
The US space agency NASA has conceded defeat in its battle to free its Spirit rover trapped in the Sand on Mars .
The vehicle became stuck in soft soil back in May last year and all the efforts to extricate it have failed .
NASA says Spirit , which landed on the Red Planet ver six years ago , will no longer be a fully mobile robot , and has instead designated the once - roving scientific explorer a stationary science platform .
Spirit is not dead ; it has just entered another phase of its long life , said Doug McCuistion , director of the Mars Exploration Program at NASA Headquarters in Washington .
After Spirit became embedded , the rover team crafted plans for trying to get the six - wheeled vehicle free using its five functioning wheels - the sixth wheel quit working in 2006 , limiting Spirit 's mobility .
The planning included experiments with a test rover in a sandbox at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif. , plus analysis , modeling and reviews .
In November , another wheel quit working , making a difficult situation even worse .
We told the world last year that attempts to set the beloved robot free may not be successful .
It looks like Spirit 's current location on Mars will be its final resting place .
It is one of two rovers Nasa landed on the planet in the January of 2004 .
The second vehicle , Opportunity , continues to roll freely on the surface .
Even in a stationary state , Spirit continues scientific research .
One stationary experiment Spirit has begun studies tiny wobbles in the rotation of Mars to gain insight about the planet 's core .
This requires months of radio - tracking the motion of a point on the surface of Mars to calculate long - term motion with an accuracy of a few inches .
There 's a class of science we can do only with a stationary vehicle that we had put off during the years of driving , said Steve Squyres , a researcher at Cornell University and principal investigator for Spirit and Opportunity .
The Federal Communications Commission has a long and disappointing history of generally failing to regulate ever - larger media and telecommunications companies , except , during fits of prudishness , in the area of so - called indecency .
But the latest incarnation of the FCC is proving to be more of a consumer advocate than its predecessors .
Under the leadership of Julius Genachowski , the commission shocked the tech world by prying into the secrecy of Apple , AT&T and Google .
Around the same time , the chairman made a strong push for net neutrality — a principle that interferes with the profit motive of certain Internet service providers while benefiting the average user .
The FCC ’s latest salvo on behalf of John and Jane Q. Public comes in the form of a letter to Verizon Wireless asking , in so many words , how the company justifies charging its subscribers $ 350 to get out of their contracts .
This can get very wonky very fast , but the commission ’s aggressive interest in things like fees and app stores is a refreshing change from just a regulatory body that also has to worry about satellites , white space and boobies .
A little background , if you ’re interested :
In the U.S. , most cell phones are sold with a subsidy .
In exchange for committing to a two - year contract , the carrier knocks $ 200 or so off the price of the phone .
Subscribers who break that contract are penalized an early - termination fee , which is typically about the same dollar amount as the subsidy , minus a deduction for each month of the contract the customer has fulfilled .
If they give you a $ 200 discount and you stay only a year , you owe them $ 100 .
It ’s pretty hard to argue with that logic .
Verizon has completely upset that delicate fairness by upping its early - termination fee for “ advanced devices ” — pretty much any phone of real interest or use — to $ 350 .
And its prorate scheme is such that if you stick to your contract for all but one month of the two years , you still owe $ 120 .
As if that were n’t enough , it seems Verizon has been sneaking $ 1.99 data usage fees into the bills of unsuspecting customers .
Go get ’em , Julius .
And could you please do something about rampant media conglomeration and this Adam Lambert nonsense ?
— PZS
Read more about it on Engadget / in The Wall Street Journal / in the FCC ’s letter to Verizon .
by Guest
contribution by Left Outside
Last year a girl died following allegedly consuming a mixture of Ketamine and Mephedrone .
A following coroner ’s report established that there were no drugs in her system and that she died of broncho - pneumonia following a streptococcal A infection .
The reporting of this at the time should have been described as scandalously irresponsible by any sensible definition of the term .
Both the Daily Mail and The Sun led with the above “ dishonest ” headlines .
Even the supposedly respectable The Telegraph claimed that “ Miss Price ’s death is not the first harrowing account of the devastating effect the drug can have . ”
The Telegraph come closest to the truth here , but only because the coroner ’s investigation revealed that Gabrielle Price ’s death was n’t the result of the drug at all .
None of the above provided a reliable source for the accusation she had been taking the drugs but they ran the story anyway .
At the time I speculated that this poor reporting was down to something other than malice or propaganda .
But this weekend ’s papers have caused me to reconsider my position .
The Telegraph reports that Children as young as 12 are turning up at school under the influence of a “ legal high ” drug , teachers and health workers have warned just as The Mail reports that the death of Ben Walters at a house party in Berkhamsted , Hertfordshire was the latest tragedy to be linked to the drug .
The two strands were then later combined into this story from The Daily Mail Legal but lethal :
The drug snorted by school kids which is sweeping Britain .
All three stories reference Gabrielle Price ’s death [ 1 ] despite it having been made clear she did not die as a result of taking the drugs discussed .
The primary source for this weekend ’s stories is an article in the Times Education Supplement quoting extensively from Jeff Bower .
He is Headteacher of Ben Walter ’s school and has called for the drug to be made illegal .
Unfortunately for Mr Bower ’s credibility he also uses the death of Gabrielle Price to back up this demand .
As cited above , the coroner ’s report does not back up this assertion .
The worrying inaccuracies continue .
One of the prominent sources for the alleged drug taking of Ben Walters is a college friend of Ben ’s who describes the drug taken .
Nobody thinks it ’s dangerous because it ’s legal .
It ’s a substitute for heroin but you can get it over the internet
The drug described is Methadone , not Mephedrone .
Methedone is a substance which recovering heroin addicts take to wean themselves of the dangerous opiate , it is not related to Mephedrone .
I do not doubt for a second that she had the best of intentions but the inaccurate information given by her has been repeated unchallenged by the papers above .
In an area where accuracy is paramount the reporting of this death poses more questions than it provides answers .
The efforts of The Telegraph , The Sun , The Mail , The Times Educational Supplement , Mr Bower and many others make a rational discussion of the use and abuse of Mephedrone impossible .
Drugs affect everyone ’s lives either directly or indirectly and it is important that they are discussed honestly .
Lies , smears and misreporting are not the way to go about it , but it is what we have become used to .
Note :
[ 1 ]
In the last story she is referred to as Gabrielle Wood , I am not aware if she went under both names of if this is a further example of the Mail ’s lax editorial standards .
[ 2 ]
No clarification on the true circumstances of Gabrielle Price ’s death has been issued by any of the papers discussed above .
[ 3 ] I have not checked all the print editions since but there has been no clarification online .
[ 4 ]
In fact as they ’ve made clear in their latest articles , they are still linking her death directly to Mephedrone in contradiction to the coroner ’s own report .
— — — –
First posted at the Left Outside blog
The issue has ramifications beyond the Games because Olympic standards tend to be adopted by groups like the International Association of Athletics Federations , track ’s governing body , as well as national and local athletic organizations .
“ The Caster Semenya issue just demonstrated the chaos that can occur if there is not a prescriptive way of addressing this , ” said Dr. Joe Leigh Simpson of Florida International University .
He is an expert on gender disorders and an invited participant at the Olympic committee meetings in Miami .
Although it may seem straightforward to decide who is a man and who is a woman , it can be a scientific and medical mess , experts said .
Some with the male - determining Y chromosome , for example , do not respond to testosterone .
They develop as females .
Others , genetically female with two X chromosomes , have overdeveloped adrenal glands whose hormones are converted to testosterone .
They have high testosterone levels , like men , and ambiguous genitalia .
Are they to compete with men or women ?
Athletes whose sex is ambiguous say testing can be invasive and traumatic .
One who has spoken up , writing an essay in the medical journal The Lancet , is María José Martínez - Patiño , a Spanish hurdler .
She had sex testing at age 22 at the 1983 world championships in Helsinki .
She received a “ certificate of femininity . ”
In 1985 , she was tested again at the World University Games in Kobe , Japan .
The night before her race , she was told , in front of her teammates , that there was a problem .
It turned out that she has a Y chromosome and a genetic defect preventing her from responding to testosterone .
The suspicion of terrorism was dropped long before trial and JFL was sentenced under RIPA Part III as a general criminal rather than a threat to national security .
Although he admitted guilt , JFL argues he did nobody any harm and the offences were all related to not cooperating fully with police .
Despite referencing his solitary existence , Judge Hetherington appeared not to know about JFL 's mental health problems and criticised him for not speaking to authorities .
Jack Straw -
' We knew that terrorists were going to use this "
Abandoning normal court procedures , he said : " It was because I was satisfied you would not tell the Probation Service anything significant further that I saw no purpose in obtaining a pre-sentence report which is normally a prerequisite for someone of no previous convictions who has not previously received a prison sentence . "
Sticking to normal procedure might have helped explain much of JFL 's behaviour in interviews and while on bail .
Pre-sentence reports include mental health records and JFL himself sought psychiatric treatment once before , while a computer science student .
His given reason for not cooperating with CTC - the fact that a section 49 notice overrides the right to silence - echoes the original debate over RIPA and encryption .
When the law was drafted at the end of the last decade it sparked protests from civil liberties groups and security experts .
In September 2001 , shortly after his stint as Home Secretary , when he had introduced RIPA , Jack Straw took to the airwaves to defend the powers .
" It was government trying to put in place increased powers so that we could preserve and sustain our democracy against this new kind of threat , " he said in a Radio 4 interview .
" We needed to take powers so that we could de-encrypt commercially encrypted e-mails and other communications .
Why ?
Because we knew that terrorists were going to use this . "
News that the first person jailed for the offence of not talking in a police interview has been judged no threat to national security and suffers from a mental condition associated with paranoia and a fear of authorities is unlikely to win RIPA Part III new supporters .
It will also be news to at least the part of government that administers the justice system .
On 3 November , Claire Ward , a junior Minister in the Ministry of Justice told Parliament : " Up to the end of 2007 ( latest available ) there have been no persons reported to the Ministry of Justice as being cautioned , prosecuted or convicted under section 53 of the Act in England and Wales .
" The government are satisfied that offences set in RIPA are appropriate and that the legislation is being used effectively " . ®
Washington ( CNN ) --
More than one in 10 juvenile detainees in major U.S. facilities say they experienced some form of sexual abuse or sexual victimization while in detention , according to a report Thursday by the Department of Justice .
The report 's major finding is only an estimate , due to the inability to verify the information collected through questionnaires .
Still , the estimated 12 percent of more than 26,000 detained juveniles reporting sexual victimization by other detainees or staff members brought a pledge of steps to address the issue .
The findings " bring into focus the dire circumstances that too many youth in juvenile correctional facilities have to endure , " said a Justice Department statement issued with the report .
" While the report focuses on specific types of juvenile facilities -- larger facilities that typically hold adjudicated youth for longer periods -- the Department of Justice is committed to addressing confinement issues for all youth in all facilities , " the statement said .
The Review Panel on Prison Rape -- part of the Justice Department 's Office of Justice Programs -- will hold hearings on the report as part of a broader effort to reduce prison rape , according to the statement .
In addition , the department 's Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention is seeking funding for a National Training and Technical Assistance Center to improve conditions and treatment services for detained youths , the statement said .
Attorney General Eric Holder appointed a working group under the Prison Rape Elimination
Act to review standards proposed by the National Prison Rape Elimination Commission and draft national standards for detecting and preventing prison rape , the statement said .
According to the report , juvenile detainees filled in computer questionnaires about sexual victimization in their facilities .
A total of 9,198 respondents out of 26,551 youths held in 195 major public and private facilities nationwide participated in the voluntary survey conducted from June 2008 to April 2009 , it said .
Because the survey collected allegations from anonymous participants with no follow - up investigation or substantiation through review , " some allegations ... may be untrue , " the report said .
The results showed 1,199 youths reporting " one or more incidents of sexual victimization , " the report said .
That figure was then extrapolated for the entire survey population to produce the estimate of 3,220 detained youths experiencing sexual victimization , or 12.1 percent of the 26,551 total , according to the report .
Other estimated findings of the survey included :
• More than 10 percent of detained youths reported a sexual victimization incident involving staff members , while less than 3 percent reported incidents involving other youths .
• About 95 percent of all youth reporting staff sexual misconduct said they had been victimized by female staff .
In 2008 , 42 percent of staff in state juvenile facilities were female .
• Thirteen facilities were identified as " high rate , " with an estimate of at least 20 percent of their population reporting sexual victimization .
For some , the estimate exceeded 30 percent .
• Among youth victimized by another youth , an estimated 20 percent said they had been physically injured and 5 percent reported they sought medical attention for their injuries .
Among youth victimized by staff , 5 percent reported a physical injury and less than 1 percent sought medical attention .
Linwood Probate Attorney
Cherry Hill Estate Administration Lawyer
Pennsylvania And New Jersey Probate Lawyer
The death of a loved one is always an emotional event .
Despite the family ’s exhaustion , in the days and weeks that follow someone will be given the overwhelming responsibility of serving as the executor for the estate — often an adult child or relative of the deceased who lives out of the area .
The designated representative finds that administration of the estate involves not only identification of beneficiaries / heirs and property , but the management of assets , insurance , real estate and numerous tax filings , often involving the laws of several states and the federal government .
Probate and estate administration attorneys at the Rice & Quattrone , PC , our southern New Jersey elder law firm , assist executors and beneficiaries during this process .
Whether you are from New Jersey , or live out of the area but are involved in a Pennsylvania or New Jersey probate court issue , we will be happy to serve as your representative .
Contact our Ocean City probate law office to discuss your needs with a probate lawyer .
In New Jersey and Pennsylvania , the probate process involves the identification of the decedent ’s legal will and appointment of an executor / personal representative .
Estate administration follows a sometimes lengthy and complicated process during which the executor is responsible for identifying beneficiaries and property , interpreting the terms of the will , administering trusts , disposing of real estate , filing numerous income and estate tax returns , and possibly more .
As attorney - in - fact ( pursuant to a power of attorney ) , conservator , guardian , executor , administrator or trustee you , the fiduciary , are responsible for handling the affairs of another .
Clients may prefer to handle some of the work themselves , relying on us primarily for advice .
In other situations , our probate lawyers will prepare all court filings and returns for inheritance , income , gift and estate taxes during the course of the estate or trust administration .
When relationships or communications among beneficiaries and the executor are strained , our office will act as an intermediary , fielding calls from beneficiaries regarding their rights and reasonable expectations .
Our lawyers also represent the interests of beneficiaries of estates and trusts , and can assist in a case where someone dies intestate ( without a properly executed will ) .
In cases where a will or trust is contested , our trial attorneys have the experience and skill to aggressively protect the rightful heirs in negotiations and litigation .
For general information , visit our probate and estate administration information center and see articles on current topics at our E - news : probate and estate planning .
If you or someone you care about is facing probate or estate planning issues , an elder law attorney at our firm will take the time to get to know you before determining your needs .
Contact our southern New Jersey elder law offices at either Cherry Hill or Linwood .
Russian born Natalia Ragozina is a beautiful boxing champion , but she never dreamt she would become a world class fighter .
Natalia wanted to be a stewardess when she was young , but when she boarded a plane , she realized she was afraid to fly !
She then set her sights on becoming a famous model .
After sending photos and applying to several Moscow modeling agencies , she became quickly disappointed that she was not getting many results from the modeling world .
So she changed her focus again ; this time on martial arts .
She was first invited to the gym by some male friends .
They handed her some gloves and she jumped into the ring .
Her first bout ended with a broken nose and a bloody lip , but she was hooked .
That first defeat inspired her to continuing training so she could beat the boys .
She soon became a strong , talented athlete and then the modeling agencies and movie directors were knocking down her door .
She continued to focus on her sport , winning many championships , but likes to act and model on the side .
She is looking forward to competing in the 2012 London Summer Olympics now that women ’s boxing is included in the games .
She is known for wearing a unique boxing outfit in every fight , like a schoolgirl uniform or some other cute getup involving a short skirt .
She says , “ Women ’s boxing should look nice and feminine , ” and remarks that she likes “ to do things with beauty and grace . ”
These are interesting comments considering the core brutality of the sport .
What if her pretty face gets badly injured ?
She says she knows she will need her appearance more than her strength in the future , so she tries to keep her distance and not let her opponents get too close to punching her face .
At Self Storage Concierge we take pride in providing you with a flexible and affordable self storage service .
Our units range from 10 sq ft to 125 sq ft - so whatever you ’re looking for , there ’s sure to be something right for you .
The best part ?
You only pay for what you use - whether you require a small room or something a little larger , we ’re here to make sure you find the right size and price for your budget .
Our units range from 10 sq ft to 125 sq ft - so whatever you ’re looking for , there ’s sure to be something right for you .
The best part ?
You only pay for what you use - whether you require a small room or something a little larger , we ’re here to make sure you find the right size and price for your budget .
We ’ll even help you move in - our friendly drivers will be happy to assist you move in .
calciomercato
serie a
seriea
L'assemblea della Lega Serie
A e il Consiglio Federale della
Figc hanno stabilito le date di inizio e di fine della sessione del calciomercato estivo 2020 : è cominciato il 1 settembre e terminerà il 5 ottobre .
È la finestra " d'autunno " che rappresenta una novità rispetto all ' abituale periodo delle contrattazioni e si giustifica con la necessità di adeguare tutte le date alla situazione contingent .
Lost wax casting , is the process by which bronze is cast from an artist ’s sculpture .
This is the most precise metal casting technique in existence , ensuring accurate reproductions of the original sculpture and exquisite detail .
Developed over 4,000 years ago , this ancient practice varies from foundry to foundry , but the steps which are usually used in casting bronze sculptures in modern bronze factories are generally standardized .
Pics from Vasi
We Recommend :
Data source : Net Applications
Windows 7 sold well during the 2009 holiday season , and the results are showing up , not only in sheer revenue , but in the OS market share numbers as well .
Nevertheless , in December 2009 , Linux was the only operating system to show positive percentage growth in market share .
Between November and December 2009 , Windows market share dropped 0.31 percentage points ( from 92.52 percent to 92.21 percent ) , Mac OS dipped 0.01 percentage points ( from 5.12 percent to 5.11 percent ) , and Linux edged forward 0.02 percentage points ( from 1.00 percent to 1.02 percent ) .
Strong sales from Windows 7 and Snow Leopard were not enough to stop both Windows overall and Mac OS overall from dropping .
When putting this into perspective across the whole year , though , we see that Windows was actually sliding steadily throughout 2009 ( 93.66 percent in January 2009 ) , while both Mac OS ( 4.71 percent in January 2009 ) and Linux ( 0.90 percent in January 2009 ) have been gaining .
You can see the market share pie for December 2009 , according to Net Applications , at the top of this post .
The graph directly above this paragraph shows how things at Ars are different from those elsewhere , but the differences are n't as significant when it comes to the browser market : our Mac OS share is more than five times greater than the rest of the world , while Linux is six times more .
Nevertheless , more than half of our users are on Windows .
Data source : Net Applications
Even if Windows is slowly losing share , Windows 7 is doing phenomenally well .
Above , you can see how quickly the OS has been gaining share in its first few months compared to Windows Vista 's first few months .
While Vista was at 0.93 percent after a month , Windows 7 was at 4.00 percent ; when Vista jumped to 2.04 percent after two months , Windows 7 hit 5.71 percent .
There are many reasons for this , including the fact that Vista had to compete with XP , which was on the market for an abnormally long time .
Furthermore , Windows 7 arrived in time for holiday sales , while Vista did not .
In addition , Windows 7 had a very successful beta program , both private and public .
Most importantly though , Microsoft managed to generate the kind of hype around Windows 7 that it has n't generated around any of its operating systems in years .
Data source : Net Applications
In terms of OS versions , Windows saw the following changes between November and December : Windows XP dropped 1.28 percentage points ( from 69.05 percent to 67.77 percent ) , Windows Vista dropped 0.68 percentage points ( from 18.55 percent to 17.87 percent ) , and Windows 7 gained 1.71 percentage points ( from 4.00 percent to 5.71 percent ) , meaning it has passed all versions of Mac OS .
Speaking of which , Mac OS saw the following progress : version 10.4 dipped 0.04 percentage points ( from 0.84 percent to 0.80 percent ) , version 10.5 dipped 0.14 percentage points ( from 2.61 percent to 2.47 percent ) , and version 10.6 moved up 0.22 percentage points ( from 1.38 percent to 1.60 percent ) .
Taking the historical perspective , we can see that Windows Vista and Windows 7 together have just over a third of Windows XP 's market share , while Mac OS 10.5 and 10.6 together have more than five times the market share of Mac OS 10.4 .
Before the end of 2010 , we 're expecting to see Windows 7 pass Windows Vista , Windows XP to drop below the 50 percent mark , and Mac OS X 10.6 to pass 10.5 and 10.4 combined .
We choose as our friends those we feel we do n't have to lie to , those who share with us a common set of assumptions on music , morals , reading , sport and entertainment options .
We choose as our philosophy or our religion or our creed a set of rules that makes us comfortable , that does n't when it 's articulated make us cringe .
And it 's for similar reasons we all hate , I think , we all inwardly hate the Australian National Anthem .
We give way to untruth every time we stand for it .
We give way to untruth every time we sing it .
We are not stirred when we hear it at the Olympic Games .
We feel vaguely shamed by it , as the Canadians , French and Finnish are not by theirs .
Their songs enlarge them .
Ours makes us feel , however slightly , like dickheads .
Though ' I Am , You Are , We Are Australians ' brings us to tears of pride , especially when sung by children , ' Advance Australia Fair ' makes us cringe .
And when we stand up for it , we are usually , inwardly , lying .
Every one of the first six lines rings false .
We are not young .
We are not free .
Our soil is not golden .
Wealth does not come from toil here , but from birth or short - selling or real estate .
And though we are ' girt by sea ' so are all islands , and we are an island , and this is scarcely worth noting .
And our land does not ' abound with precious gifts ' , it is two - thirds desert .
Unless you count uranium I suppose , and the immensity of coal that is currently choking the planet , it does not abound , it is a desert waste .
The very first line , ' Australians all , let us rejoice ' , rings as false as ' I did but see her passing by ' or ' tough but humane ' .
In real life you rejoice or you do not , you can not be asked to rejoice .
You can be asked to give thanks , for that is a form of words .
You can be asked to bow your head in prayer .
You can not be asked to rejoice , for that is a spontaneous emotion , and you have it or not .
When Mrs Thatcher said ' I say unto you : rejoice ' at the end of the needless Falklands War , she was as falsely tuned as we are when we are called upon to fill with joy at the thought of the oldest and driest land with one of the cruellest colonial histories , of poisoned flour and stolen children , and not one Indigenous person or immigrant Vietnamese , or Sudanese , or Palestinian in our Senate or House of Representatives , and give vent to our pleasured excitement .
This is a problem to work on , not a victory to rejoice in .
The second verse ' For those who come across the seas / We 've boundless wealth to share ' is an especially big lie .
Our wealth is not boundless , and BHP Billiton does not like to share it .
And boat people coming here across the sea if detected are towed back to Indonesia , or , until quite recently , imprisoned in Woomera , Baxter , Port Hedland , Villawood or Nauru .
The image of easy prosperity , true for some who buy their way in for a million dollars , is not , however , true for those Kosovans who fled here from ethnic cleansing and were soon sent back to the neighbourhoods their families were killed in .
Nor those Hazaras fleeing the Taliban who were accused of being Taliban themselves , and charged a million dollars for their incarceration .
A national anthem should above all not lie to us ; not lie to us clumsily , or even smoothly .
It can avoid certain historical subjects , for we all have ugly national secrets , but it should not say things that are not true .
' Young and free ' was not true of Aborigines for our first 189 years and it is not widely true of them now .
Outback squalor , infantile deafness , poor education , child - betrothals , incest , wife - beating , frequent gaolings and Third World levels of health outcomes , do not add up to freedom .
Nor can the world 's oldest continuing cultural traditions , 40,000 or 50,000 years of them , be called young .
This country is only young if we ethnically cleanse from our national memory our original people , and the half million we murdered or brought through trauma and grief to death by kidnapping , alcohol , unjust imprisonment and centuries of mockery .
Canada has a history as abominable as ours but has a good national anthem that does not slither into lying .
O Canada ( it says )
Our home and native land !
True patriot love in all thy sons command .
With glowing hearts we see thee rise ,
The True North strong and free !
From far and wide , O Canada ,
We stand on guard for thee .
And so , in a more rousing way , does ( amazingly ) New Zealand .
God of nations ! at Thy feet
In the bonds of love we meet ,
Hear our voices , we entreat ,
God defend our Free Land .
Guard Pacific 's triple star ,
From the shafts of strife and war ,
Make her praises heard afar ,
God defend New Zealand
Men of every creed and race
Gather here before
Thy face ,
Asking
Thee to bless this place ,
God defend our Free Land .
From dissension , envy , hate ,
And corruption guard our State ,
Make our country good and great ,
God defend New Zealand .
Ours , alas , is very different and , on most grand occasions , dismaying .
What should we do about this bear - trap of denial , untruth , bad poetry and poor music ?
Well , Gough Whitlam had a National Anthem Competition in 1973 ( and I , not that it matters , was one of the six finalists ) , which was abandoned after the Musicians '
Union demanded payment every time the new song was broadcast , but it was n't , inherently , a bad idea , and we could do the same thing now , and get Bill Shorten to negotiate with the relevant union thugs .
New words to our best tune ' Song of Australia ' would n't hurt .
Or ' I Still Call Australia Home ' .
Or ' Waltzing Matilda ' ( ' Sing for Australia , work for Australia , pray for Australia at sunset and dawn ' , and so on ) .
Or we could ask Bruce Woodley , as he did for the Marysville fires , to rewrite or condense the words of ' I Am , You Are , We Are Australian ' .
Or simply sing it as it is , a celebration of our multiculturalism , our convict past , our Aboriginal heritage .
There is no law that says a national anthem can't be three minutes long .
An orchestral truncation of it would suffice at the Olympic Games when we win gold medals .
But at football games , and cricket Tests , and State funerals , and parliament openings , it could be sung in full , with the crowd joining in at the chorus , and stir us , as an anthem should , to love of country , pride in ourselves , community forgiveness , an extended hand across differences .
I came from the dream - time , from the dusty red soil plains
I am the ancient heart , the keeper of the flame .
I stood upon the rocky shore , I watched the tall ships come .
For forty thousand years I 've been the first Australian .
We are one , but we are many
And from all the lands on earth we come
We share a dream and sing with one voice :
I am , you are , we are Australian
I came upon the prison ship , bowed down by iron chains .
I cleared the land , endured the lash and waited for the rains .
I 'm a settler , I 'm a farmer 's wife on a dry and barren run
A convict then a free man , I became Australian ...
And so on .
I can't see any argument against this ; can you ?
Or perhaps you 'd prefer to stand up for the rest of your life singing ' girt by sea ' .
It 's not healthy , I think , to give roaring voice at public events to a pack of lies .
Or perhaps you disagree .
“ Whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends , it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it . ” – Thomas Jefferson , Declaration of Independence
Remember , remember the Fifth of November ,
The Gunpowder Treason and Plot ,
I know of no reason why the Gunpowder Treason
Should ever be forgot !!
Guy Fawkes , Guy Fawkes , t'was his intent
To blow up the King and Parli'ment .
Three - score barrels of powder below
To prove old England 's overthrow !!!
On the Fifth of November , 1605 , a group of Catholic freedom fighters , or terrorists from the monarch 's perspective , attempted to blow up the aristocratic House of Lords and King James I due to relentless religious persecution .
Guy Fawkes , a former soldier and demolition expert , was caught below Parliament with 800 kilograms ( 1760 pounds ) of gunpowder .
Guy was tortured for days to divulge the names of his other conspirators , then sentenced to be hanged , then drawn and quartered .
Rather than suffer the ripping apart of his body by horses , Fawkes jumped into the air and snapped his neck .
The King ordered that every year thereafter effigies of Fawkes were to be burned in effigy as a reminder to all to never commit treason against the State .
In fact , the term “ guy ” used in speech for a person originated from this effigy of Fawkes , which was called a “ Guy . ”
In 2006 , the movie V for Vendetta starring Natalie Portman and Hugo Weaving was released based on a graphic novel set in the future with a mysterious man wearing a mask who endeavors to free the people from an oppressive police state .
While I advocate a peaceful revolution in people 's minds , many challenge me , claiming that the United States of America is not a totalitarian regime .
I certainly agree we do not live in Maoist China , but we are on a far more slippery slope than many believe , due in great part to the ineptitude of the mainstream media .
Many Americans do not realize that an impeachment hearing was held in 2008 for then - President George Bush II due to the war and soldier deaths in Iraq .
Many Americans do not realize that Iraq veterans peacefully marched on the last McBama presidential debate last fall and were attacked by mounted police , and one veteran had his skull crunched and could have died .
Many Americans do not realize that the right requiring warrants before your home and belongings are searched has been violated countless times , as evidenced by this assault on an innocent Maryland mayor 's home and surveillance cameras in residential areas in Lancaster , PA .
As I listed in an August speech , many Americans do not know :
With the passing of the USA PATRIOT Act after 9/11 , any financial transaction over $ 10,000 is reported to the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network , a sub - branch of the Treasury Department , as possible criminal or terrorist activity .
Section 6050 of HR 3221 , passed in 2008 , authorizes the IRS to view every single credit card transaction made by every single individual in the United States without a warrant or informing the individual .
In 2008 , Republican President George Bush signed into law HR 6304 .
Title 8 , Section 801 of this bill gave private companies legal immunity to commit warrantless wiretapping on any phone or email communication from any American citizen .
As a result , everyone is a criminal suspect without probable cause or warrant issued by a court of law .
In February 2009 , Democrat President Barack Obama signed into law HR 1 , otherwise known as the Obama Stimulus Plan .
Sub Title A Section 3001 commits the federal government to keeping full electronic medical record of each individual by 2014 where it may be accessed from any government computer terminal of many federal departments , even including the FDIC which insures bank deposits .
Do you want your private health history information on a bad heart , psychological records , medication records viewable to any government bureaucrat ?
This is a massive violation of patient privacy !
As Jefferson wrote , for these violations and countless more , We the People must struggle against this collection of bureaucrat rogues who have demonstrated no desire to have a constitutional republic based on the rule of law .
The mental misfits of Congress who award bailout after bailout and are willing sponsors of state - sponsored corporatism must be removed from power .
The lawless House Speaker who verbally defecates on the Constitution by proclaiming the Commerce Clause enables Congress to exercise unlimited economic central planning authority must be removed .
The reckless spending of the stimulus plan must be halted .
One year ago this November 5th , a brave man running for President proclaimed to the nation , “ Let it not be said that no one cared , that no one objected , once it is realized that our Liberties and our Wealth are in Jeopardy . ”
He went on to raise $ 4.2 million from 35,000 donors in a single day , setting a fundraising record .
Efforts by Establishment candidates Obama , Huckabee , McCain and others to copy this event failed miserably .
One month later , the same man raised over $ 6 million from 58,407 donors in a single day , shattering his own record .
Just as Dr. Ron Paul did , I peacefully rise and say that I too object to this monstrous federal government that fritters away our civil liberties as it they were garbaged , has engaged in multiple preemptive , undeclared wars of aggression , and debased the nation 's currency by the insidious acts of the Federal Reserve .
Towne for Congress is very pleased to be taking part in www.ThisNovember5th.com's money bomb .
For the Republic !
Jake Towne , the Champion of the Constitution
November 3 , 2009
_______________________________________________________________________
Jake Towne is running for U.S. Congress in Pennsylvania 's 15th District in the 2010 election as a citizen unaffiliated with any political parties .
Jake also writes at www.LibertyMaven.com, www.NolanChart.com andwww.CampaignForLiberty.com.
A novel campaign website where you can comment on articles and start discussions is available at TowneForCongress.com .
[ Reach the Author Here ! ]
_______________________________________________________________________
We the People of the United States , in Order to form a more perfect Union , establish Justice , insure domestic Tranquility , provide for the common defence , promote the general Welfare , and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity , do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America .
As always , unlike the NFL , the author grants full permission to allow any accounts of , rebroadcasts , retransmissions , repostings of this article to your blog or anywhere else in order to promote the Restoration of our Republic .
Veritas numquam perit .
Veritas odit moras .
Veritas vincit .
Truth never perishes .
Truth hates delay .
Truth conquers .
Tu ne cede malis sed contra audentior ito .
Do not give in to evil but proceed ever more boldly against it .
_______________________________________________________________________
Other Recent Articles by the Author
Jake Towne to Nancy Pelosi – Are YOU Serious ?
Abolish the Federal Department of Education !!!
Jake Towne's Iraq War Plank
On the Dollar – Congressman Charlie Dent Answers a Question from Jake Towne
America 's Military Empire ( UPDATED )
THE OPEN OFFICE – An Open Letter to Congressman Dent
Jake Towne's Bailout and Corporatism Plank
Jake Towne's Veterans Plank
Jake Towne's Plank on the Federal Reserve
Young children who are smacked ' go on to be more successful '
Disciplined : Children who have been physically admonished at a young age performed better on all counts
Young children who are smacked by their parents grow up to be happier and more successful than those who have never been hit , research claims .
It found that children who are smacked before the age of six perform better at school when they are teenagers .
They are also more likely to do voluntary work and to want to go to university than those who have never been physically disciplined .
But the study also revealed that children who are smacked after the age of six were more likely to exhibit behavioural problems , such as being involved in fights .
Smacking is currently banned in 20 European countries , including Germany , Spain and the Netherlands .
In Britain ' reasonable chastisement ' in the home is allowed unless it leaves a mark .
But the study , by Marjorie Gunnoe , professor of Psychology at Calvin College in the U.S. state of Michigan , found there was not enough evidence to prove that smacking harmed most children .
She said : ' The claims that are made for not spanking children fail to hold up .
' I think of spanking as a dangerous - tool , but then there are times when there is a job big enough for a dangerous tool .
You do n't use it for all your jobs . '
Professor Gunnoe questioned 2,600 people about being smacked , of whom a quarter had never been physically chastised .
The participants ' answers then were compared with their behaviour , such as academic success , optimism about the future , antisocial behaviour , violence and bouts of depression .
Teenagers in the survey who had been smacked only between the ages of two and six performed best on all the positive measures .
Those who had been smacked between seven and 11 fared worse on negative behaviour but were more likely to be academically successful .
Teenagers who were still smacked fared worst on all counts .
Parenting guru Penelope Leach disagreed with the findings .
' No good can come from hitting a child , ' she said .
' I do not buy this idea that children will learn positive behaviour from being smacked .
' The law says adults hitting adults is wrong and children should be protected in the same way .
Children are people too . '
But psychologist Aric Sigman said : ' The idea smacking and violence are on a continuum is a bizarre and fetished view of what punishment is for most parents .
' If it 's done judiciously by a parent who is normally affectionate and sensitive to their child , our society should not be up in arms about that .
Parents should be taught to distinguish this from a punch in the face . '
Two years ago , Britain was criticised by the UN for failing to ban smacking in the home , after experts said it was a form of abuse .
And growing numbers of the public seem to agree : A recent poll found 71 per cent of parents would support a ban on smacking .
As one of the most popular programs ever developed , you simply must play the free game that is Fortnite .
The Battle Royale never costs you any money , and you will find that it is quite addicting .
You will be playing with 100 other fanatics in an epic battle where only the last person standing ...
In a recent interview with Play3 , Sony ’s Senior VP of Product Development , Shuhei Yoshida said that the PlayStation 4 will use optical storage discs like Blu - Ray for blockbuster games .
This was surprising considering Sony ’s digital push with UMD - less PSPgo , and the trend the gaming industry has shown toward digital distribution .
So if the PS4 is to feature an optical disc drive , what will the storage format be ?
Will we see yet another Blu - Ray equipped console ?
Or will Sony usher in a new technology much like the PS2 did with DVD and the PS3 did with Blu - Ray ?
We may have the answer after the jump …
Considering Sony ’s track record of innovation and “ future proofing ” their consoles , it ’s hard to believe that Sony will yet again equip their console with a Blu - Ray drive .
Blu - Ray is what ’s hot currently , and while games still are n’t quite filling Blu - Ray discs ’ maximum storage capacity , the format is clearly the “ present ” and not the “ future ” .
To fully “ future proof ” the PS4 to withstand the standard PlayStation 10 - year lifecycle , Sony is going to need to go above and beyond Blu - Ray .
Sony , not - to - be outdone by anyone , is rumored to be working on a successor to Blu - Ray .
According to an article in the current issue of GameInformer magazine ( Dead Space Cover ; Issue 201 ) Sony is hard at work on “ the next jump ” , a disc similar to the previously announced Holographic Versatile Disc .
The disc is said to have a capacity of 6TB ( terabytes ) or 6,000GB ( gigabytes ) , more than enough to support 1080 p HD video , 3D imagery , uncompressed loseless HD audio , along with any other AV codec you could throw at it .
On top of all that storage , the format can use the massive amount of available space to implicate extra security measures , a major positive when pitching the format to game developers ( and movie studios ) who do n’t want their games pirated .
It ’s difficult enough looking into the future to predict such a need , even more so now with digital distribution becoming more and more prevalent .
Sony has done it in the past with Blu - Ray and with the help of the PlayStation 3 , made the format an everyday , household name .
While Blu - Ray is here to stay and certainly has plenty of life left in it , so does the PlayStation 3 .
When the time arrives for the PlayStation 4 to be released , there could be a need for such a massive capacity storage medium .
If Sony sees a need for such a format in the future , they ’d likely look to the PlayStation 4 to replicate the success the PS3 had in ushering in Blu - Ray .
Do you see a need for such a technology ?
Do you think the Sony would take the risk again with another new format debuting on a PlayStation console ?
Or have they learned a lesson from the PS3 ’s launch price and initial reception ?
A labor - saving device for graffiti artists .
An assistive tool or telematic proxy for taggers working in harsh environments .
Long - needed relief for graffiti artists with RSI .
Or simply , pure research into as - yet - untrammeled intersections of automation and architecture .
We give you : the ROBOTAGGER , an industrial robot arm programmed with GML , the new “ Graffiti Markup Language ” created by Evan Roth and pals at the FAT Lab .
This quick project came together over the past weekend in CMU ’s Digital Fabrication Laboratory ( dFAB ) , directed by my pal , Professor Jeremy Ficca .
Inspired by a tweet from Evan Roth , one of the co-creators of GML , we reckoned it would be easy to transcode GML into a file format suitable for robotic CAD / CAM machining .
The result is a small Processing utility that converts GML into DXF and CSV ( you can download the GML - to - DXF source code here ) .
After tinkering around for a while we developed a pipeline for converting the GML / DXF strokes from 000000 book.com into machining paths for the dFAB ’s ABB IRB - 4400 , an eight foot tall industrial robot arm .
One of our first tags , which you can see in the video , was made from GML produced by TEMPT ONE ( Tony Quan ) , a graffiti writer with Lou Gehrig ’s disease who produced the GML recording with the FAT Lab ’s well - known EyeWriter software .
Although there ’s been a lot of data loss and translation along the way , it ’s not completely unreasonable to think of the Robotagger as a prosthesis for Tony .
I hope we can pursue this possibility a little further .
Speaking of future directions , there are lots of interesting research topics latent here in automated calligraphy .
We were astonished to realize just how important the force - feedback of pressure is to the visual quality of the drawings .
( The first 20 seconds of the video shows what I mean in an extreme way – we shattered a marker and sent ink everywhere when our estimate of the Z - plane turned out to be off by a quarter - inch .
Looks like we need to get that force - measuring software extension that ABB sells . )
Going forward , we ’re interested in exploring robotic performances of higher - dimensional gesture data , such as that produced by Wacom tablets , which provides high - resolution information about the pressure , azimuth and elevation ( yaw and pitch ) of the tagger ’s stylus .
Watch this space —
I ’ll be developing some tools to help the next version of GML encode this information .
The Robotagger is a collaboration of Jeremy Ficca ’s dFAB at CMU ; the STUDIO for Creative Inquiry at Carnegie Mellon , which I direct ; and the FAT Lab ’s GML initiative .
We used the Sharpie Magnum and the wonderful 2 - inch Montana Hardcore markers , which ( AFAIK ) are the largest magic markers in commercial production .
( And of course , for the deep history of prior work blending graffiti and automation , do n’t forget to check out the spraycan - enabled Graffiti Writer robot [ 1998 -2000 ] by the Institute for Applied Autonomy , and Jürg Lehni ’s wall - spraying Hektor robot [ 2002 ] . )
[ Extra link : RoboTagger on Youtube ]
UPDATE 1/19/10 : Peace Corps Response needs Returned Peace Corps Volunteers [ only ] who are Kreyol speakers to leave for Haiti within 24 - 48 hours .
Contact pcresponse [ at ] peacecorps.gov .
Peace Corps has created a questionnaire ( not an application ) to gauge the current level of interest among Returned Peace Corps Volunteers [ only ] to assist Haiti via Peace Corps Response ( formerly Crisis Corps ) .
If you are a Returned Peace Corps Volunteer willing and able to volunteer in Haiti , please copy and paste these questions , and fill out your responses , in an email to : pcresponse [ at ] peacecorps.gov .
Peace Corps Response is the agency ’s program that mobilizes former Peace Corps Volunteers to serve in short - term , high - impact volunteer roles .
Follow more news about Peace Corps and the Haiti Earthquake on Peace Corps Polyglot , the blog of the National Peace Corps Association , and on the Haiti Disaster Response discussion group for RPCVs .
Peace Corps Response — Haiti Response Questionnaire
Thank you for your interest in assisting Haiti during this time of emergency .
To help us gauge the current level of interest among former Peace Corps Volunteers , please fill out this questionnaire .
This is NOT an application .
Please keep your answers brief ( no more than 3 sentences ) .
Please email your completed questionnaire to pcresponse@peacecorps.gov .
[ NOTE : please only use this form if you are a former Peace Corps Volunteer . ]
Name : ______________________________
Country of Service ( when you were a Peace Corps Volunteer ) : ________________________
Telephone : ____________________
Email Address : _______________
1 . How soon would you be available to depart on a response assignment ?
2 . How long would you be able to serve ?
3 . What languages do you speak and with what proficiency ?
4 . What technical skills do you possess that would be beneficial in a disaster situation ?
5 . What prior experience have you had with disaster relief or emergency situations ?
6 . Peace Corps Response will most likely be sending Volunteers in the next month or so .
Given this , are you open to being referred to another government agency or nongovernmental organization for an immediate assignment in Haiti ?
Our Site has moved !
The new web address for this page is https://www.eqmoving.com/
... You will be transferred to the new site in a moment ...
Google 's Autocomplete service provides a list of possible suggestions from previous searches when you start typing words into the search box .
It usually works out just fine , but sometimes , their options can get hilarious : meet 20 suggestions you wo n't believe .
( Thanks to our reader Jackie for the idea ! )
Steve Jobs may have descended from the mountaintop today with Moses Tablet in hand , but a group of protestors were waiting in the foothills with a simple message : the iPad is n't a divine revelation , but a golden calf .
Members of the Free Software Foundation staged a small protest outside today 's Apple event in San Francisco , making the case against Apple 's use of DRM .
The group 's four - foot signs were headed with the message " Entering Apple Restriction Zone " and laid out the tablet 's detriments :
No free software
No installing apps from the Web
No sharing music or books
We can remotely disable your apps & media
I spoke with John Sullivan , Operations Manager for the FSF and one of the sign wielders , just before the Apple event began .
The protest had gone well , in his view , despite a small turnout ( " six or seven people " were around when we spoke ) .
Thou shalt not launch a non -free tablet
The protestors passed out literature and said that support was good ; most people had a negative story to share about DRM , Sullivan said , and an Apple employee ( anonymously ) supported the group 's message .
And what was that message ?
Sullivan and crew were rounding up signatures to petition Steve Jobs to drop all DRM on Apple computers and mobile devices .
To the FSF , the iPhone model ( closed App store , no allowed installation of software from other sources , DRM on applications , tight integration with Apple media store ) was bad enough , but the new tablet looked ready to take it a step further .
If the iPad turned out to be more " laptop - like " than " phone - like , " the FSF would have an even stronger objection to Apple 's tight connection between device and Apple - controlled stores ( for music and apps ) .
Such a device would extend the iPhone model beyond phones and into laptop territory — and computers in particular should remain open devices in ways that are perhaps less important on phones .
There was also the charge of hypocrisy ; if Steve Jobs truly hates DRM so much and wanted it gone from iTunes Store music , why does he continue to lather it onto all video content from Apple , and why did he voluntarily add it to iPhone apps ?
As the event got underway , I asked Sullivan what his protest crew was going to do next .
" We might take a trip down to the Apple Store , " he said , to keep spreading the word ... all in the hopes of turning this golden calf into a free - range gnu .
A DECADE ago , Roger Martin , the new dean of the Rotman School of Management at the University of Toronto , had an epiphany .
The leadership at his son ’s elementary school had asked him to meet with its retiring principal to figure out how it could replicate her success .
He discovered that the principal thrived by thinking through clashing priorities and potential options , rather than hewing to any pre-planned strategy  the same approach taken by the managing partner of a successful international law firm in town .
“ The ‘ Eureka ’ moment was when I could draw a data point between a hotshot , investment bank - oriented star lawyer and an elementary school principal , ” Mr. Martin recalls .
“ I thought : ‘ Holy smokes .
In completely different situations , these people are thinking in very similar ways , and there may be something special about this pattern of thinking . ’ ”
That insight led Mr. Martin to begin advocating what was then a radical idea in business education : that students needed to learn how to think critically and creatively every bit as much as they needed to learn finance or accounting .
More specifically , they needed to learn how to approach problems from many perspectives and to combine various approaches to find innovative solutions .
The comedian and actor , 67 , in his own words
ON BEING TOLD , " YOU'RE NOT VERY BIG DOWNSTAIRS " DURING A MEDICAL FOR THE TERRITORIAL ARMY
I thought we were only going to fight them ( 1960 )
ON PRINCESS ANNE
She looks like a horse just shit into her handbag ( 1981 )
ON HIS SUBSEQUENT FRIENDSHIP WITH PRINCESS ANNE
I 'm not going to throw away the hand of friendship to suit 100 Trotskyites in Glasgow ( 1989 )
AFTER HIS FIRST TOUR OF AUSTRALIA
I 'd like to return to Brisbane in a Lancaster bomber loaded with horse manure ( 1976 )
ON HIS TELEVISED THERAPY SESSION [ " SHRINK RAP " ]
WITH HIS PSYCHOLOGIST WIFE PAMELA STEPHENSON
I think psychiatrists all over the world will wonder why I did n't cry about my child abuse but did about [ watching a concert by ] Pete Seeger ( 2008 )
SIDE - STEPPING HOMELESS BEGGARS IN NEW YORK
Spare change ?
I do n't get the concept ( 1987 )
ON MARRIAGE
It 's a great invention – but so was the bicycle repair kit ( 1992 )
HECKLED BY ELTON JOHN FANS WHILE OPENING FOR HIM
You 'll get him in a minute .
They 're walking him around the building trying to sober him up ( 1976 )
ON HIS LIFE OFF - STAGE
I do n't know how to buy a house , I genuinely do n't ; I would n't know who to phone , so I get my manager to do it .
I would n't know how to buy a car … ( 2008 )
ASKED AT AIRPORT SECURITY IF HE'D PACKED HIS OWN BAGS
No , no , a big Arab guy in a hotel – a nice big man , named Mohammed , who had a flying licence – packed it for me ( 2003 )
ON BEING A SCOT
I 'm Scottish , yes , but it was a complete mistake .
I would be delighted to be a Bosnian ( 2008 )
TO RALPH McTELL , WHO GOT LOST WHILE DRIVING CONNOLLY FROM PUTNEY TO KNIGHTSBRIDGE
Did n't you write " Let me take you by the hand and lead you through the streets of London " ?
( 1986 )
ASKED BY HIS WIFE HOW HE TURNED TRAUMA INTO TRIUMPH
Well , I did n't come down the Clyde on a water biscuit ( 2001 )
ON STRONG LANGUAGE
A lot of people say that it 's a lack of vocabulary that makes you swear .
Rubbish .
I know thousands of words but I still prefer " fuck " ( 1998 )
Compiled by John Hind
Artificial muscles restore ability to blink , save eyesight
Surgeons from UC Davis Medical Center have demonstrated that artificial muscles can restore the ability of patients with facial paralysis to blink , a development that could benefit the thousands of people each year who no longer are able to close their eyelids due to combat - related injuries , stroke , nerve injury or facial surgery .
In addition , the technique , which uses a combination of electrode leads and silicon polymers , could be used to develop synthetic muscles to control other parts of the body .
The new procedure is described in an article in the January - February issue of the Archives of Facial Plastic Surgery .
" This is the first - wave use of artificial muscle in any biological system , " said Travis Tollefson , a facial plastic surgeon in the UC Davis Department of Otolaryngology – Head and Neck Surgery .
" But there are many ideas and concepts where this technology may play a role . "
In their study , Tollefson and his colleagues were seeking to develop the protocol and device design for human implantation of electroactive polymer artificial muscle ( EPAM ) to reproducibly create a long - lasting eyelid blink that will protect the eye and improve facial appearance .
EPAM is an emerging technology that has the potential for use in rehabilitating facial movement in patients with paralysis .
Electroactive polymers act like human muscles by expanding and contracting , based on variable voltage input levels .
For people with other types of paralysis , the use of artificial muscles could someday mean regaining the ability to smile or control the bladder .
Reanimating faces is a natural first step in developing synthetic muscles to control other parts of the body , said UC Davis otolaryngologist Craig Senders .
" Facial muscles require relatively low forces , much less than required to move the fingers or flex an arm , " said Senders .
Blinking is an essential part of maintaining a healthy eye .
The lid wipes the surface of the eye clean and spreads tears across the cornea .
Without this lubrication , the eye is soon at risk of developing corneal ulcers that eventually can cause blindness .
Involuntary eye blinking is controlled by a cranial nerve .
In most patients with permanent eyelid paralysis , this nerve has been injured due to an accident , stroke , or surgery to remove a facial tumor .
Many have no other functioning nerves nearby that can be rerouted to close the eyelid .
Others were born with Mobius syndrome , characterized by underdeveloped facial nerves .
These patients are expressionless and can neither blink nor smile .
Eyelid paralysis currently is treated by one of two approaches .
One is to transfer a muscle from the leg into face .
However , this option requires six to10 hours of surgery , creates a second wound , and is not always suitable for elderly or medically fragile patients .
The other treatment involves suturing a small gold weight inside the eyelid .
The weight closes the eye with the help of gravity .
Though successful in more than 90 percent of patients , the resulting eye blink is slower than normal and cannot be synchronized with the opposite eye .
Some patients also have difficulty keeping the weighted lid closed when lying down to sleep .
In the United States , an estimated 3,000 to 5,000 patients undergo this surgery every year and therefore might benefit from an alternative treatment .
For their study , Senders and Tollefson used a novel alternative method for eyelid rehabilitation in permanent facial paralysis .
They used an eyelid sling mechanism to create an eyelid blink when actuated by an artificial muscle .
Using cadavers , the surgeons inserted a sling made of muscle fascia or implantable fabric around the eye .
Small titanium screws secured the eyelid sling to the small bones of the eye .
The sling was attached to a battery - operated artificial muscle .
The artificial muscle device and battery were into a natural hollow or fossa at the temple to disguise its presence .
Senders and Tollefson found that the force and stroke required to close the eyelid with the sling were well within the attainable range of the artificial muscle .
This capability may allow the creation of a realistic and functional eyelid blink that is symmetric and synchronous with the normal , functioning blink .
A similar system also could give children born with facial paralysis a smile .
The three - layered artificial muscle was developed by engineers at SRI International of Palo Alto , Calif. , in the 1990s .
Inside is a piece of soft acrylic or silicon layered with carbon grease .
When a current is applied , electrostatic attractions causes the outer layers to pull together and squash the soft center .
This motion expands the artificial muscle .
The muscle contracts when the charge is removed and flattens the shape of the sling , blinking the eye .
When the charge is reactivated , the muscle relaxes and the soft center reverts back to its original shape .
" The amount of force and movement the artificial muscle generates is very similar to natural muscle , " Tollefson said .
An implanted battery source similar to those used in cochlear implants would power the artificial muscle .
For patients who have one functioning eyelid , a sensor wire threaded over the normal eyelid could detect the natural blink impulse and fire the artificial muscle at the same time .
Among patients lacking control of either eyelid , an electronic pacemaker similar to those used to regulate heartbeats could blink the eye at a steady rate , and be deactivated by a magnetic switch .
The researchers are now refining the technique on cadavers and animal modes .
They estimate the technology will be available for patients within the next five years .
The see - through goldfish : Japanese scientists develop fish whose hearts and brains are visible thanks to translucent skin
First came see - through frogs .
Now Japanese researchers have succeeded in producing goldfish whose beating hearts can be seen through translucent scales and skin .
The transparent creatures are part of efforts to reduce the need for dissections , which have become increasingly controversial , particularly in schools .
' You can see a live heart and other organs because the scales and skin have no pigments , ' said Yutaka Tamaru , an associate professor in the department of life science at Mie University .
' You do n't have to cut it open .
You can see a tiny brain above the goldfish 's black eyes . '
I see you : A Mie University image shows a goldfish whose beating heart can be seen through translucent scales and skin in Tsu city , central Japan
The joint team of researchers at Mie University and Nagoya University in central Japan produced the ' ryukin ' goldfish by picking mutant hatchery goldfish with pale skin and breeding them together .
' Having a pale colour is a disadvantage for goldfish in an aquarium but it's good to see how organs sit in a body three - dimensionally , ' Tamaru said .
The fish are expected to live up to roughly 20 years .
They could grow as long as 25 cm ( 10 in ) and weigh more than 2 kg ( 5lb ) , much bigger than other fish used in experiments , such as zebrafish and Japanese medaka , Tamaru said .
' As this goldfish grows bigger , you can watch its whole life , ' he said .
Meanwhile another group of researchers , who announced in 2007 they had developed see - through frogs , said they planned to start selling the four - legged creatures , whose skin is transparent from the tadpole stage .
Transparency : Yutaka Tamaru , an associate biology professor at Mie University , and his team have succeeded in producing the transparent goldfish , which is part of efforts to reduce the need for laboratory dissections
' We are making progress in their mass - production .
They are likely to be put on the market next year , ' said Masayuki Sumida , professor at the Institute for Amphibian Biology of Hiroshima University .
Sumida said see - through tadpoles and adult frogs would be available in the first half of next year in Japan for laboratories and schools and as pets , with a price tag expected to be below 10,000 yen ( £ 70 ) each .
He also wants to sell the creature abroad .
Animal rights activists have pressed for humane alternatives to dissections , such as using computer simulations .
Sumida 's team produced the creature from rare mutants of the Japanese brown frog , or Rena japonica , whose backs are usually ochre or brown .
Two kinds of recessive genes have been known to cause the frog to be pale .
Klicka gärna på bilderna så ni kan se dem större .
I många av serierna finns det länkar till andra sidor med mer eller mindre nyttig information .
Länkarna hittar ni i texterna om ni letar lite ... Vill du köpa någon av bilderna ?
Maila mig och ange vilken bild / serie du är intresserad av .
På de utskrivna bilderna skriver jag medföljande text , signerar samt att alla bilder är numrerade .
Priser får du via mail .
Maila mig på:litengubbe@mail.com
Döden -
The death
Nej , inte ens jag är så stygg att jag dödar kryp och små djur för att kunna göra bisarra bilder .
Men eftersom det är ute på " landet " jag befinner mig och mina små dramor utspelar sig , är döden en högst påtaglig vardag .
Möss är fina små djur , men inte när de kryper omkring för nära , då är fällor och ond bråd död en verklighet .
Talgoxen dog en onaturlig naturlig död .
Den kanske var sjuk ?
Men det är nog som jag skrev , den flög rätt in i rutan och bröt nacken / skadade huvudet allvarligt , vad vet jag ?
Snigeln lever i alla fall i allra högsta grad !
No animals were killed just for the purpose to take pictures .
( You might wonder why the swedish explanation is much longer , but if you ever seen " The Muppet show " you understand ? )
Can you see me now ?
Yes , seeing faces is really at the core of social media .
New tools have recently emerged that allow you to broadcast multiple live talking heads over the Internet .
Here ’s the cool part .
They cost next to nothing and allow you to instantly communicate with hundreds of people .
The marketing upside is huge here : quick video chats with groups of prospects , organized events and much more .
We conducted four live multi-guest video broadcasts for the launch of Social Media Examiner .
In this article I ’ll explain how we did it and share the tools we used so you can do this on your own .
How it Works
Are you launching a product or service ?
Looking to create a big social media splash ?
A new and powerful marketing idea is live video broadcasts with multiple guests .
Think videophones with multiple people who the entire world can see .
Then add public chat and integration with social media sites like Twitter and Facebook .
As you can see in the above image , I broadcasted live with Facebook expert Mari Smith .
In the area below our video boxes is a chat box where people asked us questions and interacted with each other .
The magic combination of seeing talking faces and being able to chat live is a powerful marketing experience .
Nothing beats seeing experts in their natural habitats .
Click here to watch the playback of the above example .
What makes this really interesting is the simplicity .
People simply visit a page and immediately partake in the experience .
No special software is required .
Anyone can login as a guest .
In addition , people can login with their Twitter or Facebook ID , making it easy to participate and share the experience over social media networks .
So , multi- guest live video broadcasts combine multiple live video streams ( you can do more than two if you want ) with public instant messaging .
Anyone can type in questions and their video can even be brought into the live video stream .
Why Do Multi-Guest Live Video Broadcasts ?
Many people are already familiar with services like Skype that allow one - to - one video communication .
The mass adoption of Skype is market proof that people like seeing live talking faces .
Learn how to improve your YouTube engagement and sales with this new online training .
Event starts September 28th !
MASTER YOUTUBE STARTS SEP .
28 LEARN MORE
However , the idea of multiple people streaming video publicly is something really new .
In the past , this kind of experience was restricted to executive boardrooms or major television studios .
Now it can occur without special equipment or software .
So here are the variables :
Talking faces :
Multiple people talking to each other over video
: Multiple people talking to each other over video
Interacting watchers :
Many people ( even hundreds ) interacting with the talking faces by typing in questions
: Many people ( even hundreds ) interacting with the talking faces by typing in questions Social media :
The ability for guests to effortlessly share their live experience with others in their networks ( powerful viral marketing here ! )
The result : serious wow factor , powerful engagement and social proof .
Here are a few benefits of doing multi-guest live video events :
Allows special guests to connect with people on a very personal level
Enables your business to quickly test out ideas
Provides a platform for educating prospects and customers
Enables live expert interviews among multiple parties
Attracts new people to your offerings as guests share their experience via their social media channels ( with the push of a button )
And I ’m sure I ’m just scratching the surface of the possibilities here .
How to Conduct Multi-Guest Live Video Broadcasts
The Service
TinyChat is the service we used for our live video broadcasts .
From a user ’s perspective , TinyChat is really simple .
You just provide people a unique URL ( like tinychat.com/ourcoolbroadcast ) .
You create this at TinyChat.com ( see image below ) .
When people visit your “ room , ” they simply enter their name and they ’re brought into your live broadcast .
Starting a video broadcast with TinyChat is super -easy .
Just visit the site , enter a name for your new room and hit the green “ Create your room ” button .
Quick story :
We were searching high and low for services that could easily include multiple people at multiple locations talking on a single stream .
We found no easy solution .
Then we saw an article on Mashable.com introducing TinyChat .
Despite some bugs , I was immediately impressed and decided we ’d give it a try for our launch .
I ’m glad I did !
Here are some of the service ’s capabilities : videoconference rooms can accommodate up to 400 people and you can have up to 12 live video streams .
The service is free , but shows advertisements .
If you pay $ 14.95 per month ( and you can cancel at any time ) , you can eliminate the ads for your room and guests .
The paid upgrade also provides a few more useful features .
You can :
Get YouTube Marketing Training - Online !
Want to improve your engagement and sales with YouTube ?
Then join the largest and best gathering of YouTube marketing experts as they share their proven strategies .
You ’ll receive step - by - step live instruction focused on YouTube strategy , video creation , and YouTube ads .
Become the YouTube marketing hero for your company and clients as you implement strategies that get proven results .
This is a live online training event from your friends at Social Media Examiner .
CLICK HERE FOR DETAILS — STARTS SEPTEMBER 28TH !
Reserve up to five room names for your business ( like tinychat.com /yourname )
Set a password for video broadcasters ( ensures guests cannot begin uninvited video broadcasts )
Set a password for rooms ( for more private functions )
Create simplified recordings ( I have not tested this one )
Tiny Chat Tips and Hiccups
There are a few bugs you should be aware of .
First , if you set up a room on one computer and then expect to manage it on another , you could run into problems .
When you first set up your room , you are presented with a Room Settings option ( also referred to as Room Starter Controls under one of the menus — see image below ) .
Making things private : A few things you want to do right away include NOT allowing anyone to broadcast and NOT listing the room publicly .
I have found that entering a topic for a room is of no use if you do n’t list the room publicly .
This will prevent random unwanted guests from coming into your room .
Beware of the Twitter login :
You can require folks to enter your room using their Facebook or Twitter ID .
In order to maximize the entry into the room , I would select ‘ No , just a nickname is ok ” ( see image above ) .
When people first enter the room , they are given the option to login via a nickname , or with Twitter or Facebook .
If the person selects Twitter , for example , it will post a tweet in his or her feed , bringing even more people into the room .
Beware of logging in using Twitter when you are first testing your room , as others will be invited to join you ( via an automated tweet ) .
Upgrade to save your room ( and headaches ) :
If you plan on doing a live broadcast , I would advise you to pay the $ 14.95 and upgrade .
This will get rid of the large advertisements for all participants in the room .
It will also allow you to set a master password for broadcasters .
Here ’s why this is important .
One big bug with TinyChat has to do with Room Starter Controls .
Let ’s say you set up your account on one computer ( or browser ) and then you want to change settings later on another computer .
TinyChat wo n’t let you control the settings of the room because you did not “ start it . ”
The best way to ensure things go well is to upgrade and login .
Then set a broadcasting password for the room and only give it to presenters .
This ensures random people do not begin broadcasting and addresses the bug as well .
I ’m here , where are you ?
Okay , this has happened a few times .
I was logged in my paid room and no - one else was there .
BUT , they actually were in the room and did not see me .
I had to log out and log back in with a different browser .
The problem seemed to be isolated to the Safari web browser .
I hope they fixed this issue .
The good news is it only occurred during test runs .
Tips for Video Presenters
Here are a few tips to ensure your live broadcast goes as planned .
Do a Test Run : Having done a LOT of live events , I cannot overstate the importance of a dry run to test everything with your presenters .
Technology always means hiccups .
Conduct a test run days before your actual event with each of the presenters individually .
This ensures audio and video issues are worked out before your live event .
Make All Presenters Wear a Headset :
One of the biggest challenges with live video broadcasts is audio echoes .
This nearly always occurs because a presenter is not wearing a headset .
So the voice coming from a presenter ’s computer speakers is picked up by his or her microphone and creates a horrible echo .
The simple solution : Ask if the presenter has an iPod headset .
Have the presenter stick the headset in one ear and run the cord behind his or her back and into the computer ’s audio output port .
Also watch the audio indicators to make sure your voice does n’t get too loud or too soft .
Lighting :
If you can , make sure everyone is well - lit .
Often this involves asking presenters to move a lamp behind their computers .
Lighting , however , is a real art ( and I ’m no expert ) .
Go here for a cool video on basic lighting techniques .
Have regular breaks to introduce new attendees to the presenters :
Because people will virally discover your broadcast while it ’s happening , it makes sense to have some regular 30 - second breaks where you introduce yourself and who you are talking with .
Here are a few tips from Damian Christianson .
Have some pre-crafted text that you can paste into the chat channel with details about the presenter and the event .
Also provide a place for folks to go ( like your blog ) with follow - up questions .
Recording sessions : I have not experimented with the built - in recording capabilities of TinyChat .
I prefer to capture recordings myself .
I ’m on a Mac and strongly recommend ScreenFlow to record your sessions .
Just remember that you ’ll be recording audio from your computer and your input microphone , which can result in a slight delay between your lips moving and your voice .
I think it ’s not that huge , but be aware it will happen .
What do you think ?
Do you find value in live multi-person video broadcasts ?
If you have done live video broadcasts , please share your tips in the comment box below .
Increase your reach , create amazing engagement , and sell more with YouTube !
Get online training .
Event starts September 28th !
MASTER YOUTUBE STARTS SEP .
28 LEARN MORE
What ’s the fuss ?
Voting
With all the fuss over Senator Lieberman ’s behavior with the Democrats I decided to do a bit of a comparison to see what his politics looks like and what influences him .
To do this I looked at a moderate Republican ( Senator Olympia Snowe ) , which many are comparing him to .
Turns out that since Obama has been President , Lieberman and Snowe have voted unanimously on all issues relating to health care except for one vote where Lieberman did n’t vote .
In fact , they have only differed on health care votes 11 times since 2000 .
Below you ’ll find a table going over their records in this area .
Where ’s the money ?
Something else interesting to look at is where Lieberman and Snowe are getting their campaign money .
Thanks to Opensecrets.org we can follow campaign money pretty easily 🙂
Lieberman ’s top five donors include : United Technologies , Sempra Energy , Purdue Pharma , UBS AG , and Bear Stearns .
He received a total of $ 427,894 from insurance companies and another $ 359,370 from health professionals .
For more details go here .
Snowe ’s top five donors include include : O’Hara Corp , Aetna Inc , General Dynamics , Applied Thermal Sciences Inc , and New York Life Insurance .
She received $ 164,585 from insurance companies and $ 175,074 from health professionals .
For more details go here .
Looks like there ’s a lot of money from the health care industry going into these two ( not to mention banking ) .
Below is a table comparison of Snowe ’s and Lieberman ’s votes on Health Care bills since 2000 .
Again , it ’s a bit weird that they have been unanimous since Obama ’s been President .
Voting Record Since 2000 Senator Lieberman vs Snowe on Health Issues ( differences in voting are in bold and italics ) ….
( Thank you Project Vote Smart )
What are your thoughts ?
By Vanessa Barford
BBC News
The Muslim veil comes in various forms including the burka and niqab A French parliamentary committee has recommended a partial ban on women wearing Islamic face veils .
So should there be a similar ban in the UK - and would it work ?
Just across the English Channel , allowing a woman to veil her face in public places such as hospitals , government offices and on public transport could soon be called into question .
In a country where the separation of state and religion is enshrined in law , a parliamentary committee report ruled the veil was " contrary to the values of the republic " and called on parliament to adopt a formal resolution proclaiming " all of France is saying ' no ' to the full veil " .
Find out about different styles of Muslim headscarf
In graphics
France - which is home to five million Muslims - has a history of debating the full veil , with President Nicolas Sarkozy declaring it " not welcome " in 2010 .
The country banned Muslim headscarves and other " conspicuous " religious symbols at state schools in 2004 .
Despite calls from some groups for a full or partial ban on veils , there is currently no ban on Islamic dress in the UK - although schools were allowed to set out their own dress code in 2007 after several high - profile court cases .
' Not British '
But could a ban by Britain 's nearest continental neighbours influence policy back home ?
In January 2010 , Schools Secretary Ed Balls said it was " not British " to tell people what to wear in the street .
But writing in the Independent , journalist Yasmin Alibhai - Brown , who chairs the group British Muslims for Secular Democracy , said she supported restrictions on wearing the face veil in key public spaces .
" This covering makes women invisible , invalidates their participatory rights and confirms them as evil temptresses .
" I feel the same fury when I see Orthodox Jewish women in wigs , with their many children , living tightly proscribed lives , " she writes .
She said progressive Muslims came out " daily " against the burka , which was an " un-Islamic custom " .
" During the Hajj pilgrimage no woman covers her face .
The burka makes women more , not less , conspicuous , and communication is unequal because one party hides all expression , " she claimed .
' Mutual respect ' Yvonne Ridley was captured by the Taliban in Afghanistan in 2001 However , Yvonne Ridley , a British journalist who converted to Islam after she was captured by the Taliban in Afghanistan in 2001 , said the French decision was " driven by Islamophobia - not the freedom or liberties of women " .
She said she did not know anyone who had been forced to wear the niqab ( which covers the face apart from the eyes ) or the body - covering burka .
Some Muslims chose to wear the niqab for religious reasons - because they believed it brought them closer to their faith - she said .
She said the UK " would not tolerate " a move like the one in France .
" Muslim women in Britain are more empowered than their sisters on the continent , largely because of the amazing anti-war movement which brought secular women alongside Muslim women . "
She said she understood why some people found the veil " unnerving " , but insisted " everyone should have a choice " .
Only a " tiny minority " of Muslims - a couple of thousand - wore the niqab in the UK , and " most of them were white Western converts who you could not say were quiet , suppressed women , " she said .
" We can't allow legislation against the niqab .
If we let it go the hijab will be next .
Everyone should have choice .
Where would it stop , hair dye , face piercing ? " , she said .
' Election tool '
Muslims are obviously in the spotlight .
The BNP and UKIP are playing on an anti-Muslim sentiment ; there is a real concern the face veil and other issues will be used as an election tool
Shaista Gohir Muslim Women 's Network UK Shaista Gohir , executive director at Muslim Women 's Network UK , agreed the face veil should not be banned in the UK , but said there needed to be a " internal debate amongst the Muslim community " .
" There needs to be more research on why some women choose to wear the veil and how they think they are perceived .
Muslim communities need to instigate , be proactive , rather than wait for politicians like Jack Straw to say something and respond , " she said .
In 2006 , Jack Straw angered Muslim groups after he said face veils were a " visible statement of separation and of difference " and suggested they could make community relations harder .
Ms Gohir said she could understand people might have reservations about the impact the veil had on integration - and it might prevent women from gaining employment - but a minority of Muslims felt the interpretation of Islam meant wearing a veil was part of their religion .
She said veils needed to be looked at " properly " in a " non-racist way " .
But she expressed concern that politicians might use " issues like this " in the lead - up to the elections .
Last week ex-UKIP leader Nigel Farage , who leads UKIP 's 13 MEPs in Brussels , said the veils were a symbol of an " increasingly divided Britain " , that they " oppressed " women , and were a potential security threat - and called for a total ban .
The BNP has already called for the veil to be banned in schools .
" Muslims are obviously in the spotlight .
The BNP and UKIP are playing on an anti-Muslim sentiment ; there is a real concern the face veil and issues like it will be used as an election tool " , said Ms Gohir .
" Just because France are doing something , Britain does not have to follow suit . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Republicans have provided the backbone of support for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , and many have praised Obama 's troop increase in Afghanistan .
When the House considered the same legislation Wednesday , 164 of the 175 Republicans present voted for it , so the Senate GOP plan to oppose defense spending Friday morning put them in an unusual position .
... Because of the narrow timeline on health care , Democrats decided to schedule votes on the defense spending bill shortly after 1 a.m. so that , under parliamentary rules , that legislation can be finished by breakfast - time Saturday .
That is a preemptive move to allow extra floor time for other potential delay tactics by Republicans on health care .
Democrats were furious at the filibuster attempt on Pentagon funds .
" They are prepared to jeopardize funding for troops at war , " Senate Majority Whip Richard J. Durbin ( D - Ill . ) said Thursday evening .
" If Democrats did that , there would be cries of treason . "
First they 're working on weekends -- two in a row so far -- and now they 're voting at 1:01 AM !
Last night / early this morning , the Senate beat down a craven Republican filibuster against a Pentagon appropriations bill , 63 - 33 .
Four Republicans miss the late night session -- Bond , Bunning , Chambliss and Cornyn -- and all 33 voting against cloture were Republicans .
But , ashamed of their party 's blatant and dangerous hypocrisy and willingness to put national security in jeopardy three Republican women broken with the obstructionist core to vote with the Democrats : Snowe , Collins and Hutchinson .
As today ' spoints out , " after years of criticizing Democrats for not supporting the troops , just three Republicans supported the military funding .
" Smelling blood in the water -- Obama 's -- congressional Republicans will do anything , even putting fighting men and women serving in battle zones in danger , to stop healthcare reform .
Conservatives are as passionately opposed to anything approaching universal healthcare as they were opposed to voting rights for the middle class , for women and for ex-slaves .
Conservatives are as adamant about defeating healthcare as they were about defeating the minimum wage , Social Security , Medicare and the abolition of slavery .
And it should come as no surprise that , once again the charge is being led largely by southern reactionaries like Jim DeMint ( R- SC ) , Richard Burr ( R- NC ) , Johnny Isakson ( R- GA ) , Tom Coburn ( R - OK ) , Jim Inhofe ( R - OK ) , Miss McConnell ( R- KY ) , David Diapers Vitter ( R- LA ) , plus the 6 goofballs from Tennessee , Mississippi and Alabama .
The Democrats are too polite for that , part of the reason Americans are already sick of them and getting ready to deal them a devastating electoral blow in the midterm elections . :
Dems went part - way there .
If they 're serious , though , they 'll customize this ad for state races in South Carolina , North Carolina , Georgia , Louisiana , and Iowa where it might do some good :
Labels : Calhoun , perfidious Republicans
In the United States , as in the United Kingdom , we 've just celebrated the centennial of Father 's Day .
( It was first introduced a century ago , but did n't become a legal holiday until 1966 . )
But just what are we celebrating ?
For decades , pundits have been heralding the birth of the new father .
Has he finally discarded his pupae stage and emerged a full - fledged multi-faceted , multi-tasking parental butterfly ?
Well , yes and no .
The evidence from two decades of social science research paints a complicated picture .
On the one hand , most American men now find themselves in a dual - career couple , in which both adults work outside the home .
Across Europe and the US young married men assume their wives will work outside the home , and assume – and desire – a more active and engaged fatherhood than they often experienced with their own fathers .
The average American father spends three hours a day on the weekend with his family – up significantly from estimates in earlier decades .
Men are more likely to hug their children and tell them that they love them than in previous decades .
A poll in Newsweek magazine found that 55 % of fathers say that being a parent is more important to them than it was to their fathers , and 70 % say they spend more time with their children than their fathers spent with them .
On the other hand , a dual - career couple does n't necessarily mean a " dual - carer " couple .
Men 's participation in housework and childcare continues to be best expressed by two two - word phrases – we " help out " and " pitch in " .
We do n't quite " share . "
In both Europe and the United States , men 's increased participation in childcare also carries some dangers .
In many middle - class families , dad is becoming the " fun parent " .
He takes the kids to the park and plays soccer with the kids ; she stays home .
" What a great time we had with Dad ! " the kids announce as they burst through the kitchen door to a lunch mum prepared while also folding the laundry and vacuuming the living room .
American men's participation in family life lags behind the rates of participation in other industrial countries .
In Australia , Canada , and the Netherlands , men 's rates are about double the rates in the US , while in Britain the rates are about 40 % higher .
It 's amazing what state policies that enable work - family balance , such as paid parental leave , can do for involved childcare .
( In fact , the US is one of only five countries that offer no paid parental leave to either parent — the others , according to research by the Project on Global Working Families at McGill University in Canada are Swaziland , Liberia , Lesotho and Papua New Guinea .
Since we can't always rely on the opportunity provided by state policy , we have to rely on increasing men 's motivations .
Simply put , if American men are going to become the fathers they say they want to be , we have to show them that it is in their interests to do so .
Fortunately , the evidence points decidedly in that direction .
Research by sociologists Scott Coltrane and Michele Adams looked at national survey data and found that when men increase their share of housework and childcare , their children are happier , healthier and do better in school .
They are less likely to be diagnosed with ADHD , less likely to be put on prescription medication , and less likely to see a child psychologist for behavioural problems .
They have lower rates of absenteeism and higher school achievement scores .
What 's more , when school - aged children do housework with their fathers , they get along better with their peers and have more friends .
And they show more positive behaviours than if they did the same work with their mothers .
" Because fewer men do housework than women , " said Adams , " when they share the work , it has more impact on children . "
Fathers model " co-operative family partnerships " .
When men share housework and childcare , it turns out , their partners are happier .
( This is intuitively obvious . )
Wives of egalitarian husbands , regardless of class , report the highest levels of marital satisfaction and lowest rates of depression , and are less likely to see therapists or take prescription medication .
They are also more likely to stay fit , since they probably have more time on their hands .
And the benefits for men are even greater .
Men who share housework and childcare are healthier – physically and psychologically .
They smoke less , drink less , and take recreational drugs less often .
They are more likely to stay in shape and more likely to go to doctors for routine screenings , but less likely to use emergency rooms or miss work due to illness .
They 're also psychologically healthier : they see therapists , are diagnosed with depression , and take prescription medication less often .
They report higher levels of marital satisfaction .
They also live longer , a finding that caused the Economist to quip " Change a nappy , by God , and put years on your life " .
Oh , and they have more sex .
Research by psychologist John Gottman at the University of Washington also found higher rates of marital sex among couples where men did more housework and childcare .
This last finding was trumpeted by Men's Health magazine with the headline " Housework Makes Her Horny " ( although I suspect that is less true when she does it ) .
It is probably worthwhile pointing out that these are what social scientists call " aggregate " statistics , over the long - term .
There is no one - to - one correspondence and so I would advise male readers of this essay not to harbour any expectations if they rush home upon reading this essay and begin to load the washing machine .
But load it they should .
The evidence is clear that the more men share housework and childcare , the happier and healthier are their loved ones – as well as the men themselves .
Fatherhood is not simply a state of being ; it 's a set of practices , things people do .
And when men share those tasks that are normally called " parenting " everyone benefits .
Two things beloved by San Francisco resident Galen Pewtherer just could n't get along : his Edwardian - style house and wireless Internet access .
In 2008 , Mr. Pewtherer tried to replace his old - fashioned cable Internet connection with a Wi -Fi network that he could share with other tenants in his building .
" It turned out to be impossible , " says the 38 - year - old program manager at Cisco Systems Inc .
" We could n't get signal in or out of one room . "
That ...
via i+i architect
Who : Yutaka Iizuka
What : Single family residence
Where : Shiroi city , Chiba Prefecture
When : October 2009
How : Two - story wood frame construction
Related
Appearing in the current issue of the journal Pediatrics -- and thus in headlines -- is a warning about " toilet - seat contact dermatitis . "
The journal article says the condition is common around the world and that it's " re-emerging " in the United States .
We appreciate new health scares as much as the next person , but keep in mind that the article in question was a case report , not a full - fledged study , not an analysis , but a report on individual cases of a skin condition .
How many cases ?
Five .
Not all of them from this country .
Researchers at McGill University , Johns Hopkins University and elsewhere are largely attempting to give fellow doctors a heads up about this form of dermatitis -- so rare that many of their colleagues may not recognize it .
They 're simply saying , hey , guys , should you find some weird rash on kids ' posteriors , consider toilet seats as a culprit .
They 're not even targeting all toilet seats , but rather what they call " exotic wooden toilet seats " and the residue from chemicals used to clean toilet seats in general .
So do n't panic .
Contact dermatitis , which causes skin irritation on the buttocks and upper thighs , is easily treatable , if doctors know what they 're seeing .
Hence , the article .
Here 's the abstract .
Here 's more information on contact dermatitis in general from eMedicine .
And here 's the Johns Hopkins news release , which contains tips on how to avoid the potential problem .
The first one : Use paper toilet seat covers in public restrooms .
The second one :
At home , go for the considerably less exotic plastic toilet seat .
The breathless coverage of this relatively small journal article might be explained less by the actual threat and more by the term " poop dermatitis " in the release .
-- Tami Dennis
Photo :
Harsh cleaners used to scour public toilets could , possibly , cause a skin reaction .
Credit : Los Angeles Times
It 's just not the IPCC 's month .
Now , on top of Pachaurigate and Glaciergate , the original Climategate scandal has finally exploded underneath the crimatologists at the University of East Anglia 's Climatic Research Unit .
In a shocking rebuke of the key scientsts behind the IPCC ' peer - reviewed ' assessment of the dangers of manmade climate change , the UK Information Commissioner ruled yesterday that the group of scientists known as ' the hockey team ' had broken Freedom of Information laws by conspiring to ignore legitimate requests for information and even conspiring to delete key emails and correspondence so they could never be assessed .
The decision comes as no surprise to those who have been following the scandal since it broke .
Given that the authenticity of the leaked emails themselves has never been in doubt , it was an open and shut case to find criminal conspiracy in emails such as this one from chief crimatologist Phil Jones to some of his closest collaborators :
Mike ,
Can you delete any emails you may have had with Keith re AR4 ?
Keith will do likewise .
He 's not in at the moment - minor family crisis .
Can you also email Gene and get him to do the same ?
I do n't have his new email address .
We will be getting Caspar to do likewise .
I see that CA claim they discovered the 1945 problem in the Nature paper !!
Cheers
Phil
Or this one from Phil Jones to chief cohort Michael Mann in 2005 about Steve McIntyre and Ross McKitrick , two researchers who had a well - known problem getting basic data out of the CRU :
The two MMs have been after the CRU station data for years .
If they ever hear there is a Freedom of Information Act now in the UK , I think I 'll delete the file rather than send to anyone .
Does your similar act in the US force you to respond to enquiries within 20 days ?
- our does [ sic ] !
The UK works on precedents , so the first request will test it .
We also have a data protection act , which I will hide behind .
The illegal activity will not be pursued criminally , however , because of a statute of limitations on Freedom of Information request violations .
Although a mere technicality , this does raise the rather Kafkaesque question of how the afflicted parties were supposed to have shown grounds for appeal of the hockey team 's initial denials ( let alone criminal activity in conspiring to deny the requests ) before the Climategate emails were leaked .
Give the pre-Climategate mentality — where those who suspected criminal conspiracy amongst the crimatologists were often compared to flat - earthers , it is almost inconceivable that complaints to the Information Commissioner would have been given serious consideration , especially given the crimatologists ' own admissions that they had gotten advice from none other than the Information Commissioner on how to avoid dealing with FOI requests .
But while this ruling will not result in criminal conviction , it certainly will further expose the alarmist machine that has been working desperately to downplay this criminal activity .
Scientific American ( henceforth known as SCAM ) has just released an article claiming that the Climategate emails exposed nothing other than " how science is actually done , " putting the venerable publication in the awkward position of arguing that breaking the law in a mad quest to keep data out of the hands of dissenting scientists is a routine part of the scientific method .
Sadly , such reasoning is par for the course in publications that have thrown their lot in with a group of criminals who are threatening the name of science itself with their insane behaviour .
ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW
Perhaps the most hopeful sign to emerge from this is that the truth will out , especially when an informed online community does an end run around the dinosaurs of the establishment media to get that truth to the people .
All of the publications one would have expected to defend the indefensible did so right from the start of the Climategate scandal , from the BBC to The Guardian to The New York Times to Nature .
Now , each of them have egg on their faces as the scandal they dismissed as a " tempest in a teapot " is in fact evidence of criminal activity ... as the alternative media has pointed out all along .
Scandals like this are exactly why the establishment media is hemorrhaging readers and viewers by the day while the alternative online media is exploding across the board .
From Watts Up With That ? to Climate Audit to to Climategate.tv , readership has never been better .
The people recognize the truth when they see it , and those who continue to propound lies in the face of truth and defend the indefensible will be turned off by a public that is simply fed up .
And that , ultimately , is why the truth is winning .
VisitorSite.net Special Feature : Logan Huffman ( " Tyler Evans " )
Speaks !
By Craig Byrne - VisitorSite.net Webmaster
Please simply link to this interview rather than reposting it on other websites and forums .
Thanks !
Logan Huffman previously worked with V director Yves Simoneau on the Lifetime Original Movie , " America , " and that association brought the series to Logan 's attention .
A photo of how Logan currently looks was sent to the producers , and after an audition and a call back , he soon heard from director Simoneau , asking how he would like to work in Vancouver .
The rest is history .
In this exclusive VisitorSite . net interview , Logan talks about playing the role of Tyler , working with his fellow actresses , and his reaction to folks who might not be big fans of the character ...
----
VISITORSITE.NET :
Were you a little nervous when you first started playing the role of Tyler ?
LOGAN HUFFMAN : I was nervous because I 've never really played more of a leading man type .
I usually play a bad guy , or someone a little more out there .
It 's like going from selling a Chrysler to selling a Ford ; it 's two different things .
So I still had n't really figured out how to " sell " that kind of a guy .
A hero 's really a hard thing to play .
VISITORSITE :
What was it like to film the pilot with actors like Elizabeth Mitchell , who plays your mother ?
LOGAN : It was just amazing .
The first scene I worked with Elizabeth was when I ran up to her and the ship was hovering over us .
She was the first actress I ever worked with where it was like " she 's my mom . "
She 's very maternal , and I felt that off the bat .
I really enjoyed working with her .
VISITORSITE : Can you talk about shooting inside of the Visitors ' ship ?
LOGAN : Green screen is really tough , just because you have to go back to having more imagination as an actor .
Usually , you just have to feel your surroundings and use that .
Also , when you walk out [ from the green screen set ] you 're a little dizzy afterwards .
VISITORSITE : Can you talk about the parallels between Erica & Tyler and Anna & Lisa after the revelation at the end of Episode Three ?
LOGAN : I think that now it 's kind of going in that direction of Romeo & Juliet .
They 're two people that cannot be together , that have to be together .
So it 's going to have that twist .
I do n't know how we 're going to end up , but I think it 's going to be a fun fight to stay together .
VISITORSITE : Have you had a particular favorite scene in the first three episodes that have aired ?
LOGAN : Not really .
I take it as a whole .
I like it all .
Every single scene is a new and interesting thing .
I like when they let me ride the motorcyle .
[ laughs ]
VISITORSITE : Are you good at riding the motorcycle ?
LOGAN : Yeah .
My brother lets me ride his every time I go back to Indiana .
VISITORSITE : I hear you had to get in shape for the final scene of Episode Three ?
LOGAN : Yes .
I lost 17 pounds .
VISITORSITE : What did you do to get prepared ?
LOGAN : I ran two hours a day , every day , and did weight training every day , and I also watched what I ate .
VISITORSITE : Can you talk about working with Laura Vandervoort specifically ?
LOGAN : Laura 's a doll .
Real professional .
I 'm looking at this like college , so I try to learn from everybody I can .
I look at [ the other actors ] like teachers , and Laura helps me find the light .
In kissing scenes , she might know if my head goes one way and her head goes the same way , she 's kind of telling me which ways the light is supposed to hit .
[ Regarding having Laura 's character " Lisa " as a romantic interest ]
She 's not hard to fall in love with .
She 's that good .
[ Laura said something similar about Logan in her VisitorSite .
net interview earlier this month ]
VISITORSITE : Can you talk about working with Jesse Wheeler as Brandon ?
LOGAN : Jesse is bad @ $ $ .
He 's my buddy up there .
We go to karaoke night all of the time .
I can't sing ; I sound like a dog caught in barbed wire , and he 's a brilliant singer .
I 've got a great story of something that happened .
There was a walk and talk in Episode # 2 where he 's like " I can't believe you joined the Peace Ambassadors . "
But for some reason , we were messing up , and I was n't hitting my mark .
Walk and talks are the hardest scenes .
So we were walking up , and it got to Take 11 , and Jesse was like " Okay .
Let 's nail it this time . "
He looks at me and says " you 're an actor , right ? "
I said " Yeah . "
He said " You mind provin ' it this take ? "
And I nailed it .
And that 's the take that 's used .
That was my favorite moment with Jesse .
VISITORSITE : Have you seen all of the online chatter about the show ?
LOGAN : I gaze on it .
They tear me a new hole , but other than that ...
VISITORSITE :
What can you say to the folks who might be critical of your character ?
LOGAN : I 'm happy that they look at me as a stupid emo kid , because that 's the way I 'm playing Tyler .
If you get to know me , I 'm a lot different , but that means that I 'm playing my character right .
Because honestly ?
You 're not supposed to like Tyler .
You 're supposed to say , " Oh my god .
He 's a stupid kid . "
Look deeper into it .
Playing a teenager is playing somebody who's 9 half the time , and 25 the next .
He 's still leaning more towards 9 , but what 's going to happen with Tyler , is he 's set to be screwed no matter which way he goes , and when that happens , I think people will start liking Tyler .
I cannot wait until Tyler knows that he cannot trust anyone or anything .
Be sure to watch the " 2009 finale " of V , November 24 at 8 PM on ABC .
Here are some extras associated with the episode that you may enjoy .
And thanks again to Logan Huffman for taking the time to do this interview !
Forum - Episodic Image Gallery - V Cast Bios - Episode # 4 Advance Review - Official ABC Description - Spoilers
Return to the VisitorSite home page
Toggle Sidebar
CFD Trading and Contracts For Difference
CFDs are a fantastic instrument to trade with , but only if you know what you 're doing .
They are highly leveraged , cost - effective , tax - efficient instruments that let you trade flexibly across a range of different markets and asset classes .
In fact , the numbers of professional traders and funds using CFDs as a substantial part of their portfolio is testament to the benefits CFD trading can bring to your account .
The ins and outs of how CFDs work are not as simple as they might seem , however , and as we 've seen over the course of the tutorial there is much to be understood firstly about how these complex financial instruments operate in real life market situations .
The advent of leverage , afforded by margined trading , can make you serious money in the blink of an eye , but can also cost you money just as quickly .
A sort of mixed blessing , leverage is akin to upping the ante in poker , raising the stakes to mean proportionately bigger wins and losses .
For the shrewd trader , its implementation can be used to deliver aggregate profits over a number of trades , and the concept of aggregating positions across the portfolio is important with a view to minimising the inevitable , but often costly , wayward trade .
CFD Trading in Detail :
Compare Brokers Compare and review top contracts for difference brokers and trading accounts .
Basics Introduction to CFD trading ... find out if contracts for difference are for you .
Trading Guide Complete guide to CFD trading includes order types , markets , tax benefits .
Markets to Trade Guide to markets available to contracts for difference traders .
Strategies Extensive review of long - term and short - term trading strategies .
CFD FAQ
Most common CFD trading question covered by professional traders .
Contracts for Difference Characteristics :
Leverage : low capital outlay required to take big trading positions
low capital outlay required to take big trading positions Low Cost : cost of trading CFDs is relatively low
cost of trading CFDs is relatively low Simplicity : the concept of Contracts for Difference is easy to understand even for novices
the concept of Contracts for Difference is easy to understand even for novices Markets : CFDs are offered on a wide range of markets ( indices , equities , commodities , forex )
CFDs can be invested for the long - term , or traded for the short term , although the latter is arguably a far easier goal to accomplish successfully because of the pricing structure of CFD financing .
Trading CFDs over the course of one day is always a balancing act , and demands trades with the capacity for wider and more consistent price swings than the norm .
These price swings themselves will be dictated by a number of external factors , as part of the role of the market in facilitating CFD trading .
Both in terms of providing an exchange for buyers and sellers to do their business and in performing its function as price setter , the market is central to everything financial and that 's no less true with CFDs .
Understanding how the market works , how other traders shape its outcomes and how you can learn to better forecast those outcomes is the Holy Grail of successful investing , and those that dedicate the time , resources and energy into becoming true experts in these areas will forever stand the best chance of trading Contracts For Difference profitably .
CFDs trading can be highly profitable , but assuming they 're an easy route to financial freedom is incorrect .
By using them in a rationed , reasoned way to trade logical , research - backed positions in markets you know inside out , you can optimise your chances of deliver a long - term return on your capital .
Following Apple 's rebirth over the past decade under the leadership of chief executive Steve Jobs , the company is now set to build on its established foundations over the next decade .
A report by Frank Cioffi , published by MarketWatch , indicates investors have multiple reasons to closely watch Apple as it heads into the new decade .
Cioffi cited the company 's sustained sales of iPods , which have hovered at or above ten million units per quarter , as a strength that will allow Apple to " contribute consistently to its bottom line " even as the potential for big new growth in the MP3 market levels off .
Also noted was Apple TV , which while being rumored to face discontinuation as an experimental " hobby " that the company never managed to achieve blockbuster sales with , is still being updated and expanded .
Over the past few months , Apple released the Apple TV 3.0 update and added support for iTunes LP and Extras .
Another topic to watch that Cioffi highlighted in the article was Steve Jobs .
Despite back and forth reports on the seriousness of his health issues that culminated in the news of his liver transplant , Cioffi cited three takeaway discoveries : " Apple 's stock price could still rise even as concern over Jobs ' suspected demise grew , that Apple has a deep bench of talent aside from its chief executive , and that Jobs ' determination is as extraordinary as his ability to create compelling products . "
The article said that it 's possible that new Tablet rumors may result in a disappointment for investors , " not because it wo n't be a good product or a good seller , but because it will not be the iPhone - level megahit many are expecting . "
At the same time , Cioffi notes that the blockbuster sales of the iPhone may be less important in the long run than the wild success of the iTunes App Store .
" Software still drives hardware , and with thousands of apps available and developers creating new ones every day , every other mobile platform will be playing catch - up for years to come , " Cioffi wrote .
Apple 's incredible financial results throughout the severe economic downturn are also a factor to watch closely , and in particular the growth in Mac sales .
The article cited an ITIC survey which " showed 73 % of global IT administrators and C - level executives say they were likely to allow their end -users to deploy Macs as their corporate enterprise desktops within the next year . "
Cioffi also pointed to the fact that Apple has a strong position in home sales , with Needham & Co. analysts reporting that " Apple gets one out of every $ 10 spent on home computers worldwide .
In the U.S. , its dollar share is more than 1 in 5 . "
The sun sets behind space shuttle Atlantis on the eve of its Nov. 16 , 2009 launch from Pad 39A at the Kennedy Space Center , Fla. , to begin the STS - 129 mission .
The end is beginning for NASA ?s three aging space shuttles , with just five more missions on tap this year before the orbiter fleet retiresin the fall .
That is , unless NASA needs a few more months to fly those remainingmissions or President Barack Obama chooses to extend the shuttle program tofill a looming gap in U.S. human spaceflight capability .
Though the ultimate path forward for NASA has not yet beendecided , the space agency is at a turning point after nearly 29 years ofshuttle flight .
" Obviously it 's the end of an era , " said RogerLaunius , space history curator at the Smithsonian 's National Air and Space Museum .
" There 's a certain amount of nostalgia and a sense of loss , noquestion . "
The very last space shuttle flight , the STS - 133 mission of the shuttle Discovery to the International Space Station , isscheduled for September 2010 .
The launch will be the 134th shuttle voyage sincethe fleet ?s debut in 1981 .
" It 's starting to hit home , I have to admit to you , " said NASA 's shuttle launch director Mike Leinbach after the Nov. 16 liftoff of Atlantis on the STS - 129 flight , the fifth and last shuttle trip of 2009 .
" Afterthis one , there 's one more scheduled for Atlantis , two more for each of theother vehicles . "
Shuttle legacy
The shuttle has had incredible highs , and terrible lows , over its decades - long history since the launch of Columbia on STS - 1on April 12 , 1981 .
Fourteen astronauts have been killed and two shuttles , Challenger and Columbia , lost during accidents .
" It had some very notable and public failures , andthose are often what it 's remembered for , " Launius told SPACE.com .
" Theloss of the two vehicles with the crews was just tragic .
But overall , it was a prettysuccessful program . "
The space shuttle , officially NASA 's Space TransportationSystem ( STS ) , was the first - ever reusable spacecraft .
It consists of a payloadbay - equipped orbiter to carry crew and cargo , with separate reusable solidrocket boosters to help it lift to space , and a disposable orange external tankto hold the chilled liquid fuel for its main engines .
" They built a reusable vehicle , " Launius said .
" That ? spretty remarkable that they pulled that off .
Nobody had ever done that before . "
But the space shuttle fleet has n't achieved all its goals .
Originally , NASA conceived it as a system that could fly frequent andinexpensive trips to space on almost an airline - like brisk schedule .
" It was supposed to be routine , safe and affordable , inaddition to being highly capable .
But it was never routine , [ and ] it was veryexpensive , " said John Logsdon , a space policy expert and professoremeritus at George Washington University in St. Louis .
The shuttle 's safety record was " decent , but not decentenough , " he said .
" It 's riskier than we would like for a vehiclecarrying people . "
Nonetheless , it accomplished a lot , including the launch andmultiple servicing trips of what 's probably the world 's best - known and lovedobservatory , the Hubble Space Telescope .
And the shuttle has played a vitalrole in constructing the InternationalSpace Station , the world 's largest space laboratory and residence .
" The assembly of the space station could not have beendone without the space shuttle , and the assembly of the space station is one ofthe great engineering achievements of mankind , " said space shuttle programmanager John Shannon .
" So the space shuttle will have done a goodjob . "
Of course , an unforgettable part of the space shuttle ' slegacy will always be its tragic accidents .
On Jan. 28 , 1986 , the world watchedstunned as the shuttle Challenger and its seven - member crew , including teacherChrista McAuliffe , were lost in a fiery explosion shortly after launch .
Andagain on Feb. 1 , 2003 , disaster struck when the shuttle Columbia and its sevenastronauts perished while re-entering the atmosphere during their descent backto Earth .
" You know , we lost seven astronauts , and that was awful , just devastating , " Leinbach said of the Columbia tragedy .
" But wealso lost an orbiter .
And it 's hard to explain to people , that when we lost Columbia that was like losing a family member almost .
It 's almost that deep when you workon these machines day in and day out . "
After each catastrophe , NASA took a break to investigate thefailures , and was able to regroup and resume the shuttle program .
The final flights
If the current schedule stays on track , 2010 will see thelaunches of the lastfive shuttle flights .
Getting so many missions off the ground is a tall order , butone that NASA has accomplished before ?
indeed , the agency launched fiveflights in 2009 .
The record for most shuttle launches in a single year ( ninemissions in all ) was set back in 1985 .
" In terms of next year , I think the teams are very wellprepared , " said Bill Gerstenmaier , NASA 's associate administrator forspace operations , after the final launch in 2009 .
" We 're at the rightpace , the tempo feels good , it doesn ?t feel rushed .
The challenge will be tojust stay focused , just take it one flight at a time . "
These last shuttle missions are all slated to travel to thespace station to deliver final rooms and experiments , and to drop off spareparts to keep it functioning beyond the shuttle 's retirement .
After the shuttles are grounded , Russia 's Soyuz spacecraft willbe the only vehicle approved to carry humans to the station .
NASA has said itplans to field its replacement craft for the shuttle , the Ares I rocket and the Orion crew capsule , by 2015 .
But outside experts have said it will likely be later , sometime in 2017 , when the new spacecraft will be ready to launch astronautsinto space .
An independent committee that reviewed NASA ?s plan to replace theshuttle fleet and return astronauts to the moon said last year thatcommercially built spacecraft may be able to help ease the coming gap in U.S. manned spaceflight capability .
While the future is uncertain , the year 2010 will be sure tobe an eventful one for NASA , and could mark the end of the space shuttle era .
Shannon said that finale was likely to be bittersweet .
" I 'm sure it will be emotional , " he said .
" But I suspect that it will not be sadness over the passing of that era , but happiness that we were a part of it . "
People with atrial fibrillation , a common type of irregular heartbeat , should be referred for a surgical treatment called catheter ablation if an oral medication is not effective , said the authors of a study released Tuesday .
In a head - to - head comparison of the two forms of treatment , catheter ablation was so superior in resolving the disorder and helping patients to feel better that the study was halted early .
The results will be published today in the Journal of the American Medical Assn .
Atrial fibrillation , which affects more than 2 million Americans , occurs when the heart ’s two small upper chambers quiver instead of beating effectively .
It can cause blood to pool and clot , raising the risk of a stroke .
The condition can go undetected indefinitely , though many people have symptoms such as palpitations , dizziness , chest pain , fatigue and shortness of breath .
Once considered a nuisance , the condition is now recognized as a potential precursor to stroke that should be treated .
“ It ’s really important that we have advances in treating atrial fibrillation because the risk climbs dramatically as you age , ” said Dr. Douglas Zipes , past president of the American College of Cardiology and a cardiologist at Indiana University School of Medicine .
Zipes was not involved in the study .
“ I always say -- only partially tongue - in - cheek -- that if you live long enough , you ’ll have atrial fibrillation . ”
The first choice for treating the condition is oral medications to reduce the heart rate .
They work by slowing the conduction of the electrical impulses in the heart .
Such medications , however , are ineffective in a large portion of people with the disorder .
For those who continue to feel unwell , catheter ablation should be recommended , said Dr. David Wilber , director of the Cardiovascular Institute at Loyola University Chicago Stritch School of Medicine and the lead author of the study .
“ Atrial fibrillation has always been difficult to treat , ” Wilber said .
“ Certainly , the effectiveness of the drug therapies is about 50 % at best .
The likelihood of a second drug working is about 20 % .
So the role of this study is to point out that there is n’t much point in going to a second drug . ”
During catheter ablation , doctors make a small incision in the patient ’s neck or groin and insert a thin , flexible tube to reach the heart .
They then apply radiofrequency energy to cauterize -- or burn off -- small pieces of abnormal tissue triggering the irregular heartbeat .
The study was performed at 19 medical centers and included 167 atrial fibrillation patients who had failed to benefit from at least one drug .
The patients , whose average age was 55 , were randomly assigned to receive ablation or try a different medication than what they had already tried .
Most took flecainide or propafenone .
One year later , 66 % of the ablation patients were free of an irregular heartbeat or symptoms , compared with 16 % of those treated with drugs .
“ This is an excellent study , ” Zipes said .
“ It confirms what other studies have also found . ”
Longer studies are needed to assess whether the treatment provides a long - term cure and if it reduces stroke and death , Wilber said .
Catheter ablation has been in use for several years but is still underutilized , said Dr. Shephal K. Doshi , director of electrophysiology and pacing at Saint John ’s Health Center in Santa Monica .
Doshi was not involved in the study .
There are risks associated with the procedure .
Rare complications include damage to the esophagus and stroke .
Damage to veins is a more common complication but is treatable .
“ It has to be used appropriately , but in the right hands it ’s a very powerful tool for the management of atrial fibrillation , ” Doshi said .
“ There is a 1 % risk of having a stroke during the procedure .
So that ’s not trivial .
For a young patient , a patient who feels bad , it may be worth it . ”
shari.roan@latimes.com
GAMING'S TWO MOST NOTORIOUS CRIMINALS REUNITED IN KANE & LYNCH 2 : DOG DAYS Sequel to 2007's Kane & Lynch : Dead Men , Introduces ' Never Before Seen ' Visual Experience and New Fragile Alliance Multiplayer Modes Wednesday 18th November - IO Interactive , part of Square Enix Europe is pleased to confirm that Kane & Lynch 2™ : Dog Days is coming to PlayStation ®3 computer entertainment system , Xbox 360 video game and entertainment system from Microsoft and Windows PC in 2010 .
Kane & Lynch 2 : Dog Days is a raw and brutal crime shooter designed to take players on an even more intense story experience , following two of gaming 's most disturbed criminals , through the gritty Shanghai underworld .
Introducing a new visual experience , Kane & Lynch 2™ : Dog Days is inspired by documentary filmmakers and the user - generated era .
Every aspect of the game has been designed to deliver a fresh perspective to the words ' intensity ' and ' realism ' in video games .
" Gamers are always looking for something new and that is exactly what they are going to get with Kane & Lynch 2™ : Dog Days , " said Niels Jørgensen , general manager of IO Interactive .
" A special thanks to gamers worldwide for their feedback .
They are certainly in for a shock as we , with immense pride , welcome back our two dear , violent and somewhat unfortunate friends . "
Kane & Lynch 2™ : Dog Days will be released on the EIDOS games label and will be coming in 2010 .
Please visit www.KaneandLynch.com for updates .
On February 28 , 2008 Karen Armstrong won the TED Prize and made a wish : for help creating , launching and propagating a Charter for Compassion .
Since that day , thousands of people have contributed to the process so that on November 12 , 2009 the Charter was unveiled to the world .
It 's a simple concept , but yet one that has taunted and alluded humanity for a very long time .
The Charter started with a wish .
Again , from the Charter Web site ;
There is a movement afoot that asks people to affirm their commitment to thinking compassionately and taking compassionate action .
It 's know as the Charter for Compassion ( The Charter ) .
From their Web site ;
Meet Karen Anderson ;
Karen Armstrong is one of the most provocative , original thinkers on the role of religion in the modern world .
Armstrong is a former Roman Catholic nun who left a British convent to pursue a degree in modern literature at Oxford .
She has written more than 20 books around the ideas of what Islam , Judaism and Christianity have in common , and around their effect on world events , including the magisterial A History of God and Holy War : The Crusades and Their Impact on Today ’s World .
Her latest book is The Case for God .
Her meditations on personal faith and religion ( she calls herself a freelance monotheist ) spark discussion — especially her take on fundamentalism , which she sees in a historical context , as an outgrowth of modern culture .
TED for those who are not familiar with it ;
TED is a small nonprofit devoted to Ideas Worth Spreading .
It started out ( in 1984 ) as a conference bringing together people from three worlds : Technology , Entertainment , Design .
Since then its scope has become ever broader .
Along with the annual TED Conference in Long Beach , California , and the TEDGlobal conference in Oxford UK , TED includes the award - winning TEDTalks video site , the Open Translation Program , the new TEDx community program , this year 's TEDIndia Conference and the annual TED Prize .
About the TED Prize ;
The TED Prize is designed to leverage the TED community ’s exceptional array of talent and resources .
It is awarded annually to three exceptional individuals who each receive $ 100,000 and , much more important , the granting of “ One Wish to Change the World . ”
After several months of preparation , they unveil their wish at an award ceremony held during the TED Conference .
These wishes have led to collaborative initiatives with far - reaching impact .
Previous winners include Bono , Bill Clinton , Cameron Sinclair and Jehane Noujaim .
The Charter is sponsored by The Fetzer Institute ;
A private operating foundation based in Kalamazoo , Michigan , the Fetzer Institute engages with people and projects around the world to help bring the power of love , forgiveness and compassion to the center individual and community life .
The Institute ’s work rests on a deep conviction that each of us has power to transform the world by strengthening the connection between the inner life of mind and spirit with the outer life of service and action .
While the Fetzer Institute is not a religious organization , it honors and learns from a variety of spiritual traditions .
The Charter started with contribution of words from around the world .
The Charter for Compassion is an open and collaborative effort .
In Fall 2008 , people of all nations , all faiths , all backgrounds , submitted their own words for inclusion in the Charter .
The Charter for Compassion is a product of its time , for its time .
Using a unique web - based decision making platform , thousands of people from over 100 countries added their voice to the writing of the Charter .
In a six week period , thousands of submissions were entered which were then read and commented upon by the sites over 150,000 visitors .
These contributions were then sorted through by the Council of Conscience in crafting the final document .
The final document was crafted by a multi-national , multi - faith council who sorted through the submissions to craft the charter .
Bios and videos of the council can be found here .
The Charter spoken by the faces of humanity .
When I wrote this post there were 26,985 people who affirmed their belief in the Charter , including me .
Please join me by adding your name here .
On December 31 , 2009 , the Charter and the name of the people who have affirmed it will be delivered to 5 world leaders who are involved with conflicts .
Please take some time and explore the Web site , and if so inclined , add your name the others who have affirmed the Charter .
They provide multiple tools for you to get involved .
Let 's end the decade on the a positive note and inspired to live and act compassionately .
I doff my hat to Laura who informed me about The Charter .
Laura blogs here at JustPeaceNow .
Goojje launched on January 14 2010
A new search engine and social network provider called Goojje has appeared online in China .
The site contains very similar branding to Google , and the final syllable " jje " sounds similar to the Mandarin word for older sister ( jiejie ) .
Goojje 's search results appear to be filtered for sensitive content in accordance with Chinese regulations .
Google has recently objected to those restrictions , but the new site appears to be urging it to remain in China .
Google said on 12 January that hackers had tried to infiltrate its software coding and the e-mail accounts of Chinese human rights activists , in a " highly sophisticated " attack .
The California - based firm - which launched in China in 2006 - said it would remain in China only if the government relaxed censorship .
According to the Reuters news agency , Goojje has a message on its site which reads : " Sister was very happy when brother gave up the thought of leaving and stayed for sister " .
While Goojje sounds like " sister " , the word Google sounds similar to the Mandarin word gege , which means " big brother " .
Google has declined to comment .
Some internet users are deeply opposed to web " censorship " Australia intends to introduce filters which will ban access to websites containing criminal content .
The banned sites will be selected by an independent classification body guided by complaints from the public , said Communications Minister Stephen Conroy .
A seven month trial in conjunction with ISPs found the technology behind the filter to be 100 % effective .
However , that claim has been questioned and there has been opposition from some internet users .
Twitter users have been voicing their disapproval by adding the search tag " nocleanfeed " to their comments about the plans .
" Successful technology is n't necessarily successful policy , " said Colin Jacobs , a spokesperson for Electronic Frontiers Australia , a non-profit organisation that campaigns for online freedom .
" We 're yet to hear a sensible explanation of what this policy is for , who it will help , and why it is worth spending so much taxpayers ' money on . "
Mr Conroy said the filters included optional extras such as a ban on gambling sites which ISPs could choose to implement in exchange for a grant .
" Through a combination of additional resources for education and awareness , mandatory internet filtering of RC ( refused classification ) - rated content , and optional ISP - level filtering , we have a package that balances safety for families and the benefits of the digital revolution , " he said .
The filter laws will be introduced in parliament in August 2010 and will take a year to implement .
' noble aims '
" Historical attempts to put filters in place have been effective up to a point , " Dr Windsor Holden , principal analyst at Juniper Research , told BBC News .
The " noble aims " of the filter could be lost in its implementation , he warned .
" Clearly there is a need to protect younger and more vulnerable users of the net , but one concern is that it wo n't just be illegal websites that will be blocked , " he added .
" You have to take extreme caution in how these things are rolled out and the uses to which they 're put . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Barack Obama 's announcement of an Afghan " surge " is his frantic bid to rescue what promises to be a stumbling re-election campaign that must start in 2011 .
It oozes with his desperation not to be in Afghanistan .
The question is how best to disengage .
As in Vietnam and as the Russians found , withdrawal tends to be possible here in Afghanistan only after the generals on the ground have been given a last chance to claim victory .
The chance is generous .
With 30,000 more troops at a staggering cost of $ 1 m per soldier per year , Obama 's generals are charged with giving the Taliban a " knock - out " blow sufficient to send them reeling back into the mountains .
This is supposed to allow the Kabul government to establish its sovereignty over its nation or , more plausibly , at least to give Nato a breathing space to escape .
This surge bears no relation to that in Iraq , except as an exit strategy .
In Iraq it involved the intensive policing of the Baghdad suburbs plus the blatant recruitment of Saddam Hussein 's old Sunni militias to keep the peace in their enclaves , despite the potential threat this posed to the al - Maliki government of Shias .
It gave Baghdad 's enclaves a measure of security and established a new , if tenuous , balance of power in the provinces .
Above all , it took Iraq and its continued deaths and bombings out of the headlines .
In Afghanistan the strategy advanced by General Stanley McChrystal is not new .
It involves flooding the towns with soldiers and money and hoping the Taliban will go away for the time being .
The conditionals of army retraining and corruption eradication mean nothing .
Afghan history says that " training " an Afghan army to fight Pashtun insurgents is futile .
Afghans fight only for their tribe and its land , which is why the Taliban manages to train a ferocious soldier in days , while Nato has failed in years .
Equally futile is to make withdrawal dependent on ridding the Kabul government of corruption .
These conditions are just a smokescreen behind which Nato hopes to retreat .
There is no more talk of 20 - 30 years .
Obama needs to be leaving in 18 months .
If the Taliban commanders are wise , and they usually are in these matters , they will simply wait , controlling the country areas and killing Nato patrols with sufficient regularity to keep western public opinion demoralised .
As the saying goes , Nato has the watches but the Taliban has the time .
Obama himself – and those round him – clearly has no stomach for this fight , any more than does Gordon Brown or the European allies .
Afghanistan was a punitive raid that turned into an occupation that was not just mishandled but ill - conceived from the start .
The operation now commencing is exit with dignity .
Dignity will be the hard part .
Breaking news : Pastor Warren has released a video condemning the Ugandan anti-gay legislation .
( The video was released December 10th , the day after I posted this piece , and after Reverend Kaoma ’s press conference . )
I ’m very grateful that he ’s made this statement , and hope that his unambiguous statement will be heard in Uganda , influencing policy on the ground .
More on Warren ’s statement here .
Could Rick Warren be the man to stop pending anti-gay legislation in Uganda ?
That ’s the hope of Rev. Kapya Kaoma , an Episcopalian Priest from Zambia , the author of a new report from Political Research Associates , which traces a wave of homophobia on the African continent to the efforts of conservative evangelical pastors in the US .
In a conference call with members of the media today , Kaoma declared that , “ The US culture wars are being exported to Africa .
They ’re having an impact not just in the US , but also amongst African Christians . ”
The culture wars Kaoma refers to have been particularly intense within the Anglican communion , his ( and , as it happens , my ) church .
After the election of Gene Robinson , an openly gay priest , to bishop of New Hampshire , a number of bishops moved to “ realign ” their congregations outside of mainstream Anglican authority .
Two new , more conservative Anglican groups have emerged , and some African congregations have aligned with these new groups .
Kaoma argues that , in the mainline US churches , most congregants and pastors are leaning towards progressive Christianity .
The more conservative individuals – in the minority – are aligning with the fast - growing churches in Africa .
“ Conservatives have gone to Africa because they ’re going where the numbers are , and because they ’re being legitimated by associating themselves with Christians outside the US . ”
These conservative pastors , Kaoma argues , “ need to demean the leadership of US mainline churches , ” and present their views as the legitimate alternative .
It ’s become common to present the US mainline churches as imperialistic , and to argue that these mainline churches as trying to export non-African values .
“ Once you appeal to the post - colonial ethos , people are bound to overreact .
The entire gay issue has been put into the post - colonial narrative . ”
Because the issue of gay rights has been turned into a battle about a purported recolonization of the African continent , Kaoma argues , a struggle for gay rights is n’t seen as a human rights issue , but as an attempt to export “ un - African ” ideas to the African continent .
Uganda has been a particular battleground for this exported culture war .
The wife of President Yoweri Museveni , herself an influential MP , is a born - again Christian , and has been instrumental in bringing abstinence - focused anti-AIDS funding to the country .
( Helen Epstein ’s “ God and the Fight Against AIDS ” in the New York Review of Books is an excellent introduction to the spread and politicization of evangelical Christianity in Uganda . )
And Uganda , bordering on majority Muslim countries , has become a popular venue for evangelical outreach .
Kaoma argues that conservative pastors from the US are coming to Uganda to campaign against sexual equality using tremendously deceptive materials .
His key example is a set of talks given by Scott Lively , who a PRA colleague describes as a “ holocaust revisionist ” , based on his authorship of a book titled “ The Pink Swastika “ , which argues that the Nazis were closet homosexuals , that they did n’t exterminate gay people , but secretly plotted a gay takeover of the world .
( Southern Poverty Law Center ’s quick , but thorough , refutation of the work is a worthwhile read . )
Reverend Kaoma reports that Lively came to Uganda in March 2009 , spoke at a conference organized by the Family Life Network , met with Ugandan parliamentarians as well as church leaders , and warned them that homosexuality is an international , western agenda , being perpetrated by the UN and by human rights defenders as part of a gay plot to take over the world .
Kaoma has some compelling footage that demonstrates the influence Lively ’s ideas are having in Uganda .
In the video above , Stephen Langa , the director of the Family Life Network , offers a history of the homosexual agenda , as outlined by Lively .
David Roberts , of Ex - Gay Watch , unpacks the video , pointing out that Langa quotes at length from a satirical essay , apparently unaware the essay was satire .
The history offered is paranoid , false and designed to inspire a hateful counterreaction .
That part of the plan has evidently been quite successful .
Kaoma draws a direct line between Lively ’s appearance at the FLN conference and the proposed legislation that would sentence gay and lesbian people who ’ve committed the crime of having gay sex to , at minimum , life in prison , and could subject gay people who test positive for HIV to execution .
Kaoma tells us that the Christian right groups presenting this fantasy of a gay takeover to the Ugandans expressed their hope that Uganda would fight this agenda and take up the war – evidently , that message was well received .
( Possibly too well – Kaoma reports that Lively now says the proposed Ugandan legislation goes to far .
When a homophobic holocaust denier says your legislation goes to far , you might want to reconsider your plan … )
So how does Rick Warren fit into all this ?
Well , Pastor Warren has a long history in Uganda .
He ’s worked closely with Pastor Martin Ssempa , a Ugandan activist who is focused on pro-abstinence approaches to AIDS treatment and on marginalizing and criminalizing homosexuality .
Ssempa has led workshops at Warren ’s Saddleback Church , and Warren has visited Uganda at Ssepma ’s invitation , meeting with senior Ugandan officials , including the president .
Ssempa is evidently one of the major figures in proposing the anti-gay legislation .
And he ’s willing to use virtually any tactic in fighting what he sees as a homosexual movement – in 2006 , a Ugandan paper printed the names and addresses of 45 people Ssempa identified as gay , leading to threats and harrasment .
Warren has severed ties with Ssempa , but has not yet condemned the proposed Ugandan legislation .
Kaoma worries that a statement Warren made in Uganda in 2008 – stating that homosexuality is not a human right – is being quoted and used to justify the current proposed legislation .
“ Here ’s the problem I have with pastor Warren – he ’s a friend of Kagame , of Museveni , ” says Kaoma .
“ He knows the politics of Uganda , and he ’s respected by the MPs
He ’s the one who can influence politicians in Uganda . ”
While Warren has dissociated himself from one extreme Ugandan pastor , he has n’t dissociated himself with other anti-gay activists in Rwanda and Nigeria .
Kaoma hopes that Warren will realize the potential power and influence his words would have in Uganda and clearly denounce this sort of legislation .
“ Unless Warren tells fundamentalist groups that gays have rights , which need to be protected , theres no respected religious voice saying this .
He needs to complement the voice of human rights activists on the ground . ”
While I strongly agree with Reverend Kaoma , and believe the proposed legislation is abominable , I thought he was putting too much weight on international activists and not enough responsibility on people in Uganda .
I asked whether it was fair to offer his interpretation , given that the majority of Sub - Saharan African countries have laws against homosexual activities – was it possible that the law in Uganda was simply a manifestation of public will and mood ?
Reverend Kaoma explained that a framing of homosexuality as an attack on the family has worked extremely well in bringing activist anger to the forefront .
The combination of a neo-imperial narrative , an international conspiracy and classic “ the gays are out to get your children ” are collectively changing attitudes on the ground in countries like Uganda , he argues .
He points out that , in most countries where homosexual behavior is banned by law , very few people are arrested and prosecuted for violating those laws .
He also referenced King Mwanda , a ruler of the Buganda in the 1880s , who many historians believe was gay .
“ Even Pastor Ssempa himself accepts this part of Ugandan homosexual history , ” says Kaoma .
“ Gays are part and parcel of African life .
What ’s strange now is using the Christian religion as a foundation for persecution around homosexuality . ”
While Kaoma believes that Ugandans are more liberal about homosexuality than the current bill would lead one to believe , he acknowledges that the masses are not speaking out or supporting the bill .
“ There ’s been a call to go door to door and tell people that ‘ if you love your child , then fight homosexuality ’ .
There is a petition going around Uganda in rural areas , saying that homosexuals are recruiting young children in the schools , using money from America .
The petition says that if the Americans get just get two kids per school , Uganda as we know it is gone . ”
Kaoma argues that the authoritarian nature of Ugandan politics is also making it easier to carry out this sort of crusade .
In his native Zambia , the Vice President urged the arrest of gays , but there were no arrests .
In Ghana and Kenya , church leaders have advocated cutting ties with the Anglican communion over gay issues , but many churches have refused to comply .
But in less representative societies , these crusades – with the support of political authority – have a much higher chance of success .
There are brave Ugandans standing up for gay rights .
Frank Mugisha , the leader of Sexual Minorities Uganda ( which uses the wonderful acronym SMUG ) , has been a visible opponent of the legislation , despite the fact that he will likely need to leave the country or face arrest if the bill passes .
The Dean of the prestigious Makerere University has publicly opposed the legislation .
Such support entails serious risks – Kaoma tells us about meeting with SMUG at a hotel in Kampala – a woman attending the meeting , who is lesbian , stepped out of the hotel as was immediately arrested , beaten and had her money stolen by the police .
“ And there was nothing we could do , ” says Kaoma .
Reverend Kaoma spoke about this story in a sad but calm fashion .
But he got quite agitated when I asked him about the possibility that the Anglican church – hugely influential in Uganda – would condemn the legislation .
“ The Archbishop does n’t want to be seen as interfering .
After the bill passes and people are getting killed , then we ’ll hear his voice ?
Our friends are being rounded up because people think the bill has already been passed . ”
If the Archbishop of Canterbury and Rick Warren wo n’t step up , are there other paths to leverage the Ugandan goverment ?
Sure – there ’s always money .
Up to 40 % of the Uganda government budget comes from aid dollars .
Kaoma tells us that Sweden has declared that if Uganda passes this bill , Sweden will sever all ties .
It ’s unlikely that the US would take nearly such a dramatic step .
But Kaoma leaves us with a challenge : “ Do n’t just condemn Uganda – accept responsibility for helping start this on American soil . ”
That ’s tricky , of course .
Gay rights groups in the US condemning the legislation simply add fuel to the fire for those who argue that homosexuality is a western plot .
And that ’s why the voice of someone like Pastor Warren could be so powerful in affirming the human rights of GLBT people and condeming this dangerous legislation .
It ’s interesting to note that Reverend Kaoma is n’t the only one linking US conservatives with anti-gay legislation in Uganda .
Jeff Sharlet links
The Family , a group of politically influential conservative Christians to the proposed Ugandan legislation .
I found it interesting that the figures mentioned by Sharlet did n’t come up in Kaoma ’s discussion today , or in his report .
Kaoma ’s report focuses primarily on the Institute on Religion & Democracy .
Had I the time to do some original reporting , I ’d be very interested in seeing what links exist between these organizations .
Kathryn Joyce of Religion Dispatches has an excellent interview with Reverent Kaoma – very much worth reading if you ’re interested in his arguments .
When you create a marker on Google Maps , you could be revealing the most popular religious and sexual habits in your local region .
At least , that 's what a group of social geographers demonstrated with their " sex and religion " map .
A group of three geographers who research internet map data did an exhaustive study of user - generated markers on Google maps .
These are flags and notes that people can leave on Google maps to let other people know what 's going on in that area .
University of Kentucky 's Matthew Zook and Oxford 's Mark Graham sifted through reams of this data looking for keywords that popped up in association with different regions .
One of their most recent results is this map showing the prevalence of words associated with different religions ( they picked the words " Jesus , " " Hindu , " " Buddha , " and " Allah " ) .
Perhaps not surprisingly , the terms tend to occur more commonly in areas of the world associated with religions that use those words frequently .
Obviously , there are going to be more places with the word " Jesus " associated with them in South America , while there will be more places associated with " Buddha " in Southeast Asia .
Advertisement
Then the researchers added in places where there were markers that had the word " sex " in them .
You get a nice view of sexy places and religious places .
Advertisement
Says researcher Mark Graham :
Here we included placemarks that reference the word ( " sex " ) , a popular and international used term with very different connotations than the religious keywords used earlier .
The purpose of including this term is to compare user interest in religion to user interest in sex .
If ( as some say ) the three topics to avoid in polite conversation are religion , sex and politics it seems only right that this Internet blog ( the antithesis to polite conversation if there every was one ) takes on the question .
Sadly , the inclusion of politics will have to wait until another day .
In Asia there are very few places where there are more references to sex than Allah , Buddha , Hindu or Jesus .
Constrasting this is Western Europe ( especially the UK and Scandinavia ) and North America ( especially the East and West Coasts ) there are more references to sex than any of the four religious terms that we searched for . . .
There are , however , exceptions such as the Iberian countries of Spain and Portugal which continue to show more references to Jesus .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
And then there 's this map , which I adore , showing placemarkers with the word " strip club " in them .
Of course Vegas leads the way .
Advertisement
UPDATE : io9 spoke with researcher Matthew Zook , who clarified how they gathered the data .
He said via email that these maps are based on gathering data from :
Half a million geotagged places that have been contributed to Wikipedia , 10 million contributed to WikiMapia , 800 million GPS points uploaded to OpenStreetMap , and almost 10 million placemarks uploaded to Google .
Advertisement
He also noted that " all terms were in English . "
Zook added :
Using translated terms is something we are working on but it is a tough nut .
Which language should be used at which point ?
What is the best translated term for " sex " in Chinese , Thai , German , Danish , etc . ?
Advertisement
You can find more intriguing maps like these on the researchers ' blog Floating Sheep .
With the European Union finally giving approval to Oracle 's $ 7.4bn acquisition of Sun Microsystems last week , IBM is stepping up efforts to exploit any untapped feelings of uncertainty in shops using Sun iron .
On Tuesday , IBM announced the addition of new software to its four - year - old “ Migration Factory ” vendor poaching program that makes it easier for businesses to push workloads from Sun into a Big Blue embrace .
The company said its improved Oracle - phobia prescription plan helps automate several of the processes necessary for anti-Sun migration , such as sniffing out and identifying Sun assets , provisioning the new target IBM environment , and streamlining workload transitions .
The software promises a speedier move from Sun Solaris to either Linux or IBM 's AIX operating systems , migrating both applications and middleware .
Although IBM 's poaching technique for Sun customers is n't new – the company clearly hopes to shake out any anti-Oracle stragglers as the official date of marriage looms closer .
Oracle 's chief executive Larry Ellison is scheduled to outline a strategy for the combined companies and their roadmaps tomorrow during a webcast .
The event is expected to lay out Oracle 's future plans in hardware and software .
IBM hopes to stir up concerns of Sun 's new ownership by stirring up unproven fears .
“ The future of Sun 's hardware business is highly uncertain given its imminent acquisition by Oracle , ” IBM said on its Sun server migration page .
“ There 's also been speculation in the press on whether Sun will cancel Rock , its next - generation chip project . ”
Big iron vendors like IBM are always especially eager to circle over the remains of companies freshly processed for acquisition .
On the same day , Sun shareholders voted in favor of the Oracle deal , HP unveiled its Sun Complete Care program , offering Sun shops free migration and total cost of ownership assessments if they consider dropping Sun iron for HP .
IBM 's Migration Factory shop also offers incentives to abandon Dell , EMC , and of HP kit .
HP pitches the reverse favor in return . ®
An earthquake with an estimated magnitude of 6.5 occurred about 25 miles southwest of Eureka , Calif. , at 4:27 p.m .
Preliminary reports indicate the earthquake , along the Russ fault , was felt as far away as San Francisco .
[ Updated : 5 p.m. : Sandra Hall , owner of Antiques and Goodies in Eureka , said the quake moved her shop in all directions .
Her store is now littered with broken lamps , dishes , and wardrobe items .
She said there were at least four people in her store when the quake struck .
A couple managed to run out of the store ’s main entrance , while two women took cover under a table .
“ We ’ve been through a lot of earthquakes but I ca n’t recall there ever being any this bad , ” Hall said . ]
[ Updated , 5:06 p.m. : A tsunami is not expected , according to the National Weather Service .
Power is out in at least one neighborhood in the Eureka area , a resident said .
Two aftershocks have been detected , magnitude 3.8 and 3.7 . ]
-- Ruben Vives , Geoffrey Mohan and Rong - Gong Lin II
Map : USGS
The popularity of the hideous Dalek Sec Hybrid Mask last year proved once again that Dr. Who fans are a loyal bunch .
Soon , these fans will be able to strike fear / laughter in the hearts of their enemies once again by donning this dapper Dalek voice changing helmet .
Naturally , you will be able to run around yelling " EXTERMINATE " with the classic cold , robotic tone — but you will also be able to play back recorded Dalek phrases or activate the exterminator sound .
But before you get too excited , check out the image after the break to see how un -cool you will look wearing it .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Available for pre-order now .
Ships in May for $ 74.99 .
[ Big Bad Toy Store and Toyology ]
Kennedy & Jackson has been featured in Forbes Magazine twice in the past few years .
Sophisticated Counsel For Getting Your Affairs In Order
Every adult should have an estate plan .
Whether your estate planning needs are relatively simple or extremely complex , you need a plan that is customized to your assets , your family structure and your goals .
With guidance from an attorney who has an advanced understanding of estate law , you will be able to protect wealth , avoid probate , plan for incapacity — and better enjoy the fruits of your labors with the peace of mind that your affairs are in order .
Board - Certified Estate Planning Attorneys In Houston
Serving the Houston area , The Law Offices of Kennedy & Jackson is a boutique firm offering focused abilities in :
Estate planning — arranging for wealth transfer through wills and trusts .
Asset protection — strategies to shield wealth from creditors and predators .
Business planning — considerations for formation , transactions and succession .
Probate administration — efficiently settling a family member ’s estate .
Guardianship — managing the care and affairs of an incapacitated loved one .
Our scope of services ranges from simple wills for families with modest estates all the way up to complex estate distribution , tax minimization , and asset protection plans for families and businesses in the multimillion - dollar echelons .
Partners Thomas Kennedy and David Jackson are both certified in estate planning and probate law by the Texas Board of Legal Specialization and both have taught these subjects at the university level .
They possess more than 30 years of collective experience helping clients develop estate plans that will effectively protect their assets for future generations .
We advise many doctors , professionals , business owners , corporate executives and high net worth clients who need sophisticated strategies to protect their interests from creditors and lawsuits .
We can help clients from all walks of life arrange transfer of personal wealth or a family business to their children through trusts that isolate assets from judgments , divorce , bankruptcy and other threats .
Personalized · Experienced · Professional
Estate planning involves difficult decisions about private matters .
It demands individualized solutions that make sense for your asset base and your objectives .
At the big firms , you are likely to be handed off to a junior associate or paralegal .
At The Law Offices of Kennedy & Jackson , you have ongoing access to board - certified lawyers .
Assisted by qualified support staff , Mr. Kennedy and Mr. Jackson are personally immersed in every client ’s estate plan or probate matter .
Contact Our Houston , Texas , Estate And Probate Lawyers
Our law office is located in the Galleria area of Houston , with free on - site parking available next to our office building .
We provide a complimentary and confidential initial consultation to all new potential clients .
Whether you are just beginning the estate planning process or you need to update an existing plan , we take pride in providing experienced counsel with excellent service .
To schedule an appointment with one of our lawyers , call 713-783-7444 , or send us an email .
My brother sent me these thoughts , slightly edited :
Recently I looked at the [ Wikipedia ] Linux page .
To my surprise it ’s not about the kernel Linux , it ’s about the “ OS ” .
I looked at discussion and it appears that by general consensus the term Linux applies to the unix like operating system , and so it is correct for Wikipedia to follow that consensus .
So , instead of providing information , they are deliberately misleading folks …
Often what the majority does is wrong because the majority of people are not the experts .
By definition , the experts are a minority .
You ’d expect a higher standard from Wikipedia , would n’t you ?
Would n’t you ?
Aw , come on , surely you do n’t mean to imply that Wikipedia is a place where things become true because most people say so , do you ?
Consensus , when used in this way , is nothing other than mind - rot for the masses , group - think at its worst .
There is a valid use of the word when it applies to decision - making .
But this is n’t about decision - making , it ’s about out - voting or out - discussing .
What ’s interesting to me is that I heard a radio interview with Wikipedia ’s founder Jimmy Wales , and he was extremely careful to say GNU / Linux when discussing the operating system that runs the website .
Saying that Linux is an operating system has not , does not , and never will make it true any more than saying that a steering wheel is a car makes it so .
30 second video clip per day for a year edited into a 90 second time lapse .
Made during the horrid , self - reflective , and , frequently , gassy hours aboard a trans -Atlantic flight this past weekend , our New Year ’s resolutions swore us to no less than three weeks of Spartan , monkish grazing on whole grains , green vegetables and lean protein in order to trim ourselves of burgeoning , lumpy mid-sections brought on by the combined Holiday calories of three Thanksgiving dinners , two Christmas roasts and a New Year ’s trip to France .
However , we have since surprised , or dismayed , even ourselves with the deplorable level of willpower demonstrated in abandoning our resolutions after just three days .
Only slightly less amazing is that three days of salads could drive us to such an extreme .
Perhaps the only positive we can draw is that at least we ’re starting 2010 with a gastronomic bang instead of whimpering abstemiousness .
The chivito is , informally , the national dish of Uruguay and legend has it that it came about when an Argentine tourist from the city of Cordoba , visited the establishment of restaurateur Antonio Carbonara in the beautiful beach resort of Punta del Este , and asked for a sandwich of roasted young goat meat ( a specialty of her native province ) , known as chivito * .
Having no goat , Senor Carbonara proceeded to prepare a steak sandwich for his Argentine guest , topping it with just about everything he had to hand in his kitchen .
The resulting sandwich was such a great success that it became a permanent item on Carbonara ’s menu , and its fame spread across the country like wildfire , becoming known in the process as the chivito .
As with nearly every “ national ” dish , there are a few variations on the theme , but the chivito is basically a sandwich made of a thin piece of beef , often skirt steak ( churrasco ) topped with melted mozzarella cheese , grilled or pan fried red pepper , bacon , ham , egg ( either boiled or fried ) , lettuce , tomato , sliced onions , mayonnaise , sliced pickles and olives on a bread roll .
The two principal variants on this theme are the Chivito Canadiense ( Canadian chivito ) which substitutes Canadian - style bacon for the crispier kind , and the chivito al plato , a deliciously messy platter of all the typical ingredients served without a bun on a plate and often with fries , or , maybe even more commonly , with ensalada rusa ( Russian salad – potatoes , mayonnaise , carrots , peas , tuna , onion , parsley , and , occasionally , boiled egg and sliced beets ) .
Note : Chivitos may also substitute chicken or veal escallopes for the steak .
On our final night in Montevideo last spring , instead of our usual giant steak dinner at one of that city ’s wonderful parrillas , we tasted our first chivito at a small sidewalk cafe in the quiet neighborhood of Pocitos .
Until that moment , we had been led to believe that the United States was the home of the world ’s most ambitious and artery - busting sandwiches — indeed , it is home to most of them — but we now know that the Uruguayans , in their charmingly understated and apparently ego - less manner , have created something which can challenge for that title .
Whether you choose to make yourself a chivito now or later , as a reward for an extended period of fasting , is entirely up to you , but since last night ’s regimenal aberration we have remade our vows to gastronomic penitence .
How long we keep them this time is , as yet , unknown , but the mere sight of a chivito tends to focus your mind on , ahem , one ’s weighty personal issues .
* The word chivito refers , specifically , to a young goat that has been weaned and fed on solid food .
It , therefore , differs from the cabrito , or baby goat – an unweaned animal – by being some months older .
El Chivito with Ensalada Rusa ( serves 2 )
Ingredients : 1/2 lb skirt , shell or shoulder steak
4oz mozzarella cheese , sliced
1/2 red pepper , sliced into wide pieces
2 eggs
2 bread rolls , Kaiser or Portuguese type work well ( large floury baps for UK readers )
4 rashers smoked bacon
4 slices cooked ham
1/2 large tomato , sliced
1/2 large tomato , diced
1/4 yellow / Spanish onion , sliced into half - moons
1/4 yellow / Spanish onion , diced
2 or 3 large leaves iceberg lettuce
5 oz mayonnaise
1/2 can tuna in oil
2 large floury potatoes , peeled and quartered
2 small or 1 large carrot , quartered
4oz frozen peas ( petit pois )
2 oz scallions / spring onions , finely chopped
2oz Italian / flat - leaf parsely , finely chopped
1 pickled cucumber , sliced into strips
salt and black peppper Recipe : Boil potatoes for the salad for 6 - 10 minutes ( depending on size of pieces ) until they ’ll slide off a knife pushed into them .
Remove from water and set aside to cool .
In the same water , boil carrots ( also for the salad ) for 4 minutes or so , until tender but retaining a little crunch .
Drain and set aside to cool .
In a large frying or saute pan , cook bacon until crispy .
Remove to a paper - toweled plate .
Pour off some of the bacon grease , leaving just enough to coat the pan , and add steaks .
( Make sure to season meat before cooking . )
Cut open rolls / cut rolls in half horizontally .
Turn after 1 minute and place mozzarella slices on cooked side .
Cover pan for a further minute , to allow cheese to melt , before removing steaks to a plate .
Add an extra splash of bacon fat , if necessary , before quickly frying the red pepper just enough to soften it .
No more than 2 minutes in total .
Remove peppers and , again , if necessary , add a touch of extra fat to the pan .
Fry your eggs on one side just long enough to coagulate the white , leaving the yolk gloriously gooey .
Now , following the pictorial above , begin to assemble sandwich with cheesy - steak at the bottom , then pile the other ingredients on in the following order : red peppers , ham , fried egg , bacon , tomato , pickles , sliced ( half - moon ) onions and lettuce .
Dress with mayonnaise ( or golf sauce ) and olives before topping with bun .
Returning to your now - cooled potatoes and carrots for the ensalada rusa .
Dice potatoes into 1/2 inch chunks , and carrots into 1/8 inch pieces and place in a large bowl .
Combine the diced onion , scallions , parsley , tuna , peas , diced tomato and 4 oz of mayonnaise in this bowl .
Stir well and season with salt and pepper to taste .
Add a glug of olive oil if it feels too thick .
Your ensalada rusa is ready .
Now , slice your chivito carefully and enjoy it with the salad in all its messy glory with plenty of napkins and cold beer .
Here 's the state of the - stable kernel trees , as of January 18 , 2010 .
2.6.27 - stable
The 2.6.27 - stable kernel tree is still living on , as a " long - term " stable release .
But , I do have to warn users of this tree , the older it gets , the less viable it becomes .
Not all bugfixes are being backported to this kernel version due to massive code changes in the over 2 years since this kernel has been released .
I am doing my best to backport fixes that I become aware of , and I encourage anyone who does fix any types of bugs in the main kernel tree to let me know if the change should be applied to this older kernel version .
I 'll probably keep maintaining it for at least 6 - 8 more months , but after that , I can not guarantee it 's viability .
Note , one other developer has volunteered to pick up the tree after I am finished with it , but I can not speak for him at this time .
2.6.31 - stable
Today the last 2.6.31 - stable kernel was released , all users of this kernel series are strongly encouraged to switch to the 2.6.32 kernel series , as there will not be any more updates for this branch in the future .
2.6.32 - stable
I 'd like to announce that the 2.6.32 - stable tree is also going to be maintained as a " long - term " stable release , living for 2 - 3 years , like the 2.6.27 kernel is .
This is because a number ( i.e. more than 2 ) Linux distributions are basing their " enterprise " releases on this kernel version , and it will make their lives easier if I keep it alive .
Note , the viability of me keeping this tree alive for such a length of time relies on the developers working for those distros to keep me informed of patches that need to be backported and applied to it .
Without their help , I will have no problem in stopping the maintenance of the tree .
Submitting patches for stable trees
Again , the easiest way to get your patch into a - stable tree is to merely add the line :
Cc : stable < stable@kernel.org >
to the Signed - off - by : area of your patch .
When the patch goes into Linus 's tree , it will be automatically sent to the stable address , and I will know to apply it to the trees .
If I have any problem applying it at that time , I will email the author and reviewers of the patch about it .
If you forgot to add this line to the patch , or you have found a patch written by someone else that you wish to have applied to the stable trees , email the git commit id of the patch as it shows up in Linus 's tree to the stable@kernel.org email address .
Any stable correspondence sent to my personal accounts has the chance of being lost in the shuffle , so please try to not do that .
If a patch needs to be backported to one of the stable trees because it does not apply directly , please send the backported patch , along with the git commit id of the original patch , to the stable@kernel.org address , with a description of which kernel tree it should be applied to .
If anyone has any other questions about stable releases , please let me know .
posted Mon , 18 Jan 2010 in [ / linux ]
Update : Welcome Daily Dish readers !
Thanks to link love from Andrew you may notice the site is a bit slow .
Getting hammered today with record traffic ( 12/29 ) .
Thanks for visiting , following on Twitter , friending on Facebook , bookmarking , and signing up for weekly updates !
You might also enjoy these posts on this topic :
Remembering How Far We?ve Come ?
Part 2
But for the lack of a lock on a cockpit door ?
Why is the GOP so soft on terrorism ?
……….
To those who think Barack Obama did n’t change this country enough for their liking , pay attention to how we as a society have already begun dealing with the Christmas Day terrorist attack differently .
?
It is stark , pervasive , even in the air .
There is no fear .
?
No panic . ?
No alarmism .
?
Not coming from this White House , not from any authorities , not from the passengers ( who seem almost thrilled to be the heroes ) and as a result , not even in the media .
?
Republicans started whining from minute one , and got more whiny the less the White House used their preferred language of belligerence .
Under George W. Bush , or John McCain , the media narrative would already be settling on whether or not to invade Yemen .
?
Now , the narrative is about soft power – how to reach these wealthy sons of bankers to stop them , how to tighten up our security at airports , how to support reform minded Muslims , how to give alternatives to potential Al Qaeda recruits who are not poor villagers but wealthy intellectuals with an axe to grind .
In other words , Republicans would be doing the terrorists work for them , by spreading more terror .
?
Barack Obama is doing America ’s work , by addressing the problem calmly , quietly , confidently .
?
That leadership will translate into confidence in the American public the same way the panicked leadership of the Bush administration translated into fear .
Al Qaeda seems almost miffed that we are n’t panicking .
?
I ca n’t really recall Al Qaeda so loudly and immediately claiming credit for any attack , not even 9/11 .
?
And yet , they ’ve done so here , praising testicle toaster as a failed martyr , making him a banner headline , because the American response is n’t giving them enough ink .
In fact , there is a growing tinge of mockery of this terrorist for toasting his testicles .
?
This dude who ca n’t light a fuse is gonna raise the terror threat level to orange ?
?
Please .
?
It strikes me as practically British – laughing at the Nazis all the way to the rubble pile in the East End .
?
We ’re laughing at Al Qaeda , for the first time , in unison , ?as a country .
?
Think about that .
Make no mistake – in the Muslim world to which Al Qaeda attempts to speak , this episode is a total humiliation , seen as such , and will hurt Al Qaeda .
?
I ca n’t think of a more effective way to scupper Al Qaeda recruitment than to turn one of their attacks into a worldwide joke . ?
Yes it will enrage them .
?
Yes , they will try harder to hit us again .
But now , we have leadership that can crush them , by turning Al Qaeda ’s weaknesses into our strength .
That ’s change .
?
Come to think of it …. why did n’t we try this before ?
European trade unions and industry groups from TV , film and radio have joined Bono , Lily Allen and other big - name artists in calling for wider legal crackdowns on internet piracy .
Workers ' representatives and trade groups from across Europe have formed a coalition to urge the European Union to formally adopt a strong stance against illegal filesharing and to put more pressure on internet service providers ( ISPs ) to help curb piracy .
The calls follow headline - grabbing plans from the UK government to curb copyright infringement , including sending warning letters to persistent unlawful filesharers .
Under the proposals , if piracy is not reduced by 70 % , the government will introduce a series of " technical measures " that could include suspending a pirate 's broadband connection .
The plans have drawn intense criticism from ISPs and consumer groups but support from musicians , including Allen , who collated the views of various artists in a controversial blog last autumn .
The European Audiovisual Social Dialogue Committee is now calling for " improvements to the legal framework " throughout the EU to encourage producers , broadcasters and content creators to provide more lawful online services .
" The unauthorised filesharing of protected works and performances – as well as the need for all right holders to derive tangible benefits from the exploitation of their work – are important issues that need to be better recognised by the European commission and other EU institutions , " the committee – whose members include the Association of Commercial Television in Europe , the International Federation of Film Producers Associations and the European Federation of Journalists – said in a joint statement .
The committee wants the internal markets commissioner to " ensure that all member states have the necessary infrastructure to effectively enforce copyright protection laws and ensure all ISPs work to prevent illegal P2P filesharing and other IP infringements through their services . "
The commission is also being asked to carry out research into the economic effects of online piracy , including possible job losses and lost revenues , and to consider introducing or reviewing EU legislation to protect copyright holders .
The UK grouping of entertainment industry trade unions , called the Creative Coalition Campaign , backed the Europe - wide calls .
" Although the UK is taking a lead with the proposals outlined in the digital economy bill , unfortunately , other EU countries are lagging behind , putting the whole of the EU 's creative sector at serious risk , " Christine Payne , general secretary of Equity and chair of the Creative Coalition Campaign , said .
But the demands are likely to face strong opposition from ISPs .
The UK plans have already been strongly condemned by TalkTalk as draconian and unlikely to work .
Last week the broadband company , part of Charles Dunstone 's Carphone Warehouse business , criticised comments by Bono , the U2 frontman , questioning ISPs ' claims that they cannot always know the nature of internet traffic .
Bono cited " America 's noble effort to stop child pornography " as proof to the contrary , but Andrew Heaney , TalkTalk 's executive director of strategy and regulation , said : " It is outrageous to equate the need to protect minors from the evils of child pornography with the need to protect copyright owners .
" Bono obviously does not understand how simple it is to access copyright - protected content without being detected .
P2P filesharing can be spotted ( albeit at great cost ) but there are dozens of applications and tools out there which allow people to view content for free and no amount of snooping can detect it . "
CRAWFORD , TX ( The Borowitz Report ) -
The decade just past was " an awesome one in just about every way " and will be hard to top , according to former President George W. Bush .
In a new interview with the former president , Mr. Bush reflected on the highlights of what he believes will be known as " The Greaterest Decade . "
" We won the war on terror in Iraq and Afghanistan , and we made the dream of home ownership available to millions of Americans who could n't afford their monthly payments , " he said .
" That 's going to be a tough act to follow . "
Mr. Bush also said that of all his accomplishments over the past decade , he was proudest of " improving America 's standing around the world . "
" Anywhere you go , people love America , " he said .
" I see this in Crawford every day . "
As for his successor , President Barack Obama , he had some simple advice : " Never forget where you came from , which , in your case , is Kenya . "
More here .
_______
About author Andy Borowitz is a comedian and writer whose work appears in The New Yorker and The New York Times , and at his award - winning humor site , Andy Borowitz is a comedian and writer whose work appears in The New Yorker and The New York Times , and at his award - winning humor site , BorowitzReport.com .
He is performing at the 92nd St. Y on April 30 at 8 PM with special guests Judy Gold , Hendrik Hertzberg , and Jonathan Alter .
For tickets , go to 92y.org
We will not recognize [ American Fascism ] as it rises .
It will wear no black shirts here .
It will probably have no marching songs .
It will rise out of a congealing of a group of elements that exist here and that are the essential components of Fascism … .
It will be at first decorous , humane , glowing with homely American sentiment .
But a dictatorship cannot remain benevolent .
To continue , it must become ruthless .
When this stage is reached we shall see that appeal by radio , movies , and government - controlled newspapers to all the worst instincts and emotions of our people .
The rough , the violent , the lawless men will come to the surface and into power .
This is the terrifying prospect as we move along our present course . —
~ John T. Flynn , American Mercury , February 1941
The formula for an American variant of Fascism includes , but is not limited to , the following :
* A fusion of institutions the constitutional Framers intended to keep separate ; abolition or nullification of any residual checks on the power of the central government .
Barack Obama ’s January 11 executive order creating a “ Council of Governors ” to help “ synchronize ” policy regarding foreign and domestic military operations does n’t merely add another redundant layer of bureaucracy to the overgrown Homeland Security apparatus .
It represents a critical milestone in the devolution of the American republic into an undisguised Reich .
The Council of Governors will be a bipartisan panel of ten state governors who “ meet at the call " of various executive functionaries , including the Secretaries of Defense and Homeland Security , to assist the Supreme Leader in carrying out the " synchronization and integration of State and Federal military activities in the United States , " with special emphasis on the role of the National Guard .
In 2006 Congress turned the National Guard into something akin to a Praetorian Guard to be used — whether at home or abroad — as the president desires .
This helps explain an obvious and ominous change in the Guard ’s definition of its mission and responsibilities , which include hands - on involvement in domestic law enforcement .
Either fight it now , or get used to this kind of thing : Pennsylvania State Troopers — one with a drawn assault rifle , his trigger - finger ready — bracket a terrified driver during a roadblock set up near Pittsburgh following the death of a “ comrade ” in a domestic shooting .
Do n’t assume for a pico - second that the friendly people in official costumes would resist any opportunity to treat the rest of us like this .
While it ’s not clear that the Framers would have countenanced the current system of quasi-military law enforcement , they defined what we now call law enforcement as a matter to be dealt with by the states .
It ’s also quite obvious that the Founders , who looked with undisguised alarm on the concept of a standing military , would never have permitted the consolidation of police bodies with the military .
As an advisory body , the Council of Governors will have no real policy - making authority .
Its chief function , I suspect , will be to ratify a binding “ consensus ” on behalf of whatever mission the Commander - in - Chief ordains for his new personal army .
This “ consensus ” will be invoked to justify the usurpation of state control over Guard units .
According to an official White House press release , the Council " will provide an invaluable Senior Administration forum for exchanging views with State and local officials on strengthening our National resilience and the homeland defense and civil support challenges facing our Nation today and in the future . "
In the interests of brevity , the Obamacrats could simply have said that the Council will help " relieve the distress of the people and Reich ” — a justification used by the German National Socialists during their own campaign of national “ synchronization and integration . ”
The Nazis used the term Gleichschaltung to describe this process of " coordination " or " synchronization " of all government functions by centralizing power in the Chief Executive .
This was accomplished through a series of executive decrees supposedly authorized by the 1933 Enabling Act , formally known as the " Law for Removing the Distress of People and Reich . "
Obama ’s January 11 executive order is a natural outgrowth of the post - 911 American Enabling Act .
* Imposition of the “ Leader Principle ” under which the powers of the chief executive are self - defined , self - ratifying , and effectively limitless .
In terms of the role it played in institutionalizing a permanent state of emergency and wartime executive dictatorship , the German Enabling Act was the direct antecedent of the September 14 , 2001 " Authorization for Use of Military Force " enacted by a Congress in a fit of institutional panic .
That measure was an open - ended grant of unspecified power to conduct war against all and sundry , whether at home or abroad .
It has been invoked to justify the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , low - grade warfare in Pakistan and Yemen , and the prospective war against Iran .
Celebrity war criminal John Yoo , the chief legal architect of the American torture regime , maintains that the September 14 Enabling Act justifies any imaginable exercise of power by the president .
On this construction the president can summarily imprison anyone he chooses to , authorize the use of torture — either against the detainee or even his children — or even order summary executions .
The only congressional recourse , according to Yoo and those who share his perspective , is to de-fund such presidential activities should they ever come to public notice .
Given that Congress in September 2008 essentially surrendered its constitutional authority to control the public purse , it ’s not at all clear that it even retains the ability to withhold funding as a way of addressing presidential atrocities after the fact .
* Repudiation of explicit and indispensable due process guarantees and protections in the interest of “ efficiency , ” expediency , and public “ safety . ”
The most remarkable legal “ victory ” won by the Obama regime thus far effectively re-instates the odious assumption at the heart of the infamous 1857 Dred Scott decision — namely , that the government can treat some human beings as “ non-persons . ”
On December 14 , the Supreme Court let stand a lower court ’s ruling that suspected terrorists classified as " unlawful enemy combatants " enjoy no legal protection against torture or other mistreatment because they are not considered " persons " under the law .
Attorneys representing detainees had invoked the protections of the Religious Freedom Restoration Act ( or RFRA ) , which explicitly applies to all " persons . "
A federal appeals court rejected that argument , thereby effectively categorizing such detainees as " non-persons . "
Just as remarkable is the lower court ’s blithe observation that “ torture is a foreseeable consequence of the military ’s detention of suspected enemy combatants . ”
Accordingly , torture victims thus categorized have no standing to pursue civil relief , let alone criminal prosecution despite the fact that torture is explicitly forbidden by federal statutory law and the U.S. Constitution ( as well as international accords , for whatever they ’re worth ) .
One Nation , Under Surv ... Kenneth W. Royce Best Price : $ 3.80 Buy New null ( as of 06:20 EST - Details )
There is a sinister syllogism here :
Only “ persons ” enjoy legal standing ; “ suspected enemy combatants ” subjected to torture are n’t “ persons ” ; ergo , they have no legal standing and thus no recourse .
It ’s not just accused or suspected terrorists who qualify for indefinite detention .
In 2006 — a very busy year for those beavering away constructing the Homeland Security State — Congress enacted the “ Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act , ” a measure that permits perpetual “ civil confinement ” of “ sexually dangerous persons . ”
As previously noted in this space , the Adam Walsh Act is firmly in the totalitarian tradition of designating entire groups of people to be “ socially dangerous ” and thus suitable only for confinement , even in the absence of a criminal conviction or after a prison term has been served .
The Obama administration , which recently defended that law before the Supreme Court , subscribes to the view of its predecessor that the end of a prison term does n’t necessarily mean the end of imprisonment .
During oral arguments , this view appeared to find favor with a majority on the Court , including liberal ( and therefore supposedly “ soft- on - crime ” ) Justices Breyer and Ginsburg .
Breyer , according to the Los Angeles Times , drew an analogy between open - ended “ civil confinement ” and quarantine .
The chief distinction here , of course , would be that “ sexually dangerous ” people ( a category that includes many people entirely innocent of actual criminal offenses ) would be subject to perpetual quarantine .
As one former civil detainee pointed out to CNN , this may mean being “ committed to a mental institution for the rest of your life . ”
No rational person should suppose that the practice of perpetual civil confinement will be restricted to “ sexually dangerous people . ”
The definition of “ socially dangerous people ” will be made as elastic as our rulers desire , eventually becoming a net that will gather indiscriminately of every kind of dissident .
This is exactly how the Soviet ruling elite filled the gulag .
* Subsumation of state and local police into a centralized , militarized internal security apparatus .
With apologies to the immortal Marty Robbins : Down in the west Texas town of El Paso , each cop will now have an AR - 15 … .
Last fall , the city government of El Paso received a federal “ stimulus ” grant of nearly one million dollars to use at their discretion .
Despite being the second - safest city in the U.S. in terms of violent crime , the city decided to spend the money on 1,145 military - grade assault weapons for the local police .
Why ?
Well — would you believe that the police are threatened by narcotics syndicates across the border in Juarez ?
Actually , they are n’t .
While spectacular criminal violence does plague Juarez , El Paso , once again , is the second - safest city in the United States .
All right — would you believe that the police are concerned that “ errant soldiers ” stationed at local Ft. Bliss might run amok and slaughter local citizens ?
While this argument effectively demolishes an assumption cherished by advocates of civilian disarmament ( namely , that police and soldiers are uniquely trustworthy when it comes to firearms ) , firearms - related crimes involving soldiers have been quite rare and the weapon of choice has invariably been a handgun .
Well , whatever you do believe , those responsible for this policy simply wo n’t countenance the idea that the police intend to over - awe the gun-owning public .
“ We are not trying to outgun the people with guns in our community , ” insists El Paso city council member Beto O’Rourke , “ but to protect the public . ”
Fellow council member Susie Byrd , to her credit , is n’t inclined to buy what O’Rourke and his allies are selling .
“ You always want police to approach any situation with an abundance of caution , ” she points out .
“ Having big assault rifles might embolden less cautious behavior . ”
This is n’t just a particularly troublesome example of the familiar bureaucratic routine of finding a “ problem ” to justify a profligate “ solution . ”
It ’s a splendid example of the federally subsidized militarization of “ local ” law enforcement in the absence of any legitimate threat .
This began in earnest decades ago with the creation , by future LAPD Chief Daryl Gates , of the first SWAT team , which was supposed to be used in extraordinary circumstances , such as hostage situations .
Richard Nixon ’s politically motivated invention of the “ War on Drugs ” caused a nation - wide proliferation of SWAT teams .
In recent years , SWAT missions have expanded to include commonplace tasks , such as serving warrants or even policing city parades .
It seems as if many police departments are becoming civilian support systems for the local SWAT teams .
SWAT and other tactical units are armed , trained , and equipped by the Pentagon ; their members are marinated in military doctrines incompatible with civilian peace officer duty .
It ’s reasonable to suspect that , whether by design or default , SWAT teams serve as a way to circumvent the Posse Comitatus prohibition on the use of the military for domestic law enforcement .
Lt. Andrew Esposito , Operational Commander of the Rescue Entry and Counter Terrorism ( REACT ) team for Rockland County , New York , regards the Posse Comitatus act as an impediment to effective counter - terrorism arrangements , which would involve extensive coordination between law enforcement and the military .
Lt. Esposito ( a 21 - year Marine veteran ) would also require that “ local ” police departments “ send [ their ] operators and SWAT commanders to Military schools that instruct infantry tactics and command .
A recent RAND Corporation report commissioned by the Pentagon ’s Peacekeeping and Stability Operations Institute explores another possible detour around the Posse Comitatus Act — namely , the creation of a “ hybrid ” military / law enforcement body called the “ Stability Police Force . ”
The SFOR would be created within the U.S. Marshals Service ( USMS ) for use " in a range of tasks such as crowd and riot control , special weapons and tactics ( SWAT ) , and investigations of organized criminal groups " — both in UN - supervised military missions abroad , and domestic emergencies here at home .
Initially as small as 2—6,000 personnel , the SFOR ’s size " could be increased by augmenting it with additional federal , state , or local police from the United States " as necessary .
Using the Marshals Service rather than the US Army ’s Military Police as host for the SFOR would provide the Regime with all the advantages of militarizing law enforcement without creating a direct conflict with the Posse Comitatus Act .
Using the USMS as a platform for the unit " would place it where its members can develop the needed skills under the hybrid staffing option , " summarizes the RAND report .
" Furthermore , the USMS has the broadest law enforcement mandate of any U.S. law enforcement agency … .
[ This model ] provides significant domestic policing and homeland security benefits by providing thousands of additional police officers across the United States . "
( Emphasis added . )
You & the Police !
Kenneth W. Royce Best Price : $ 2.00 Buy New $ 61.09 ( as of 06:20 EST - Details )
Once retro-fitted into the Marshals Service , the SFOR would be used to deepen and accelerate the process of assimilating domestic law enforcement into the military by “ augmenting state and local agencies , many of which currently suffer from severe personnel shortages . ”
* The demand for instant , unqualified submission by “ civilians ” to any directive issued by someone in a government - issued costume .
A recent California court ruling held that police officers cannot use Tasers as instruments of “ pain compliance ” in situations involving simple defiance of supposed police authority .
Not surprisingly , that decision — which probably wo n’t lead to a noticeable reduction in gratuitous use of Officer Jackboot ’s favorite torture toy — provoked the indignation of police unions and was widely criticized by people who assume that citizens are required to render immediate , unquestioning submission to any demand made of them by anyone bearing the State ’s insignia .
News archives and file - sharing sites abound in episodes of entirely unnecessary criminal violence inflicted on harmless people in retaliation for “ contempt of cop . ”
( Here is an exceptionally comprehensive source . )
To that collection we can add the recent experience of retired Marine and former police officer Ron Doyle of Chambersburg , Pennsylvania .
Last Sunday ( January 10 ) , Doyle noticed a pickup truck parked in the fire lane outside a local grocery store .
Annoyed by the sight , Doyle confronted the driver .
The man , who was dressed in casual clothes , responded by reaching into the pocket of his jeans and produced the piece of costume jewelry identifying himself as a Pennsylvania State Trooper named Craig Finkle .
After Doyle made a disparaging comment pointing out that Finkle was n’t on duty and turned to leave .
The Trooper pulled out his cell phone and demanded that Doyle come back ; as Doyle approached Finkle again he overheard the Trooper call for “ units that can roll now . ”
Doyle quite understandably decided to leave .
He walked a short distance to his car and drove home , with Finkle trailing him .
Shortly thereafter three state police cars converged on Doyle ’s home .
Displaying a confidence that would be touching if not so tragically misplaced , Doyle called 911 and pleaded for intervention by the local borough police department .
The phone line was left open as Doyle unlocked the door , only to be dragged to the floor by three of Finkle ’s homies , who said he was being arrested for “ disorderly conduct ” — a “ cover charge ” commonly used to punish anyone perceived to be insufficiently servile in the presence of the state ’s punitive priesthood .
Finkle — who , as a police officer , is quite literally trained to lie — claimed that a visibly intoxicated Doyle shouted obscenities at him .
The arresting officers claimed that he had assumed an “ aggressive stance ” — a phrase used to describe any posture other than that of cringing , chastened submission — and that he had shouted obscenities at them as well .
Doyle points out that the entire incident was recorded by the 911 dispatcher .
The “ local ” police , in whom Doyle had invested his trust , are refusing to release the recording .
According to the county “ open records ” officer , “ the public interest in disclosure does not outweigh the interest in nondisclosure . ”
This almost certainly means that publicizing the recording would contradict the official story , which of course simply would n’t do .
* The emergence of the military as the core public institution .
Three Felonies a Day : ... Harvey A. Silverglate Best Price : $ 10.99 Buy New $ 32.95 ( as of 04:35 EST - Details )
In the Winter 1992 — 1993 issue of Parameters , the journal of the U.S. Army War College , military historian Charles J. Dunlap published a premonitory essay entitled “ The Origins of the American Military Coup of 2012 . ”
Written from the perspective of an officer awaiting execution as a traitor to the new junta , Dunlap ’s essay presents a terrifyingly plausible scenario for America ’s descent into undisguised military rule .
“ It was n’t any single cause that led us to this point , ” writes the condemned patriot in a long letter to a friend .
“ It was instead a combination of several different developments , the beginnings of which were evident in 1992 .
Unlike previous eras in which the military would be de-mobilized after a war , the end of the Cold War saw an increase in the op - tempo of deployments abroad , both for “ peacekeeping ” missions and various “ operations other than war . ”
Rather than cashing in a peace dividend , the federal government actually expanded the military budget .
It also found new domestic missions to keep the military occupied .
Military personnel became “ an adjunct to all police forces in the country , ” the officer recalls ; social and economic problems were redefined as “ national security ” issues and brought within the military ’s area of responsibility .
Uniformed military personnel became a common sight , recalls Dunlap ’s fictional narrator .
People became inured to the sight of “ uniformed military personnel patrolling their neighborhood … .
Even the youngest citizens were co-opted … .
[ We have ] an entire generation of young people who have grown up comfortable with the sight of military personnel patrolling their streets and teaching in their classrooms . ”
As political and economic turbulence hit the United States , the military was exempt from public disaffection with government institutions .
While most people properly viewed elected officials and bureaucrats with contempt , for some reason they saw the military as a bottomless well of competence .
That perception somehow survived the disasters Dunlap predicted would occur in 2010 , when the “ Second Gulf War ” in Iraq metastasized into a large - scale conflict with Iran , an event that triggered a terminal crisis of confidence in the existing political order .
As the federal government became a failed state , the proverbial Man on a White Horse arrived : General E.T. Brutus , who seized power in a bloodless coup in 2012 , indefinitely “ postponed ” elections , and engineered a referendum in which his new status as military ruler of the United States was ratified by a traumatized and desperate plurality of the voting public .
For Dunlap and others who cherish individual liberty protected by law , this projection is a nightmare scenario .
For many conservatives it embodies an entirely realistic political “ solution ” for our current distress — or perhaps even their fondest and most earnest wishes .
“ When I see the worsening degeneracy in our politicians , our media , our educators , and our intelligentsia , I ca n’t help wondering if the day may yet come when the only thing that can save this country is a military coup , ” mused conservative columnist Thomas Sowell a few years ago .
Sowell later defended , and elaborated on , that comment during an interview on Sean Hannity ’s Fox “ News ” program : “ I ’m very serious about whether or not the country can be saved at all in the long run , especially with Iran moving toward nuclear weapons , with so many signs of degeneracy — the schools , whatnot .
Heaven knows , I do n’t want to see a military coup but I do n’t want to see the society disintegrate , either . ”
America ’s Man on ...
Odom , Guy R. Best Price : $ 4.65 Buy New $ 7.85 ( as of 11:12 EST - Details )
The “ Man on Horseback ”
Though it may appear odd to hear such sentiments emanating from a pundit regarded by many as a species of libertarian , it ’s reasonable to believe that the same views are shared by a significant portion of the punitive populist right , and liberals who covet the power to wage domestic war against their own political enemies .
For people of that persuasion , Guy Odom ’s 1999 manifesto America ’s Man on Horseback is pure political poetry .
For militarists of the Victor David Hanson variety , Odom ’s book would be like Viagra in print .
Odom , a Texas resident who is a Navy veteran , self - made billionaire , and self - taught political philosopher , is a writer of considerable gifts and no small amount of wit .
He describes his book as an updating of Machiavelli ’s notorious work The Prince , in this case addressed to the military veteran Odom predicts will arise in 2013 to become the first ruler of an undisguised American Empire .
While I may be blind to some Swiftian subtlety in Odom ’s writing , it seems clear to me that the author eagerly anticipates a military dictatorship and intended for his book to serve as a program of action , a blueprint for “ America ’s transition from a dying Republic to a dynamic Empire . ”
The titular Man on Horseback , Odom predicts , will be a military veteran in robust middle age who will be elected “ to deliver the honest , hardworking , law abiding minority from their persecution by the ungodly and the unconscionable … the first president empowered to rid the country of crime and punish all criminals , whether violent or nonviolent , who rob Americans of their lives , their safety , and their livelihoods . ”
While the Ruler , the “ sole arbiter of good and evil , ” will have power to do whatever he pleases to whomever he chooses , Odom predicts that he will exercise such power with surgical delicacy in order to “ benefit the population on the whole with your necessary cruelties . ”
As was the case with Dunlap ’s dystopian projections , Odom ’s eager prescription for dictatorship anticipates developments that have already come to pass , either in whole or part .
“ When you suspend the Constitution and the writ of Habeas Corpus , enemies and their public statements of indignation will surface , ” Odom writes .
While the former has n’t formally happened — why “ suspend ” a charter of government that has been rendered useless through decades of institutional contempt ? — the latter happened in 2006 .
Odom observes that the Ruler ’s minions “ will record the names ” of those who condemned the abolition of the Great Writ and otherwise opposed the Dear Leader , “ tape their television quotes , and fill electronic file cabinets with their newspaper articles — all of which can be of immense value to you in times ahead , as the names of your impulsive adversaries will be documented for future recall and consideration . ”
A literal domestic “ war on crime ” would be undertaken , led by the Marines .
All civilian law enforcement agencies would be “ inducted temporarily into America ’s armed forces ” in order to participate in “ open warfare ” against criminals .
Rioters and armed domestic dissidents would be quickly liquidated , of course .
Under the new “ justice ” system , convicted criminals would be subject to “ extraordinary rendition ” to prisons in Siberia and Africa .
Blackwater - style mercenaries in the employ of the president would be dispatched overseas to apprehend tax evaders and others who had fled the dictator ’s jurisdiction .
Odom anticipates a vastly expanded role for the Internal Revenue Service .
It would be assigned to “ oversee the United States domestic law enforcement agencies ” ; it would be put in charge of the national census , and be given the resources to hire huge numbers of civilian informants ; it would be in charge of a database containing DNA samples from each American , and supervise the quarantine of anybody carrying AIDS or afflicted with other dangerous diseases .
The IRS would also be given the assignment of enforcing a sweeping bill of attainder against those deemed to be hereditary enemies of the state .
Although those summarily executed would be “ relatively few in number , ” Odom writes , at least some of them would be punished not for anything they had done , but because of the purported crimes of their ancestors .
“ Attainder and corruption of blood recognize no innocence , ” he observes .
“ For the first time in American history , citizens will perish without a trial and , even , without a pronouncement of guilt . ”
The IRS would seize and bank the assets of those “ cleansed ” in that fashion , an entirely suitable task for that repellent agency .
Go Directly to Jail : T... Best Price : $ 2.55 Buy New $ 22.99 ( as of 07:50 EST - Details )
In economic affairs , the Ruler ’s regime would implement a hyper -Hamiltonian regime of state corporatism , with the federal government as the “ employer of last resort . ”
Vast New Deal — style public works projects would be undertaken .
The educational system would be fused with early childhood programs and placed under the Ruler ’s personal direction as “ child development centers . ”
“ For your future glory , name the child - development schools after yourself , ” oozes Odom in an appropriately obsequious tone .
Those centers would provide the Ruler with the means of cultivating a huge corps of Janissaries — most of whom would be recruited from economically blighted inner cities — ready to give their lives on behalf of their Dear Leader .
To offer his Janissaries a chance to prove their devotion in combat , the Ruler would embark on an ambitious campaign of foreign aggression that would include the conquest of Mexico and the destruction of “ terrorist ” nations by any necessary means , including pre-emptive nuclear strikes .
“ Mobilizing the country ’s armed forces and making war to acquire territory is the only way a country can climb out of its decadence and into a stable period of growth and prosperity , ” writes Odom in a remarkably pure expression of military Keynesianism .
In addition to serving as the ultimate government “ economic stimulus program , ” war is necessary in order to ensure the Ruler ’s continued primacy : “ Without the catharsis of war , authoritative leaders are dislodged .
Conquest can help maintain your leadership , Mr. President … .
Conquest at some point becomes a must for you , Mr. President , not an option . ”
The Generalissimo envisioned by Odom would rule for at least thirty years , leaving behind him an American Empire spanning the entire Western Hemisphere , with the possible exception of Quebec .
Forestalling a Fascist Future
Liberty in Eclipse William Norman Grigg Best Price : $ 10.58 Buy New $ 57.61 ( as of 09:10 EST - Details )
Much of what Dunlap warned against , and Odom cheerfully anticipated , can be seen materializing around us .
The ambivalent good news is that the Regime may collapse before those predictions are consummated .
This would n’t mean the end of the domestic garrison state , but it would offer opportunities for rebellion against the imperial center , both abroad and at home .
The growing movement toward interposition is a very encouraging trend , but that political movement will avail little unless Americans by the tens of millions start practicing interposition and nullification on an individual level .
“ Everything within the state ; nothing outside the state ; nothing against the state , ” pronounced Mussolini in defining the fundamental fascist formula .
Restoring freedom will me inverting that formula :
We must exploit every opportunity to reject the state ’s authority over our lives , refuse both its plundered largesse and the chains that accompany it , and develop systems of mutual support outside of the state ’s ambit .
This will involve some social hardship and even an element of physical danger .
Conspicuously refusing to celebrate the supposed valor and virtue of the imperial military and law enforcement apparatus is not a prescription for popularity .
De-monetizing one ’s assets by converting them from fiat Federal Reserve Notes into real money ( gold and silver ) requires uncomfortable adjustments in one ’s time preference and consumer habits .
Devising contingency plans to protect one ’s family in the event of a sudden threat from the State is difficult and time - consuming .
Refusing to submit to unwarranted demands issued by an armed state functionary can be exceptionally risky .
These are minor inconveniences or trivial trials when examined in light of the future that awaits us .
Breaking up Leviathan ’s political mass through political and personal secession may be the only way to prevent it from becoming a super - dense , liberty - annihilating political singularity .
The Best of William Norman Grigg
NIESR says evidence of a recovery is starting to emerge
The UK economy grew by 0.3 % in the fourth quarter of 2009 , a leading economic think tank has said .
The National Institute of Economic and Social Research ( NIESR ) predicts that the economy returned to growth , bringing an end to the recession .
NIESR 's estimates come ahead of the official gross domestic product ( GDP ) figures for the fourth quarter , which will be released on 26 January .
The UK economy has contracted for six consecutive quarters .
That means the current recession is the longest since records began in 1955 .
Broader picture
NIESR said the pace of growth appears to be increasing .
It estimates that there was a 0.2 % increase in GDP in the three months ending in November .
According to NIESR 's data , GDP fell by 4.8 % in 2009 .
" This is a bigger fall than in any year of the Great Depression and is Britain 's biggest contraction since 1921 .
" The broader picture of the depression is that output fell sharply for twelve months until March and has not changed very much since then , although evidence of a recovery is starting to emerge . "
Developers have exterminated two bugs from the Linux kernel that threatened the security of people using the open - source operating system .
The most serious of the two is remote denial - of - service vulnerability that made it possible for attackers to crash systems by sending them oversized packets .
The underlying null pointer dereference flaw in the Linux kernel 's IP v4 defragmentation process is " basically the ping of death from the 90s , reintroduced by some code - refactoring , " Linux security guru Brad Spengler of grsecurity , told The Register .
The second bug could be used by unprivileged local users to gain root access over vulnerable boxes .
The vulnerability stems from a flaw in the Ext4 file system .
It can be exploited by users by overwriting arbitrary files .
The bugs , which appear to be patched in version 2.6.32 of the Linux kernel , were disclosed by David Ford and Akira Fujita .
They are discussed on the official Linux website here and here .
Linux distributor Ubuntu discusses them here and Red Hat has a discussion of them here and here . ®
On Tuesday 12 January , Wismond Exantus was at work in the ground - floor shop of the four - storey Napoli Inn in Port - au - Prince .
At 4.53 pm , when the magnitude 7.0 quake hit , the 24 - year - old cashier had the presence of mind to squirrel himself under a desk as the building tumbled down around him .
By Saturday , 11 days later and hours after the government declared search and rescue operations to be officially over , he was pulled alive from the ­rubble .
The story of Exantus – the last known survivor to emerge from Haiti 's shattered ruins – is a remarkable tale of crisps , beer , whisky , Twitter , a riot and a diminutive Scottish woman rescuer .
As he lay in the wreckage of the hotel , a drama unfolded of chaos , screaming and , eventually , helicopters and help .
Wedged into a tiny black cavity , Exantus knew nothing of what was happening outside .
" He did n't know if it was night or day , " said his brother , Enso .
He held his mobile phone throughout , but it was not charged , a torment which can only be imagined .
With his other hand he groped around for supplies that had been scattered around the ruined shop : crisps , sweets , soft drinks and beer .
When he wanted to sleep , he took a deep draught of whisky .
" By the end he had drunk a whole bottle of White Label , " said Enso .
The cashier dreamed , among other things , that he was in the middle of the ocean and riding a horse .
By Friday , after Exantus had spent 10 days in his dark tomb , the government declared the end of search and rescue operations .
The chance of finding more survivors was negligible .
International rescue teams started flying home .
By Saturday scavengers were picking over the wrecked hotel when they heard a faint tapping sound , barely audible , but insistent .
They alerted a passing Greek TV crew whose local fixer posted the news on Twitter while the journalists phoned the Hellenic Rescue Service , a volunteer team which , much delayed and supposedly too late , had arrived in Port - au - Prince just the night before .
The team jumped into a borrowed car and raced downtown .
" Within 10 minutes we were communicating with the man , " said Apostolos Dedas , the team leader .
The Greek rescuers lacked the heavy equipment necessary to move the debris so a group of French ­colleagues at the airport preparing to fly out were scrambled to the scene with their machines .
Four hours later they had cleared a tight space in the rubble , but the male ­rescuers were too big to fit down it to cut away the final debris .
" They needed someone else to go in but none of them was small enough , " said Carmen Michalska , a 5ft 5in native of Kirkcaldy and Fife attached to the Greek team .
" So I said I 'll go and I went straight in . "
At the bottom she found Exantus alive and smiling .
" He was just so happy to see us . "
When Exantus and his rescuers emerged a waiting crowd of Haitians applauded and cheered .
Michalska , 36 , on her first mission with the team , wore a layer of grime and a big smile .
She embraced colleagues , some teary - eyed .
" This is my first day with the Hellenic Rescue Service and at this rate it wo n't be my last . "
Did she ever suffer claustrophobia ?
She laughed .
" No. Good job . "
Exantus was given oxygen , put on a drip and ferried to the French field ­hospital .
Staff said he was tired , ­dehydrated and had abrasions on his arm but was otherwise fine .
Asked whether chugging beer and whisky was ­advisable when trapped under rubble Gilles Gueney , a paramedic , shrugged .
" Well , he 's here . "
Before slipping into a deep sleep , Exantus said he had been saved by divine deliverance .
" Every night I thought about the revelation that I would survive .
It was God who was tucking me away in his arms .
It gave me strength . "
• This article was amended on Monday 25 January 2010 to correct the spelling of Kirkcaldy .
SILVERTON — Loud cracks rise from the Animas River as ice shatters under a blinding midwinter sun .
That sound in this otherwise silent valley puts a big grin on Bruce Conrad ’s face .
“ A little thing like that is so ‘ Dad ’ to me , ” says the 39 - year - old San Juan County sheriff ’s deputy .
“ Dad ” is Skip Conrad , a man who was as much a part of these mountains that he rambled for 30 years as the avalanche chutes and the twists of streams .
Skip took off from Silverton 3 ½ years ago on one of his twice - daily hikes into the mountains and never returned .
His remains have never been located .
But Bruce and the many Silverton residents who cherished Skip for his care of the mountains and kindness to the people there say they feel as if they ’ve found Skip in other ways .
Most have come to grips with the possibility that Skip did not intend to return when he took off down Lackawanna Road the morning of Aug. 21 , 2006 .
He was a lean and ropy 56 - year - old .
He could out - hike those half his age .
But his carotid artery was shutting down , and doctors had told him it was too far gone to fix .
He had told more than one person he preferred to be “ coyote food ” than waste away in a hospital bed .
“ He chose his own exit .
And that ’s pretty cool , ” said San Juan County Commissioner Pete McKay , who always counted on Skip to speak out for environmental causes .
Good friend Anita Steck is one of the few who does n’t think Skip chose a hike with no return :
He was too averse to drawing attention to himself .
“ I think if it was the day , he would have left a note saying , ‘ Do n’t bother looking for me , ’ ” she said .
Another longtime friend , Silverton Town Board member and town coal man “ Outback John ” Shertz , said Skip would n’t have told anyone of his plans .
“ If he told someone he wanted to go for a last hike and sit under a tree and read the Bible , they would have locked him up , ” Shertz said .
Whether Skip planned a swan - song hike that Monday or suffered a dizzy spell and tumbled into a crevice or mineshaft will be the enduring mystery in his story .
His disappearance was noted when he did n’t show up at a tourist shop where he always took the trash out for a friend Wednesday mornings .
Bruce Conrad was a bartender at the time at one of the busiest establishments in Silverton .
He also was one of the officers on the San Juan County Search and Rescue team .
He quickly put down his bar rag and joined in when the call came that a search was being organized .
More than 50 searchers and a small army of volunteers combed the mountains around Skip ’s favorite haunts .
Helicopters and dogs joined those pounding the trails .
The organized effort was called off the next week with no sign of Skip .
But Bruce could n’t stop looking on his own .
The tracking of a trained and experienced searcher turned into the solo hunting of a heartbroken offspring .
“ He knew , I think , that we were n’t going to find him , ” Bruce said with reddened eyes as he rifled through a box of letters and papers his father left .
In the box were stacks of thank - you notes from charities across the country — orphanages , shelters for battered women and homeless programs .
It turned out this man who made his own shoes from castoff boot parts and served cold peas from a can to dinner guests , had given away more than $ 40,000 to charities .
Bruce Conrad said he already had been in awe of his father and the spare way he lived his life .
But when he saw those letters , “ I knew he was even more than I thought . ”
Skip came here 30 years ago as a hard - drinking brawler .
In Silverton , he worked for the mines , did mechanic and carpenter jobs , ran a ski-hill rope tow and made fudge for tourists .
Gradually , he also found something powerfully transforming in nature .
In 1983 , when the son he hardly knew was 13 , Skip invited him to spend a summer in Silverton .
They repeated this every other summer until Bruce decided in 1994 that he also was in love with his father ’s mountains .
He moved to Silverton .
Skip had become known for his many kindnesses .
He tutored kids in math .
He chopped wood , changed oil and shoveled snow for friends all over Silverton .
He fashioned some barbed wire he cleaned out of the mountains into figures of the crucified Christ that hang in front of the Silverton Catholic Church and outside his abandoned trailer .
He worked to get wilderness legislation passed to protect areas around Silverton and to secure wetlands protection along parts of the Animas .
His hand - lettered signs warning motorized vehicles not to trespass still poke out of the snow along the river .
The official search is over , although Skip still comes up on the computer next to Bruce ’s desk in the Sheriff ’s Office as “ missing . ”
But the “ searching ” for Skip — the wondering about his whereabouts and the quest for living life more like him — has no foreseeable end around here .
“ I ’ll let you know , ” Bruce Conrad said , with the same half - smile that his father was well - known for , “ when I ’m done looking . ”
Arakawa 's margin of victory was substantial ; there is no uncertainty :
Congratulations to the gold medal winner !
Bullet Points :
The medals are correct .
But under the rules , a computer would have awarded the silver to Slutskaya in just over 1/3 of all possible combinations of panels .
According to 12 judges , Cohen deserved the silver and was fortunate in the selection of panels ; Slutskaya was unlucky .
Short Program : About 58 % of the possible 220 panels would have placed Slutskaya over Cohen , and the consensus of all 12 judges would have placed Slutskaya ahead by 0.28 after the short program ( the panel chosen by the computer had Cohen in front by 0.03 ) .
Judges 4 , 5 , and 9 were excluded by the computer .
Free Skate : About 27 % of the possible 220 panels would have placed Slutskaya ahead of Cohen , but the consensus of all 12 judges would have had Cohen ahead of Slutskaya by 0.91 ( instead of the actual margin of 1.89 ) .
Judges 3 , 9 , and 12 were excluded by the computer .
Final Standings :
The 12 judges had Cohen in front of Slutskaya , by a margin of 0.63 points , so the medal standings are secure .
A rough normal approximation indicates that about 30 % of the panels of judges would have awarded Slutskaya the silver medal over Cohen .
The exact figure : 16,295 of 48,400 combinations of panels would have awarded the silver to Slutskaya , just over 33 % ( and 132 possible panels would have created a tie between Slutskaya and Cohen ) .
If you are wondering why this number is not the same as 0.58 times 0.27 ( see the figures above ) , you have discovered a great question for a classroom of introductory statistics students .
I 'll use it myself .
This is why I do what I do .
