DFLer Al Franken is up by 50 votes after the latest meeting of the State Canvassing Board to complete the recount in the U.S. Senate race .
MPR Photo / Tim Nelson
Al Franken has n't met with reporters for weeks , but following the Canvassing Board meeting Franken released a statement saying he 's glad to be ahead , that it appears he's on track to win , and that he 's ready to go to work in Washington .
Franken recount attorney Marc Elias did speak with reporters .
" We 're absolutely thrilled with where we stand , " said Elias .
" We began this process many weeks ago .
We were done on election night .
We gained votes in the canvass , and then we began the recount saying we would take things one step at a time .
And now with everything except for the absentee ballots , we are leading by 50 votes . "
Marc Elias , lead attorney for the Franken campaign , said he is confident that Franken will be declared the winner .
MPR Photo / Tom Scheck
Democratic Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid shares the Franken campaign 's optimism .
A statement issued by Reid 's office yesterday said it appears Franken will win .
Not surprisingly , the Coleman campaign has much different take on where things stand .
Following the Canvassing Board meeting , Coleman attorney Tony Trimble reminded reporters the Coleman campaign still thinks upwards of 100 ballots were counted twice .
Given that position , Trimble strongly suggested that a Coleman election court challenge is in the offing .
" We 're faced with an artificial Franken lead of double digits is all , " said Trimble .
" There are 100 double - counted ballots -- actually 110 -- that will wipe out that lead and keep Coleman justifiably in front , and that 's where we stand today . "
Attorney Tony Trimble represents Sen. Norm Coleman 's campaign .
MPR Photo / Elizabeth Stawicki
Regardless of what the Coleman campaign decides regarding a court challenge , the work of the initial ballot counting and challenging is over .
The focus now is on which wrongly rejected absentee ballots should be included in the recount .
Local election officials from around Minnesota have come up with nearly 1,350 absentee ballots they believe were wrongly kept out of the initial count .
The Minnesota Supreme Court has ordered that only the ones that both campaigns also agree were improperly excluded can be counted .
Local officials kicked off a series of meetings all over Minnesota today , for campaign officials to either accept or reject ballots those local officials determined should have been counted .
The Secretary of State 's office says only the pool of about 1,350 rejected absentees can be considered by the two campaigns , because both failed to meet a Monday afternoon deadline to agree to add more ballots .
" Mr. Gelbmann , as the deputy administering this at this point , has gone to join himself at the hip with the Franken campaign . "
Still , the Coleman campaign has demanded that upwards of 650 rejected absentees be added to the review pile .
Deputy Secretary of State Jim Gelbmann told the Canvassing Board there were problems as the review process got underway , because in some cases the Coleman campaign was insisting new ballots be added .
" Things are not going as smoothly as we hoped , " said Gelbmann .
" We will continue work with the local officials and the candidates , to try and iron out some of these disagreements . "
The sorting process breezed along in some sites and was choppy in a few others .
Sherburne County officials ran through its 18 ballots and the campaigns allowed 15 to move ahead for counting .
Beltrami , Scott and Carver counties also made headway .
In Anoka County , the review never got started because the two campaigns could n't agree on the universe of ballots to consider .
Coleman 's camp pressed for a bigger pool and Franken 's representatives would n't go beyond the 35 ballots officials previously identified as being eligible for counting .
" It 's up to the campaigns .
There 's nothing we can do , " said the county 's elections manager , Rachel Smith .
She said they could try again Wednesday when the process becomes clearer .
Trimble said the Coleman campaign was troubled by inconsistencies from county to county .
" We 're seeing the entire process becoming chaotic and questionable , " he said during a midday conference call with reporters .
In cases where one side objects , the ballot is set aside and a voter can petition the Supreme Court to allow the ballot to count .
In St. Louis County , Coleman 's campaign challenged the inclusion of dozens of the 161 ballots that the county determined were improperly rejected .
One of the Coleman challenges belonged to Duluth resident Mary Bell .
She told the Duluth News Tribune that her husband served as her witness on the absentee ballot but put a date on the outside of the envelope that did n't match hers .
" He 's in the doghouse now , " Bell said with a laugh .
" But it does make me angry that my vote might not get counted because of this , that they are trying to stop it from being counted . "
She would n't say who got her Senate vote .
That 's a common mystery with these ballots because they remain sealed .
Coleman attorney Tony Trimble insists the rules do not prevent him from adding ballots at this stage .
Trimble accused the Secretary of State 's office of siding with Franken on the issue .
" The Secretary of State and Mr. Gelbmann , as the deputy administering this at this point , has gone to join himself at the hip with the Franken campaign , " said Trimble .
Secretary of State Mark Ritchie was emphatic that the rules are clear , and that because the two campaigns did not come to agreement to add ballots by yesterday afternoon , only those identified as wrongly rejected by local officials can be considered .
" It is not that complicated of a rule , " said Ritchie .
" It is under the order of the Supreme Court of Minnesota , and it's a very straightforward thing to read and interpret . "
Despite those problems agreeing on absentee ballots , Ritchie said he 's confident the work will continue on schedule , and that his office will have the ballots that both sides think should be opened and counted by this Friday 's deadline .
Ritchie says his office is planning to count the ballots on Saturday .
The Canvassing Board will then reconvene Monday afternoon to begin reviewing any absentee ballot challenges .
Ritchie says the board could finish its work as soon as Monday , depending on how many challenges it will have to review .
While the Canvassing Board will sign a certificate noting which candidate got the most votes , it does not constitute an official certificate of election .
That must come from Gov. Tim Pawlenty , a Republican , with a countersignature from Secretary of State Mark Ritchie , a Democrat .
State law appears to prevent one from being issued if the election winds up in court within a week of the Canvassing Board 's action .
Two 17 - year - old teenage robbers were caught in disturbing video surveillance footage showing the town robbing a customer of a Baltimore Chinese food carryout restaurant as two girls leaned casually against the wall laughing at the incident .
In the video clip , obtained exclusively by The Examiner , the two robbers burst into the store , sticking guns to a customer ’s head , and two girls , without fear , laughed during the holdup before the 46 - year - old man was shot .
Prosecutors of the case are reportedly outraged as well as judges and even Baltimore ’s mayor .
The two teen robbers have been charged as adults , but the rest including the two ‘ laughing ’ girls will probably not be charged .
In even more shocking news , the detectives stated that shopkeepers continued taking orders and serving customers while the man bled on their floor , refusing him shelter behind the counter .
Almost 500 people have signed up on Facebook to attend the protest at Sydney 's Town Hall , while more than 1000 will picket at Melbourne 's State Library .
Thousands more are listed as " maybe attending " .
Live trials of the controversial internet filters , which will block " illegal " content for all Australian internet users and " inappropriate " adult content on an opt - in basis , are slated to begin by Christmas , despite harsh opposition from the Greens , Opposition , the internet industry , some child welfare advocates , consumers and online rights groups .
Even NSW Young Labor has abandoned the Government 's filtering plans , passing a motion last week rejecting the mandatory scheme and calling on Senator Conroy to adopt a voluntary opt - in system .
Ed Coper , campaigns director at GetUp , said the response to the anti-censorship campaign had been " astronomical " and " quite unprecedented " .
Almost 80,000 people have signed GetUp 's petition and the organisation has created a widget that website owners can embed on their sites , which allows their visitors to sign the petition and obtain more information about the filtering plans .
Mr Coper said GetUp 's advertising blitz would begin next week , with the number of ads determined by how much money is raised .
" We 're thinking about putting it [ the ad ] on high profile news websites but also on the websites that are trafficked by the more engaged internet users - the technological websites that the regular internet users visit a lot , " he said .
Despite having yet to prove the viability of its filtering plan , the Government will by the end of the year shut down the existing NetAlert scheme , which was set up by the previous government and provides free software filters to all Australian families .
These are different to the filters proposed by Senator Conroy , which are mandatory and block sites from the ISP end .
In 1999 , Foreign Minister Stephen Smith , then the Opposition communications spokesman , told Parliament that ISP filters were " largely ineffective " , citing CSIRO research that found software filters were better because they were voluntary and the level of blocking could be customised by users .
Newer tests released by the Australian Communications and Media Authority in June found available ISP filters frequently let through content that should be blocked , incorrectly blocked harmless content and slowed down network speeds by up to 87 per cent .
Moreover , none of the filters will be capable of filtering non-web applications such as peer - to - peer file sharing programs .
And the filters can easily be evaded by those set on accessing child pornography , using freely available tools .
During Senate question time this week , Senator Conroy refused to say how many customers an ISP would need to enlist for a trial to be credible or whether the results would be independently examined and verified .
He justified the closure of NetAlert by saying it was a " monumental failure of a policy " because the free voluntary filters had attracted " extraordinarily small usage " .
Anti-filtering advocates have seized on those comments as a sign that there is little demand for internet filters in the first place .
Mactracker provides detailed information on every Apple Macintosh , iPod , iPhone , and iPad ever made , including items such as processor speed , memory , graphic cards , supported OS versions , price , storage , and expansion options .
Also included is information on early Apple systems , Newton , Apple TV , Apple Watch , Apple accessories , displays , printers , scanners , storage , Wi-Fi products , and operating systems .
Mac
iOS
2 ) If you can't help but stay at a behemoth , order room service whenever possible .
This minimizes your exposure to restaurants located off the lobby .
Obviously , the lobby is the most dangerous place in a hotel ; it is akin to the security lines at American airports , which are prime targets for suicide bombers precisely because they 're entirely insecure .
3 ) Ask for a room on the 4th , 5th or 6th floors , unless you 're reasonably sure the fire department in the city you 're visiting does n't have ladders that reach up to six .
I try to be high enough to escape whatever chaos might occur on the ground floor , but not so high that I can't be reached .
I 'm always of two or three minds on this question ; it 's also not a bad idea to stay on a floor close enough to the ground that a jump will leave you with broken legs and nothing more .
4 ) Make two plans the moment you set foot in your room .
Figure out how you 're going to escape , and figure out , alternatively , how you 're going to survive a siege .
If escape is n't an option - say , you believe that men are roaming the floors with automatic weapons - try to figure out what you 're going to use to fortify your room .
In certain parts of the world - well , two - I 'll barricade myself in my room at night , using a desk or dresser .
This is dangerous , of course , in the event of fire .
But I measure the risk .
In dodgy places , fill your bathtub , if you have one , with water ; it will come in handy if you can't leave ( and , of course , if there 's fire outside your door ) .
Always travel with a flashlight , utility knife ( they 're easy to sneak past TSA ) , matches , and a few energy bars .
Know where your shoes are , as well as your passport and money , just in case you have to get out in the dark .
Also , identify a lamp or other piece of furniture that could be used as a weapon of last resort .
5 ) Set up tell - tales in your room before you leave for the day ; I use a discreetly - placed length of dental floss to make sure no one 's tampering with my laptop .
It 's always good to know if somebody 's been poking around your stuff .
6 ) Stay in hotels that have already been bombed or otherwise attacked .
Mumbai is a fairly safe place for travelers right now .
And visiting India soon sends a message that civilization cannot be defeated by terror .
But that 's another subject .
If you have other tips , please send them my way and I 'll post them .
Republican opposition killed a $ 14 - billion auto industry bailout plan in the Senate on Thursday night , putting the future of U.S. automakers in doubt and threatening to deliver another blow to the economy .
The measure died after a last - ditch effort by Senate Democratic leaders to strike a compromise that would have lured enough support to save the legislation , which was crafted in consultation with the White House .
The bill ’s failure raises the possibility of bankruptcy by one or more of Detroit ’s Big Three and puts new pressure on President Bush to authorize emergency loans for the automakers from the $ 700 - billion Wall Street rescue fund , a step he has adamantly refused to take .
The collapse of General Motors , Chrysler or Ford -- along with many of their suppliers and dealers -- could throw hundreds of thousands more workers onto the growing unemployment rolls and further cloud the closing days of the Bush administration .
Advertisement
“ We will leave here tonight to go home for the holiday recesses , but for the literally hundreds of thousands of people whose jobs depend on this industry , this will not be a joyous season , wondering whether or not their jobs , their livelihoods , their homes , their children ’s futures are at risk , ” said Senate Banking Committee Chairman Christopher J. Dodd ( D - Conn . ) .
White House spokesman Tony Fratto said the Bush administration was disappointed by the bill ’s failure and left the door open to the president taking action to provide funding .
“ We think the legislation we negotiated provided an opportunity to use funds already appropriated for automakers , and presented the best chance to avoid a disorderly bankruptcy while ensuring taxpayer funds only go to firms whose stakeholders were prepared to make difficult decisions to become viable , ” Fratto said .
“ We will evaluate our options in light of the breakdown in Congress . ”
After the vote , GM issued a statement saying it was “ deeply disappointed ” that a deal could not be reached .
“ We will assess all of our options to continue our restructuring and to obtain the means to weather the current economic crisis , ” spokesman Tony Cervone said .
Advertisement
Chrysler said in a statement that it was “ obviously disappointed in what transpired in the Senate and will continue to pursue a workable solution to help ensure the future viability of the company . ”
Ford had no immediate comment .
The bill would have provided emergency loans to GM and Chrysler and pressured them to restructure under a new monitor , or “ car czar , ” appointed by the president .
The money would have been taken from an existing $ 25 - billion fund intended to help automakers retool their factories to make more fuel - efficient cars .
GM has said it needs $ 4 billion by the end of the month and $ 6 billion more by March 31 , implying it would have to file for bankruptcy protection without the money .
Chrysler has said it needs $ 4 billion by March 31 , with the same implications .
Ford has said it does not need loans immediately but supports the aid to its competitors because they share a supplier network .
Advertisement
Shares of GM and Ford fell about 10 % on Thursday as prospects for the bill looked dim .
Chrysler is privately held .
Compromise talks in the Senate were led by Dodd and Sen. Bob Corker ( R - Tenn . ) and involved representatives of the companies and the United Auto Workers union .
But attempts to craft a deal fell apart after Democrats would not agree to force the union to accept wages on par with U.S. employees of foreign automakers by a specific date .
In opposing that proposal , the UAW said it was prepared to do its part in the restructuring but not prepared to be treated unfairly .
“ Unfortunately , Senate Republicans insisted that workers and retirees be singled out and treated differently from all other stakeholders , ” said Alan Reuther , UAW legislative director .
“ This is what ultimately led to the breakdown of the negotiations . ”
Advertisement
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) said he feared the effect on the stock markets today .
“ It ’s not going to be pretty , ” he said .
“ Millions of Americans , not only the autoworkers but people who sell cars , car dealerships , people who work on cars , are going to be directly impacted and affected . ”
Senate Democrats could n’t bring the measure up for a vote without the support of at least 10 Republicans .
Ultimately , they were seven votes short .
A group of conservative Republican senators strongly opposed any bailout , preferring that automakers restructure through Bankruptcy Court .
The White House and Democrats fear such a development could scare consumers away from American cars and cause the collapse of the companies .
Advertisement
Bush personally lobbied recalcitrant Senate Republicans after Vice President Dick Cheney failed to round up support Wednesday during a contentious two - hour meeting .
“ If we do n’t do this , we will be known as the party of Herbert Hoover forever , ” Cheney told them , according to a Senate Republican aide , evoking the president whose inaction is widely blamed for helping trigger the Great Depression in the early 1930s .
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R - Ky. ) , who has 50,000 auto - related jobs in his state , said nearly all the Republicans opposed the bill “ because we thought it frankly would n’t work . ”
News reports surfaced late Thursday that GM had retained outside counsel and bankers to help it weigh a bankruptcy filing .
Cervone said the company had already sought guidance on that issue , and Chief Executive Rick Wagoner had acknowledged as much in congressional testimony several weeks ago .
Advertisement
Reid and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - San Francisco ) had pushed the White House to use money from the $ 700 - billion Troubled Asset Relief Program .
Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson has said that the automakers were ineligible because the money was designated for financial institutions only .
Gene L. Dodaro , the nation ’s acting comptroller general , testified last week that the president could use the TARP money for loans to the automakers .
And President - elect Barack Obama could authorize money from the fund when he takes office Jan. 20 -- if GM and Chrysler could hold out that long .
Another option is for the Senate to try again to pass the legislation when the newly elected Congress convenes Jan .
6 . There will be at least seven new Democratic senators at that point .
--
Advertisement
Times staff writer Ken Bensinger contributed to this report .
jim.puzzanghera@latimes.com
For those who like to rough it once in a while , you will know the valuable uses of a powerful flashlight compared to the regular ones .
Regular flashlights are made just for general use and are powerless compared to tactical flashlights .
Most people would be happy with just a general flashlight when you are in a situation when you need light , but since you are reading this , I can assume that you need a certain flashlight that can withstand a beating , and do its job successfully .
So whether you need a pistol light or better yet , a shotgun light or maybe you need a flashlight that has a long throw beam , you require the right flashlight that can do the job for your needs .
My chart of flashlights below and my personal opinion that follows will help you pick out the right light for you and your needs .
We all have a different opinion on what makes a suitable flashlight , and we all have different uses for them .
These flashlights are a compilation of some of my favorite flashlights .
Lights that I think will be must haves to those in need of them .
But always think of your needs to help you pick the tactical flashlight for you .
🔦 Comparison of the 10 Best Tactical Flashlights
* Could Not Find The Exact Amount of Lumens For This Model .
Included in the chart are the following labels :
Title / Brand of Flashlight & A Picture
Lumens –
The maximum amount of lumens the flashlight can produce at its highest setting
Weight –
The weight of the light with batteries
Length –
The length of the light in Inches
Bulb Type
Battery Type
Obviously these are just 15 out of thousands of tact .
flashlights on the market place .
There are many variances of searchlights that can be used to suit different needs .
Along with that , there is a huge range of prices for these tools .
The price , uses , and other specifications of the lights should be used to determine which one is the best flashlight for you .
Top 5 Best Tactical Flashlight 2020 Reviews
I like all of the flashlights in my chart , and I would suggest them to any of my friends , but some of them I like just a little bit more than the others .
Although I would love all of these and would definitely prefer them over any regular flashlight , but some of them are just extra special .
Below you will find my top 5 picks for the best tactical flashlight with features and a detailed review of each .
So lets jump into our my tact .
flashlight reviews !
The Streamlight HL Tact .
Flashlight is one of those things that makes you question what you ever did without it .
It is a pretty average sized , not too big that it ’s annoying as a EDC flashlight , and not too small that you may misplace it .
With it being 5.6 ounces with batteries , and 5.40 ″ inches in length .
It is big enough that it will fit comfortably in your hand or bag .
It also wo n’t weigh you down too much .
This is a one of a kind light , it honestly can be used for any purpose .
It can easily be programmable so when you need a little light to take your dog outside or find something you dropped you do n’t have to fumble around with too many buttons .
The Streamlight HL Tactical Flashlight is non rechargeable and comes with 3 different modes , high , low , and strobe .
While on the high setting the HL can produce 750 lumens for an estimated 1.25 hours and on low it produces 35 lumens at an estimated 18 hours .
This is probably one of the brightest tactical flashlights that I have ever used .
Streamlight has been around for over 40 years and is known for their excellent customer service and great range of products .
I have used many of Streamlight ’s products and I have never had a product that I was n’t completely satisfied with .
Another great option for those needing to add a survival light to their gear for extreme outdoor activities is Sure Fire ’s E2D Tactical Flashlight .
This flashlight is rather small with it being only 5.6 inches in length and 4.2 ounces .
Although it is a small light it still gets the job done .
This light has a maximum output of 500 lumens with a great beam distance .
E2D can be used for hiking or camping when you are in - need of a lighten up path or camp area .
One of the best tactical flashlight for self defense as shining this light in a muggers eyes has been proven to temporary blind a suspect .
It runs on CR123A batteries .
The biggest advantage this flashlight due to it being made of anodized aluminum is its durability .
It can take a beating !
This is why i say it would be great for someone who enjoys extreme outdoor activities .
I myself have dropped my E2D hundreds of times on concrete and on rocky trails and it still works perfectly !
I have heard of many of our own military forces buying these lights from their own pocket to use as a backup for their weapon mounted light because they know it will help them .
SureFire has been around for a fair amount of time , and they are some of the best .
They make products directed at both military / law enforcer and for extreme civilians alike .
Their business has been aimed at both great applicable products and durable products , which I feel they have accomplished .
One of my top favorite and affordable tactical flashlight .
This in my opinion is one of the best most memorable flashlights I have owned .
Specs wise this is n’t the greatest light , but still very good at 175 lumen on a max setting and a beam distance of 689 feet .
Moderately sized at 8 ounces with batteries and 6.3 inches in length .
This flashlight runs on four AAA batteries which are included .
The reason I included this on my list and why I considered it one of my most memorable flashlights is really based around the price .
This was my first tact .
flashlight and it is a great beginner and expert light .
The battery life can be a little weak as it averages at about 3.5 hours and near full lumens .
If you are a beginner or just need a cheap all purpose light , I would suggest this one .
If you already own a higher end tact .
flashlight I would suggest this as a cheap backup or you could keep it in your car .
Not the brightest tactical flashlight but it is very cheap so go pick it up !
LED Lenser is a tactical light company that was formed in 1993 .
They now have hundreds of patents and are a great provider of LED flashlights .
I have been trying to spread out the uses of each flashlight in my top 5 .
FourSevens QP2A flashlight brings something thing new to the table .
This flashlight is one of the smallest but still powerful lights that I have ever seen .
The weight of this light is only 2.2 ounces and it is only 5.8 inches long !
That weight is crazy !
But do n’t worry , the weight does n’t cause a sacrifice in specs .
This flashlight runs on two aa batteries .
This light has a maximum lumens output of 280 , and a low of 0.3 in a special “ Moonlight ” setting .
The Foursevens QP2A has 8 different special settings including an “ SOS ” medal , and “ Beacon ” .
This would be perfect for anyone that wants to keep their flashlight in their pocket or even in a backpack .
This flashlight is great for anyone that needs a powerful enough light .
Instead of wanting to carry around something that is extremely bulking and heavy .
FourSeven is a relatively new lighting company , founded in 2008 .
They are trying to rejuvenate the flashlight industry by creating new products that will revolutionize the industry .
For my last of the five lights I have chosen the Streamlight Stinger .
One of the top five tactical flashlights on the market .
The stinger is one of the bigger models that I have ever used before .
It is not for those who need a smaller ergonomic searchlight .
This monster weighs in at 13.6 ounces and is 10.9 inches in length .
This flashlight has a great maximum lumen output of 350 .
Perfect tool for law enforcement officers .
This thing is bright !
Made from aircraft grade aluminum hence very durable in case it needs to be used to defend yourself .
Because this flashlight is rechargeable you do n’t have to worry about finding double or triple A batteries .
I have gone five years with this bad boy without having to replace a battery , and it is still working great !
What is a Tactical Flashlight ?
A tactical flashlight is an essential piece of equipment for any outdoor enthusiast .
These are n’t just any regular flashlights , these are made specifically for outdoors use .
And for tactical lights made specifically for firearms .
Each flashlight is designed to produce a certain level or amount of which lumens .
Lumens are units that are used to measure how much total light is produced .
Obviously the higher the level of lumens , the brighter the light will be .
So for these flashlights a higher lumen level is great because the light is brighter and you will be able to see more .
So if you are in a remote or wooded area you would definitely want to note the lumen level .
Along with lumens , you want to note the flashlight ’s beam distance .
Beam distance , as it sounds is the length of the beam of light from the flashlight .
So , be sure to take both of these into account before buying the tactical flashlight for you .
Finding the Best Tactical Flashlight for Your Needs
As I mentioned in the previous section , there are quite a few of things you should be aware of before buying a higher end flashlight .
Obviously the lumens and beam distance matter a ton , but what are some other factors ?
Weight and length are big factors also .
Weight and length can be classified as mainly comfort factors but if you are in - need of a searchlight that can take a beating and can be used as a makeshift hammer such as the Maglite S4D016 than weight and length of the flashlight can play a huge role .
So really think about your needs for the flashlight , if your light is just going to be kept in your house in case of a power outage , than length and weight do n’t matter as much as if you needed to keep it in your backpack .
At the beginning of this article you will see a list of 15 of my favorite flashlights .
Which I have tried to spread out the uses of each torch to give everyone some good tips .
If you are serious in buying an advanced flashlight you should look at my chart above to get some ideas for lights !
Are tactical flashlights useful for self defense or is that just a marketing term ?
Video | Tactical Tip : Using Flashlight for Self Defense
Time For You To Choose
I have listed my picks for the tactical flashlights , and now it is your turn .
It ’s up to you to pick out a flashlight that has the right lumen rate and beam distance .
According to your requirements , along with a reasonable price .
Be sure to check what type of batteries your new flashlight will run on as some flashlights run on a few AAA batteries , others on a AA battery or two , and the higher end flashlights on 18650 rechargeable batteries and then there ’s the medical penlights / penlights .
Nirav here , I hope you liked my comparison chart & buying guide for the top tactical flashlights for 2020 !
New lights are being created all the time , so I will regularly be updating my chart and my top 5 .
If you think I have missed an excellent one , then feel free to contact me !
BAGHDAD , Iraq ( CNN ) --
The Iraqi Cabinet on Sunday approved a security pact that would set the terms for U.S. troops in Iraq .
Members of the Iraqi Cabinet vote on the security agreement Sunday in Baghdad .
The agreement sets June 30 , 2009 , as the deadline for U.S. troops to withdraw from all Iraqi cities and towns , Iraqi government spokesman Ali al - Dabbagh said .
The date for all troops to leave Iraq will be December 31 , 2011 , he said .
These dates are " set and fixed " and are " not subject to the circumstances on the ground , " he said .
Twenty - seven of the 40 Cabinet members in attendance voted in favor of the agreement , said Iraqi Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari .
One minister abstained .
The Cabinet consists of the prime minister , two deputy prime ministers and 37 other ministers .
The approved draft will be sent to the Council of Representatives , Iraq 's 275 - seat parliament , where it will be put to another vote .
" There is great optimism that they will pass it , " said Industry Minister Fawzi Hariri .
Al - Dabbagh said the parliament speaker and his deputies will decide when the parliament will vote on the agreement .
He said there were " positive attitudes " when the major political blocs met to discuss the draft plan on Saturday .
Under the Iraqi constitution , parliamentary approval is required for measures such as this agreement to take effect .
Al - Dabbagh told CNN it appeared that " most of the political parties had approved and agreed on the final draft .
...
It is a good agreement that fulfills both Iraqi and U.S. interests and respects the sovereignty of Iraq . "
Zebari said the parliament will reach a decision before it takes a 15 - day recess on November 25 .
In Washington , a spokesman for the National Security Council described the agreement as " an important and positive step . "
" While the process is not yet complete , we remain hopeful and confident we 'll soon have an agreement that serves both the people of Iraq and the United States well , and sends a signal to the region and the world that both our governments are committed to a stable , secure and democratic Iraq , " said Gordon Johndroe .
" While there is still much work to be done , U.S. forces continue to return home and there will be 14 Brigade Combat Teams at the end of this year , down from 20 at the height of the surge , " he added .
Earlier , Sami al - Askari , an adviser to the Iraqi prime minister , said the draft included changes that made it " satisfactory " for the Iraqis .
For months , the United States and Iraq have been negotiating a proposed status of forces agreement .
It would set the terms for U.S. troops in Iraq after the U.N. mandate on their presence expires at the end of this year .
Many Iraqi officials say they will oppose any deal that hints at compromising the country 's sovereignty .
Iraqi cleric Grand Ayatollah Ali al - Sistani said in a statement on his official Web site last week that he will " forbid any stance that targets the sovereignty of Iraq no matter how small it is . "
In late October , Iraqi officials submitted several amendments to the draft plan to U.S. negotiators in Baghdad .
Zebari said at the time that the proposed changes called for a fixed timetable for U.S. troop withdrawal ; a specific number of sites and locations that would be used by the U.S. military ; and Iraqi jurisdiction over U.S. forces who commit certain crimes in Iraq .
Al - Dabbagh said the Cabinet on Sunday also approved a " draft framework " agreement between the U.S. and Iraq .
This agreement " establishes the principles of cooperation and friendship in the political , diplomatic , educational , health and environmental fields in addition to economic , energy , information technology , communication fields , " al - Dabbagh said .
CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh , Thomas Evans and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .
All About Iraq
President Obama 's official Web site goes live Agence France - Presse
Published : Thursday November 6 , 2008
Print This Email This WASHINGTON ( AFP ) -
The official website of US President - elect Barack Obama for his transition to the White House , www.change.gov, went online on Thursday inviting users to offer their ideas for the future of the country .
Under the headline of " Open Government , " the website asks readers to " Share Your Vision " via email .
" The story of the campaign and this historic moment has been your story , " the website states .
" Share your story and your ideas , and be part of bringing positive lasting change to this country . "
The website 's homepage notes that it 's " 75 days until inauguration , " when Obama is to be sworn in as president on January 20 , 2009 .
It also features a quote from Obama : " Today we begin in earnest the work of making sure that the world we leave our children is just a little bit better than the one we inhabit today . "
A blog posting includes a link to a YouTube video of Obama 's victory speech in Chicago on Tuesday .
Users can also apply for jobs via the website or read about the president - elect 's agenda and priorities for his administration .
Unter der Nummer 7,457,767 hat IBM vom US - Patentamt ein Patent für die Aufteilung einer Restaurantrechnung bekommen .
Die Behörde hatte über acht Jahre lang darüber nachgedacht , ob das Verfahren wirklich patentwürdig sei .
Zwar gibt es bereits seit 1999 ein ebenfalls patentiertes Verfahren zum Bezahlen des Verzehrten per Kreditkarte .
Diese Technik erlaube es jedoch nicht , so IBM , die Rechnung auf mehrere Zahler aufzuteilen .
Diese Aufgabe beschäftigte in den USA in der Vergangenheit bereits Physiker und Spieltheoretiker .
Das dort übliche nachträgliche Aufschlagen der Mehrwertsteuer ( " sales tax " ) sowie das nahezu obligatorische Trinkgeld von mindestens 15 Prozent erschweren die Aufgabe zusätzlich .
Im Jahr 2006 hatte IBM öffentlichkeitwirksam neue Regeln für eigene Patente beschlossen .
Unter anderem sollen demzufolge " Geschäftsverfahren " nicht patentierbar sein . ( ck )
Claim : Red cars are ticketed for speeding more often than vehicles of other colors .
FALSE
Example : [ Collected via e-mail , 2004 ]
After recently buying a red car I have been advised by many people , each with the voice of authority , that police are known to stop red cars more often than those of any other color .
This has a distinct ring of Urban Legend to my ears , but I thought I ’d ask whether you folks know about it .
Origins :
The belief that red cars attract more speeding tickets than do their less rosily - hued counterparts is a cherished motoring factoid of long standing .
By its lights , the gendarmes are more likely to sit up and take notice of speeding red cars than they are vehicles of other colors , hence the higher incidence of moving violation citations
accumulated by owners of red cars .
Explanations abound as to why red cars would attract more speeding citations than is their statistical fair share .
It has been postulated that red , being an especially eye - catching color , unduly attracts the attention of the highway patrol , therefore even when every car on the road is whipping past at 20 mph over the speed limit , it ’s the rubicund chariots that suddenly discover flashing lights in their rearview mirrors .
Another theory has it that a color - prompted optical illusion makes red cars appear to be going faster than they actually are and so works to get them clocked more often by John Law .
Color - influenced driver behavior has also been suggested , with the rubious shade of such vehicles working to increase their drivers ’ breathing and heart rates , which in turn incites those behind the wheel to drive faster without their consciously being aware of having made that decision .
Another line of reasoning ties assumptions made about sports cars ( that people who own them tend to drive fast ) to red ’s being one of the most popular colors for such vehicles — if sports cars are ticketed more often , and more sports cars tend to be red , then red cars would earn proportionally more speeding tickets than would vehicles of other
colors .
They ’re great theories , one and all .
Problem is , their premise is flawed as it does not appear that red cars get cited for speeding more often than they statistically should .
Whenever they ’ve been asked about the rumor , police across the U.S. have consistently denied any connection between vehicle color and tickets issued or the allegation that they write up the drivers of red cars more often than they do other motorists .
Said Sgt. Thornnie Rouse , a trooper with the Maryland State Police for more than 20 years : “ You do n’t care about the car ’s color , you care about the violation .
If a red car and a green car drive past you and the green car is going 30 mph over the speed limit , the driver of the green car is the one who is going to get stopped . ”
Similarly , Sgt. Thomas Miller of Clearwater , Florida ’s traffic enforcement unit said , “ It ’s not the color of the car that matters , it ’s how fast it ’s going . ”
Likewise , a California Highway Patrol officer we asked about this rumor asserted it ’s drivers doing something different or unusual that catch the eyes of highway patrolmen , regardless of the color of their vehicles .
But of course such statements are n’t in and of themselves disproof of anything , because police might well not recognize their own bias when it comes to which vehicles they choose to pursue .
Yet what those in law enforcement have had to say on this topic over the years finds support in the one and only study ( informal or otherwise ) we could locate about correlation of car color to speeding tickets .
In an attempt to prove or disprove the belief , in 1990 a reporter for the St. Petersburg Times conducted his own smallish survey of which color of cars were getting the most speeding tickets in his area .
He first staked out four intersections in the two counties he was studying and made a tally by color of vehicle of the 1,198 cars that went through them .
He then leafed through the most recent 924 speeding citations issued in those two counties to arrive at a count of how many had been issued to each color of car .
Last , he compared the two results to see if the resultant percentages closely approximated one another or were badly out of sync .
His findings challenged the belief about red cars being dunned with proportionally more of the speeding tickets .
Red cars accounted for 14 percent of the local vehicle population and about 16 percent of the citations for speeding , which is not a significant difference .
Surprisingly , his informal study did reveal certain statistically significant differences , but they had to do with other colors of vehicle .
White cars , which accounted for 25 percent of the local vehicle population , received only 19 percent of the tickets , which meant such jalopies were cited for their transgressions less often than they should have been .
This raises a new hypothesis : Rather than red attracting the unwelcome attentions of the highway patrol , perhaps instead it is the case that police tend not to notice white vehicles that are breaking the law .
Gray cars were the ones that gained a greater share of the speeding tickets than they statistically should have : while they accounted for only 6 percent of cars on the road , they pulled down 10 percent of the tickets issued .
On the flip side , silver cars got only 5 percent of the tickets , yet they represented 10 percent of the car population .
In addition to the “ earn more speeding tickets than they should ” theory , other mistaken beliefs attach to red cars :
They are widely thought to be stolen more often or be involved in a greater number of accidents :
[ Collected via e-mail , 2005 ] I continuously hear the rumor that statistics “ prove ” that red cars are stolen more than any other color , even to the extent that insurance companies are wary with red cars , due to the increased theft factor .
Red car owners thus have higher rates .
The idea is that the color red attracts car thieves , I guess like hummingbirds .
Those in the automobile insurance business deny they ’re charging more to insure red cars than comparable vehicles of other colors , and this would not be the case if red cars were more likely to be stolen or involved in accidents .
Regarding the belief that a vehicle ’s color drives up its insurance premiums , says Jeanne Salvatore , vice president for consumer affairs for the Insurance Information Institute in New York City : “ It ’s not the color , it ’s your driving record . ”
She ’s never heard of any insurance company charging more for red cars .
However , rates are often higher for sports cars of any color , as they are more expensive to buy and repair and are stolen more often .
The belief that red cars get ticketed more frequently for speeding has led to the development of an urban legend about police officers adapting the billiards game of snooker to their work :
[ Healey & Glanvill , 1996 ]
A friend of a friend was determined to find a career where he could serve the public , be a useful member of society and make something of himself .
But he joined the police force instead .
Breezing through the basic training , he quickly found himself ‘ partnered ’ with an old hand on traffic control .
They had a cracking Range Rover jam sandwich to cruise around in and the new rozzer was thoroughly enjoying the work .
There was only one problem – his partner .
He naturally respected his senior ’s experience , but some of his operational decisions were questionable , to say the least .
One day they were peacefully poised on a ramp by the motorway hard shoulder when the rookie spotted a flagrant abuse of Her Majesty ’s speed regulations .
He eagerly pointed out the culprit .
The older man simply looked up , screwed his eyes , shrugged , and carried on reading his paper .
This happened four or five times before the older cop set off in hot pursuit and pulled an offender in a red car .
This chain of events recurred throughout their shift : the older man ignoring some offenders and booking others seemingly on a whim .
The lad initially kept his own counsel , but when his superior pulled yet another red car , he could take no more .
‘ Now l - look , ’ quavered the youngster , slamming down a Biro symbolically .
‘ Just what do you think you ’re blimming well playing at ? ’
‘ Snooker , ’ came the sharp reply .
‘ First you stop a red car , one point .
Then a black car – that ’s seven – and so on until after 15 reds we go on to the colours .
Every force in the country plays it . ’
And then , flicking shut the youngster ’s gawping mouth , he added : ‘ I got a maximum 147 break last week . ’
BBC News offered the following tongue - in - cheek advice to motorists looking to avoid being bagged in the non-existent game of highway snooker :
1 ) Do n’t drive red cars – because there are 15 reds on a snooker table , the reds are much more likely to get potted .
1 ) Do n’t drive red cars – because there are 15 reds on a snooker table , the reds are much more likely to get potted .
2 ) Similarly , do n’t drive black cars .
Although they may look sleek , stylish , moody and expensive , earning seven points makes them the top target .
3 ) It ’s probably not a good idea to drive pink cars either .
Not only are they high scorers , but the chances of looking sleek , stylish , moody or expensive are slim .
4 ) If you do n’t have a red car , you should still be wary .
Driving behind them could make you liable for a swift one - two , with you both being “ potted ” in swift succession .
5 ) In the rules of the game , yellow , green and brown should be fairly safe bets , as they are low scoring .
Getting a bad position after a red might give a playing officer no choice , though .
6 ) White cars are safest of all .
Police cars , being white , act as the cue ball in the game .
So if a white car is booked , it is tantamount to a foul and will count as four points away .
Luckily for all concerned , the BBC then redeemed itself by proffering this eminently sensible suggestion : “ Simplest of all , and surely the advice straight - faced coppers would give , is do n’t speed and you wo n’t be caught . ”
Barbara “ unsnookered ” Mikkelson
Sightings :
In an episode of the television comedy The Big Bang Theory ( “ The Euclid Alternative , ” original air date 20 October 2008 ) , Sheldon insists that he not be given a red car in the simulator provided to teach him driving skills , stating they get more speeding tickets .
Last updated : 12 June 2014
Sources :
Change.gov , the official website of President - Elect Obama , has reopened its online polling page , “ Open for Questions . ”
Of course we all know what happened the last time the incoming administration asked the public to decide what issue should be America ’s top priority .
And we ’re all well aware of Obama ’s less than favorable reply .
That said , the fact that the legalization of marijuana finished first out of over 7,000 questions polled generated significant media coverage , including features by Fox News ( watch the video here ) , Esquire , and The Hill .
So let ’s keep the media and the soon - to - be President ’s feet to the fire and continue to push the debate .
Currently , over 25,000 public policy questions have been submitted to Obama ’s website .
Dozens of these questions pertain to cannabis law reform .
Right now , the leading vote - getter among these ( with 2,000 votes ) is :
“ Why do you believe that marijuana should not be legalized ?
How is the prohibition of marijuana any different than the prohibition of alcohol ?
100,000 Americans die every year due to alcohol but none to marijuana . ”
Please take a moment and log onto the Change. gov site to voice your support for this question , and others pertaining to the need to end America ’s antiquated and punitive prohibition of marijuana .
( To vote for this and other popular marijuana law reform questions , click on the “ additional issues ” link or perform a word search using the term “ marijuana . ” )
The people spoke once before ; it ’s time we make our voices heard again !
“ Change we can believe in ? ” We shall see .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Although a staggering amount of money has been spent on research to conclusively prove the link between saturated fat , cholesterol and Coronary Heart Disease ( CHD ) , there exists a massive volume of scientific evidence published in peer - reviewed journals that completely absolves dietary cholesterol , saturated fat and elevated blood cholesterol of any harmful role in CHD .
Despite the fact that this research , contradicting the orthodox hypothesis , has been published in prestigious journals for decades , and despite the complete failure of the massive low - fat , anti-cholesterol campaign to lower the overall incidence of CHD , the cholesterol / saturated fat theory of CHD enjoys almost unanimous acceptance among health authorities .
And yet the amount of cholesterol formed by the liver is controlled according to the needs of the body .
If dietary cholesterol is increased , a healthy liver responds by making less cholesterol .
However , if the cholesterol in the diet is decreased , the liver makes more .
In this way the body regulates how much cholesterol is produced for its needs .
Yet at the drop of a hat , no few cardiologists will convince unsuspecting patients that because they have " high cholesterol " they should be subjected to an angiogram -- a very expensive and not completely safe procedure in which a catheter is injected into an artery in the groin and then pushed all the way up through the aorta into the region of the heart , where dye is injected into the blood so that an X - ray machine can see if there might be any blood flow blockages ( blockages that are caused by excessive homocysteine in the blood ) .
Evidence suggests that high levels of homocysteine in the blood promotes atherosclerosis ( fatty - cholesterol - plaque deposits in blood vessels ) by damaging the inner lining of arteries thereby causing plaque build up at various points inside arteries , often near the heart .
Fortunately , folic acid , in combination with vitamins B - 6 and B - 12 , helps break down homocysteine in the body , as shown in several studies .
Other studies show that low blood levels of folic acid are linked with a higher risk of fatal coronary heart disease and stroke .
=========================
The cholesterol  heart disease myth and why it is promulgated
All the clinical studies cited below are referenced here .
Already in 1936 , Kurt Lande and Walter Sperry concluded " After thorough and methodical post - mortem investigation in victims of heart attacks , it was clear that no relationship was evident .
It is concluded that the incidence and severity of atherosclerosis are not directly affected by the level of cholesterol in the blood serum .
( Archives of Pathology 1936 ; 22 )
In 1961 , researchers studied the levels of cholesterol and the degree of atherosclerosis seen at autopsy .
No correlation could be observed between the blood cholesterol levels and the amount or severity of atherosclerotic plaque within the arteries  cholesterol levels , whether high or low , had no impact on the growth of atherosclerotic plaque , the major cause of Coronary Artery Disease ( CAD ) .
( Mathur et al 1961 ; Circulation : 23 )
In 1962 autopsy studies by Polish researchers found that 2/3 of those who died from confirmed CAD , had serum cholesterol in normal to low ranges .
They could find no correlation between blood cholesterol content and the cholesterol content of arterial plaque .
( Marek et al 1962 ; American Heart Journal ) .
Subsequent autopsy studies from the USA and Gautemala confirmed these findings .
Utilising EBCT technology , researchers at the Beth Israel Medical Centre in New York set out to determine if increased cholesterol levels , specifically LDL cholesterol , led to plaque build up .
Looking at 182 individuals who may develop CAD , over 1 - 2 years of treatment with cholesterol lowering drugs , it was discovered that despite lower cholesterol levels there were ZERO differences in the development of atherosclerotic plaque .
The researchers concluded " with respect to LDL cholesterol - lowering , ' lower is better ' is not supported by changes in calcified plague progression . "
( American J. of Cardiology 2003 ; 92:3 )
Human atherosclerotic plaque has all the hallmarks of an inflammatory response to infection , and there is considerable evidence to support such an etiology .
For many years scientists have suspected that viruses and bacteria , in particular cytomegalovirus and Clamydia pneumonia participate in the development of artherosclerosis .
A protein secreted by the liver during infection , named C - reactive protein , is a much stronger risk factor for CHD than cholesterol .
Research within this area has exploded during the last decade , and by 2004 , at least 200 reviews of this issue have been published in medical journals .
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Flat - screen TVs , wedding rings , mini-quiches , gallon jugs of mayo — and , of course , free samples .
America ’s fourth - largest retailer , which opened its first warehouse store 25 years ago this fall , is booming .
Wall Street grumbles that Costco cares more about its customers and employees than its shareholders ; it pays workers an average of $ 17 an hour and covers 90 % of health - insurance costs for both full - timers and part - timers .
Yet revenues have grown by 70 % in the past five years , and its stock has doubled .
In typically blunt language , cofounder and CEO Jim Sinegal makes his case for why “ big box ” and “ progressive ” are n’t mutually exclusive .
advertisement
advertisement
You answer your own phone , you send your own faxes , you talk to customers and employees .
What motivates you to stay involved in the details of the business ?
Because I love it .
I ’ve been doing it all my life , and it ’s my style .
That does n’t mean it ’s the right style or the style that works for everybody , but it ’s my style .
You recently announced that August same - store sales were up 9 % , yet Wall Street analysts were unhappy because you had n’t met their expectations .
You know , that has nothing to do with reality .
Analysts put their own numbers on things , and we ca n’t help them there .
We think that 9 % in the state of this economy is pretty good .
Some of those analysts have argued that Costco ’s generosity to its workers hurts the company and its shareholders .
You have to recognize — and I do n’t mean this in an acrimonious sense — that the people in that business are trying to make money between now and next Thursday .
We ’re trying to build a company that ’s going to be here 50 and 60 years from now .
We owe that to the communities where we do business .
We owe that to our employees , that they can count on us for security .
We have 140,000 employees and their families ; that ’s a significant number of people who count on us .
We owe it to our suppliers .
Think about the people who produce products for us — you could probably multiply our family of employees by three or four times .
And we owe it to our customers to continue to offer good prices .
Our presence in a community makes pricing better throughout that community because when you have a tough competitor in the marketplace , prices come down .
advertisement
Could we talk about your competition for a minute ?
Would you be willing to play a little game for us ?
Costco is to Sam ’s Club as _____ is to _____ .
You ’re not going to get me to fall for that one .
Listen , Sam ’s is a very formidable competitor .
They ’re part of Wal - Mart .
That ’s the biggest corporation ever in the world in terms of sales volume , and continuing to grow .
They ’ve made significant improvements to their Sam ’s operation .
We watch them like a hawk .
Hardly a week goes by that I ’m not in a Sam’s .
Do you buy anything ?
I think I purchased one of their men ’s dress shirts one time , because I wanted to test it in comparison to ours .
But I do n’t buy anything for consumption .
And obviously yours was better .
That ’s the reason I ’m telling you the story [ laughs ] .
No , I mean , we feel it ’s better .
You know , you have to be careful not to delude yourself in what you ’re putting into a product .
The final analysis is , the customers vote at the checkout .
advertisement
What ’s the first thing you look for when you go into a Costco ?
I try to approach the visits from the standpoint of a customer .
Does the building have the right goods out ?
Is it well - stocked and clean and safe ?
Nothing is a bigger turnoff than poor housekeeping , most particularly in a place where you have food .
Also , when you have a sloppy building , I can guarantee you ’re going to have high shrinkage [ pilfering and shoplifting ] .
Sales on Costco ’s e-commerce site are expected to hit $ 1.6 billion this year , a 33 % increase over 2007 , and the average customer ticket is more than $ 400 .
What do you choose to put on the Web site as opposed to stocking in the regular warehouse ?
We ’ve generally tried to select items that are a little more unusual .
For example , we ’ve been offering floral arrangements for weddings .
It ’s a complete package :
The flowers for the tables and the flowers for the church and the flowers for the bridesmaids and boutonnieres for the men and the corsages for the ladies .
That seems unorthodox for a store like yours .
Where do those kinds of ideas come from ?
Certainly from our buyers , but they also come from our suppliers .
When somebody sees that you ’re willing to take a chance on coffins , odds are they ’ll come up with some other good ideas .
advertisement
Your coffin business is brisk ?
They do well .
They ’re generally special order .
I think we sell more of them online than we do in our warehouses .
Are certain locations really great for coffins ?
You mean like Florida [ laughs ] ?
No , no — the unfortunate thing is people pass on everywhere .
What ’s done well that has surprised you ?
Our Kirkland Signature wines .
I thought , in that category of goods , people would be reluctant to take a house brand .
advertisement
Kirkland Signature has become one of the most successful house brands out there .
There was so much pressure on prices going up , it created an umbrella for private labels to sneak in — and under — and to create significant savings .
But we made up our minds that if we were going to make a private label , we were n’t going to equivocate on the quality .
Customers shop with us for value .
They do n’t shop with us for cheap prices on cheap merchandise .
They expect us to deliver value on quality .
What ’s an area that did n’t work ?
You do n’t have enough space in your magazine to talk about all the things that we ’ve tried that did n’t work out .
Some time ago , we tried to get involved in the home - improvement business .
We were going to have paint .
There are places where you can get thousands of colors of paint .
We were going to have four , and three of those were going to be white [ laughs ] .
It ’s safe to say we underwhelmed the customer .
Do suppliers still balk at your policy of not marking products up more than 15 % ?
There will always be people who are going to be reluctant to sell to us .
They use a lot of different excuses , but when you cut through all the defecation , the fact is , they do n’t want to see our prices on their merchandise .
But most people have come around to say , “ Hey , this is a pretty good company to do business with .
They can sell a lot of our products . ”
We have high - end customers .
If anyone wants to purchase a Movado watch or Michelin tires or Waterford crystal , it ’s our customer .
advertisement
How is the current economic climate impacting Costco ?
We are subject to elements of the turndown just like everyone else .
You might argue , “ Well , gee , the value concept really holds these guys in good stead because people are looking for better pricing and perhaps are willing to go out of their way to find it . ”
But Costco was developed to be cash - and - carry , catering primarily to businesspeople , and that business customer is probably seeing their business suffer a little bit , so their purchases are going to go down .
There are definitely purchases that are being deferred : patio furniture , housewares , and domestic products — blankets and things like that .
The upside is we ’re seeing more purchases of basic stuff like health and beauty aids and food .
Apparel is doing reasonably well , but we ’re not in the business of selling $ 800 cocktail dresses .
Our healthiest business from a standpoint of sales growth has been in Asia ; we ’re in South Korea and Taiwan and Japan .
At the moment , our weakest , I would say , is in parts of California , Arizona , and around Las Vegas .
Those are the places where we think more people have been hurt relative to this mortgage issue .
Are there economic issues you would like the next U.S. president to address ?
I would like to see somebody paying attention to the deficits .
I think they ’re significantly higher than have been stated , and they ’re not even taking into account the war or what ’s going to happen further down the line with Medicare and Social Security .
How are we going to cover those costs ?
There ’s got to be some tough decisions made .
These problems are not going to go away .
advertisement
What ’s your stand on universal health coverage ?
We should have it .
I think that in the wealthiest nation in the world , it ’s a shame and disgrace that we do n’t .
We try to provide a very comprehensive health - care plan for our employees .
Costs keep escalating , but we think that ’s an obligation on our part .
What about high gas prices ?
Even employees who work at Costco — who make the type of wages that we pay — are being hit at the gas pump .
We ’re working very hard to schedule people from the same part of town so they can drive together .
We ’re encouraging van pools .
We ’re even testing 10 - hour days , something we ’ve never done in the past .
If we can schedule some employees for four 10 - hour days , that ’s one day they do n’t have to drive to work .
They ’ve got a 20 % savings in their gas right there .
You ’ve also installed skylights and solar panels in many of your buildings .
There ’s no sense in me BS - ing you .
The reason we did it originally was exactly as you ’re suggesting — to save money .
We put the skylights in so that we did n’t have to turn the lights on .
But of course it ’s also environmentally correct .
We also recycle all the boxes that the goods come in .
And we ’re working on how we can simplify packaging and save on fuel .
We just reconfigured our cashews .
They were in a round canister , and we put them in a square canister .
It sounds crazy , but we saved something like 560 truckloads a year of that one product .
That ’s significant savings .
advertisement
Is it true that you visit up to 12 Costco stores a day ?
That ’s a legend I ’ve tried to perpetuate , to keep everybody on their toes .
You know , there certainly are days when I ’ll visit 12 .
I will be traveling to our warehouses every single week between now and Christmas .
I love to hear the cash registers ring .
This happened in the 1960s , when I was a young doctor , a fellow in thoracic surgery at a Boston hospital .
My patient was 2 years old , a beautiful boy , a Van Gogh sunflower , yellow hair , blue eyes , alert and tranquil despite the near - fatal accident that had put him in the hospital .
His father , a physician , had given him an aspirin .
The pill , perhaps too large for his age , had lodged in his windpipe .
The doctor , not a surgeon , performed an emergency tracheotomy with a kitchen knife  made a hole in the neck into the breathing tube .
He saved his son ’s life .
At our hospital an expert plastic surgeon revised the makeshift tracheotomy , inserting a silver tube for an airway .
Except for the period in the operating room , the father never left his son ’s side .
The boy recovered remarkably well , breathing through the metal airway without difficulty .
Several weeks after the operation , the silver tube was corked .
Again the child did well , able to breathe without difficulty around the tube .
After several more weeks at full activity , he was readmitted to the hospital for removal of the tube .
Bell Canada Inc. is not breaking any laws by slowing internet speeds and will be allowed to continue throttling its customers , the CRTC has ruled .
The phone company , Canada 's biggest internet service provider with two million high - speed customers , has shown that it needs to be able to manage its network in order to prevent congestion , the Canadian Radio - television and Telecommunications Commission said in a decision released Thursday .
Bell will therefore be able to continue slowing the internet access it sells to smaller wholesale companies , as well as to its own retail subscribers .
The company will be required to give its wholesale customers 30 days notice when it wants to implement changes to its network management practices .
" Based on the evidence before us , we found that the measures employed by Bell Canada to manage its network were not discriminatory , " said CRTC chair Konrad von Finckenstein in a release .
" Bell Canada applied the same traffic - shaping practices to wholesale customers as it did to its own retail customers . "
The regulator 's investigation , which began in May , was limited to Bell 's wholesale practice and did not consider whether internet throttling should be allowed in general .
As such , the CRTC also announced it was opening a new probe into the larger issue of throttling , which is also done by other large internet service providers such as Rogers Communications Inc. and Shaw Inc .
Interested parties will have until Feb. 16 to submit their thoughts and a public hearing will be held on July 6 in Gatineau , Que .
" The broader issue of internet traffic management raises a number of questions that affect both end -users and service providers , " von Finckenstein said .
" We have decided to hold a separate proceeding to consider both wholesale and retail issues .
Its main purpose will be to address the extent to which internet service providers can manage the traffic on their networks in accordance with the Telecommunications Act . "
Bell and the others say they need to throttle customers who use peer - to - peer applications such as BitTorrent because they are causing congestion on their networks .
Decision affects CAIP companies
The ruling is a blow to the Canadian Association of Internet Providers , made up of 50 smaller companies that rent portions of Bell 's network .
Bell began throttling its own retail customers in October 2007 , then CAIP members in March , prompting the group to complain to the CRTC in April .
CAIP president Tom Copeland was disappointed with the decision and the fact that the CRTC's new investigation likely wo n't conclude until 2010 .
" Canada slips further in broadband world standings .
Canadians still do n't have any resolution , " he said .
" This is a licence for the carriers to continue to interfere with the consumer 's use of the internet . "
Copeland said CAIP was weighing its options , but an appeal to cabinet was a possibility .
Mirko Bibic , head of regulatory affairs for Bell , was pleased with the decision and welcomed the upcoming investigation into network - management practices .
" It certainly is the correct decision because this ensures we can continue to offer a better user experience to all our customers , " he said .
" There will be some clarity at the end of that process that avoids Bell or other ISPs in the future being subject to applications like the one filed by CAIP .
That will be a good outcome .
There will be clarity for all concerned . "
Bibic also said the fears that ISPs will use throttling or other network - management practices to dictate how customers can use their internet connections are overblown .
" The commission said there was no evidence to find or even suggest that was the case , " he said .
Bell is still facing a class - action lawsuit in Ontario and Quebec over throttling .
The suit was started by L'Union des consommateurs in May .
The CRTC 's investigation prompted more than 1,100 letters from individuals as well as submissions from major technology companies including Skype and Google Inc. , which accused Bell of acting as the internet 's " gatekeeper . "
CAIP has said the large providers have failed to prove this congestion and are instead throttling peer - to - peer applications because they compete with their own services .
Internet calling service Skype , for example , uses peer - to - peer technology to compete with Bell 's core phone business .
Much of the data detailing the level of congestion on Bell 's network was filed with the CRTC in private .
The regulator has not released that information at Bell 's request , which cites competitive reasons for the private disclosure .
Net neutrality advocates questioned whether the CRTC is acting in the public 's best interests , as well as the suitability of commissioners at the regulator and the Competition Bureau , some of whom have worked in Bell 's regulatory affairs department .
" For some reason the CRTC is not listening to the Canadian public and is abdicating its duties to the Canadian public , " said Steve Anderson , who runs Saveournet.ca .
" Anyone familiar with this issue knows this is a fundamentally unpopular decision they just made .
Canadians want an open internet and the CRTC knows that , yet they just made a ruling that goes against the public interest . "
New probe welcomed
Other net neutrality advocates said the CRTC decision was a mixed bag and are optimistic about the larger investigation .
" Though we 're disappointed with the outcome of this proceeding , we 're pleased the CRTC are looking at how to best keep the internet open , an important public policy issue for the future of the internet worldwide , " said Jacob Glick , policy counsel for Google Canada .
University of Ottawa internet law professor Michael Geist also said the ruling was only the first step toward deciding what form net neutrality should take .
" A year ago , the net neutrality debate focused on whether rules were needed .
Today , the debate is changing from whether there should rules on network management to what those rules should be , " he said .
" We are in the early stages of the more difficult questions of what constitutes reasonable network management practices and the opening of a formal proceeding puts those tougher questions squarely on the table . "
The government has so far declined to get involved in the issue .
Former minister of industry Jim Prentice earlier this year said the government was opposed to regulating the internet .
MP Charlie Angus , the NDP spokesman on digital issues , blasted the CRTC decision and the government for its inaction on the issue .
" Whether it ’s throttling the internet , imposing unfair text message fees or price gouging on cell - phone rates , it seems Canadian telcos can count on the backing of this government , " he said in a statement .
" [ The ] CRTC is applying outdated rules that this government has refused to change , leaving the average consumer and emerging business models at the mercy of the telecom giants . "
Regulators in the United States have taken decisive action against throttling by service providers .
The Federal Communications Commission in August ordered Comcast Corp. , the country 's largest cable company , to cease its throttling of peer - to - peer applications .
" This practice is not ' minimally intrusive ' but invasive and outright discriminatory , " the FCC said in its ruling .
" Consumers are entitled to run applications and use services of their choice . "
In reaction , Comcast said it would introduce a new application - neutral system by the end of the year that will throttle only heavy users .
The United States is also poised to clamp down further on interference by internet service providers under president - elect Barack Obama , a supporter of net neutrality .
Obama last week appointed two longtime net neutrality advocates , University of Michigan law professor Susan Crawford and former FCC staffer Kevin Werbach , to conduct a review of the regulator .
A cat ran across the road and Mrs Carr did an emergency stop .
In doing so , she was struck from behind by a Transit van and subsequently believed she had run over the cat .
“ There was a terrible crash and it pushed my car sideways , causing an awful lot of damage to the back .
The van driver got out to see if I was OK and I was telling him about the cat , which he had n’t seen – until amazingly , it suddenly ran out from under the car and disappeared . ”
A new non-pneumatic , honeycomb - like tire has been developed that is designed to withstand both bomb blasts and bullet - fire by allowing objects such as shrapnel , or even whole bullets to pass through it .
Developed in a collaborative effort between Resilient Technologies and Wisconsin- Madison ’s Polymer Engineering Center , the tire consists of a round honeycomb wrapped around the wheel hub , which itself is wrapped with thick heavy - duty tread .
The tires have been designed for the US Army so that troops do n’t get stranded when their tires are blown out , but could be equally useful on our roads for those smart enough to drive , but clueless enough not to know how to change a flat .
The new design could someday , at long last , make spare tires completely redundant .
The structure of their bulletproof tire is similar to one developed by Michelin back in 2006 called the TWEEL , which uses triangles instead of the six - sided cells .
The honeycomb structure improves on the TWEEL by transferring loads more evenly , thus better duplicating the feel of regular pneumatic tires .
Sources :
Resilient Technologies and Scientific American
Via : CNET
Income tax refers to a tax levied on the income or profits .
Income tax levied on business is also called a corporate tax .
All the major tax in India are imposed by the central government and a few small ones by local authorities like the Municipality .
There are two types of taxes - direct and indirect tax .
Direct tax refers to the tax directly levied on a person ’s income while indirect tax can be of various forms like service tax , Value Added Tax , Restaurant bill etc .
The income tax act is under the mandate of Income Tax Act 1961 .
The IRS which is the acronym for Indian Revenue Service deals with the collection and administration of various taxes .
The logo of the income tax department “ Kush Mulo Dand ” is a verse taken from Kautilya ’s “ Arthashashtra ” which means that as citizens of India we should understand the importance of paying taxes and any person not doing so is punishable by law .
Importance of Paying Tax
Regular payment of tax fall under civic duty and not paying taxes is punishable by law and might lead to fine or imprisonment .
The importance of paying taxes are
The taxes that we pay goes to a number of places .
They are paid for the manufacturing and maintenance of roads , infrastructure , the establishment of libraries and public parks etc .
Taxes are also a major source of revenue for various government schemes and scholarship meant for the weaker section of the society .
Further , part of our income tax also goes to the defense sector of the country including police and firefighters .
Eligibility for Income Tax
Salaried people are required to pay a part of their income as income tax .
To pay income tax a person should fill form 16 .
It is basically a certificate by the employer stating the deduction of TDS on the salary .
The form is issued at the end of each financial year .
However , not everyone is required to file for income tax .
In case a person is not eligible then he or she is not required to fill form 16 .
In such a case , the employer does not provide this form to the employee .
The eligibility for taxation for people who are less than 60 years for the financial year 2017 - 18 are for both men and women are
ANNUAL INCOME TAX RATES
Salary up to 250000 NIL Salary between 250001 to 500000 5 % tax levied on the income Salary between 500001 to 1000000 Rs 12500 and 20 % of income Above 1000000 Rs 112500 and 30 % of income
Taxation for people ( both men and women ) above 60 years and less than 80 years
ANNUAL INCOME TAX RATES
Salary up to 300000 NIL Salary between 300000 to 500000 5 % tax levied Salary between 500001 to 1000000 Rs 1000 and 20 % tax is levied Above 1000000 Rs 110000 and 30 % is levied
Taxation for people above 80 years ( both men and women )
ANNUAL INCOME TAX RATES Salary upto Rs 500000 NIL Salary between Rs 500001 to 1000000 20 % of tax is levied Above 1000000 100000 and 30 % of tax is levied
Income tax for business or corporate tax criteria are
INCOME SLABS TAX RATES
If income is less than 10,000 10 % of the income Between 10,000 and 20,000 20 % of the income which exceeds 10,000 More than 30,000 30 % of the income which exceeds 20,000
Documents Required
The list of documents required for tax deduction should be collected beforehand so as to avoid last minute haste .
The list of documents required are
ID Proof : PAN card , passport , Aadhaar card Salary proof : Form 16 ( part A and part B and 12 BA ) Proof of income in the form of interest Bank passbook or interest certificate on saving account
Interest certificate for all fixed deposits
Income from other sources like commission , dividend etc .
Proof of tax saving investments like NSC , life insurance , PPF etc Proof of income from property Certificate of possession of the property
Receipts of municipal taxes
House loan certificates
Form 16A on rent Proof of capital gain sale of property sale deed
sale related expenses
expenses relating to purchase
reinvested property ’s sale deed Other claims from employers Rent Receipt
Travel cost
Form 26AS : it deals with all the incomes earned during the year and the tax deducted on the spot .
In case a person has worked outside India in the previous year than he or she will have to present the foreign salary slip , as well as foreign tax returns , slips
Income Tax Returns
Tax returns are basically the various income and refund to be earned by a person from the Government like tax liability , details of tax paid etc .
Income tax returns basically form that every salaried person is required to file every year to the Income Tax Department .
If excess tax has been paid in a year then the person is liable for refund depending upon the interpretations and calculation of the income tax department .
Income
Tax returns require the correct form to be filled .
ITR 1 : This is a very easy and simple form .
Here the details regarding salary / pension or income from property and other sources must be mentioned .
However , this form need not be filled by a person whose income is more than 50 Lakhs , have a taxable capital gain , foreign assets , income from business or other professions , income from more than one house property and if income from agriculture exceeds Rs 5000 .
ITR 2 : This form is to fill if a person gets income from salary or pension , income from capital gains , income from house properties , income from foreign assets and other sources of income and if agricultural income is more than Rs 5000 .
This form should not be filled if a person gets income from business or profession .
ITR 3 : This form is to be filled by an individual or Hindu Undivided Family when the source of income is from a business or profession , house property , pension / salary or other sources .
This form should not be filled if a person has opted for resumption taxes .
Things to be kept in mind while filing IT returns
A person should mention in their tax returns regarding deposits which have been more than 2 lakhs after demonetization .
The cash deposited should match with the information provided while filing an ITR .
In case of a mismatch , a person can face a penalty .
Income from interest should also be mentioned like income from interest on tax saving schemes and deposits .
Aadhaar must not only be linked with PAN but an individual should also mention Aadhaar details while filing tax returns .
Not doing so might invite prosecution or fine under section 277
Income from the previous employer should also be mentioned
If a person is working abroad then he or she is required to give details of the foreign bank account , date of opening , interest incurred and field number .
The Tax department also asks for information about financial assets if the earning is more than 50 lakhs
Lastly , a person should keep in mind the last date of filing tax returns .
Income Tax Refund
If a person pays more taxes then he or she is liable for income tax refunds based on the calculations and interpretation of the Income Tax Department .
The refund can be filed both online as well as physically .
Normally the refund takes place within 2 to 6 months .
The status of the refund can also be checked online .
It will be paid either directly to the bank account or via cheque .
The following steps should be taken while filing for a refund
For the online filing , the following steps should be taken
Visit the official website of the Income Tax Department Enter your user id and password After logging in select the “ my account ” tab and then select “ refund reissue request ” option in the drop down menu
After this , a form will appear on the screen .
The tax payer is required to fill the form and then click on ” validate ” for the successful submission of the claim .
The procedure of Paying Income Tax
Income Tax can be paid both offline as well online .
If a person wants to pay offline these steps should be taken .
Download the ITR - V document .
To download one should visit the income tax department official website .
After downloading the form , PAN number and date of birth must be used as a password to open the form .
It must be noted that the password should be written in the appropriate box , should not have any space in between and should be written in small letters .
The ITR - V comprises of one page and it should be signed with blue ink by the taxpayer
The form should be sent via post to the following address :
Post Bag No 1 , Electronic City Post Office ,
Bengaluru , Karnataka - 560100
For online tax submission , the following steps should be taken
Visit the official website of Income tax department for income tax e-filing
Click on “ register yourself ” in the top right - hand side corner of the page
After this , a registration form will appear , select the user type as either “ individual ” or “ HUF ” and then click on “ continue ”
After selecting the user type , a basic details form will appear .
It is mandatory to fill all the boxes where the asterisk is provided and then click on “ continue ”
After filling in the basic details , a registration form will appear on the screen .
All the asterisk marked boxes are mandatory and the user should provide the current mobile number and e-mail id .
After filling up the registration form click on “ submit ” .
After successful registration , a mail will be sent to the registered email id confirming the registration and an OTP will be sent to the registered mobile number .
The mail sent by the Income Tax department will consist of an activation link .
When the activation link is clicked it will get redirected to the activation page where the user is required to provide the OTP received in his or her registered mobile number and then hit the “ submit ” button
The registration process gets completed after submitting the OTP .
Another way of online tax payment
Visit the e-filing website of the income tax department
Go to e-file and click on “ prepare and submit ITR online ” .( user can fill only ITRs1 or 4s online )
Select the ITR form and the assessment year
After filling the ITR form click on “ submit ”
The digital signature certificate must be uploaded if applicable and then click on “ submit ”
If the Digital signature certificate is not uploaded then the ITR - V link will be displayed .
After clicking on the link the user is redirected to the ITR - V form .
The form will be sent to his or her email id .
If the digital signature certificate is uploaded then the return filing process is complete .
Tax Saving Instruments
There are a number of tax saving schemes and deposits like PPF , NPS , NSC , ELSS , Fixed deposit etc. that can be used for reducing the income tax burden .
Some of the major tax saving schemes and deposits in India are :
Public Provident Fund :
It is also commonly known as PPF .
It is a tax saving cum pension scheme .
It acquires maturity after completing 15 years .
The minimum deposit per year is Rs500 and the maximum deposit is Rs 1.5 lakhs per annum .
Fixed Deposit :
It does not have a fixed maturity period .
The deposit can be opened after 10 years or even after 7 days .
There is no upper limit on the maximum investment
Mutual fund / ELSS :
The minimum maturity period of mutual funds is three years .
The minimum investment is Rs 500 and there is no upper limit on the maximum investment .
However , the tax is deductible only on a maximum of 1.5 lakhs per annum .
NSC : The NSC can be bought with the denomination of Rs100 , Rs500 , Rs1000 , Rs5000 and Rs10000 .
There is no limit on the maximum amount of investment that a person can invest .
However it the tax is deductible only till 1.5 lakh rupees per year .
There are maturity period , one for 5 years and one for 10 years .
Recurring deposit : the term period varies from 1 year to 10 years .
The minimum deposit should be 1000 but tax will be exempted if the interest earned is more than 10000 .
Linking Pan with Aadhaar
The government of India has made it mandatory for all taxpayer to link their PAN cards with their Aadhaar cards .
This step is taken to prevent fake PAN cards .
Infant in a recent report it has been stated that the government has deactivated multiple PAN cards due to there multiple presences so as prevent tax circumvention .
As many as 11.44 lakhs PAN cards have been deactivated .
This has been done to prevent fake identities and illegal purchase of properties .
The PAN and the Aadhaar can be linked with the following steps :
Visit the official e-filing website of Income Tax department
Click on “ link Aadhaar ” in the left - hand side of the page
After this a form will appear whereby the user is required to fill in the details of his PAN number , Aadhaar number , Name as per Aadhaar , date birth .
The user can verify either by entering the captcha code or request for an OTP .
The OTP will be sent to the registered mobile number .
After verifying , click on link Aadhaar .
The Government has decided to mandate linking Aadhaar with PAN for income tax filing and also the deadline for linkage has been extended to 31 Aug 2017 .
Check out the procedure to link Aadhaar with Pan using this Link .
The Legacy of Dear Zachary :
A Journey to Change Law
Watch this short film to see the quest to complete Dear Zachary and amend Canadian bail law .
( SPOILER WARNING :
Do not watch this short until you have seen Dear Zachary . )
Latest News
December 20 , 2019 :
DEAR ZACHARY 10TH ANNIVERSARY HD REMASTERED EDITION NOW AVAILABLE ON BLU - RAY , DVD , and DIGITAL
For the film 's 10th anniversary , Kurt Kuenne remastered " Dear Zachary " , its epilogue , and its bonus features for HD , converting the original standard definition elements to HD shot - by - shot , while remixing the film in 5.1 surround , so that it now looks and sounds as originally intended on today 's platforms .
( A huge thanks to the folks at Different by Design in Los Angeles , CA and Anarchy Post in Glendale , CA for making this possible and affordable . )
A 10th Anniversary Collector 's Edition Blu-Ray and DVD with special artwork and packaging is available only from Oscilloscope Laboratories at the link below .
The 10th Anniversary Blu- Ray and DVD are also available from other retailers listed below , and the digital edition is now available for purchase or rent on iTunes , Amazon Prime Video , and Google Play .
COLLECTOR'S EDITION DIGIPAK only from Oscilloscope Laboratories :
Blu - Ray | DVD
BLU -RAY
Amazon | Barnes & Noble | Target | Walmart
DVD
Amazon | Barnes & Noble | Target | Walmart
DIGITAL
iTunes | Amazon Prime Video | Google Play
January 25 , 2016 :
DEAR ZACHARY ORIGINAL MOTION PICTURE SCORE ALBUM NOW AVAILABLE
Kurt Kuenne 's acclaimed orchestral score for " Dear Zachary " , nominated for Best Documentary Score of 2008 by the International Film Music Critics Association , is now available on CD and for digital download .
The album includes " Andrew " , the 8 minute concert work Kurt wrote and recorded in Andrew 's memory in 2002 .
Purchase the album on : CD Baby ( Physical CD ) • iTunes • Amazon MP3 • Google Play
August 4 , 2015 :
DAVID BAGBY'S " DANCE WITH THE DEVIL " RETURNS TO PAPERBACK AND E-BOOK
After four years of being out of print , David Bagby 's book " Dance with the Devil " ( Andrew Bagby 's father 's powerful memoir of the events depicted in " Dear Zachary " ) is finally available in paperback and e-book .
Purchase the book here .
What the press are saying :
To read more reviews , visit our Press Archive
December 16 , 2010 :
ZACHARY'S BILL ( BILL C - 464 ) BECOMES LAW IN CANADA
( Click HERE to read a letter to viewers from David & Kate Bagby . )
On December 15 , 2010 , Governor General David Johnston gave Royal Assent to Bill C- 464 : An Act To Amend the Criminal Code ( justification for detention in custody ) , making it law in Canada .
The private member 's bill was introduced by MP Scott Andrews of Newfoundland last fall after he saw " Dear Zachary " at a March 2009 screening in Ottawa and decided to do something about what he saw .
The bill has added an amendment to Canada 's criminal code giving courts the right to refuse bail to someone charged with a serious crime who is deemed a potential danger to children under the age of 18 .
Bill C -464 was introduced in the House of Commons on October 22 , 2009 , passed the House of Commons unanimously on March 22nd of this year and passed the Senate of Canada last Thursday , December 9th , where it was sponsored by Senator Tommy Banks of Alberta .
This marks the first time in history an MP from Newfoundland has been able to get a private member 's bill through Parliament ; since 2001 , 2,510 Private Member 's Bills have been introduced in the House of Commons , but only 23 - less than 1 % - have received Royal Assent .
I extend my deepest thanks and greatest respect to MP Scott Andrews , his associate Ken Carter , Senator Tommy Banks , his executive assistant Thérèse Gauthier , MP Peter Stoffer , Senator Anne Cools , Gord McIntosh and everyone in Parliament who saw across party lines to support this bill 's passage into law .
Amending Canada 's bail code was my goal in releasing " Dear Zachary " publicly ; it is my pleasure to announce that goal is now a reality .
- Kurt Kuenne
March 23 , 2010 :
HOUSE OF COMMONS UNANIMOUSLY PASSES BILL C-464
On Monday , March 22 , 2010 , the House of Commons in Ottawa unanimously passed Bill C - 464 - An Act to Amend the Criminal Code ( justification for detention in custody ) .
The private member 's bill was introduced by MP Scott Andrews of Newfoundland last fall after he saw " Dear Zachary " at a March 2009 screening in Ottawa and decided to do something about what he saw .
The bill now moves to the Senate where it is expected to be embraced in a similar fashion .
Senator Tommy Banks of Alberta will be the bill 's sponsor in the Senate , and will shortly be distributing DVDs of " Dear Zachary " to all members of the Senate , just as he and MP Andrews distributed the film to all members of the House of Commons last fall when he introduced the bill .
The bill , if passed into law later this year , would justify detention in custody for those accused of a serious crime who are a potential danger to their own children under the age of 18 .
Kate and David Bagby traveled to Ottawa last week to speak as witnesses for the bill before the House 's Standing Committee on Justice & Human Rights .
The committee passed the bill unanimously , which is how it came to be heard in the House for a final vote this week .
Please check back for updates as the bill makes its way through the Senate in the coming weeks -- and if you are a Canadian Citizen , please write your Senator to voice your support of C - 464 during this crucial time .
Click HERE for assistance .
We send a huge thanks to MP Scott Andrews , his assistant Ken Carter , MP Peter Stoffer , Senator Tommy Banks , his assistant Thérèse Gauthier , Gord McIntosh and all those in Parliament who have seen across party lines and supported this bill to honor Andrew & Zachary and help prevent a recurrence of our story .
December 15 , 2009 :
On December 4 , 2009 , Bill C - 464 ( our bail reform bill ) was discussed on the floor of the House of Commons for a full hour , and MP Scott Andrews received unanimous support from all political parties in the House of Commons to advance the bill to the Standing Committee on Justice & Human Rights .
Kate & David Bagby will now be called as witnesses before the committee , the bill will be revised and strengthened , and eventually brought back into the House and Senate for a vote .
This is a huge step forward in the mission Dear Zachary was created to accomplish .
MP Andrews was inspired to create Bill C - 464 after seeing Dear Zachary for the first time in March ; he and Senator Tommy Banks distributed DVDs of Dear Zachary to every member of the House of Commons for their review immediately following the December 4th discussion .
Bill C -464 when enacted will justify detention in custody for a person accused of a serious crime who is a potential danger to their own minor children .
We urge you to write your MP ( if you 're Canadian ) or the Attorney General of Canada ( if you 're not ) in support of MP Andrews ' bill ; the next few months are a crucial time .
Information on who and where to write can be found on the " Support Bail Reform " page .
October 22 , 2009 :
An abridged version of " Dear Zachary " will premiere on CBC Newsworld in Canada on Sunday , October 25th at 10 PM ET / PT .
Check your local listings for channel info .
This abridged version was prepared personally by Kurt Kuenne in order to comply with CBC Newsworld 's time constraints but preserve the film 's impact while reaching a wider audience in Canada .
Kurt is incredibly grateful for the good folks at MSNBC for making this arrangement happen .
Also , today MP Scott Andrews of Newfoundland introduced a bill in Parliament for its first reading that proposes a modification to Canada 's bail code that would justify detention in custody for a suspect who is a potential danger to their own minor children .
The bill is called C - 464 - An Act to amend the Criminal Code ( justification for detention in custody ) .
MP
Andrews was spurred on to the creation of this bill after seeing " Dear Zachary " at a March screening in Ottawa to which all Members of Parliament were invited .
We 're thrilled with MP Andrews ' initiative and efforts , and support him 100 % as he moves this bill forward .
We urge everyone to write your MP ( if Canadian ) or the Attorney General of Canada ( if not ) urging them to support MP Andrews and his bill as it moves toward a vote in the near future .
Information on who and where to write can be found by going to the " Support Bail Reform " page .
April 14 , 2009 :
Dear Zachary recently won the Sigma Delta Chi Award for Best Documentary of 2008 from the Society of Professional Journalists .
It also took 3rd place in the National Headliner Awards for Best Documentary of 2008 , given by the Press Club of Atlantic City .
Also , by popular demand , a new printing of David Bagby 's book " Dance with the Devil : A Memoir of Murder and Loss " featuring Dear Zachary 's poster art on its cover is now in stores .
Lastly , Dear Zachary was screened in Ottawa on March 11 , 2009 for various members of Parliament and their staff ; as a result , a small but committed group of Parliamentarians are now drafting a bill based on the issues raised in the film .
We 'll keep this website updated as to their progress when there is news .
February 24 , 2009 :
Dear Zachary is now available on DVD !
In January , the film was nominated for Best Documentary by both the Chicago Film Critics Association and the Online Film Critics Society , who also nominated writer / director / composer Kurt Kuenne for Breakthrough Filmmaker of 2008 .
The International Film Music Critics also nominated his musical score for Best Documentary Score of 2008 .
December 4 , 2008 :
Dear Zachary was named one of the top 5 documentaries of 2008 by the National Board of Review !
It also recently won Best Documentary at the Orlando Film Festival and the Audience Award at the St. Louis International Film Festival .
September 28 , 2008 :
Dear Zachary recently won the Audience Award at the Sidewalk Moving Picture Festival in Birmingham , Alabama !
It also recently screened at the Calgary International Film Festival and the Edmonton International Film Festival to standing ovations from Canadian audiences , where it inspired many audience members to write their Parliament in support of bail reform .
Dear Zachary has been acquired for theatrical release and DVD distribution by the newly formed Oscilloscope Pictures , and will be released in New York on October 31st , and in Los Angeles and Chicago on November 7th .
See details above !
August 5 , 2008 :
Screening next at DocuWeek , the International Documentary Association 's Theatrical Documentary Showcase .
In New York - August 8 - 14 at the IFC Center , 323 Sixth Avenue at W. 3rd Street .
Click HERE for ticket information .
In Los Angeles - August 22 - 28 at the Arclight Hollywood , 6360 Sunset Blvd .
Click HERE for ticket information .
Read the DocuWeek Q&A with writer / director / composer Kurt Kuenne HERE .
June 25 , 2008 :
Dear Zachary has been announced as the first film to launch the newly formed MSNBC Films division of MSNBC .
It will have its television premiere on MSNBC this fall following a theatrical release that is currently in negotiations and expected to be announced in the coming weeks .
Dear Zachary was also a hit at Silverdocs , the AFI / Discovery Channel Documentary Film Festival over the weekend of June 21st & 22nd , where both screenings were once again met with standing ovations ; Silverdocs nominated Dear Zachary for its inaugural Writers Guild of America Documentary Screenplay Award .
May 16 , 2008 :
Dear Zachary had its Canadian premiere at the Hot Docs International Documentary Film Festival in Toronto , where it was welcomed by a line down the street and around the block to get in .
Both screenings received sustained standing ovations , and the Toronto audience applauded yet again when director Kurt Kuenne announced that he had sent letters to every member of Parliament requesting the opportunity to screen the film for them .
Dear Zachary was then voted the # 3 audience favorite of the festival by viewer ballot , out of the 172 distinguished documentaries screening at Hot Docs .
March 18 , 2008 :
Dear Zachary was the most honored film at Cinequest 18 in San Jose , receiving sustained standing ovations from packed houses at all 3 screenings and winning 2 awards - a Special Jury Award for Documentary Feature and the Audience Award .
It then played SXSW in Austin , Texas , where it left audiences stunned and in tears .
January 28 , 2008 :
Dear Zachary was a hit at Slamdance !
Both screenings were sold out and received sustained standing ovations , an exceptionally rare event in the 14 year history of Slamdance .
January 15 , 2008 :
Slamdance Film Festival book signing !
David Bagby will be signing copies of Dance with the Devil on Sunday , January 20th , from 3 - 4 P.M. at Dolly 's Bookstore , 510 Main Street , Park City , Utah .
December 10 , 2007 :
Dear Zachary will have its World Premiere at the Slamdance Film Festival , January 17 - 25 , 2008 in Park City , Utah !
Click here for ticket information !
Earlier this week I had occasion to debate – if the soundbite culture of radio news permits that description – with a member of Oxford University 's Centre for Anthropology and Mind the " findings " of its cognition , religion and theology project , to the effect that children are hardwired to believe in a " supreme being " .
The research is funded by the Templeton Foundation , an organisation keen to find , or to insert , religion into science and to promote belief in their compatibility – which , note , comes down to spending money on " showing " in the end that the beliefs of ancient goatherds are as good as modern physics .
Justin Barrett , a Christian and member of the centre 's research team ( whether it is research or propaganda is the moot question here ) says with his colleagues on the centre 's website :
Why is belief in supernatural beings so common ?
Because of the design of human minds .
Human minds , under normal developmental conditions , have a strong receptivity to belief in gods , in the afterlife , in moral absolutes , and in other ideas commonly associated with ' religion ' …
In a real sense , religiousness is the natural state of affairs .
Unbelief is relatively unusual and unnatural .
This claim was the subject of Barrett 's lecture at Cambridge , in which he exhibited his reasons for thinking that children are innately disposed to believe in intelligent design / creationism and a supreme being .
His real reasons for thinking this , of course , are that he is a man of faith funded by a faith - based organisation ; but the reasons he professed were that children have an innate tendency when small to interpret what happens in the world to be the outcome of purposive agency .
Now on this point he and I , an atheist funded by no organisation keen on promoting atheism , agree .
Children 's earliest experiences are of purposive agency in the adults and other people around them – these being the entities of most interest to them in their first months – and for good evolutionary reasons they are extremely credulous , not only believing that things must be acting as their parents do in being self - moving and intentional , but also believing in tooth fairies , Father Christmas , and a host of other things beside , almost all of which they give up believing before puberty , unless the beliefs are socially reinforced – as with religious and , to a lesser extent , certain other superstitious beliefs .
Intellectual maturation is the process in important part of weaning oneself from the assumption that trees and shadows behave as they do for the same reason that one 's parents , other humans , and dogs and cats do ; it is every bit as natural a fact about children that they cease to apply intentionalistic explanations to everything as that they give them to everything , on the model of their parents ' behaviour , in the earliest phases of development .
But Barrett and friends infer from the first half of these unexceptionable facts that children are hardwired to believe in a supreme being .
Not only does this ignore the evidence from developmental psychology about the second stage of cognitive maturation , but is in itself a very big – and obviously hopeful – jump indeed .
Moreover it ignores the fact that large tracts of humankind ( the Chinese for a numerous example ) have no beliefs in a supreme being , innate or learned , and that most primitive religion is animistic , a simple extension of the agency - imputing explanation which gives each tree its dryad and each stream its nymph , no supreme beings required .
Barrett and friends say that children are hardwired to believe that nature is designed .
This Barrett infers , apparently , from asking small children such questions as " why is this stone pointed ? "
It does not seem to have occurred to him that the semantics of " why " questions are such that they demand an explanation in terms of reasons or causes in response – the language game is constrained to that pattern : " why is / did ? " prompts an automatic " because " – and that even small children know that " just because it is " does not count as satisfactory .
So of course , from the limited resources they have in which reasons are vastly more familiar than causes ( the causes that natural science later most fully discerns by investigation ) , they come up with what they know the questioner wishes to hear – an explanation – but in the absence of knowing very much about causes , they give it in intentionalistic terms .
A small child might know why something might be made sharp , and for what sort of purpose , but not as readily how it might become so , especially if it is a natural object .
All that this shows , therefore , is that the question was ineptly framed , not that the Templeton Foundation has proved that religious belief is innate .
" Religious belief " and early childhood interpretations of how the world work are so far removed from one another that only a preconceived desire to interpret the latter in terms of " intelligent design " and " a supreme being " – the very terms are a giveaway – is obviously tendentious , and this is what is going on here .
It would merely be poor stuff if that was all there is to it ; but there is more .
The Templeton Foundation is rich ; it offers a very large money prize to any scientist or philosopher who will say things friendly to religion , and it supports " research " as described above into anything that will add credibility and respectability to religion .
Its website portrays its aims as serious and objective , but in truth it is just another example of how well - funded and well - organised some religious lobbies are – a common phenomenon in the United States in particular , and now infecting the body politic here .
But the Templeton Foundation would do better to be frank about its propagandistic intentions , for while it tries to dress itself in the lineaments of objectivity it will always face the accusation of tainting the pool , as with the work of this Oxford University institute .
Indeed I question the advisability of Oxford taking funds from the Templeton Foundation for this kind of work .
I wonder whether it has undertaken due diligence on this one .
I hope it would not take money supporting research for astrology , Tarot divination , proof that the Olympian deities still exist , and the like .
The general claims of religion differ not one jot in intellectual respects – or respectability – from these .
Perhaps it should think again .
" I want to admit that I am in the midst of a grieving process at this time , " Dobson confessed on the Focus on the Family radio broadcast on Thursday .
" I ’m not grieving over Barack Obama ’s victory , but over the loss of things that I ’ve fought for , for 35 years .
" Dobson went on to further elaborate why he is so upset : " [ H ]e ’s going to appoint the most liberal justices to the Supreme Court , perhaps that we ’ve ever had , " Dobson said .
" So , there are many reasons why I ’m struggling today over the likely path that the nation has taken .
" James Dobson is certainly not alone .
Many evangelical Christians feel devastated by the election of Barack Obama .
Many feel as though the America that they once knew is gone forever .
But what should we expect ?
The truth is that we are in the end times .
Those who know the truth knew that things were going to head this direction .
Times and going to get tough and persecution of Christians is going to dramatically increase .
America has rejected life , morality , truth and God .
That is the truth and we all need to face it .
A political battle has been lost , but the war to win souls for Jesus Christ is as important as it ever has been .
Q :
A : Here 's a case where fuel economy and fuel efficiency are n't interchangeable .
Diesel fuel costs more than gasoline in part because of high global demand and expenses related to the recent transition in the U.S. to ultra - low sulfur formulations .
Last summer as gasoline reached $ 4 a gallon and diesel was 25 % more at $ 5 a gallon , diesel's ...
Five acts of vandalism have scared some of these residents that showed their support for Barack Obama .
Signs torn down , hate graffiti , vehicles spray painted , and trees – this happened late Saturday night in south Torrance .
Vandals attacked homes that displayed support for President - elect Obama , spray - painting cars , walls , trees and campaign signs with swastikas and racial slurs .
One Hollywood Riviera resident awakened to find a large Nazi symbol on a tree , the N - word across her garage door and the phrase “ Go back to Africa ” scrawled across a front wall .
“ They had painted a big swastika on my car and spray - painted out my bumper sticker , ” she said Monday .
“ It was pretty shocking .
Immediately my heart began racing . ”
One couple who live near Calle Mayor found the words “ Hitler ” and “ Nazi ” painted in black on their Volkswagen .
The Torrance police Sgt. Bernard Anderson is trying to decide if this is aimed at the individuals or a political issue .
Basically , he has to determine if these attacks should be labeled as hate crimes , then they could possibly be felonies .
Which is what I ’m hoping the Sgt. decides .
Each of the targeted residences displayed Obama campaign signs in their front yards or bumper stickers on their cars .
All of the victims were white .
“ God forbid these people come back again , ” said a Southwood resident who found four Swastikas and a symbol for “ Heil Hitler ” on her car .
“ I was shocked and appalled and just frightened that this would happen in this day and age . ”
In fact , the ADL believes that these attacks should be taken seriously .
The Anti-Defamation League issued a Press Release yesterday .
They are reporting some alarming facts and monitoring White Supremacists very closely .
In the aftermath of the election victory of Barack Obama , white supremacists rushed to online discussion forums to vent anger and disbelief that voters had chosen an African - American candidate as the next president of the United States .
The Anti-Defamation League ( ADL ) , which monitors and exposes extremist activity and rhetoric , said anger among white supremacists and other right - wing extremists in response to Obama ’s victory resulted in an avalanche of vitriolic postings on racist Web sites .
At one point , the chatter so overloaded the server of the most popular white supremacist Internet forum , Stormfront , that the site was temporarily shut down .
Mr. Foxman added : “ The amount of invective , anger and rage being vented on white supremacist sites in the aftermath of the election is startling .
Many racists are convinced that President - elect Obama ’s achievement means that whites have lost their place in America , and they are predicting the beginning of a race war . ”
The diatribe these White Supremacists are engaging in on the internet is scary .
The ADL has samples of their themes : ( The ones that want to leave the country – my sincere wish is that they do . )
Predicting a “ Race War : ” While some racists announced that they would leave the United States , others suggested that Obama ’s election win would provide a catalyst that would move whites to become active racists .
Some predicted the election would prove a boon to racist recruitment efforts .
Still others suggested they were planning on arming themselves with guns and ammunition to defend themselves in a coming “ race war . ”
Calls to Violence :
While making no direct threats against the president - elect , some white supremacists expressed a hope that Obama would be killed or die while in office .
One racist referred to a recent alleged plot by neo - Nazi skinheads to kill Obama and minorities , expressing a hope that someone else would carry out an assassination attempt : “… hopefully he ’ll get assassinated before he gets into office .
Just do n’t be ( expletive ) idiots about it like those skinheads were , ” wrote “ Trellen R. ”
An anonymous poster on white supremacist Hal Turner ’s blog went further : “ Someone will kill him !
And I will celebrate !
It ’s just a matter of time . ”
The ones that are calling for violence , I can only hope are being closely monitored by the Secret Service .
This is tragic and vile that some people in this country still hate someone for the color of their skin .
Truly ugly and very sad they have such a narrow view , with no regard for human life .
It is too early to tell whether British - born Pakistanis were among the Mumbai terrorists , Gordon Brown said today in response to claims that at least two Britons were involved .
The Foreign Office is investigating reports on the Indian channel NDTV quoting Vilasrao Deshmukh , the chief minister of Maharashtra state , as saying there were British nationals among the militants arrested .
In a televised address yesterday , the Indian prime minister , Manmohan Singh , said the attacks had " external links " , which was interpreted as a reference to Pakistan .
Brown said today that he would talk to Singh about the claims of British involvement .
" I would not want to be drawn into early conclusions about this .
There is so much information still to be discovered and made available .
I have heard what prime minister Singh has said and I 'll talk to him about it this morning , " he told Sky News .
" But obviously when you have terrorists operating in one country they may be getting support from another country or coming from another country and it is very important that we strengthen the cooperation between India and Britain in dealing with these instances of terrorist attacks . "
It is understood that in recent years dozens of British - born Pakistanis have travelled to Pakistan to train in terror camps .
The foreign secretary , David Miliband , said that British authorities were working " intensively " on establishing the origins and identities of the terrorists .
" We obviously will want to work very , very closely with the Indians on that , but it is too early to say whether or not any of them are British , " he told Sky News .
The home secretary , Jacqui Smith , said UK authorities had " no knowledge " of any British links with the attacks .
" We will do anything we can to help Indian authorities through what is obviously a very difficult time , " she said .
" We will do what is necessary .
At the moment the priority is to support the immediate needs .
We will work with the Indians to see what we can learn from the events . "
Indian commandos have recovered credit and identity cards belonging to the militants , which may shed more light on their nationalities .
Security services in Britain are studying images of the attackers in an effort to identify them .
But a Foreign Office spokeswoman said the department was " not aware of anything giving any credence to those reports at the moment " .
A team of Scotland Yard anti-terrorist detectives and negotiators are now on their way to Mumbai to assist the Indian authorities .
Deshmukh , said up to 25 gunmen were responsible for the series of bomb blasts and shootings that targeted tourists and foreign interests .
PALESTINIANS : Palestinian dreams of a non-violent path to a homeland have been shattered this week , writes Michael Jansen
CHIEF PALESTINIAN negotiator Ahmed Korei said yesterday that so - far fruitless negotiations with Israel had been suspended because of the aerial blitz on Gaza .
" There are no negotiations and there is no way there could be negotiations while there are attacks against us , " he said .
The Fatah - dominated Palestinian Authority 's move followed Monday 's decision by Damascus to put on hold Turkish - mediated peace talks with Israel .
Mr Korei's words reflected the sentiments of most Palestinians who regard Israel 's latest attack on Gaza as being directed against the entire Palestinian people and their aspiration for a homeland in Gaza , the West Bank and East Jerusalem .
Hamas 's failure to respond to Israel 's raids with the barrage of 200-300 rockets which Israeli planners predicted , deepens the Palestinian feeling of helplessness and strengthens Palestinian unity in the face of Israel 's overwhelming force .
Israel 's determination to " wage all - out war " against Hamas and to " change the situation on the ground in Gaza " reminds Palestinians everywhere of Israel 's 2002 operation to reoccupy the West Bank and crush the Palestinian Authority 's presence there .
During that campaign then Palestinian president Yasser Arafat was imprisoned and bombarded in his compound in Ramallah while Israeli troops , tanks and planes levelled Palestinian police stations , administrative buildings , factional offices , cultural centres and other infrastructure .
The police were a particular target .
The West Bank headquarters and neighbourhood posts were demolished and many policemen killed , as they have been in Gaza during this assault .
Now as then , the police are recruited from the general population .
In Gaza , where unemployment is acute , it could be an advantage to be a member of Hamas to secure recruitment but many young men are likely to join Hamas to get preferment .
In spite of the toll of this assault , there will be many applications for positions once Israel ends its assault .
The Palestinian Authority 's police force and administrative apparatus have still not recovered from Israel 's 2002 campaign .
The lightly armed police , who are being trained under US auspices and deployed in limited numbers with Israeli permission , are seen by many Palestinians as Israeli surrogates .
Therefore , they do not have the respect enjoyed by the force created by Arafat after he returned to the Palestinian territories in 1994 .
Israel 's war aim , say Palestinian analysts , is to assassinate or drive underground the Hamas leadership so , like the Palestinian Authority in 2002 , the movement is decapitated .
By striking the civilian police , Israel , they argue , destroys law and order imposed by Hamas when it seized control of the Strip in June 2007 .
Since then Hamas has stopped factional clashes and ended clan bullying and kidnapping , a major problem when Fatah was in charge .
By taking out the interior ministry and other administrative offices , Israel seeks to cut off Gazans from the de facto Hamas government led by prime minister Ismail Haniyeh .
By bombing the Islamic University , Israel intended to show Hamas that its key cultural asset can be demolished .
The overall Israeli objective is , Palestinians argue , to crush all resistance to Israel 's occupation and to force those who rule Gaza to cooperate with Israel as does the Fatah - led Palestinian Authority which , under President Mahmoud Abbas , has renounced violence as a means to end the Israeli occupation .
However , many Palestinians agree with Arafat 's actions when he steadfastly refused to abjure the armed struggle .
They believe " Israel only understands force " and argue that the first intifada , 1987 - 93 , which compelled Israel to sign the Oslo Accord providing for Israeli withdrawal from the lands occupied in 1967 , proved that the application of force can achieve results .
Therefore , the call by Hamas and Lebanon 's Hizbullah for a " third intifada " is likely to resonate with young Palestinians frustrated with their circumscribed lives , joblessness , penury and lack of a political horizon .
Do you like watermelons as much as the owner of this car ?
Also check out : Fat Car and Rainbow Made of Cars
The Associated Press
December 1 , 2008
This video report is in Icelandic , but you get the idea .
REYKJAVIK , Iceland : Thousands of Icelanders marked the 90th anniversary of their nation ’s sovereignty with angry protest Monday , and several hundred stormed the central bank to demand the ouster of bankers they blame for the country ’s spectacular economic meltdown .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Tiny Iceland has seen its banks and currency collapse in just a few weeks while prices and unemployment soar — leaving a country regarded as a model of Scandinavian prosperity in a state of shock .
“ The government played roulette and the whole nation has lost , ” writer Einar Mar Gudmundsson told a noisy but peaceful anti-government rally of several thousand people in downtown Reykjavik .
After the rally , hundreds of protesters stormed the headquarters of Sedlabanki , Iceland ’s central bank , demanding the sacking of its chief , David Oddsson .
The demonstrators staged an hour - long standoff with shield - wielding riot police inside the bank ’s lobby , singing songs and chanting “ Out with David ” and “ Power to the People . ”
The protest ended peacefully when both police and demonstrators agreed to withdraw .
Anti-government protests have been growing larger and angrier since Iceland ’s three main banks collapsed in October under the weight of huge debts amassed during years of rapid economic growth .
Since then the value of the country ’s currency , the krona , has plummeted .
Icelanders who grew used to buying houses and cars with easily available foreign - currency loans now struggle to repay them .
The cost of everyday goods is skyrocketing — furniture retailer Ikea hiked its prices by 25 percent
Read article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
If you 're a baseball fan you love or hate the Yankees ; if you 're a football fan you love or hate the Cowboys ; if you 're a restaurant fan you love or hate John Mariani of Esquire magazine .
Mariani is a widely popular writer who regularly provides lists of " 20 Best New Restaurants " or stuff like that for the magazine .
What pisses ( a lot of ) people off , though , is the way he goes about gathering info for those stories .
The Los Angeles Times did a lengthy wrap - up three years ago about how Mariani gets his meals free and non-anonymously .
" Assessing quality based on freebies is playing with a stacked deck , " the Times wrote , " as the chef whips his kitchen staff into show - off mode -- using better products , bigger portions and service to the max -- often to the detriment of the other diners . "
It 's a method Mariani has used in Houston , as we 've noted here ( second item ) .
Has he done it again ?
The latest issue of Esquire names Voice , in the Hotel Icon , as one of the 20 best new restaurants in the country .
That 's got some Mariani critics chuckling , because when we reported in 2005 that the Greater Houston Convention & Vistors Bureau had paid for Mariani 's flights , rooms and meals , he was staying at the Hotel Icon .
Part of his defense , in a letter to a journalism ethics site , was that he had n't even written about the Hotel Icon , so there .
( His other defense is that he 's not a run -of - the - mill critic , so he operates under different ethical guidelines .
" I do not function as a weekly restaurant critic ... whereby the rules of engagement are different , " he told the Press back then , and he 's stuck to that defense ever since , as has Esquire . )
But now he has written ( glowingly ) about the Hotel Icon .
What 's the deal ?
GHCVB spokeswoman Lindsey Brown says her organization did not bring in Mariani this time .
" He came down for the Texas Restaurants Association meeting ; he was the keynote speaker , " she tells Hair Balls .
Okay .
Keynote speakers typically get flights and hotel rooms comped .
But did he get freebies from Voice , and did he announce who he was so staff would know ?
Sandy Collet , marketing director for Hotel Icon , is n't saying .
She referred all questions to PR guy Stuart Rosenberg .
He has n't returned our call , but we 'll let you know if he does .
Update :
The call has been returned !
Rosenberg says Mariani paid for his meal ( news in itself ? ) , but he was n't exactly undercover : " John Mariani is pretty recognizable , so it'd be hard for him to walk into a restaurant not knowing who he was , " Rosenberg says .
" But we were aware he was coming .
But he made all his own reservations , came with guests and was a paying customer . "
-- Richard Connelly
Best touchscreen laptops 2020 : the best touchscreen laptops we 've tapped this year
Buying Guide Phablets might be the biggest craze , but if you want to do more with your touchscreen , then a laptop is the smart buy and we 've rounded up the best .
( CNN ) --
In 1993 , Romeo Dallaire was full of hope for the future of Rwanda .
Romeo Dallaire , now a Canadian senator , says that in Rwanda , he " shook hands with the devil . " more photos »
The Canadian lieutenant general and son of a soldier was about to take up the biggest command of his career -- leading United Nations peacekeepers in the central African nation .
A year later he left Rwanda a broken man , having watched helplessly as more than 800,000 people perished in Rwanda 's genocide despite his pleas for more troops to stop the massacre .
" We could have actually saved hundreds of thousands , " Dallaire told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour for " Scream Bloody Murder . "
" Nobody was interested . "
Dallaire 's mission was to monitor a peace deal between two warring ethnic groups , the Hutus and the Tutsis .
But the agreement was just a façade .
Hutu extremists within the government were stockpiling weapons , and Tutsi refugees had formed a rebel army .
Watch Dallaire describe how he could have stopped the genocide »
The Tutsis were a minority in Rwanda , and their plight was personal for Dallaire .
His Dutch mother had watched friends die in the Holocaust , and he had been raised on stories of heroic Canadian soldiers who brought hope to war - torn Europe .
A French Canadian raised in Montreal , Dallaire had experienced discrimination first - hand and was determined to protect the Tutsi minority .
But he soon found his was a lone voice .
On January 20 , 1994 , Dallaire made a chilling discovery :
An informant warned him that Hutu government agents were planning bloodshed .
" They were going to conduct an outright slaughter and elimination of the opposition , " Dallaire said .
Dallaire cabled his bosses in New York , warning that his informant " has been ordered to register all Tutsi in Kigali .
He suspects it is for their extermination . "
The informant described a major weapons cache , which Dallaire said he planned to raid in the next 36 hours .
Watch Dallaire describe the warnings from the informant »
Kofi Annan , then head of the U.N. Department of Peacekeeping Operations , was concerned about the safety of Dallaire 's limited U.N. force .
Annan 's office told Dallaire : " We cannot agree to the operation contemplated ... as it clearly goes beyond the mandate . "
Dallaire tried to change Annan 's mind , repeatedly exchanging faxes with New York through the rest of January and into February .
" Ultimately I got authority .
It took two months , and by then it was far too late , " Dallaire said .
In an interview with CNN , Annan explained his reasoning :
" When you 're operating in that sort of context with limited troops and facilities , you have to be careful what sort of risks they take , where everybody may even have to leave , and place a people at greater risk .
And in a way , this is what happened , " Annan said .
" Dallaire as a soldier , he 's a very good man , he 's a friend , and I respect his professional acumen .
One had to take all these factors into consideration before you take a decision .
Do the troops take this risk ?
Do they have the mandate ?
Do they have the resources ?
" Dallaire himself said , ' If I had had a brigade , which is 5,000 , I could have done a lot . '
He had a fraction that number . "
Asked why a brigade was n't sent , Annan said : " The brigade was not available .
The [ Security ] Council did not augment the troops .
In fact , they went the other way .
" We would have liked to see a larger force in .
I had had situations where I called 82 member states together , trying to get troops .
I got zilch . "
On April 6 , 1994 , a plane carrying the presidents of Rwanda and neighboring Burundi was shot down .
It was the moment the Hutu plotters had been waiting for -- the spark that ignited the genocide .
Watch as Dallaire describes how the genocide began »
Col .
Theoneste Bagosora , a Hutu extremist , immediately declared the army was in charge .
Within hours , government troops and civilian death squads began slaughtering Tutsis .
" We saw the extremists , the presidential guard and militias , going to specific houses ... and killing people or hauling people off , " Dallaire said .
He described the horror of getting phone calls from people he knew while they were under attack .
" As they were busting down the door and opening fire , " he said , " we would literally hear people dying at the end of the phone as they were trying to get through to us and we had literally nothing to send them . "
Dallaire also heard the Hutu government - run radio tell listeners that Tutsis were " nothing but cockroaches , " broadcasting names of people to be murdered and instructions on how to mutilate and kill them .
Watch Dallaire describe the radio instructions on mutilation and murder »
It was an echo of past genocides .
In Cambodia , the Khmer Rouge called their victims " worms . "
To the Nazis , Jews were " vermin . "
Dallaire says he and his troops moved through entire villages of dead , sometimes clearing paths through corpses with their bare hands .
" With my own hands I carried them , " he said .
" We carried them in our arms , we carried kids in our arms , and adults .
We were picking the bodies and moving them aside .
... There would be piles of bodies . "
Dallaire 's troops were also targets : 10 were killed in the first days of the genocide .
He was desperate for help , on the phone with New York several times a day , asking when reinforcements were coming .
Five days into the killing , some U.S. officials began to fear the worst .
A top Pentagon official wrote about the potential for " hundreds of thousands of deaths . "
A day later , a State Department memo warned of " a bloodbath . "
But instead of reinforcements , the United States joined a chorus of countries calling for withdrawal .
Washington 's taste for foreign intervention had soured .
Just months earlier in Somalia , two dozen Pakistani peacekeepers had been murdered .
United States commandos on the hunt for the killers had their Black Hawk helicopter shot down .
Eighteen U.S. soldiers were killed .
Americans were anxious to extricate themselves from Africa -- just as they had been in Southeast Asia decades before .
" The U.S. troops had been killed and dragged through the streets and humiliated , " Annan said .
" The governments were not prepared to take another risk and go into Rwanda . "
After two weeks of debate , Washington compromised and agreed to a token U.N. presence .
The result : The U.N. Security Council voted to reduce Dallaire 's already small force by 90 percent .
" In essence , they voted to allow the killers to continue , " said Michael Barnett , a professor who was on a fellowship at the U.N. at the time and studied its response to the genocide .
" The moment that the U.N. votes to withdraw , that 's when we see a real spike in the violence , " Barnett said .
" Because at that point it 's clear to the Rwandans ... that there will not be any cavalry over the horizon . "
In the fourth week of the killing , then U.N. Secretary General Boutros - Boutros Gali concluded that the mission was hopeless .
He ordered a pullout of all U.N. troops .
Dallaire refused .
" I refused a legal order , " Dallaire said .
" But it was immoral . "
Dallaire and his few hundred peacekeepers could do little except help humanitarian efforts and protect a small number of people , while he repeatedly and futilely attempted to negotiate a cease - fire .
As the United States and the United Nations stood by , the rebel Tutsi army fought back against the Hutu government .
In mid-July , 100 days of hell came to an end when Tutsi forces declared victory .
Weeks later , Dallaire asked to be relieved of his command .
The horrors of the genocide had taken its toll .
He was guilt - ridden , believing he should have done more to prevent the genocide .
In his book , " Shake Hands With The Devil : The Failure of Humanity in Rwanda , " Dallaire wrote : " Death became a desired option .
I hoped I would hit a mine or run into an ambush and just end it all .
I think some part of me wanted to join the legions of the dead , whom I had failed . "
Those thoughts of suicide followed him home to Canada .
Watch Dallaire describe how he dealt with thoughts of suicide »
In the preface of his book , Dallaire summed up his Rwanda experience , writing , " I know there is a God because in Rwanda I shook hands with the devil .
I have seen him , I have smelled him and I have touched him .
I know the devil exists , and therefore I know there is a God . "
Today Dallaire is a senator in the Canadian parliament and dedicates much of his time to an initiative to eradicate the use of child soldiers .
All About Genocide • Rwanda • The Holocaust
Sarah Palin left the national stage Wednesday , but the controversy over her role on the ticket flared as aides to John McCain disclosed new details about her expensive wardrobe purchases and revealed that a Republican Party lawyer would be dispatched to Alaska to inventory and retrieve the clothes still in her possession .
Tensions have simmered for much of the last month between aides loyal to McCain and those loyal to Palin , but they boiled over after the Republican nominee ’s defeat , as both sides spoke freely -- though anonymously -- about the wardrobe controversy and other conflicts .
FOR THE RECORD :
An article on Thursday in Section A about tensions between aides loyal to Sen. John McCain and those loyal to Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin erred in referring to communication between the camps regarding a telephone interview Palin had with a Canadian comedian who pretended to be French President Nicolas Sarkozy .
The story should have said , “ McCain aides said the Palin camp did not notify McCain ’s senior staff or the State Department about the supposed contact . ”
The word “ not ” was erroneously left out .
Two aides to McCain and two to Palin discussed the tensions but asked that their names not be revealed , saying they were not comfortable speaking openly about internal operations .
The miscommunication and quarrels between the two camps lasted into Tuesday night , said McCain aides familiar with the situation .
Palin arrived at the Arizona Biltmore planning to deliver a speech before McCain ’s concession speech , they said , but was told by senior McCain aides Steve Schmidt and Mark Salter that it would not be appropriate .
Fox News reported Wednesday that Palin ’s lack of knowledge on some topics also strained relations .
Carl Cameron reported that campaign sources told him Palin had resisted coaching before her faltering Katie Couric interviews ; did not understand that Africa was a continent rather than a country ; and could not name the three nations that are part of the North American Free Trade Agreement -- the United States , Canada and Mexico .
For weeks , the McCain - Palin campaign has dealt with the fallout from the disclosure that the Republican National Committee was billed for $ 150,000 in wardrobe purchases for the Palin family -- a discovery that was widely ridiculed and undercut Palin ’s hockey mom appeal .
Several McCain aides said they had recently discovered that Palin ’s traveling staff had used personal credit cards to spend as much as $ 20,000 to $ 30,000 on additional wardrobe items for Palin .
Palin and her press aides were traveling back to Alaska on Wednesday and could not be reached for comment .
But one aide earlier told Newsweek : “ Gov. Palin was not directing staffers to put anything on their personal credit cards , and anything that staffers put on their credit cards has been reimbursed , like an expense . ”
The original $ 150,000 in purchases was revealed in late October after the release of the September and October Federal Election Commission filings by the Republican National Committee .
Those reports revealed that more than $ 75,062.63 was spent at Neiman Marcus , $ 49,425.74 at Saks Fifth Avenue and $ 5,102.71 at Bloomingdale ’s around the time of the Republican National Convention in early September .
The campaign has said that many of those clothes were returned .
But McCain aides said Wednesday that spending on Palin ’s wardrobe continued well after the convention , with one custom - made outfit showing up around the time of her “ Saturday Night Live ” appearance on Oct. 18 .
As first reported by Newsweek on Wednesday , McCain aides said some of that money was spent on clothing for Palin ’s children and husband , Todd , who may have received between $ 20,000 and $ 40,000 in wardrobe purchases .
The money also included thousands of dollars in shoes .
Several aides also said the items included jewelry , but a Palin aide disputed that .
Top McCain aides Schmidt , Rick Davis and Nicolle Wallace were flabbergasted by the magnitude of the spending as the receipts began trickling into the Republican National Committee , aides said .
Wallace had arranged for a stylist to shop for Palin before the convention because the Alaska governor did not have a chance to return home after she was selected as McCain ’s running mate .
Aides familiar with the campaign ’s internal discussions said Wallace and other top aides authorized the purchase of three outfits for Palin to wear during convention week and three ensembles for the campaign trail .
But cost was to be kept to no more than $ 25,000 to $ 35,000 .
When Schmidt learned that Palin ’s staff was putting clothing purchases on personal credit cards , aides said he called them to stop it .
Palin aides tell a different story .
Several close to the governor said Wednesday that Palin was outraged by the amount of money being spent on her clothing and that she was naive about what the clothes cost .
“ The very first day of shopping , there was a $ 14,000 price tag and . . . she was absolutely shocked , ” one of the Palin aides said .
Palin was not pleased by what had been selected for her , the aide said , adding that “ a lot of that stuff that was purchased was never worn by her -- that was by her choice . ”
When the shopping spree hit the press , she appeared frustrated , telling audiences that she wears a lot of her own clothing and had n’t asked for the lavish purchases .
Resentments had started to brew earlier .
Palin was not comfortable with the team of handlers sent by party headquarters to manage her appearances , and there were frequent conflicts between the staff at headquarters and her traveling staff .
Palin felt constrained by the fact that she had little decision - making power , and questioned the directions being given to her by the campaign , an aide said .
In an interview with CNN on Wednesday , Palin denied that there were tensions with the McCain camp .
But that is at odds with accounts from aides on both sides .
The strain worsened , the aides said , after Palin was recorded talking to a Canadian comedian who pretended to be French President Nicolas Sarkozy .
Campaign staffers said McCain ’s top aides were blindsided by the call , which they said was approved by Palin foreign policy aide Steve Biegun .
McCain aides said the Palin camp did notify McCain ’s senior staff or the State Department about the supposed contact .
Outraged , Schmidt organized a conference call .
He demanded to know who had arranged the call , and questioned why anyone would have agreed to such an unusual request and then failed to clear it with top staff , McCain aides said .
Biegun immediately took responsibility .
In an interview Wednesday , he said some aides at McCain headquarters were in fact aware of the call , and that it had been on the schedule for “ a couple days . ”
“ I was fooled , ” he said .
“ No one ’s going to beat me up more than I beat myself up for setting up the governor like that . ”
Reston and Mehta are Times staff writers .
maeve.reston@latimes.com
seema.mehta@latimes.com
NEW DELHI : Fears of a Taliban takeover of the Peshawar town is top news in Pakistan media .
The threat of the Taliban 's influence is increasing by the day , report newspapers such as the Peshawar - based Frontier Post and the Karachi - based Daily Times .
They say that if Peshawar were to go under , there will be " virtual civil war " .
" The attacks ( on Nato supplies outside Peshawar ) have also forced many people to believe that the fall of the city to the Taliban was imminent if the situation persisted , " says Daily Times .
In its Eid editorial , the Frontier Post laments the state of the nation .
" The people of Pakistan are also living in trepidation and fear from terrorists and suicide bombers who have wreaked havoc in the country .
Throughout the Muslim world , people do not matter in the scheme of things of the rulers , but in Pakistan people have to suffer on every count .
Corruption of all descriptions and dimensions and at all levels has spread like cancer in the society .
Society is divided vertically , horizontally as well as diagonally on ethnic , sectarian and regional lines . "
Writing in the Frontier Post , retired brigadier Liaqat Ali Toor suggests that terrorism will end once the contentious issues are resolved in strife - torn regions such as Kashmir , Palestine etc .
" Terrorism will continue to breed so long as the world 's leading powers treat the humanity of weaker nations as less human than their own citizens , " he says .
A Daily Times feature gets nostalgic about the decline of the famous Qissa Khawani Bazaar of Peshawar due to terrorism .
The market gets its name from the tales , which travellers used to hear from professional storytellers during their stay in the city since ancient times .
The storytellers became a part of folklore with the passage of time .
Now only their legend survives in bazaar ' Qissa Khawani ' or the ' street of storytellers . '
Introduction
Leave your beliefs on second amendment rights here -- this is n't about guns , this article is about the gun locks many rely on to keep their families and themselves safe .
Now , in one sense it is accurate to say that guns do not kill ; people do .
This is especially true when children have access to firearms .
For this reason , statutes now mandate that a gun lock be provided with every handgun that is sold .
Law enforcement agencies have gone one step further ; under a program funded by the Justice Department , a cable lock is provided for the asking by many law enforcement agencies in the country .
This initiative is called Project ChildSafe .
In interviews with representatives of Project ChildSafe , I was advised that the cable locks that they provide have been tested pursuant to ASTM and California DOJ standards , and " there never has been a problem " ( other than the 2001 CPSC recall of 400,000 units , due to the fact they could be opened by rapping them on a hard surface ) .
In my opinion the answer " we have never had a problem " does not address some very real issues people need to be concerned about when it comes to gun safety : low standards of security coupled with the cheap design of many of gun locks makes for a dire hazard .
When I told Project ChildSafe that these gun locks could be bypassed in a few seconds and that the cables could be compromised in less time than specified in the California DOJ standard , I was again told that the lock was secure and that it would be irresponsible to show how to defeat the mechanisms .
I was also told that because I was an expert , my opinion in this regard really was not relevant -- the implication was that although I could open these locks , kids could not .
Oh really ?
See the following video , wherein an untrained 11 year old breaks into three widely distributed gun locks .
Know your gun locks
But why are gun locks , of all locks , so insecure to begin with ?
Conclusion
After speaking with high level representatives that work for DOJ and a supervising employee of one of the certified testing laboratories , it is clear that Project ChildSafe / California testing criteria could be characterized as a minimal attempt to placate manufacturers , gun owners and the public .
In other words , these " standards " reached the lowest common denominator of protection .
As is usually the case , everyone involved compromised so as to pass the initiative , and I would argue that your security wound up as the loser .
There are two primary types of locks to protect handguns and rifles : trigger locks ( top ) that are supposed to prevent the trigger from being pulled , and cable locks ( bottom ) to prevent the firing of a weapon by blocking the barrel or the use of ammunition .
We have evaluated several popular locks to assess their security , including the Project ChildSafe PCS GL710N , Master 109 , and Adstar model AB106B and AB105 .
What we found continues to amaze and trouble us : many of these locks can be removed in seconds with little skill .
No real expertise is required , nor is locksmith training .
Reference manuals are not needed -- there is already plenty of information on the internet for kids to find and read .
What 's more , major manufacturers of popular locks such as Master , Winner International , Remington , Hoppes , and Franzen Security Products have designed their products with virtually identical operating features ; they have effectively copied each others ' deficient or defective designs .
( The Franzen lock above is easily compromised even with a piece of paper or plastic -- sound familiar ? )
As demonstrated in the accompanying report , these can be compromised in seconds with an ice pick or long and thin screwdriver .
To make matters worse , I demonstrated the removal of some of these locks from my Glock 9 mm by slamming the butt against a hard surface .
It was no problem to cause the lock to fly apart , exposing the trigger .
In my view , these locks constitute a serious threat to the security of every child that has physical access to any weapon supposedly protected by these devices .
( Responsible gun owners keep their guns in a secure gun safe with locks that cannot be opened by ball point pens or bump keys .
Experts also caution that no gun should be left in a loaded condition -- obviously ! )
All that is true and yet we still continue to experience injuries and death from gun accidents , which is precisely why California has mandated regulations for Firearm Safety Devices .
But none of these standards in my view , adequately protect against two serious " real world " threats : lock bumping , and simple compromise of the cables .
Anecdotally , when I demonstrated the problem with the Project ChildSafe cable locks to our county sheriff , he responded by immediately developing warning labels for every lock that his department gives away , cautioning every user not to rely on the device for any measure of security , but rather to utilize an approved gun safe .
In response to findings by the Consumer Product Safety Commission about seven years ago and the California standards , Master Lock and many other companies designed a better trigger lock ( and other types of devices ) that could not be removed in the fashion that was demonstrated by the eleven year old .
So why are the companies still selling their junk locks for guns if better designs are available ?
Good question .
When I interviewed one major manufacturer ( and former client ) about making their locks more secure , they stated that they did not sell enough of them to justify the expenditure .
Profit before safety should not be the rule when we are talking about guns and kids .
Locks that cost a couple of dollars to produce can never protect anyone or anything .
In this instance , poor engineering and the desire for profits can kill .
As a consumer , you might ask why you should n't use the more secure California certified Master Lock model 106 ( or equivalent ) to protect your weapon ?
Simple : as with many other locks , the 106 employs a cylinder that I am sure costs less than one dollar ; again , the manufacturers ( and Master Lock knows better ) continue to do it on the cheap , utilizing an easily compromised four pin tumbler cylinder that is employed in most of their less expensive padlocks .
Even Project ChildSafe locks can be easily bypassed by a simple and quite readily available bump key .
Granted , not every lock on the market can probably be characterized as severely vulnerable , but based upon the typical lock design I would suspect a high percentage can be rapidly opened .
And we know a child can bump open locks , compliments of our friends at Kwikset and many other manufacturers !
Unfortunately , in this case , these inexpensive locks can result in catastrophic consequences .
And remember the brilliant design of the Targus Armored cable lock we compromised last year ?
The one that was supposed to be impervious to attacks on its cable because of its superior strength ?
Well , some of the Project ChildSafe locks employ the same type of armored cable ; ostensibly a good idea , but in practice not particularly secure .
One must merely bend the cable over upon itself with a pair of pliers and the armored rings can actually be used to help sever the inner cable .
No wire cutters required .
Yes , it is better than nothing ( maybe ) , but it also creates a false sense of security .
I laud the California legislature , U.S. and California DOJ , and Project ChildSafe for their efforts to protect guns and kids .
But California should have drafted real standards and done more research to assess vulnerability of some of these devices that they certify as secure .
In my view , the standards do not go far enough .
Gunlocks , unlike most other types of devices , present a unique risk of harm especially to children when they are improperly designed or cheaply made .
In my view , virtually none of the inexpensive consumer - grade trigger or cable locks are secure .
The false sense of security shades the truth , which is that they should not be relied upon for any measure of protection in rendering lethal weapons inoperable .
We all know that guns are an attractive nuisance for children .
That is why the California legislature led the nation and enacted laws to protect kids .
Gun lock manufacturers should act responsibly and either fix the design deficiencies and defects in their products or withdraw them from the market before tragedy results , either from accidental or intentional discharge of a weapon .
Likewise , retail outlets should refuse to sell gun locks that are not properly engineered .
I would urge Project ChildSafe to push for more stringent testing requirements for these devices .
They have an excellent program so why not distribute locks that are really secure ?
A gun lock can be made to properly protect a weapon .
Just saving one kid would be worth all the effort .
Further information is available at in.security.org Marc Weber Tobias is an investigative attorney and security specialist living in Sioux Falls , South Dakota .
He represents and consults with lock manufacturers , government agencies and corporations in the U.S. and overseas regarding the design and bypass of locks and security systems .
He has authored five police textbooks , including Locks , Safes , and Security , which is recognized as the primary reference for law enforcement and security professionals worldwide .
The second edition , a 1400 page two - volume work , is utilized by criminal investigators , crime labs , locksmiths and those responsible for physical security .
A ten-volume multimedia edition of his book is also available online .
His website is security.org , and he welcomes reader comments and email .
From Git SCM
Wiki
Blog posts on Git ( usage )
A lot of blog posts related to Git usage have been published since the project 's birth .
This page attempts to maintain a collection of contained and useful single posts which solve specific problems .
Please try to make the link description as accurate and descriptive as possible .
Setup
Switching to Git and SCMs interaction
Portability
Usage
Advanced stuff
Praise
Like everybody else , the git developers like to be praised from time to time , too .
Abstract
In this first part of the series , Xianzhong Zhu examines the construction of a Google Notebook , like Web 2.0 , application with the help of the two famous Ajax frameworks - Prototype and script.aculo.us .
He begins with a short introduction to Web Tags and Prototype .
He then examines the various steps required to build the application with the help of source codes and relevant screenshots and also provides a short overview of the database design , stored procedures and System Design .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
11/06/2008
Video : Reasoned rage
by Jeremy Hooper
Proposition 8 's egregious passage led Californians in at least two cities to take to the streets in principled protest .
Here 's some footage from various Youtubers :
West Hollywood :
San Francisco :
We have not yet begun to fight .
SEE ALSO : Andy Towle has a report from both rallies :
MORE : Japhy Grant has a firsthand take , as well as a concerning police v. protester photo :
Los Angeles Police Department Attacks Prop. 8 Protesters [ Flaming Politics ]
Your thoughts
I was there ( in West Hollywood ) .
My wife was detained by the cops for blocking traffic , although they eventually let her go .
I was at the head of the protest on Hollywood and Highland and saw the cops beat the crap out of people that were already on the ground .
This is n't over .
Posted by : Kim | Nov 6 , 2008 12:17:33 PM
You missed the Sacramento news ?
The protest there ?
So ...via the political process the people of CA vote to insert the definition of real marriage into the CA Constitution .
So ... to circumvent the legal will of the people you ' loving ' gay activists will resort to open rebellion , civil unrest and anarchy to scream until you get your way .
Well , we wo n't give in to your tyranny .
Lawlessness will not prevail .
Count on Yes on 8 supporters in Sacramento to counter any of the shenanigans we know of there ...
Posted by : Openly4830 | Nov 6 , 2008 2:51:10 PM
Nice spin there , Openly4830 .
But " the real definition " was not inserted -- BIAS was .
And the people do not have the right to tyrannically stifle minority rights .
Game on , buddy .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Nov 6 , 2008 3:19:47 PM
When two people of the same sex can re-produce naturally without the aid of a test tube , a sperm donor or a mad scientist , then I will accept Gay Marriage .
Until then , I will remain convinced that marriage is a union between a man and a woman for the purpose of pro-creation .
Anything else is either a mental or a genetic disorder .
It would like to isolate all of you " alternative lifestyle " people on a deserted island and allow you to defile each other until you died off from disease and infertility .
Any children produced by the Bi-Sexual among you would quickly become objects of lust and would likewise be infected by the sexual diseases that are sure to run rampant through a community such as that , this would be an unavoidable side effect .
Perhaps , one day , in the not too distant future , this will become a reality .
Posted by : Cowtown Rebel | Nov 12 , 2008 7:10:49 AM
There 's nothing " egregious " about Nov. 4 's pro-man / woman marriage electoral SWEEP .
Traditional marriage won fair and square .
Queer mobs ( and their " allies " ) are " egregious . "
Posted by : Toto | Nov 17 , 2008 5:58:38 PM
Yes , Toto .
It is egregious ( no quotes ) .
And we 're fairly certain that a reasoned court of law will mete out proper justice .
Cowtown : Your words are not even worth it .
But thanks - - they do help our side immeasurably .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Nov 17 , 2008 6:11:47 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
超高速インターネット衛星 「 きずな 」 （WINDS）によるE - Mail伝送実験
「 宇宙から、メリークリスマス」イベント実施について
（独）宇宙航空研究開発機構（以下、JAXA）は、超高速インターネット衛星「きずな」（WINDS）の基本実験の一環として、このたび初めてE-Mail伝送実験を実施します。そこで「きずな」に対して広くみなさまに親しみをもっていただきたく、「きずな」を経由させるメール配信実験への参加を募集いたします。
1．実験内容
「 宇宙から、メリークリスマス 」
〜超高速インターネット衛星「きずな」を使ったE−Mail伝送実験にあなたも参加してみませんか〜
(1) クリスマスのメッセージメールを家族・友人・知人等に送信する参加者をWEBサイト上にて募集します。
(2) 募集期間中に登録いただいた各送信先のアドレスやイラストカード等をいったんJAXA内のサーバにて保存し、平成20年12月24日にまとめて「きずな」へ向けて伝送します。
(3) 「 きずな」への送信はJAXA筑波宇宙センターに設置した地球局から行います。「きずな」で中継したメールはもう一方の地球局で受信し、JAXAのメールサーバを経由して相手先に届けられます。
※メッセージは迷惑メール悪用防止のために自由文ではなく、定型カードイメージを募集サイト上で選択していただきます。（画像添付という形で先方に送られます。）
※固定本文には「きずな」から送られてきたメールです、という内容の文章が入ります。（6．をご参照）
(1) 実験参加者のお名前（本名でもハンドルネームでも可。）
(2) 実験参加者の電子メールアドレス（携帯でもパソコンでも可。）
(3) 送信先のメールアドレス（携帯でもパソコンでも可。）
(4) 定型デザインカードの選択（8．をご参照）
※1回の申込みで5名様のあて先まで送付できます。
※送付先が携帯メールアドレスの場合は受取人にてドメイン指定等の制限がかかっていると届かない場合もありますのであらかじめご了承ください。ドメイン受信指定する場合は[jaxa.jp]の受信を指定していただくようお願いします。
※ 「 参加者様の名前等 」 「参加者様のメールアドレス」がメール本文中に表示されます。
※ 「きずな」からのメッセージはいったんJAXAの地球局で受信をし、地上ネットワーク経由にて各端末へ送信されます。直接「きずな」から個々のパソコン、携帯への配信ではありません。
（実験システムのイメージは次ページのとおり）
（実験システムのイメージは次ページのとおり）
※登録いただきましたメールアドレスにつきましては本実験以外には使用いたしません。
※本件は実験であり都合により実施できないこともありますのであらかじめご了承ください。
【実験イメージ概要 】
2．募集期間 平成20年12月4日（木）〜平成20年12月22日（月）17時まで3．メール送信日
平成20年12月24日（水）4．参加方法 以下のキャンペーンサイトから、必要事項をご記入の上、お申し込みください。宇宙利用ミッション本部公開ホームページトップからの入口JAXA
公開ホームページトップからの入口参加お申し込みサイト直接のURLは以下です。5．必要記入事項6．メール本文の一例パソコンメール及び携帯メール用の固定本文は以下の予定です。パソコンメールの本文ではリンク先が“ JAXAモバイル「衛星 INFO 」 ” ではなく 、“ JAXA ホームペー ジ ” （パソコン用）になります。7．その他
8．カードデザイン（パソコン用・携帯用）◆パソコンメール用◆携帯メール用
Senator : ' As far as I 'm concerned , ' Cheney admitted condoning torture David Edwards and Diane Sweet
Published : Thursday December 18 , 2008
Print This Email This Vice President Dick Cheney confessed to approving torture , Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Carl Levin ( D - MI ) told MSNBC 's Rachel Maddow Wednesday night .
During an interview with ABC News on Monday evening , Cheney had said " I supported it , " referring to the practice known as " waterboarding , " a form of simulated drowning .
" I was aware of the program , certainly , and involved in helping get the process cleared , as the agency in effect came in and wanted to know what they could and could n't do , " Cheney said .
" And they talked to me , as well as others , to explain what they wanted to do .
And I supported it . "
" Did he just admit to condoning torture ? " Maddow queries .
" As far as I 'm concerned , that 's exactly what he admitted , " Levin said after a pause to shut his eyes , and shake his head as if still in disbelief .
" Now he 'll say that he does n't admit supporting torture , " Levin added , " but facts are that the policies which were approved , the legal opinions authorized these harsh techniques , and when the Vice President of the United States says that he believes -- and he said that what , just a few nights ago -- that waterboarding is ' appropriate , ' there is no other conclusion that I can reach other than I know it 's a form of torture , it 's been acknowledged as a form of torture I think since the Inquisition .
Senator McCain who was the subject of torture is absolutely clear on it , but I think every authority on waterboarding and torture will say that waterboarding constitutes ' torture . ' "
Senator Levin oversaw an 18 - month long investigation into the Bush administrations torture policy that established that the abuse of prisoners at Abu Ghraib , and Guantanamo Bay resulted from policies introduced by George W. Bush .
Levin spoke on the need for further investigations , and the ultimate necessity for indictments in order to hold those responsible for torture policies accountable .
" You can't suddenly change something that 's illegal into something that is legal by having a lawyer write an opinion saying it 's legal , " Levin said later .
" Do there need to be prosecutions ? "
Maddow asked , steering the discussion towards the possibility of prosecution and indictments by noting that the Armed Services Committee report on the treatment of U.S. detainees seemed as if its purpose had been the gathering facts for an indictment .
Levin spoke hopefully that the Obama administration would take some " major steps " as " clearly this Justice Department is not willing , " and the need for an independent commission that could be appointed by the Obama administration to examine the role of the CIA in the treatment of U.S. detainees as their role has not yet been made clear .
Then with all the facts they " may or may not lead to indictments , or civil action . "
" You heard the " I " word here , " Maddow concludes .
" Indictments ! "
This video is from MSNBC's The Rachel Maddow Show , broadcast Dec. 17 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Whether you ’re a coffee drinker or tea drinker , there ’s one thing everyone can agree on :
The mug you use to drink your beverage of choice is just as important as the brand you like , the amount of milk and sugar you take , and your favorite biscuits to go with your drink .
To take you away from the boredom of everyday mugs , and to provide some additional options for the newly addicted , here ’s a collection of mugs that are unique and practical at the same time .
MyCuppa Mug - Tea and Coffee
This mug is useful on so many levels .
Whether you have just started drinking coffee and need a guide to help you try different versions before you pick one , or you ’re just not that good at measuring ratios and do n’t want to bring out the measuring cups every time you make coffee , this mug is there to help you .
This mug also makes a great gift for someone else because after all , it ’s not just a mug , it ’s a guarantee that you ’ll never get their coffee wrong again .
Skase Teacup Set
The concept behind the Skase teacup set is as beautiful as the resulting product .
Watson describes his creation as based on the idea of symbiosis , i.e. , just because two different elements have had a prolonged association , that does n’t mean they necessarily benefit each other .
Applying that concept to the relationship between a ( flat - based ) teacup and a saucer , Watson has removed both the flat base and the saucer while giving the cup a unique design without taking away the balance and stability .
Dunk Mug with Biscuit Holder
Drinking coffee or tea should never be a hassle .
Who wants to bother with saucers and plates , laying out biscuits , and so on ?
With this dunk mug , you dont have to worry .
No more handling extra saucers or dealing with boxes of biscotti , or even extra washing .
The idea is so clever , and though not revolutionary , so utterly simple and useful that you have to wonder , why did n’t anyone think of it before ?
Crinkle Cups by Robert Brandt
The concept for these cups is n’t entirely new .
Take something disposable , redo it in something reusable and voila you have a coffee cup that also serves as a pop art conversation piece .
However , the crinkle cups concept from Robert Brandt is not only one of the designs that started this trend , but to this day remains one of the best realization of the concept .
First introduced in 1975 , the cups are still popular both for drinking water , wine , and espressos , but are also equally popular for making a statement about our disposable culture .
Alcatraz Replica Mug
These tin cups were used in prisoners ’ cells and dining halls for the simple reasons that they are both durable , and unlike ceramic cups ( which can be broken and made into weapons ) , these are largely safe for a closed environment containing large numbers of people with violent tendencies .
If you like this replica mug , you should also check out our collection of ‘ jail hotels ‘ where as the name suggests , you pay to be in prison !
Amazing Self - Stirring Coffee Mug
The self - stirring coffee mug really is awesome .
All you do is pour in the coffee , add the cream and sugar , and press a button .
Voila !
Now need for a spoon or a stirring stick , the mug does the job for you , which also means less washing for you .
I Am Not A Paper Cup
‘ I am not a paper cup , I promise !’ says this mug , but on the surface , it ’s hard to believe .
However , if you look deeper , you ’ll see that this mug , made with two layers of porcelain that keeps your coffee warm and your hands protected from the hot beverage , and a silicone cap that is flexible and reusable , is really quite fantastic .
Not only that , but you can also make the difference , environmentally , with all the paper cups , plastic caps , and cup holders you ’re going avoid .
Stacked Coffee Mugs
Love your triple espresso but do n’t want to keep refilling ?
This stack of three coffee mug is just the thing you need .
The mug holds 8 oz .
and is just the kind of thing that will get the conversation going and help your high tea stand out from the others .
Global Warming Mug
Many people can’t really get their day going until they ’ve had their morning cup of coffee .
Why not drink that morning power - up from a mug that is both cool to observe , and thought - provoking at the same time ?
As you pour the hot coffee into the mug , you can see exactly what the world will look like if we continue to abuse our planet and the polar ice caps melt .
Check it out in action !
On - Off Mug
This mug , covered with heat sensitive pigment , changes from black to white ( or vice versa ) depending on whether it ’s full or not , and how full it is .
Furthermore , it also shows ‘ on ’ or ‘ off ’ as you fill it , or gulp the coffee / tea down .
This , of course , comes in handy in preventing spills as you can tell which mugs on the table are full and which are empty .
However , since the pigment is activated by heat , do n’t expect it to work at room temperature .
Bonus : The Pessimist ’s Mug
The pessimist ’s mug can be used as a reminder to yourself to stay optimistic , or given as a gag gift to your favorite Debbie Downer .
Whether you use it as a joke or for personal development , the mug can be powerful in its otherwise humorous message .
In Manhattan , they ’re asking what happened to the “ Pepsi - Cola ” sign .
In Queens , they ’re asking what happened to the “ aloC- ispeP ” sign .
In both cases , the answer is that it has been temporarily dismantled and will be reinstalled nearby .
In any case , the Hunters Point waterfront will not lose this distinctive , ruby - red , 120 - foot - long , 72 - year - old presence .
News of its deconstruction has been circulating at least since July , when it appeared on Andrew Fine ’s Fine Blog and was picked up by Curbed .
But the actual dismantling , which began last month , took some New Yorkers by surprise .
( O.K. , let ’s be honest ; it took some of our colleagues here at The Times by surprise .
That ’s why they asked us to look into it . )
Designed by the Artkraft Strauss Sign Corporation , the sign once crowned Pepsi ’s Hunters Point bottling plant , which closed in 1999 and was later demolished .
In part because of strong interest from the Landmarks Preservation Commission , the sign was re-erected nearby at what was always intended to be an interim location .
It is still owned and maintained by PepsiCo , whose stewardship was praised in 2003 by Robert B. Tierney , the commission chairman .
“ People actually liked living directly behind it , ” said Jon McMillan , the director of planning at the Rockrose Development Corporation , which has been redeveloping the area with residential buildings .
“ It ’s open enough that it ’s easy to see through and around . ”
He said that Rockrose would not even have minded if the sign had stayed in place , but that the design of a waterfront park could not be changed to accommodate its presence in the current spot .
Instead , it will be moved slightly to the north , where it will stand in front of Rockrose ’s East Coast 7 project , a 24 - story , 300 - apartment building that is scheduled to be completed in 2011 .
Mr. McMillan said that in the apartments directly behind the sign , only the bedrooms will face west , overlooking the sign directly .
As the building rises and clears the top of the sign , it will cantilever outward , so that living rooms have a view of Manhattan — unimpeded or unadorned , depending on whether or not you think young .
PORT MORESBY : Frustrated women in Papua New Guinea 's Highland region are killing their male babies to end a tribal fight that has warred for more than 20 years .
Two women from the Eastern Highlands told PNG's National newspaper of the slaughter during a three - day peace and reconciliation course in the region 's capital , Goroka .
Rona Luke and Kipiyona Belas , each from two warring tribes , said the male infanticide reduces the cyclical payback violence infamous in Highlands tribal fights .
The contingency plans , he said , provide the new president a variety of possible responses to certain situations rather than a specific course of action .
“ It ’s a menu of contingencies and potential options , ” he said .
“ It ’s not exhaustive , and it ’s not exclusive , and it ’s not prescriptive , as if to say , ‘ These are the only things you can do . ’ ”
Mr. Bush said Tuesday that a top priority in his final days in office is to help Mr. Obama get ready to govern .
“ We care about him , ” he said in an interview with CNN .
“ We want him to be successful , and we want the transition to work . ”
A spokeswoman for Mr. Obama ’s office said she had no comment .
But other Democrats working with the transition said they appreciated the Bush team ’s efforts .
“ This does n’t absolve the Bush administration of some of their judgments they ’ve made over the years , but this is the right thing to do , ” said a Democrat close to the transition who did not want to be named to avoid alienating the team .
“ This is when enlightened self - interest works . ”
Mr. Cressey , who has been a critic of Mr. Bush ’s national security policy , said : “ I give them a lot of points for doing this .
There could be zero down time for the new team coming in . ”
The attention to national security in this postelection interim period stems in part from the recognition that terrorists have struck during moments of flux in national leadership before .
Al Qaeda ’s first attack on the World Trade Center in 1993 came weeks after Mr. Clinton was sworn in .
A series of bombings on a Madrid commuter train system in 2004 came three days before national elections .
And an attack on a Glasgow airport in 2007 came days after Prime Minister Gordon Brown took office in Britain .
Here in the United States , the Department of Homeland Security declared the fall election and transition a period of heightened alert because of the concern .
Under the authority granted by intelligence legislation Mr. Bush signed in 2004 , the government has processed security clearances for Obama transition officials earlier than ever before and Mr. Obama has named his top nominees faster than any other modern president - elect .
Beyond terrorism , Mr. Obama could face an early unexpected international test on any number of fronts , as his running mate , Joseph R. Biden Jr. , predicted on the campaign trail .
During the transition between the administrations of the first President Bush and Mr. Clinton , a humanitarian crisis in Somalia prompted Mr. Bush to send United States troops to intervene .
Police have arrested two people in Nottinghamshire over the leak of the BNP membership list on the internet .
The arrests came as part of an investigation by the Welsh police , who are in charge of the case , and the information commissioner 's office .
Police said the pair , who have not been named , were held in connection with alleged offences under the Data Protection Act .
A spokesman for Dyfed Powys police said : " We can confirm that last night Nottinghamshire police arrested two people as part of a joint investigation with Dyfed Powys police and the information commissioner 's office in conjunction with alleged criminal offences under the Data Protection Act .
" The arrests followed an investigation into a complaint received about the unauthorised release of the BNP party membership list . "
The revelation of the party 's 13,500 - strong membership list last month caused an uproar after thousands of people were identified as supporters of the far right .
The exposure left many facing the risk of dismissal from work , disciplinary action or vilification .
The list , which was thought to include those who had expressed an interest in the party but had not signed up , included the names of police officers , solicitors , a doctor and a number of teachers .
As well as names and addresses , the list included details such as home and mobile phone numbers and email addresses .
The BNP said the list dated from 2007 and some people on it were no longer members .
The party leader , Nick Griffin , claimed that he knew the identity of the person who published the list , describing him as a " hardliner " senior employee who left the party last year .
The BNP is known to go to considerable lengths to conceal the identities of its members .
Membership lists are held on computer spreadsheets , usually by an official based in York .
Limited lists are sent to local organisers as encrypted attachments to emails that can be accessed only by officials who have been given a password .
Transcript :
Turtle : Um .. excuse me ...
Danae : ?
How did you manage to get yourself stuck up there ?
Turtle : Well ... it 's a long story ... but if you help me , I 'll grant you 3 wishes .
Danae :
You have a deal , magic turtle !
Turtle :
Thanks , kid .
Danae : Wait ... what about my three wishes ?
Turtle : C'mon ... do n't you think I could 've gotten myself out of that predicament if I had magic powers ?
Joe :
So how 's our day going , Danae ?
Danae : Well ...
I think I learned how the stock market works .
Spain and Portugal , with the region of Extremadura in Spain in red .
Si Portugal es de interés estratégico para Extremadura , también lo es la lengua portuguesa , que al presidente Fernández Vara le gustaría que se convirtiera tras el inglés en la segunda por número de estudiantes .
El portugués « hay que declararlo como lengua estratégica para Extremadura » , dice el presidente en vísperas de su visita a Lisboa .
Para ello hay que extender su enseñanza tanto en la formación voluntaria ( escuelas oficiales de idiomas , universidades populares ) como en la educación reglada desde primaria .
Actualmente el inglés es la lengua extranjera más estudiada , después el francés y en tercer lugar el portugués .
El asunto de este último debería someterse a un debate público para después fomentar su enseñanza ; en la radiotelevisión pública extreme ña emitir programas en portugués , etc .
Portugal a la vez quiere incrementar la enseñanza allí del español .
Studying the easily - learned language of your closest neighbor to gain a strategic advantage makes sense to me For what happens when Spanish and Portuguese are used side - by - side long enough , see Portuñol / Portunhol If Portugal is of strategic interest for Extremadura , then so is the Portuguese language , in that president Fernández Vara would like to see it switched to second place after English by numbers of students .
Portuguese " should be declared as a strategic language for Extremadura " , said the president on the eve of his visit to Lisbon .
To do this its study must be extended both in volunteer training ( official language schools , public universities ) as well as formal education from primary school .
Currently English is the most - studied foreign language , followed by French and Portuguese is in third place .
The latter ( Portuguese ) should undergo a public debate for how to later promote its study ; to broadcast programs in public radio and television in Extremadura , etc.
Portugal at the same time wants to increase the study of Spanish there .
Alex Lantier
WSWS
October 31 , 2008
In a remarkable speech on nuclear policy delivered October 28 at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace ( CEIP ) , US Defense Secretary Robert Gates painted a dire portrait of international affairs and argued that Washington should expand the doctrine of pre-emptive war formulated by the Bush administration to include possible nuclear strikes .
It is widely rumored that , in the likely event that Democrat Barack Obama wins next week ’s US presidential election , Obama will keep Gates as defense secretary .
Gates ’ speech , given in the waning days of the Bush presidency , has the character of a policy declaration of the next US administration .
Gates began by making extended and ominous parallels between the world situation today and that which prevailed at the founding of the Carnegie Institute in 1910 , four years before the outbreak of World War I .
At the time , he noted , Wall Street was passing through the panic of 1910 - 1911 and facing a credit crisis , the US had recently put down an insurgency in the Philippines at a cost of 4,200 American lives , comparable to today ’s US death toll in Iraq , and “ Europe was arming itself to the teeth and forming a series of alliances whose implications were obvious to anyone who cared to look . ”
Gates argued that the pacifist illusions promoted by CEIP founder Andrew Carnegie — a US steel magnate at the turn of the 20th century , most famous in the working class movement for the brutal suppression of the 1892 Homestead strike against his company — — should not deter Washington from planning broader war .
He noted , “ In August of 1913 , Carnegie said that ‘ the only measure required today for the maintenance of world peace is an agreement between three or four of the leading civilized powers … pledged to cooperate against disturbers of world peace . ' ”
Gates pointed out that , writing four years later to President Woodrow Wilson , who had been elected in 1916 on a platform of keeping the US out of the world war , “ the same Andrew Carnegie encouraged the president in the strongest terms to declare war , because , he wrote , ‘ There is only one straight way of settlement . ' ”
Turning to US nuclear policy , Gates said , “ As long as others have nuclear weapons , we must maintain some level of these weapons ourselves : to deter potential adversaries , and to reassure over two dozen allies and partners who rely on our nuclear umbrella for their security — making it unnecessary for them to develop their own . ”
This comment gives a sense of the highly tense and unstable character of international relations , and the paranoia of US officials .
Gates ’ fears about the spread of nuclear weapons are not limited to existing programs of “ potential adversaries , ” among which Gates included “ rogue states such as North Korea and Iran , or Russian or Chinese strategic modernization programs . ”
His fears extend to the nuclear policy of all states , including current US allies .
Gates later repeated this point : “ We simply can not predict the future . [… ] our adversaries and other nations will always seek whatever advantages they can find .
Knowing that , we have to be prepared for contingencies we have n’t even considered . ”
Gates ’ list of US - friendly states that have chosen not to develop nuclear weapons was significant : South Korea , Taiwan , Brazil , Argentina , South Africa , and Libya .
Two of the most obvious such countries — ex - World War II enemies Japan and Germany — were not included .
Gates did not explain what political factors induced him to omit them .
Gates then issued a remarkable threat : “ As long as other states have or seek nuclear weapons — and can potentially threaten us , our allies and friends — then we must have a deterrent capacity that makes it clear that challenging the US in the nuclear arena — or with other weapons of mass destruction — could result in an overwhelming , catastrophic response .
According to Gates , the US must be able to credibly threaten a nuclear holocaust against any state that “ challenges ” the US in the nuclear arena or with other “ weapons of mass destruction . ”
By his own words , such a challenge does not require a nation to threaten to attack the US .
It does not even require that a nation possess nuclear weapons or other WMD .
It is enough for a nation merely to “ seek ” such weapons for it to become a potential target for a preemptive “ overwhelming , catastrophic response ” from the United States .
Such a doctrine has immense implications not only for US nuclear weapons programs , but for the totality of US foreign policy .
It stipulates that every foreign power in the world must believe that attempting to develop nuclear weapons invites US nuclear attack .
Thus , the US would arguably be obliged to attack with nuclear weapons countries which it accused of developing nuclear weapons — such as Iran and North Korea — lest the rest of the world conclude that the US will not carry out its threats .
Gates is filling out the Bush doctrine of pre-emptive war — announced in advance of the unprovoked invasion of Iraq based on lies about supposed Iraqi weapons of mass destruction — with the proviso that a US first - strike can involve the large - scale use of nuclear weapons .
In his speech , he called for a substantial increase in nuclear weapons spending , including the possible resumption of nuclear weapons testing .
“ There is absolutely no way we can maintain a credible deterrent and reduce the number of weapons in our stockpile without either resorting to testing our stockpile or pursuing a modernization program , ” he declared .
Citing a “ bleak ” prognosis for overcoming technical and staffing problems of US strategic nuclear weapons programs , Gates explained that his policies involved the largest and most powerful US weapons :
“ The program we propose is not about new capabilities — suitcase bombs or bunker - busters or tactical nukes . [… ]
It is about the future credibility of our strategic deterrent . ”
Gates also addressed concerns about the command structure of the US Air Force ’s nuclear forces , sparked by his June 5 sackings of several top Air Force officials after it was discovered that US nuclear missile parts had been shipped to Taiwan .
At the time , the World Socialist Web Site raised the question of whether the shipment to Taiwan had been part of an unofficial foreign policy carried out by rogue sections of the US military .
However , the bourgeois press accepted official explanations that this had been a simple technical oversight .
FULL ARTICLE
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
OTTAWA – The Canadian Real Estate Association says housing prices fell 9.8 per cent across Canada in November , and sales slipped 12.3 per cent compared to the same month last year .
The association said sales hit " the lowest level for monthly activity since January 2001 . "
It said sales were down in 85 per cent of markets from October , and prices were down in about 50 per cent of markets .
" The national decline reflects further declines in both activity and price in British Columbia , Alberta and Ontario . "
I can believe that someone would do that .
Why not really ?
On the government sponsored national TV channel they have an add which features ' dust drawings ' which is basically fine red dirt on a dark surface and fingers are run through it to create images .
It 's impressive .
__________________
Kind words are the music of the world .
F. W. Faber
Boutique Offers Free Lap Dance with Lingerie Purchase ( Photos )
owns and operates Bordello Lingerie and Boudoir Boutique in London .
She considers her business to be the perfect amount of sex appeal and sauciness to provide her customers with a seductively intimate dose of retail therapy .
The red painted walls , quirky antique furniture and European chandeliers have the feel of a Burlesque scene .
The store owner considers her theme a celebration of the glamour of a bygone era .
In order to boost holiday sales , Scarr has placed live models in the windows and is advertising a free lap dance with the purchase of lingerie .
Check out her window dressing below .
Photos : WENN
Do you want to increase the search engine ranking of your WordPress blog ?
Check out these 9 SEO WordPress plugins that Shawn Jooste from Elite Blogger has pulled together for us .
The best place by far to find traffic is from search engines .
The art of Search Engine Optimization is often very daunting for new bloggers .
Even some experienced bloggers just see SEO as a cloudy puddle of mud they would rather not play in .
WordPress by default is pretty decent at letting search engines see what ’s going on .
But there are a whole bunch of other things that can be done to make your blog rank better .
Fortunately there are plugins available to help you get better rankings for your blog , so you do n’t have to go digging into the code of your blog to get some results from search engines .
I ’m not going to explain the validity or effects of each of these SEO tactics in detail .
There is more than enough of that on the Internet already if you want to do some research .
I ’ll mention briefly what the benefits of each plugin is , and why you need it .
1. All in One SEO Pack
This allows you to set the basic SEO stuff for your blog .
You need page titles , meta tags , keywords , and descriptions .
This plugin allows you to configure them for either your entire blog or on a post by post basis .
2. Redirection
From time to time you make changes on your blog .
Sometimes these changes end up breaking your Permalink structure .
This often happens when you make a change to an old post , or do an upgrade to WordPress and make some changes to the permalinks .
It ’s very very common if you move your blog from one host to another .
Basically what happens is that each post has a unique URL , called a permalink .
When this changes , visitors who go to that blog post wo n’t find it .
The redirection plugin helps you fix these problems by redirecting the visitor to the new permalink .
This reduces the amount of traffic you get to pages that do n’t exist .
3. Robots Meta
By default search engines crawl and index ALL the pages on your blog .
This is n’t ideal , because it creates duplicate content and you can get yourself punished by search engines without knowing it .
What the Robots Meta plugin allows you to do is tell the search engines which sections of your blog to crawl .
This means that you ’ll get more respect from search engines , and likely more traffic .
4. SEO Smart Links
One of the key issues with SEO is your internal linking structure .
The more you link to a certain page on your blog , the more important it is to your overall content .
Search engines treat your internal links as an indication of how well structured your site is .
The problem with this is that if you had to manually go and create links to relevant and important posts you ’ll spend hours and hours doing it .
SEO Smart links allows you to specify a word , like ‘ SEO ’ and then link it to a post on your site .
Then each time the word SEO appears on your site , it ’s automatically turned into a link you specified .
5. SEO Friendly Images
Images also play an important role in your SEO strategy .
So it ’s important that you tag them correctly .
SEO
Friendly images allows you to do this , and saves you hours and hours of work .
If , like most bloggers you use images in your posts , then this plugin is essential .
6. Google Positioner
It ’s important to know your keywords .
And this handy plugin allows you to track the keywords you ’re getting searches for .
It ’s pointless selecting a few keywords , then writing some content for those keywords and hoping that the rest goes well .
SEO is about being proactive and tracing what works and what does n’t .
7. Permalinks Moved Permanently
A common mistake bloggers make is choosing the wrong permalink structure .
When you start your blog you think you know which is best , and as time goes buy you want to change your permalink structure .
The problem with changing your permalink structure is that your traffic will come to a standstill until your site is reindexed , and that could take months .
This plugin is similar to redirect but is an easier and better way to manage permanent permalink changes .
8. Nofollow Case by Case
The nofollow attribute over the last year or two has had a fairly large impact on the blogosphere .
All comments in WordPress by default are nofollow links .
This means that no Page Rank ( PR ) is being given via the link .
This plugin changes that and makes comment links valuable again .
There are a number of reasons you would want to give away link juice .
It ’s often used to attract people and encourage them to comment .
It can be very useful for new blogs who need some exposure .
9. SEO Slugs
Stop words are ignored by search engines .
So most of your post titles have them in , but they are meaningless to search engines .
So when you have a post title like this : “ What You Can Do Immediately For Higher Rankings ” you have a permalink like this : ‘/ what - you - can - do - immediately - for - higher - rankings ’ but what you really want is for your permalink to look like this : / immediately - higher - rankings .
This plugin automatically removes stop words from the permalink , helping you to rank better .
Conclusion :
Getting better traffic from search engines will help you boost your blog .
You ’ll get better income , rank better , and be able to build a better brand .
On a Saturday night in early December , it 's business as usual on downtown Tempe 's Mill Avenue .
Dreadlocked buskers beat on bongos across from a head shop called Hippie Gypsy , banging over the strains of Jimi Hendrix 's guitar on " All Along the Watchtower " screaming from the store 's speakers .
The scent of patchouli fades into the reek of horse manure into the sugary coffee smells of Dunkin ' Donuts as people shuffle down the street , below brawny frat guys in ASU jerseys beating their chests and bellowing from the balcony of Hooters .
Beneath the neon glow of Hooters , a large crowd has gathered at the intersection of Fifth Street and Mill , looking up at the restaurant 's TVs , all tuned to the Oscar De La Hoya vs. Manny Pacquiao fight .
Even the cops have stopped to watch .
But there 's another distraction in the street .
Among the shoppers , street musicians , club - goers , and college kids , there 's this wispy hipster guy holding up a sign as large as the plasma TVs .
Dressed in a vintage , blue velvet Dolce & Gabbana blazer , black - and - white vinyl loafers , and a black silk tie with a double Windsor knot , he looks like the lovechild of an Anthony Burgess novel and an Andy Warhol film .
He 's carrying a white megaphone and wearing a shiny silver - metal backpack that resembles a vacuum cleaner — an example of the " industrial design " he loves so much .
A couple of people ask if he 's going to " fire up the jetpack " and fly away .
But more ask about the big , black sign that reads " Damn God America " in gold block letters .
Usually , street preachers share the word of God .
For the past several years on Mill , you have n't been able to walk from one bar to another without tripping over someone sharing the love of Christ through an amplifier or a stack of Bible tracts .
But this blue velvet guy is a different kind of preacher .
He 's a devout non-believer , and he preaches atheism .
The smiling man with the sign is Omar Call , a 31 - year - old fashion designer and salesman of high - end blue jeans .
No matter the jibes , he maintains the dignified look on his face , helped by his high - cut Peruvian cheekbones and prominent , Roman nose .
Strands of thin , dark hair hang from his English golf cap and in front of both ears , like pointed sideburns .
He asks people what they think his sign means .
One guy says it 's anti-American .
Another says it 's communist .
A third says it 's blasphemous .
Call explains that the sign means , " America , damn the idea of God .
Damn the religious dogma that dictates and destroys . "
Some of the passersby give him dirty looks ; a few flip him off and call him names .
Call has been coming to Mill Avenue every Saturday for the past three years to get flipped off , but also to have heady conversations .
He particularly relishes debating the Christian street preachers who 've sermonized on this strip for close to a decade .
He thinks it 's fun .
The first time he did it , he says , he went home afterwards and " it was like I was on a high .
I was so excited . "
On quiet nights , he stands with his signs on the street and waits for people to ask questions .
Having " logical , rational " discussions and making people think is almost like a creative art project for him .
In the beginning , his tactics were deliberately provocative — he dressed as Jehovah and stood on the corner , holding a sign that read , " I quit . "
When preachers set up speakers and started barking about damnation , Call would talk back through a bullhorn .
Other atheists , particularly those from an ASU group called the Secular Free Thought Society , often join Call on the corner .
Initially , the group was small — a few atheist ASU grads bringing out their own tracts to counteract the Christians who handed out " $ 1 million bills " with Bible scriptures on the back .
But the SFTS has grown , and ever since it got two microphones , a loudspeaker , and a " background soundtrack " playlist on the iPod with themed songs like Roger Waters ' " What God Wants " and Black Sabbath 's " War Pigs , " it 's started to look more like a chaotic club party on the corner of Fifth and Mill than the satirical - but - serious piece of art Call says he 's performing .
The Christians on Mill clearly view him as a thorn in the side .
To the other atheists on Mill , he 's a god of the godless .
But he does n't care to hang with either group .
With his stylish wardrobe , bookworm intellect , and theatrical approach , Call just does n't seem to fit in anywhere .
And he seems to like it that way .
His " heroes " run the gamut , from Ayn Rand and Sir Isaac Newton to Adam Carolla and Richard Cheese .
Ask him to describe himself , and Call will give you a laundry list of ten - dollar words , some self - invented : bi-furious , serotonic , lethological , pantagruelist .
But one word he 'll never use again is Mormon .
Some of the Christians tell a story about Omar Call , which he does n't dispute .
There 's no video of it , but it goes something like this .
One Saturday night this past summer , Call gave one of his favorite demonstrations on Mill Avenue .
He placed a penny on the ground , and started yelling at the nearby Christians through a megaphone .
" You say you have faith , " Call told them .
" The Bible says that if you have the faith of a mustard seed , you can move mountains . "
" So if you have even this much faith , " he continued , pinching his thumb and forefinger together to illustrate the size of a tiny mustard seed , " You should be able to move this penny with your faith .
Can anybody move this penny even a centimeter with the power of their faith ? "
The Christians looked at Call , then down at the penny .
Nobody said anything .
The penny did n't move .
" Come on ! " Call prodded .
" If faith the size of a mustard seed can move a mountain , why can't your immense faith move this little penny ?
If anybody can move this penny with the power of their faith , then I will believe ! "
Jim Coleman listened to Call 's argument , shaking his head .
Coleman 's 83 , and he 's been coming down to Mill Avenue to hand out church tracts for the past eight years .
He was the first Christian to start hanging out down here , and he 's well liked .
He 's got a jolly , grandfatherly demeanor and never yells at anyone , preferring to take a humorous approach to evangelizing .
Rather than assail readers with scriptures about eternal damnation , the tracts Coleman hands out are filled with cute little jokes like , " If at first you do n't succeed , do n't try skydiving " and " Nothing is foolproof to a sufficiently talented fool . "
Coleman says he was completely paralyzed eight years ago , and though he 's regained some use of his legs , he walks only with great difficulty .
It 's easier for him to use a wheelchair .
On this night , Call tried to use Coleman 's disability to belittle his faith .
" If you have the faith of the mustard seed , you 'll be healed , " Call told the old man .
" Get up !
Walk !
Be healed !
Do n't you have faith ? "
Call later apologized to Coleman for the incident but says he does n't remember much about it now except that it did happen .
He admits that was n't one of his finer moments , but he says he tries to be respectful .
If he seems harsh sometimes , he says , it 's because he 's just so driven on his mission to question Christianity .
But the man who now stands on Mill with a " Damn God America " sign was once on a different mission .
If he could go back in time 10 years , Call would have the fiercest theological debate of his life — with himself .
Back then , he was a devout Mormon missionary , born into and blessed by the LDS church in Baltimore , with ancestors on his father 's side that he says go all the way back to the church 's foundation .
He 's read the Book of Mormon several times over .
He 's read the Bible from beginning to end .
He 's read most of the Oxford English Dictionary .
He learned Hebrew so he could read the Old Testament in its original language .
He knows the scriptures well .
" I was a believer .
I believed in Christ , " Call says .
" I have testimony of the gospel of Jesus Christ and that I was saved to live with him in glory forever . "
But about seven years ago , things began to change .
Call lost his faith , and found passionate anger toward religion in its place .
He officially left the church his parents had raised him in and announced his atheism to them on ( of all days )
Easter , upsetting his family and making subsequent holidays really awkward .
Then he started coming down to Mill Avenue every Saturday night .
The Secular Free Thought Society atheists followed but have gone from being brothers in arms to a cramp in Call 's style .
Call often works Mill with his good friend Jimmy Curley , a Ph.D. candidate in neurolinguistic programming he met as an undergrad .
Like Call , Curley insists on dressing well when he anti-preaches , and he 's been with Call since his first night protesting preachers on Mill .
But aside from Curley 's companionship , this atheist is a loner .
He does n't want to hang out with his would - be disciples on Mill , and the people closest to him — like his wife of six years , Amina — are n't particularly interested in his anti-God rants .
Amina spends her Saturday nights at home with friends .
( Sometimes Curley 's wife calls , and they hang out . )
But she understands her husband 's need for a public platform on his views , and accepts it because he enjoys it so much .
She was with him the night he went down to Mill and saw preachers screaming into microphones for the first time , and remembers how furious he was about it .
He told Amina ( they met in college ; she grew up without any organized religion ) the Mill Avenue evangelists had no right to yell at people and call them sinners , that somebody should stand up to them .
So he went home that night and ordered a bullhorn on eBay .
" The opportunity to serve a mission is indeed both a privilege and an honor , one that I have been looking forward to and preparing for my entire life .
Seeking to share the word of the Gospel with other children of Heavenly Father is certainly one of the most worthwhile and far - reaching endeavors an individual could hope to strive to embark upon . "
Omar Call wrote these words in his Missionary Call Acceptance letter to the LDS church in 1995 .
He was excited , though going on a mission was entirely expected .
His father , Brad , is a medical doctor and a former missionary himself .
He met Omar 's mother , Lola ( now a psychologist ) , while on his mission in Peru and converted her to Mormonism .
Lola was a devout Catholic and in her late teens at the time , and after she converted to Mormonism , she left her predominantly Catholic home country to attend Brigham Young University in Utah .
Back in the U.S. himself , Brad heard Lola was at BYU and called to see how she was doing .
They began dating and eventually married .
They had two children — Omar , born in 1977 , and his sister , Ariana , born 15 months later .
When Omar was 6 , his family moved from Baltimore to Tucson .
They continued attending three - hour Sunday services at an LDS church .
Ariana , who lives in Tucson and works as a high school science teacher , says their home environment was " somewhat restrictive , " but otherwise normal .
Halloween was a big holiday for the family , and they all made intricate costumes , especially Omar .
One year , he and Ariana made Garbage Pail Kids outfits by cutting the bottoms out of garbage pails , slipping trash bags over their bodies and climbing into the pails , and rigging the lids to open so their heads could pop out .
Another year , Omar made a Transformer costume out of cardboard boxes and metallic paint , with elaborate robot limbs on the front , and an automobile coming out the back .
The last Halloween Omar 's father recalls him " dressing up " was when he was 14 .
He dressed as himself , and said he had the most original costume anywhere .
Their mother did n't want Ariana and Omar to watch too much TV , so she taught them how to sew and paid them to do it several hours every week .
Today , Omar alters clothing for customers at the boutique where he works and sews his own fashion designs — sometimes well into the night and early mornings .
His whole life , Omar says , he followed the tenets of his religion closely .
He attended every church service , refused to listen to secular music on Sundays , did n't watch R- rated movies , abstained from premarital sex , and tried not to drink any caffeine .
At 19 , he says he was quite secure in his faith , to the point of being " self - righteous . "
In 1995 , Call enrolled at Arizona State University , planning to follow in his father 's footsteps as a physician .
Before he got more than a year deep in college , the LDS church sent him on a mission to Lisbon , Portugal .
Call 's schedule as a missionary was typically rigid :
He got up at 6 a.m. every day , prayed , showered , dressed in his suit , went through the neighborhoods of Lisbon and knocked on doors all day , and went to bed by 10:30 .
The goal was to spread the vitally important message of God to as many unconverted souls as possible .
It was hard for him to accept rejection .
Once , Call was trying to find a neighborhood in Lisbon where he could " share the gospel . "
As a senior companion , he was in charge of guiding the younger missionaries , and every day , they would try to find some sort of divine guidance for the Lisbon area .
" Every day , we were like , ' Okay , there 's somebody that the Lord wants us to teach .
There 's someone who wants to hear the gospel .
We have to be faithful enough that we can be led by the Holy Spirit to find them , ' " Call says .
So they got down on their knees and prayed , asking God to guide them to the right place .
Afterward , they looked at a map and had a really strong feeling about one particular neighborhood .
So they went there , and they had a bad day .
" We went and knocked on doors for eight hours — the whole day , " Call recalls .
" We could n't get anybody .
People slammed doors in our faces .
No one let us in . "
They returned to one particular door , practically pleading to be let in .
" I was getting kind of desperate at this point , " Call says .
" I thought , ' Something 's wrong .
I thought this was the area ; this is where we were led .
There 's someone here we need to teach . ' "
The woman who answered the door told the missionaries to stop begging her , and closed the door .
Call wandered off so his junior companions would n't see him crying , and spent the next several days thinking about what had happened .
" Eventually , I was able to assuage my conflict with it by just saying , ' This was a test to see if I 'd be able to maintain my devotion in the face of rejection .
The Lord just wanted to see if I would stay strong , ' " Call says .
Toward the end of Omar 's work in Portugal , the president of his mission wrote a note to his parents .
In it , President and Sister Clegg thank Brother and Sister Call " for sharing with us such a dedicated and spiritually prepared son . . .
We loved Elder Call .
He is one of our savior 's finest missionaries . "
" This is stingray skin , " Omar Call says , holding up a beige belt adorned with glittery turquoise patches and sparkling studs .
The patches are dyed scales , and the rest of the belt is leather , he explains .
The belt is by Robbie French .
The belt is sleek , stylish , and costs $ 231 at 50 percent off .
It 's noon on a sunny but brisk Wednesday in December , and Call is at work , showing some of the merchandise at Scottsdale Jean Company in north Scottsdale , where he 's been selling high - end , designer clothing for the past 15 months .
The wife of Poison singer Bret Michaels shops here all the time , Call says , along with a lot of athletes whose names he does n't know .
But he thinks he 's seen Steve Nash here .
Though he abhors television and has no interest in sports ( he prefers to read — no fiction , and always two books at a time ) , Call 's done well as a high - fashion sales associate , selling shiny $ 200 shirts and $ 300 rhinestoned jeans to Scottsdale socialites .
He 's also interested in fashion design and has a room in his Tempe house , which he calls " Omar 's Dungeon , " filled with clothes , boxes of fabric , and his five sewing machines .
A few years ago , he designed a line of dresses and tops for the Scottsdale fashionistas who ran LabelHorde , and he recently made some silk - screened T - shirts .
One shirt depicts Mickey Mouse with a goathead pentagram for his head , and the other bears a Louis Vuitton logo , modified to read " eViL . "
He says he'd like to focus on building up his own fashion line and , ultimately , make his living as a designer .
Call 's work history is as chameleonic as his religious un-revival .
Before he got into clothing sales , he worked as a loan officer for Centex Home Equity .
When the loan industry began to tank , he got a job making dresses for a company called Artistry in Motion .
He did that for a year before landing the gig at Scottsdale Jean Company .
Years earlier , when he'd returned from his mission , he got his first " real job " at a car dealership — to pay off the 1994 Isuzu Trooper he'd just bought there — and sold cars for four years while earning a degree in business and design from ASU .
Throughout college , Call remained active in the Mormon Church , graduating from the LDS Institute and teaching gospel doctrine in the singles ward at ASU .
He fervently studied various world religions , including the history of Christianity and Judaism .
" The church always said , ' Do n't learn too much .
Do n't try to know everything , ' " Call says , smirking .
That , as it turned out , was the turning point for Call .
The more he learned , the less he believed .
" What I learned in church about the history of the church , it was n't the same as what actually happened , " he continues .
" We can't say that God is the same forever in his church , whether it 's Mormonism or Christianity , because if God never changes and he 's omnipotent and omniscient , why would he say one thing one time and then change his mind and say something else ?
It did n't make sense to me . "
Call started to think that maybe God was not the " One Great Truth . "
Maybe God did not even exist .
" I came to a point where I said , ' I 'm really not an agnostic .
I believe that there is no God , as I was taught , ' " he says .
He changed his mind about his major at ASU , too — from microbiology to bioengineering to linguistics to anthropology to calculus before finally landing on an interdisciplinary degree in design and business .
He was still pre-med when he met a pretty blond coed named Amina in his organic chemistry class .
Amina says she was " born to hippie parents , " not raised with any religion besides the golden rule , really .
She was a good girl , but she certainly was n't Mormon and had no interest in converting .
She was going through a breakup when Call started lurking in her lab group , seemingly bored with his .
Amina was impressed with his intelligence and confidence , and shortly after breaking it off with her beau , she started dating Call .
For four years , Call hid their relationship from his parents , who always referred to Amina as " Omar 's friend " when she visited on holidays .
Then on Christmas in 2001 , Call 's mother sat him down asked him what his intentions with Amina were , and if he was going to marry her .
To his own surprise , he answered yes .
" Having fallen in love and dated this non-member , the idea of marriage — I did n't know how to wrap my head around it , " Call says .
" I loved her , but I did n't have the belief anymore .
I never found a Mormon girl who met me at the same level of conviction , yet who was interesting and intelligent .
So when my mother asked me if I was going to marry her , for the first time I thought , ' Yeah , I 'm gonna marry this girl . ' "
The two were married in a small , non-denominational ceremony in Sedona the following May .
Unbeknownst to his family , Call had met with his bishop the week before the wedding and requested that his name be removed from the LDS church records .
Nevertheless , he and Amina planned to continue attending church ; she 'd agreed to accompany him to one Sunday service a week .
They went the first two Sundays after their wedding ceremony .
On the third Sunday , the alarm went off and Amina asked Call if they were going to get up and go to church .
He rolled over and said , " Nah .
Let 's sleep in . "
Easter Sunday 2007 was a dramatic day for the Call family .
Call 's parents were visiting his sister in Tucson .
Omar and Amina joined them , and the whole family went out to see what he calls " a pretty avant - garde " Easter play called The Last Days of Judas Iscariot that " had some nudity and cursing in it . "
They knew the play was going to be unorthodox , but did n't realize how much .
The play took place at an inconspicuous art gallery / performance space off Congress Street .
Call does n't remember the name of the venue , but he does remember that the theme of the play was " honesty versus loyalty . "
Afterward , Call took his already - jarred parents and his sister out for ice cream .
He asked his parents what was more important — honesty or loyalty .
His mother said both were equally important .
His father said he believed honesty was more important than loyalty .
Call said he agreed with his father , and on that note , over waffle cones and sprinkles , he announced that he'd had his name removed from the LDS church records .
His mother was devastated .
" I wish you 'd never told me this , " her son recalls her saying .
" Why did you do this ? "
Call says that , to this day , they 've never discussed it again .
They get together on holidays and talk about everything else .
" My mother 's father was a military man — very stoic , and an atheist , " he says .
" Sometimes I think my mother 's devotion to religion is a rebellion against her father 's atheism .
My mom once said to me , ' I 'm not going to let your atheism destroy this family the way it did mine ! ' "
Call 's admission that he was an atheist was difficult for his family to accept , but his compulsion to publicly and skillfully debate preachers on Mill does n't surprise them .
When he and Jimmy Curley started coming down to Mill to debate , Call says , he approached it with the same zeal he showed as a Mormon missionary , and he has n't lost it yet .
What he has lost enthusiasm for is the Secular Free Thought Society always being on the same corner he 's on .
It started with a few SFTS members handing out their own tracts on Mill , which said things like " Is this your God ? " and quoted the Bible story , from the book of Kings , in which God sends bears to eat small children who mocked the prophet Elisha .
Call found the tracts amusing and was happy to meet people who shared his views .
But then the SFTS started bringing a microphone and more members , each one adamant about bringing his or her own philosophies to the debates .
Now things are getting out of control .
On a recent Saturday night , a discussion between Call and the Christians disintegrated into anarchy when some of the atheists screamed at the preachers about how creationism is a lie and grabbed at Call 's microphone .
The mic ended up being commandeered by an inebriated blond woman who was just passing by .
She then was provoked by the excited crowd to deliver an impromptu , slurred sermon .
The Friday after the incident , Call and Jimmy Curley — both dressed in suits and ties — sat down with SFTS founder Shawn Esplin in front of the Slices pizza joint , off Mill .
Call had been in front of the post office earlier with his " RIP GOD " sign , and the SFTS was hanging out behind him in jeans and black T - shirts , eating Dunkin ' Donuts and blasting the music of black - metal band Dimmu Borgir through a speaker .
Nobody would approach Call , and when somebody finally did , a couple of SFTS members stood in front of his sign and talked over him .
Call explains to Esplin that he moved because " my message was being diluted . "
He and Curley clarify that they 're not members of the SFTS .
They say they 're doing their own thing , but they 'd like for the group to be more effective .
They should dress so that they appear respectable and approachable , have a couple people on each corner instead of one big gaggle , and respect other people enough to not talk over them or shout .
Esplin agrees with most of the points , but says he 's not sure what to do .
What 's important to him , he says , is that there are voices opposing the Christians on Mill , and that the SFTS brings as many people around to " their side " as they can .
" Maybe we should figure out why we all come down here and what we 're trying to accomplish , " he says , pushing his glasses up the bridge of his nose .
Curley explains that he and Call are n't trying to convert people to atheism ; all they want is to make people think , to have respectful and stimulating discussions when they come down to Mill .
" Every night is like a one - night stand , " Curley says .
" We come down here , onnight only , and some nights the performances are better than others , but you do n't expect it to be more than what it is . "
" It does n't have to mean anything , " Call adds .
" We whore out our ideas and interact with bystanders .
We 're intellectual prostitutes .
Or pimps . "
Esplin giggles nervously , shifts uncomfortably , and tugs on the collar of his flannel shirt .
A city bus coughs out a cloud of exhaust on Call 's corduroy pants , and then there 's a woman wagging her finger in his face .
It 's another Saturday night in mid-December and Call 's getting another earful about his " Damn God America " sign .
A family of five — a father , a little boy , two young girls , and the finger - wagging mother — are making their way down the strip when they see the sign and stop .
The mother leans in closer and narrows her eyes , then takes a big stride toward Call .
" God 's done a lot of good in this world ! " she says , her cheeks flushed with fury .
" You should n't talk about God that way and be doing destructive things like this ! "
Call calmly says that he does n't believe God exists .
The little boy takes his father 's hand and asks , " Well , then , who created us ? "
" Nobody had to create you , " Call tells the kid .
The little boy , who looks to be about 7 , shouts , " Read the Bible ! "
" I 've read the Bible , " Call says .
" If God exists , where is he ? "
The mother scowls and points to her chest .
" God is in our hearts . "
As the family stomps off , one of the little girls , who can't be much older than 5 , turns , raises her fist in the air , and passionately yells at Call : " Damn you ! "
Though he 's shocked by the little girl 's parting comment , Call laughs it off .
He 's used to people getting angry .
His wife and friends think his activism is amusing because they know his sense of humor , but they do worry for his safety sometimes .
He 's had people get in his face and yell .
He 's had drinks thrown on him .
In the end , Call says , his message is a simple one : Goodness can be godless .
" If we had no religion but we could be moral , there is no contradiction there , " he says .
" If we could just relax as far as the doctrine and just acknowledge that we 're all human beings and we should respect one another , we should love one another , we should help one another — these are Biblical teachings , but they 're teachings known throughout the world .
Treat others as you want to be treated .
This is not rocket science .
It 's not so hard to figure out . "
But some folks need more prodding .
Omar Call is happy to oblige .
After being damned by the 5 - year - old girl , Call works his way back to Borders , where a young woman in a black hoodie inquires about his " RIP GOD " sign .
A small but curious crowd has formed around him .
Rocking forth slightly on his heels , with a warm smile on his face , Call gives his favorite answer : " I think the concept of God has outlived its usefulness .
It 's time to put it out of its misery . "
The woman takes a drag off her cigarette and says she disagrees .
She believes in God.
Call says he used to believe in God , too .
She asks what happened , and the debate is on .
PHILADELPHIA -
An extract from grape seeds forces laboratory leukemia cells to commit cell suicide , according to researchers from the University of Kentucky .
They found that within 24 hours , 76 percent of leukemia cells had died after being exposed to the extract .
The investigators , who report their findings in the January 1 , 2009 , issue of Clinical Cancer Research , a journal of the American Association for Cancer Research , also teased apart the cell signaling pathway associated with use of grape seed extract that led to cell death , or apoptosis .
They found that the extract activates JNK , a protein that regulates the apoptotic pathway .
While grape seed extract has shown activity in a number of laboratory cancer cell lines , including skin , breast , colon , lung , stomach and prostate cancers , no one had tested the extract in hematological cancers nor had the precise mechanism for activity been revealed .
" These results could have implications for the incorporation of agents such as grape seed extract into prevention or treatment of hematological malignancies and possibly other cancers , " said the study 's lead author , Xianglin Shi , Ph.D. , professor in the Graduate Center for Toxicology at the University of Kentucky .
" What everyone seeks is an agent that has an effect on cancer cells but leaves normal cells alone , and this shows that grape seed extract fits into this category , " he said .
Shi adds , however , that the research is not far enough along to suggest that people should eat grapes , grape seeds , or grape skin in excess to stave off cancer .
" This is very promising research , but it is too early to say this is chemo- protective . "
Hematological cancers - leukemia , lymphoma and myeloma - accounted for an estimated 118,310 new cancer cases and almost 54,000 deaths in 2006 , ranking these cancers as the fourth leading cause of cancer incidence and death in the U.S .
Given that epidemiological evidence shows that eating vegetables and fruits helps prevent cancer development , Shi and his colleagues have been studying chemicals known as proanthocyanidins in fruits that contribute to this effect .
Shi has found that apple peel extract contains these flavonoids , which have antioxidant activity , and which cause apoptosis in several cancer cell lines but not in normal cells .
Based on those studies , and findings from other researchers that grape seed extract reduces breast tumors in rats and skin tumors in mice , they looked at the effect of the compound in leukemia cells .
Using a commercially available grape seed extract , Shi exposed leukemia cells to the extract in different doses and found the marked effect in causing apoptosis in these cells at one of the higher doses .
They also discovered that the extract does not affect normal cells , although they do n't know why .
The researchers then used pharmacologic and genetic approaches to determine how the extract induced apoptosis .
They found that the extract strongly activated the JNK pathway , which then led to up - regulation of Cip / p21 , which controls the cell cycle .
They checked this finding by using an agent that inhibited JNK , and found that the extract was ineffective .
Using a genetic approach - silencing the JNK gene - also disarmed grape seed extract 's lethal attack in leukemia cells .
" This is a natural compound that appears to have relatively important properties , " Shi said .
###
The mission of the American Association for Cancer Research is to prevent and cure cancer .
Founded in 1907 , AACR is the world 's oldest and largest professional organization dedicated to advancing cancer research .
The membership includes more than 28,000 basic , translational and clinical researchers ; health care professionals ; and cancer survivors and advocates in the United States and 80 other countries .
The AACR marshals the full spectrum of expertise from the cancer community to accelerate progress in the prevention , diagnosis and treatment of cancer through high - quality scientific and educational programs .
It funds innovative , meritorious research grants .
The AACR Annual Meeting attracts more than 17,000 participants who share the latest discoveries and developments in the field .
Special conferences throughout the year present novel data across a wide variety of topics in cancer research , treatment and patient care .
The AACR publishes five major peer - reviewed journals : Cancer Research ; Clinical Cancer Research ; Molecular Cancer Therapeutics ; Molecular Cancer Research ; and Cancer Epidemiology , Biomarkers & Prevention .
The AACR 's most recent publication and its sixth major journal , Cancer Prevention Research , is dedicated exclusively to cancer prevention , from preclinical research to clinical trials .
The AACR also publishes CR , a magazine for cancer survivors and their families , patient advocates , physicians and scientists .
CR provides a forum for sharing essential , evidence - based information and perspectives on progress in cancer research , survivorship and advocacy .
NEW YORK ( CNN ) -- U.S. President George W. Bush has expressed regret that Republican presidential nominee John McCain did not win the presidency but called the election of Barack Obama " good for our country . "
George W. Bush said he might write a book after his presidency ends but otherwise had few plans .
Speaking to CNN in an interview Tuesday , Bush described Monday 's meeting with his successor at the White House as relaxed and said he offered the future president advice on the transition process .
" The election of Barack Obama is an historic moment for our country , " Bush said .
" There are a lot of people in America who did not believe they would ever see this day .
" It is good for our country that people have hope in the system and feel vested in the future and President - elect Obama has a great opportunity , " Bush said .
" I really do wish him all the best .
I am just as American as he is American , and it is good for our country that the president succeeds . "
Bush described how he consulted his predecessor Bill Clinton before Monday 's Oval Office meeting with the future commander in chief .
" I remember the conversation I had with my predecessor Bill Clinton , " Bush told CNN in an interview Tuesday .
As a matter of fact , [ I ] called him yesterday and said , ' Bill , I 'm getting ready to meet with the new president , and I remember how gracious you were to me .
I hope I can be as gracious to President - elect Obama as you were to me . ' ''
Bush also said Obama was specifically interested in how his two young daughters would adjust to life in the White House .
" It was interesting to watch him go upstairs , " Bush said .
" He wanted to see where his little girls were going to sleep .
Clearly , this guy is going to bring a sense of family to the White House , and I hope Laura and I did the same thing .
But I believe he will , and I know his girls are on his mind and he wants to make sure that first and foremost , he is a good dad .
And I think that 's going to be an important part of his presidency . "
Bush said he plans to return to Texas after he leaves office January 20 and " may write a book " but otherwise has few plans .
" No doubt I 'm heading straight home .
I miss Texas ; I love Texas ; I 've got a lot of friends in Texas .
" I 'll probably get back and take a deep breath , " he said .
Bush said he has begun to think about an outline for the book .
" I want people to know what it was like to make some of the decisions I had to make , " he said .
" In other words , what was the moment like ?
And I 've had one of those presidencies where I 've had to make some tough calls , and I want people to know the truth about what it was like sitting in the Oval Office . "
All About Barack Obama • George W. Bush
Here 's some uplifting video from the trainwreck PlayStation Home .
In it , we see two female avatars being surrounded by male avatars doing little dances .
Apparently this is happening all over the service .
A lot .
Advertisement
This next video , however , is hilarious .
Called a " Quincy , " the act lures in desperate males , and then pulls te ol ' bait and switch .
Classic .
Advertisement
Be sure to check out Mark 's initial thoughts on PlayStation Home , which went live earlier this week .
[ You Tube via Alley Insider CrunchGear ]
POVERTY AND WELFARE
Perhaps the only topic that entertains more myths than the federal deficit is welfare .
Reagan once described a Chicago Welfare Queen driving a Welfare Cadillac .
Allegedly , she had used 80 different names to collect $ 150,000 in benefits .
When the press tried to track her down , they discovered she did not even exist .
Nonetheless , this apocryphal anecdote has enjoyed lasting fame - among both conservatives and liberals , for different reasons .
One of the most popular myths is that welfare is a serious drag on the economy .
Actually , it barely registers on the radar screen .
The most vilified form of welfare is Aid to Families with Dependent Children ( AFDC ) , which allegedly gives poor mothers a financial incentive to avoid work and have babies .
Together , AFDC and Food Stamps are by far the largest items of the welfare budget .
Yet in 1992 , AFDC formed only 1 percent of the combined state and federal budgets .
Food stamps also took up 1 percent .
1
If you expand the definition of " welfare " to include all one - way transfers of benefits ( such as student grants , school lunches and pensions for needy veterans ) , then welfare takes up only 12 percent of the combined budgets .
2 ( More )
Another myth is who gets welfare .
Mention the word " welfare " and most people automatically think of the poor .
But the fact is that corporations and the rich receive far more welfare than the poor .
Welfare for the poor ( AFDC and Food Stamps ) totaled $ 50 billion in 1992 , but welfare for corporations ( pork - barrel projects , business subsidies and tax breaks ) are estimated to run from $ 85 billion to $ 800 billion , depending on which think tank you listen to .
( More ) Brian Kelly , a Washington journalist who has written a book on corporate pork , discloses that pork alone costs taxpayers between $ 20 to $ 100 billion a year .
3
By itself , the $ 500 billion dollar Savings & Loan bailout would have funded 10 years of AFDC and Food Stamps .
There is simply no question who receives the most welfare from government .
During the 80s , government spending on individuals increased for everyone except the poor .
The reason is because the poor cannot afford lobbyists to defend their interests in Washington ; consequently , politicians find the poor easy targets for budget cuts .
Between 1970 and 1991 , the purchasing power of benefits for the typical AFDC family fell 42 percent , primarily as a result of state and federal cuts .
4
Average Monthly Benefits ( Constant Dollars , 82 - 84 CPI ) 5
Program 1980 1993 AFDC ( per family ) $ 350 261 Food Stamps ( per person ) 42 47
It is impossible to live well on welfare alone , and most recipients go hungry near the end of the month .
In 1992 , the poverty level for a mother with two children was $ 11,186 .
6
In that year , the average yearly AFDC family payment was $ 4,572 ; Food Stamps for a family of three averaged $ 2,469 , for a total of $ 7,041 .
That was only 63 percent of the poverty line , and 74 percent of a minimum wage job .
The decline of welfare benefits helped poverty grow in the 80s :
Poverty Level , 1960 - 1992 7
1960 22.2 % Recession year 1966 14.7 Johnson 's " Great Society " in progress 1969 12.1 1970 12.6 Recession year 1975 12.3 Recession year 1976 11.8 1977 11.6 1978 11.4 1979 11.7 1980 13.0 Recession year 1981 14.0 Recession year 1982 15.0 Recession year 1983 15.2 1984 14.4 1985 14.0 1986 13.6 1987 13.4 1988 13.0 1989 12.8 1990 13.5 Recession year 1991 14.2 Recession year 1992 14.5
During the 50s , poverty hovered around 20 percent .
Michael Harrington had to write a bestseller entitled The Other America to remind the middle class that not all Americans were living like Ward and June Cleaver .
In 1964 , Johnson declared war on poverty with his " Great Society " program .
The increased welfare payments reduced poverty to 12 percent by the end of the 60s .
Generally , the poverty level mirrors the unemployment rate .
Unemployment is greatest during recessions ; as unemployment gradually falls over the years following a recession , poverty falls too .
But if you look at the general trends between recessions , you can see that poverty rates were lower in the 70s than in the 80s .
This is largely due to deepening cuts in individual welfare benefits .
Another myth is that the burgeoning incomes of the top 1 percent allowed them to give more to charity .
In fact , the rich drastically reduced their charitable donations in the 80s , and the poorest raised them , despite their declining incomes .
In 1990 , the poorest income group -- under $ 10,000 -- actually gave the highest share to charity : 5.5 percent .
8
Charitable donations in the 80s : 9 Percent Percent of Income 1980 1988 change 88 income -----------------------------------------------------------------
$ 25,000-30,000 $ 665 $ 1,075 +62 % 3.6 - 4.3 % $ 500,000 - $ 1 million 47,432 16,602 - 65 % 1.7 - 3.3 Over $ 1 million 207,089 72,784 - 65 % *
* Dividing $ 72,784 by $ 1 million seriously skewers the percentage because of the open- endedness of this income group , which includes multi-millionaires and billionaires .
Another set of myths surrounds who is on welfare for the poor , and for how long .
The following statistics were compiled in 1994 , but they also reflect the trends of the Reagan - Bush years :
Traits of families on AFDC 10
Race White 38.8 % Black 37.2 Hispanic 17.8 Asian 2.8 Other 3.4 Time on AFDC Less than 7 months 19.0 % 7 to 12 months 15.2
One to two years 19.3
Two to five years 26.9
Over five years 19.6 Number of children One 43.2 % Two 30.7 Three 15.8 Four or more 10.3 Age of Mother Teenager 7.6 % 20 - 29 47.9 30 - 39 32.7 40 or older 11.8 Status of Father 1973 1992 Divorced or separated 46.5 % 28.6 Deceased 5.0 1.6 Unemployed or Disabled 14.3 9.0 Not married to mother 31.5 55.3 Other or Unknown 2.7 5.5
As you can see , the stereotype that the average welfare recipient is a teenage black mother with several children is completely false , and not a little racist .
The fact that blacks make up only 12 percent of the population but 37 percent of AFDC recipients reflects the continuing discrimination they experience on the job market .
Another set of myths surround the " incentives " that welfare supposedly brings .
In March 1987 , the General Accounting Office released a report that summarized more than one hundred studies of welfare since 1975 .
It found that " research does not support the view that welfare encourages two - parent family breakup " or that it significantly reduces the incentive to work .
11
Nor does welfare give single mothers an incentive to bear more children .
AFDC families are not much larger than the national average .
In an effort to curb this supposed incentive , New Jersey became the first state in the nation to experiment with a " family cap . "
The cap denies mothers extra welfare benefits for having more babies .
And did the cap result in fewer births among AFDC mothers ?
At first , the Heritage Foundation reported that AFDC births fell 29 percent - a tremendous result .
But no other study confirmed this finding , and it soon became clear it was nonsense .
The Heritage study failed to report that birthrates for New Jersey in general were falling also .
A Rutgers University study by Michael Camasso found that the family cap had no effect on welfare birthrates .
His study researched two groups of women : mothers who would receive more benefits if they had additional children while on welfare , and those who would be denied more money under the family cap .
Camasso wrote : " From August 1993 through July 1994 there is not a statistically significant difference between the birth rates in the experimental and control groups . "
Many other studies have confirmed that welfare provides almost no extra incentive to have children .
An 8 - year study in Wisconsin , which is undergoing massive welfare reform , has found that women on welfare actually have a lower - than - average birthrate than non-welfare women !
In fact , their birthrates were lower than the national average .
Perhaps the greatest problem with " incentive " theories is that welfare payments are too small to provide any meaningful incentive .
One factor that would relieve the number of mothers on welfare would be the greater financial support of fathers .
In 1989 , only three - fourths of the women who were awarded child support received payments of any kind , and only half received full payments .
The mean child support payment was $ 2,995 ; for women whose incomes were below the poverty level , the mean was only $ 1,889 .
12 Obviously , even full payments are inadequate amounts for raising a child ; before a society should condemn welfare moms , it should consider rousting out deadbeat dads .
The " feminization of poverty " has been especially hard on the nation 's children .
America has the greatest level of child poverty anywhere in the industrialized world :
Percent of children below the poverty level 13
1970 14.9 % 1975 16.8 1980 19.5 1985 20.1 1990 19.9 1992 21.1
At least 30 states have to ratify the treaty to bring it into effect
The first of more than 100 countries have begun signing a treaty to ban current designs of cluster bombs , at a conference in Oslo , Norway .
Campaigners are hailing the treaty as a major breakthrough .
But some of the biggest stockpilers , including the US , Russia and China , are not among the signatories .
First developed during World War II , cluster bombs contain a number of smaller bomblets designed to cover a large area and deter an advancing army .
But campaigners , including some in the military , have long argued they are outmoded and immoral because of the dangers posed to civilians from bombs that do not explode and litter the ground like landmines .
See how a cluster bomb works
Although many of the world 's biggest stockpilers of cluster munitions will not be signing the treaty , its backers say the move will help stigmatise the weapons .
The path to Oslo ... runs through the lives of civilians in Laos , Cambodia and Vietnam who have lived with the threat of unexploded sub-munitions for four decades
Jakob Kellenberger
International Red Cross
Q&A : Cluster bomb treaty
As he opened the signing convention in Oslo , Norwegian Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg said the treaty would make the world safer , but had been too long in coming .
" Too many people lost their lives and their limbs ; too many futures were shattered , " he said .
" The tragedy of their needless suffering is matched only by our joy today in being able to prevent more human misery in the future . "
Jakob Kellenberger , president of the International Red Cross , reminded the meeting of the deadly legacy of cluster bombs .
" The path to Oslo is also traced through the mountains and the rice paddies of south - east Asia where several hundred million sub-munitions were dropped and many tens of millions remain today , " he said .
" This path runs through the lives of civilians in Laos , Cambodia and Vietnam who have lived with the threat of unexploded sub-munitions for four decades . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The treaty , agreed in Dublin in May , will not ban cluster weapons outright , reports BBC defence and security correspondent Rob Watson .
It allows for the development of cluster bombs with greater precision and lower failure rates - an approach the US in particular says it is already pursuing .
As well as banning the current design of cluster bombs , the treaty also provides for clearance in those countries littered with unexploded bomblets .
Campaigners say that even big countries like the US and Russia that have not signed the treaty would not want to be stigmatised any more by links to cluster bombs .
Jody Williams , an anti-landmine campaigner and Nobel Peace Prize winner , said the US had " essentially obeyed " all the elements of the treaty and she hoped US President - elect Barack Obama would sign it .
" Mr Obama tells us to look for hope and change , " she told Reuters news agency .
" I like hope and change , but I want to see him sign it . "
Afghanistan support
The treaty will come into effect six months after 30 states have ratified it and deposited the instruments with the UN , Reuters reported .
" We need 30 ratifications as soon as possible so that the obligations in this treaty will begin to bite , " said Thomas Nash , co-ordinator of the London - based Cluster Munition Coalition .
Afghanistan signed the treaty on Wednesday - a move which surprised many who thought the country would bow to pressure from the US to refrain .
Soraj Ghulan Habib , a teenage victim who lost his legs in a cluster bomb explosion seven years ago , said he had lobbied Afghanistan 's ambassador to Norway to sign the treaty .
He told AP : " Today is an historic day . "
The signing convention in Oslo is due to last two days , with organisers expecting 88 countries to sign on Wednesday , and a further 22 signing on Thursday , Associated Press reported .
The treaty will then go to UN headquarters in New York where more of the 192 member states will be able to sign .
HOW A CLUSTER BOMB WORKS 1 .
The cluster bomb , in this case a CBU - 87 , is dropped from a plane and can fly about nine miles before releasing its load of about 200 bomblets .
2 . The canister starts to spin and opens at an altitude between 1,000 m and 100 m , spraying the bomblets across a wide area .
3 . Each bomblet is the size of a soft drink can and contains hundreds of metal pieces .
When it explodes , it can cause deadly injuries up to 25 m away .
Return to top
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
SINGEN , Germany , Nov. 29 ( UPI ) --
Frenchmen fancied themselves to be the most sexually endowed in a study of European men who were asked to measure their penis .
The survey of more than 10,500 men in 25 European countries was conducted by the German - based Institute of Condom Consultancy , The Daily Telegraph reported Saturday .
Advertisement
Frenchmen topped the survey , claiming an average penis length of 6.09 inches -- 1.2 inches longer than Greeks , who had the shortest average among men participating in the survey , the Telegraph reported .
At its annual fair -- called " Pimp Your Condom " -- the Institute gives advice on condom size and how to avoid sexually transmitted diseases , said Jan Vinzenz Krause , the institute 's director , who once proposed an aerosol latex spray - on condom in a can .
America seems much in need of Roosevelt 's maxim to stop fearing fear itself .
Virtually all comment on the Mumbai massacre has mentioned 9/11 and al - Qaida , and thus invited citizens to continue feeling afraid .
No matter that Mumbai appears to have been primarily about Kashmir and the status of India 's Muslims .
No matter that Osama bin Laden has no dog in that fight .
Any stick will do to elevate al - Qaida as America 's enemy number one .
Last week , the CIA warned of a terrorist threat that " might be unleashed " during the presidential transition , a threat that George Bush described as " dangerously real " .
On Wednesday Barack Obama was formally told by a congressional inquiry that " it is more likely than not that a weapon of mass destruction , either nuclear or biological , will be used in a terrorist attack " in his first year of office .
The inquiry demanded that an official must be appointed " to oversee efforts to prevent such an attack " , as if millions of Americans in and out of uniform were not doing that already .
Then London added its pennyworth , with a Home Office minister , Lord West , telling of " another great plot building up again " and a " huge threat " from al - Qaida .
The purpose of all this scaremongering remains a mystery .
Reactions to Mumbai have seemed to suggest Americans are still seeking fellowship in their 9/11 pain , as after the London and Madrid bombings .
Gone are the days when Americans would tell Britons to shrug off IRA terrorist attacks ( many instigated from America ) and grow up .
Any explosion anywhere now abets the extraordinary 9/11 iconography , underpinning the politics of fear that has been the leitmotif of the Bush presidency .
Debating this presidency in New York on Tuesday night , I found myself pitted against Bush 's impresario of fear , Karl Rove .
Nothing in his master 's glorious reign quite matched his " victory " over terror .
The sense of unreality was equalled by Rove 's supporters , to whom all who did not fear the " Islamofascists " were " liberal upper - east side elitists " , an apparently crushing epithet .
One assured me that Afghanistan would soon be won by merely " moving the surge " to Kabul .
The whole evening was like the scene in Gone with the Wind where Southern gallants out - boast each other in predicting victory over the Yankees .
Rove was undeniably a master manipulator of fear politics , like Tony Blair 's Alastair Campbell , who called him a " kindred spirit " .
Both Bush and Blair were led to portray al - Qaida in its Tora Bora cave as they had Saddam Hussein , as a threat to their respective realms .
It was what the sociologist Ulrich Beck described as an exaggerated risk " exploited as an elixir to an ailing leader " .
On this the two leaders built a culture of self - validating counter - terrorism , where both the absence of any threat and the presence of one can be made equally supportive .
The media 's fondness for describing any explosion as " al - Qaeda - linked " has turned what was a tiny , if efficient , cabal of fanatics into a global menace , ridiculously on a par with Hitler and postwar communism .
Whoever said the political brain has advanced over time was mad .
On every visit to America I am stunned by the pervasiveness of fear .
Terrified officials pounce on the slightest deviation from security rules .
Americans must strip almost to their underwear to board even the shortest domestic flights .
IDs are scanned in the meanest office blocks .
Computers must be dismantled .
National guardsmen troop out at dawn to protect New York installations " against the terrorist threat " .
The repressive Patriot Act - mocking a patriotism that was once built on courage and the rule of law - remains in operation .
Getting through American immigration with a brown face is an indignity that many Indians and Arabs of my acquaintance now simply refuse to endure .
I had trouble even with a Baghdad visa in my passport .
Barack Obama , who is pledged to close Guantánamo Bay , is being challenged to say what he will do with what the conservative Weekly Standard asserts are " 250 participants in the most devastating terrorist attacks in history " from " an enemy unlike any other this nation has ever faced " .
Britons should not smile at this hyperbole .
The same madness afflicts Jacqui Smith 's Home Office .
In the 1960s Richard Hofstadter , the American political scientist , puzzled over the anti-intellectualism of much of American public life , echoing the remark of the Puritan , John Cotton , in 1642 that " the more learned and witty you bee , the more fit to act for Satan " .
Listening to the debate on Tuesday I realised how deep is that strand , how strong the line of descent to the war on terror from previous generations who likewise puffed up the mafia and home - grown communism .
The 1950s Kefauver commission on organised crime sought a foe to demonise as foreign , sinister and ubiquitous .
The inquiry found that there was no national " mafia " worthy of the name , or of their attention , just disparate bunches of local hoodlums .
Kefauver and the FBI , whose burgeoning empire depended on him , were furious .
They had come to need the mafia and its menace to justify their budget , effort and status .
The same synthetic sense of fear enveloped the McCarthy hearings on communism .
A grain of truth was exaggerated to boost McCarthy 's standing as a defender of the people against a real and present danger , that of reds under every bed .
Communism had to be erected as an internal weapon of mass destruction , and much cruelty resulted .
At least organised crime and communism posed genuine threats to American liberties .
Al - Qaida does not , yet it has become the ruling obsession of Bush 's courtiers .
They see al - Qaida fiends on every side , bearded mullahs , caches of bombs , ricin and anthrax .
The precautionary principle has become fanaticised .
By treating the unknown as an enemy , we ensure that the unknown becomes one .
Most of the outrages committed by graduates of the Pakistan terrorism camps are locally motivated , and will continue as long as such motivation survives .
A network of criminal suicide squads with no coherent programme has no conceivable hope of undermining western democracy .
It can just set off bombs , and will always do so if front - line policing is weak and constantly overruled by a grand " counterterrorism " bureaucracy .
Just when America had won a real victory in the century - old combat with communism , it allowed itself to be terrified by a band of fanatics who , in part through America 's negligence , " got lucky once " and pulled off a coup on 9/11 .
For seven years its behaviour at home and image abroad have been dogged by the reaction to it .
The challenge to Obama , here as elsewhere , is immense .
The attractive feature of the America in which I once lived was its bold self - confidence .
To find the survivors of the Bush presidency still cowering in a mental bunker afraid of a bunch of Arabs - and with British ministers for company - strips western democracy of a leadership that should be both heroic and sensible .
It is surely an un-American activity .
simon.jenkins@theguardian.com
BOGALUSA , La . —Barely three weeks after Americans elected their first black president amid a wave of interracial good feeling , a spasm of noose hangings , racist graffiti , vandalism and death threats is convulsing dozens of towns across the country as white extremists lash out at the new political order .
More than 200 hate - related incidents , including cross-burnings , assassination betting pools and effigies of President - elect Barack Obama , have been reported so far , according to law - enforcement authorities and the Southern Poverty Law Center , which monitors hate groups .
Racist
Web sites are boasting that their servers are crashing under the weight of exponential increases in page views .
Even more ominously , America 's most potent symbol of racial hatred — the Ku Klux Klan — has begun to reassert itself , emerging from decades of disorganization and obscurity in a spate of recent violence .
Two weeks ago , the leader of a Klan cell based in this backwoods town once known as the Klan capital of the nation was charged with second - degree murder for allegedly shooting to death an aspiring member who tried to back out of an initiation ceremony .
Late last month , two suspected skinheads with ties to a notoriously violent Klan chapter in Kentucky were charged in a bizarre plot to kill 88 black students and then assassinate Obama by shooting him from a speeding car while wearing white tuxedos and top hats .
" We 've seen everything from cross burnings on lawns of interracial couples to effigies of Obama hanging from nooses to unpleasant exchanges in schoolyards , " said Mark Potok , director of the Intelligence Project at the Southern Poverty Law Center , based in Montgomery , Ala .
" I think we 're in a worrying situation right now , a perfect storm of conditions coming together that could easily favor the continued growth of these groups . "
Among the factors experts say are contributing to white supremacist anxieties :
The rapidly worsening economic crisis ; demographic trends indicating that whites will cease to compose a majority of Americans within a generation ; and the impending arrival of a black family in the White House .
The FBI is investigating the recent Klan - related incidents to determine the extent of any possible conspiracies .
And the Secret Service is monitoring the apparent sudden surge in hate incidents " to try to stay ahead of any emerging threats , " according to spokesman Darrin Blackford in Washington .
Even some white supremacist leaders who describe themselves as moderates say they are alarmed .
" There is a tremendous backlash " to Obama 's election , said Richard Barrett , the leader of the Nationalist Movement , a white supremacist group based in Learned , Miss .
" My focus is to try to keep it peaceful .
But many people look at the flag of the Republic of New Africa that will be hoisted over the White House as an act of war . "
The FBI , which tracks hate crimes across the country , has no figures yet for 2008 .
But already , based on local media reports across the country , some experts are calling the rise in hate incidents surprising and unprecedented .
" The rhetoric right now is just about out of control , " said Brian Levin , director of Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism at California State University in San Bernardino .
" When you get this depth of hatred , it usually is the smoke before the fire . "
In the small Louisiana town of Angie , 58 - year - old Judy Robinson decided to place an Obama campaign sign outside her home a few weeks before the election .
On the morning after Halloween , she awoke to find the words " KKK " and " white power " spray - painted around her yard .
" I thought all that KKK stuff was in the past , " said Robinson , an African - American home health - care worker .
" But now I look at people and think , ' Could he be Klan ? '
Suddenly I 'm feeling like my town is hostile territory . "
Experts acknowledge that modern Klan chapters remain isolated and small , with perhaps 6,000 members nationwide — a shadow of the group 's membership of 4 million in the early 20th Century .
But the recent events in Bogalusa , a lumber and paper - mill town of about 13,000 just down the road from Robinson 's home in Angie , are giving them pause .
Historians say that the Ku Klux Klan so dominated Bogalusa 's commerce , politics and law enforcement in the 1960s that the group once held a public meeting to debate which black church to burn down next .
Several Bogalusa Klan members were long suspected of shooting two black sheriff 's deputies in a 1965 ambush , killing one and wounding the other .
But no one was ever brought to trial for the crimes .
" To this day , most white people in Bogalusa know who the killers were , and they were never brought to justice , " said Lance Hill , a Tulane University law professor and Klan expert .
Now that grim history is lurching back to life .
On Nov. 10 , local law - enforcement authorities arrested Raymond Foster , 44 , the leader of a Bogalusa Klan chapter called the Sons of Dixie , and seven other Klan members in connection with the shooting death of a Tulsa , Okla . , woman who had journeyed to the group 's remote campsite in nearby St. Tammany Parish to participate in an initiation ceremony .
Authorities allege that Foster shot the woman when she tried to change her mind about joining the group .
He has been charged with second - degree murder ; the alleged accomplices , including Foster 's 20 - year - old son , have been charged with obstruction of justice .
Bogalusa officials insist they had no idea any Klan cells were still active in their community .
" I 've been here 13 years , and this was a complete surprise to me that there was Klan here , " said Jerry Agnew , the town 's police chief .
Yet the house on Louisiana Avenue that Foster was renting is owned by a Bogalusa deputy sheriff .
And leaders of Bogalusa 's black community , which makes up 41 percent of the town 's population , said they 've been reporting Klan sightings to the local police for more than a year .
In October 2007 , residents of one black neighborhood said they witnessed white - hooded Klan members on horseback riding through their streets .
And last March , Klan members openly handed out fliers in town advertising the second annual " Sons of Dixie Knights of the Ku Klux Klan Craw Fish Boil " held at the house Foster was renting .
" The city leaders want to make it look like this is just some small fringe group , " said Marvin Austin , 61 , a former city councilman who was once a member of a black self - defense group , the Deacons for Defense , that formed in the 1960s to defend black Bogalusa residents from the Klan .
" But the Klan still has a lot of sympathizers here . "
hwitt@tribune.com
A British mom is still suffering through a nightmare that began one year ago on a vacation to the Big Apple – when the city ’s child - welfare agency seized her daughters after she took ill , and put into a database information that prevents her from becoming a foster mother .
After Yvonne Bray contracted pneumonia during a Christmas - week shopping trip last year , her teenage daughters were held in a group home for 30 hours by the Administration for Children ’s Services , and she was hit with charges of abuse and neglect .
The traumatized schoolgirls – Gemma , 15 and Katie , 13 – said they were strip - searched , asked if they were ever sexually abused or suicidal , and were subsequently split up during the ordeal .
They were given medical examinations and told they could not leave .
Bray , 39 , who had just finished a 12 - month training course to become a foster mother , was told by British authorities she could n’t work with any children until her name was removed from the New York State Child Abuse Maltreatment Register .
Bray , who lives about 200 miles west of London , says she ’s spent almost the entire year writing letters and even contacting the US Embassy trying to clear her name .
“ It ’s crazy , ” the mom said in a telephone interview .
“ Why should I fight to clear my name for an accusation that never should have come about in the first place ? ”
ACS spokeswoman Sharman Stein said a form letter Bray received from the agency was “ generated as a matter of course ” after her children were temporarily placed in ACS care .
“ The letter is simply informational : Ms. Bray is not under investigation .
She never was , ” Stein said in a statement .
“ The letter she receives is simply the way in which our system is legally able to become involved in helping families which are unable to temporarily care for their children . ”
However , Bray said she received a copy of a letter that was sent to authorities stating she was the “ subject of a report of suspected child abuse or maltreatment ” reported to the state .
She is still unsure how her daughters ended up with ACS .
She remembers them accompanying her to a Queens hospital and waking up later to realize they were gone .
Bray said she had to make a flurry of calls to find out where they were .
She said the girls were traumatized by the experience .
“ My youngest one , she slept in my bed for three months after we got back , ” Bray said .
“ They still have issues with it . ”
Bray ’s Queens lawyer , Peter Lomtevas , says he may file a complaint with the city ’s Department of Investigation because ACS is obligated to provide parents with a follow - up letter saying they did not neglect or abuse their child after an investigation .
If that does n’t work he ’ll go to court .
The lawyer is not the only one in her corner .
A group in Britain has started a Facebook site called “ Justice for Yvonne Bray . ”
“ What I do n’t understand , ” Bray said , “ is why ACS was treating my children like they were being removed from an abusive home . ”
douglas.montero@nypost.com
The perfect companion for working programmers , True in a Nutshell is a comprehensive reference guide to the ubiquitous Unix utility program / bin / true .
It contains everything you need to know for all but the most obscure / bin / true questions .
This wealth of information is packed into an efficient , extraordinarily usable format .
About the Author Mike Taylor < mike@miketaylor.org.uk > has been programming with / bin / true since the 1980s , deploying it in a variety of mission - critical applications .
He has personally re-implemented / bin / true in numerous different programming languages and under several environments .
Table of Contents Preface
PART 1 : Getting Started Chapter 1 . Introduction to True What 's True Good For ?
Which Platforms Support True ?
True Resources Chapter 2 . Installing True
PART 2 : The History of True Chapter 3 . IEFBR14 Chapter 4 . true
PART 3 : Using True Chapter 5 . Truth and Falsehood Truth A Digression on Wasp - Farming Falsehood Chapter 6 .
Using True in CGI Scripts Chapter 7 .
Using True with Databases
PART 4 : Implementing True Chapter 8 . True Development Chapter 9 . Debugging
Index Index / bin / true ... page 1 CGI scripts ... page 1 databases ... page 2 falsehood ... page 1 farming , wasp ... see wasp farming true : debugging ... page 1 development ... page 1 installation ... page 1 truth ... page 1 wasp farming ... page 1 Reviews ``Good reference for the True - monger , a good way for the experienced programmer to start getting work done with / bin / true .
Rating 10/10 . " -- Simeon Blatherwick , slashdot.com , November 1999 .
`` This is by far the finest book I 've seen on True programming , for the beginner and advanced programmer alike .
Loaded with references , helpful hints , and code tid-bits , entertaining yet informative , and never too verbose , this is certainly well worth the price . ''
-- Brompton@thrick.thrick.edu ,
18/3/1999 , Amazon Books review ; rating =10 Colophon
Our look is the result of reader comments , our own experimentation , and feedback from distribution channels .
Distinctive covers complement our distinctive approach to technical topics , breathing personality and life into potentially dry subjects .
The animal featured on the cover of True in a Nutshell is a slug ( common or garden ) .
Slugs are molluscs , members of the class Gastropoda ( which has about 8000 species ) , subclass Pulmonata ( in which the mantle cavity has become a lung ) .
All gastropods show torsion : the body is twisted by 90° - 180° so the mantle ends up over the head , along with anus , kidney opening , etc .
Slugs are secondarily detorted .
Slugs can stand six to seven feet tall at the shoulders .
They are well known for their use as draft and saddle animals in the desert regions , especially of Africa and Asia , and the slug is sometimes known as ``the ship of the desert ' ' .
Slugs can go for days without water .
If food is scarce , they will eat anything , even their owner 's tent .
Slugs live up to 50 years , unless I 'm thinking of camels .
( I often get those two confused . )
Errata page 1 For ``True is one of the most important utilities in the entire Unix toolset '' , read ``True is one of the least important utilities in the entire Unix toolset ' '.
page 1 For ``
The concepts of truth and falsehood have fascinated mankind throughout history '' , read `` The innovative concepts of truth ( r ) and falsehood ( tm ) were invented by the Microsoft Corporation ( where do you want to go today ? ) in the early nineties , and are the exclusive property of Bill ( ``Billy the squid ' ' )
Gates ( tm ) .
All rights reserved .
Void except where prohibited .
Our lawyers will be in touch . ''
Index For ``page 2 '' , read ``page 1 ' '.
Reader Reviews ``I 've read the book and whilst it takes a little while to understand some of the more complicated chapters , it is thoroughly entertaining insight into the use of / bin / true .'' - Connor McDonald .
``Fantastic reference .
I 'll be using it every day .
I only hope you consider writing a similarly in - depth reference on yes and its often esoteric syntax . ''
- Eric Lorenz < true@mgoblue.com >
More reader reviews would be welcome .
Please email the author .
How to Order
There is no way to order this book , since it's an artifact of my imagination .
As I write ( 23rd August 2002 ) , readers ' comments have led me to propose this book to O'Reilly as sort of lightweight joke present for hackers .
A selection of readers ' comments is below .
``I 'd buy it of course [...]
I wonder if you could get O'Reilly to publish this , it'd make a great gift for friends . ''
- William Night < whitenight at kelora.org >
Ever thought of starting a comp.unix .
true newsgroup ?
I as an inductive logic programming researcher would true ly like a newsgroup about true and false :-) - Nico Jacobs . < Nico.Jacobs@cs.kuleuven.ac.be >
``Great Book - waiting for 4 years now to be delivered ...
Do whatever you want , as long as True in an Nutshell will be available . ''
- Florian Sachs < florian.sachs@alpha-medien.at >
``True in a Nutshell is fantastic , I had to show it my wife , but she had a hard time to appriciate it as much as I did . ''
- Clemens Lee < clemens@kclee.com >
`` Your web page on True was easily the funniest , most clever thing I 've seen in a long time .
I just had to write and tell you I was laughing uncontrollably .
Thanks for brightening my day ! ''
- Asa Martin < asac@yahoo.com >
`` I found a link to True in a Nutshell off Slashdot , and thought it was brilliant . '' - Dan Milstein .
``I really think you should get O'Reilly to print it .
I 'd buy a copy . '' - Sean Gilley < slg@mycroft.cmhnet.org >
``I 've been a UNIX developer for 15 years , and a few minutes ago I found your True in a Nutshell page and it made me burst in laughter so hard I had tears in my eyes . ''
- Pierre Rioux ``True in a Nutshell made me laugh my guts out !'' - Jani Nurminen .
``ROTFL .
Bravo .
Loved it .
Wonderful job on the artwork too . '' - Matt Walsh ( www.mattwalsh.com) ` `I love your True book .
I love even more the idea that this book could actually be printed - immediately I would buy three or four copies . ''
- Roman Putanowicz < putanowr@twins.pk.edu.pl >
``Good luck in your quest to be published .
I 'll buy a dozen if it works out . ''
- Eric Lorenz < true@mgoblue.com >
`` Great stuff .
I loved that book , and have had fantastic feedback from everyone I 've sent it to ! ''
- Darren Collins ( www.pool-room.com/CodeCraft) `` What , no pocket guide to go along with the book ?
Seriously , I laughed so hard I nearly puked .
I wish ORA really would print this .
It would make a great gag gift for my programmer buds . ''
- Jim Turner < JTurner@hertz.com >
``I very much appreciate your excellent work on True In A Nutshell .
It is a true ;-) standout in an over - crowded field .
If I can make one suggestion , it is : more screenshots please . ''
- Dave Edwards < etemp@sympatico.ca >
References to This Web Page True in a Nutshell was featured in the 2002 - 03 issue of CodeCraft , an email newsletter for programmers .
An online version of that issue can be found at : http://www.pool-room.com/CodeCraft/2002/03.html
More feedback would be welcome .
Please email the author .
Des Moines , Iowa – December 11 , 2008 – Throughout history , human beings have used the whistle for everything from hailing a cab to carrying a tune .
Now , an orangutan 's spontaneous whistling is providing scientists at Great Ape Trust of Iowa new insights into the evolution of speech and learning .
In a paper published this month in Primates , an international journal of primatology that provides a forum on all aspects of primates in relation to humans and other animals , Great Ape Trust scientist Dr. Serge Wich and his colleagues provide the first - ever documentation of a primate mimicking a sound from another species without being specifically trained to do so .
Bonnie , a 30 - year - old female orangutan living at the Smithsonian National Zoological Park in Washington , D.C. , began whistling – a sound that is in a human's , but not an orangutan's , repertoire – after hearing an animal caretaker make the sound .
" This is important because it provides a mechanism to explain documented between - population variation in sounds for wild orangutans , " Wich said .
" In addition , it counters a long - held assumption that non-human primates have fairly fixed sound repertoires that are not under voluntary control .
Being able to learn new sounds and use these voluntarily are also two important aspects of human speech and these findings open up new avenues to study certain aspects of human speech evolution in our closest relatives . "
Previous studies have indicated that orangutans and chimpanzees are capable of species - atypical sounds and vocalizations , but only under the strong influence of human training .
Bonnie , however , was not explicitly trained to whistle , according to Wich and his co-authors – Great Ape Trust scientists Dr. Karyl Swartz and Dr. Rob Shumaker ; Madeleine E. Hardus and Adriano R. Lameira , doctoral candidates at the Utrecht University in The Netherlands assigned to the Ketambe Research Center in Sumatra , where Wich is research co-manager ; and Erin Stromberg , an animal caretaker at the National Zoo .
Scientists have long known that orangutans copy physical movements of humans , but Bonnie 's whistling indicates that the learning capacities of orangutans and other great apes in the auditory domain might be more flexible than previously believed , Wich said .
The behavior goes against the argument that orangutans have no control over their vocalizations and the sounds are purely emotional – that is , an involuntary response to stimuli such as predators .
Bonnie appears to whistle for the sake of making a sound rather than to receive a food reward or some other incentive .
If asked to whistle , she is likely to oblige , another indication to scientists that she makes the sound voluntarily .
In their paper , Wich and his colleagues also shared anecdotal information about Indah , a female orangutan who lived with Bonnie at the National Zoo before moving to Great Ape Trust in 2004 .
Indah also began to whistle some years after Bonnie was first observed making the sound in the late 1980s , but Indah died before recordings could be made of her whistles .
Scientists believe that Indah 's whistling was a vocalization learned from Bonnie .
That compares with what scientists assume about social learning in wild orangutan populations .
For example earlier work by Dr. van Schaik and colleagues showed that wild orangutans in one population make a " raspberry " sound during nest - making , while orangutans in another population make a " nest smack " sound when engaged in the same activity .
Wich said it 's unlikely that purely genetic or ecological factors explain the differences in sounds of different orangutan populations .
Rather , it 's more likely others copy one orangutan 's innovative sound because the sound serves a function .
" This is a very strong indication that different sounds among wild populations are learned and are not purely genetically or ecologically based , " Wich said .
" This is a great indication that orangutans can learn sounds not in their repertoire from another species , and they are flexible in using them . "
The scientific investigation with Bonnie at the National Zoo was supported in part by a grant from the David Bohnett Foundation and complements field studies of wild orangutans , where differences have been noted in the call repertoires between populations .
A strength at Great Ape Trust is the ability of its scientists to conduct simultaneous studies on both captive orangutans and wild orangutans on the Indonesian island of Sumatra at the Ketambe Research Center , where Wich is research co-manager .
" Bringing captive and field research together is an unharvested field , " Wich said , " and it offers great potential to Great Ape Trust . "
The research also builds on earlier investigations by ape language pioneer Dr. Sue Savage - Rumbaugh a scientist with special standing at Great Ape Trust , and others on the ability of great apes to imitate human speech .
Specifically , Savage - Rumbaugh 's 1991 investigation centered on whether the bonobo Kanzi , a member of the colony of bonobos now living at Great Ape Trust , might have structurally different vocalizations than bonobos in another group .
In a 2004 study , Savage - Rumbaugh looked at whether Kanzi was attempting to imitate human speech .
The results of these studies did enlarge scientists ' appreciation of the plasticity in primate sound and vocal learning and indicated that primates might have some plasticity to produce completely new sounds , Wich and his colleagues wrote .
The new findings reopen the door on such research .
" One of the main things we do not understand yet is the evolution of speech , " Wich said .
Wich will present the findings on Dec. 18 at a scientific symposium on orangutan genetics at the University of Zürich , Switzerland .
Source : Great Ape Trust of Iowa
This orangutan 's spontaneous whistling is providing scientists at Great Ape Trust of Iowa new insights into the evolution of speech and learning .
( Photo Credit : Smithsonian National Zoological Park )
“ It ’s Not Your Parents ’ Prohibition ”
Stephen W. Dillon ’s Welcome Address
To The 37th Annual NORML Conference
October 17 - 18 , 2008
Berkeley , California
Doubletree Hotel / Marina
I. Welcome / Introduction ( Cannabem liberemus ! )
Good morning !
I am Steve Dillon , chairman of the NORML Board of Directors .
I want to welcome all of you to our 37th Annual Conference in beautiful Berkeley , California .
We are very glad you are here – California is still the ground zero in the government ’s war on medical marijuana .
I am honored and excited to be with you and our outstanding group of speakers and panelists .
We have a great conference planned .
There are lots of opportunities to learn , share , experience with each other , and recommit to ending the government ’s prohibition of marijuana .
II .
The theme of the conference this year is : “ It ’s Not Your Parents ’ Prohibition “ .
My parents were born during the government ’s failed effort at alcohol prohibition ( 1919 - 1934 ) .
They learned about home - made beer and wine and even about secret stills for liquor in their basements .
They shared with me some of the alcohol paraphernalia of my grandfather , Dr. John Dillon .
He had a silver folding whiskey glass and a leather cigar case with fake glass cigars or containers for booze .
My parents were n’t old enough to drink alcohol during the prohibition , but my grandparents did regularly .
My parents did n’t think that their parents were criminals , only Al Capone and the gangsters who committed violent acts to support their illegal business enterprises .
There was an attitude of our citizens at that time that the government could n’t really tell us that we could n’t drink , we were Americans !
It was fun to go to the speak - easy .
It was a “ forbidden fruit ” that lead some people to drink alcohol just because we were n’t suppose to .
However , people did n’t often get arrested for drinking a beer or having a glass of wine .
People did n’t have their homes searched or seized or forfeited for home brew or wine .
This marijuana prohibition is much worse than our parents ’ prohibition .
( 1 ) unconstitutional / illegal , ( 2 ) more costly , ( 3 ) much longer / never - ending , ( 4 ) loss of freedom and property , ( 5 ) loss of opportunity , ( 6 ) loss of medicine and compassionate care of sick , ( 7 ) dishonest , ( 8 ) drug - testing .
What were the results of the American alcohol prohibition ?
It is undisputed that the prohibition was a complete failure .
It certainly did n’t work to prohibit alcohol consumption by millions of Americans , from the very rich to the very poor .
The prohibition resulted in an increase in organized crime and brutal violence .
It resulted in corruption of our courts , police , and politicians .
It misdirected our tax resources – it wasted millions of dollars that could have been spent to improve the lives of Americans .
The prohibition resulted in a growing disrespect for government and law enforcement .
It led to countless deaths , not only from the gang violence in the streets trying to control the illegal market , but also from the deaths from tainted home - made liquor – “ bathtub gin ” .
The prohibition made millions of American citizens “ criminals ” overnight , even though the vast majority had no intent to harm anyone , not even themselves .
They had lost the right to choose .
Federal law enforcement officials like the FBI ’s Hoover , used the prohibition as a reason to greatly increase the funding and power of their agencies ; and they have never relinquished that power .
The alcohol prohibition was doomed because it was standing directly in the way of the citizens ’ right to choose to use alcohol – even if it was n’t good for them .
There is a fundamental belief in America that we the people have the right to make decisions about how we live our life .
That we are entitled to life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness – however we define it , as long as we do n’t hurt others or interfere with their rights .
The government ’s marijuana prohibition was also doomed to fail for the same reasons .
III .
The government ’s 71 year prohibition of marijuana has also failed and is also counter - productive .
When the marijuana prohibition started in 1937 , the government was trying to keep in place the federal law enforcement bureaucracy from the alcohol prohibition which ended just a few years before .
The government picked marijuana to prohibit for a variety of reasons such as : ( 1 ) mostly blacks and Mexicans used marijuana ( maybe 5000 users at the time ) .
– racist , ( 2 ) most Americans were unaware of the benefits of marijuana , even though it was used in many patent medicines and treatments , ( 3 ) powerful lobbyists and their politicians protected the pharmaceutical industry , the paper industry , the oil industries from the competition for consumer dollars .
The prohibition is still in place for all these reasons , mainly greed and control .
The marijuana prohibition has also resulted in an increase in organized , violent crime and gang warfare on our streets .
It has resulted in corruption of police , politicians , and courts .
It has wasted billions of our tax dollars each year ; money that could be spent on education , or roads , or Social Security , or on protecting us from real crime or real terrorists .
The marijuana prohibition has led to a strong disrespect for government , in general ; and for school , police , and law enforcement officials , in particular .
One of the worst consequences of the marijuana prohibition is the loss of the truth about marijuana and its benefits .
The government lies about marijuana .
Drug Czar Walters regularly states that people are n’t getting arrested for marijuana possession .
This is despite the fact that the FBI Uniform Crime Report for 2007 recently stated that 872,721 citizens were arrested last year .
One arrest each 37 seconds !
( 90 % for possession only )
Last week on October 10 , 2008 the 20th million arrest for marijuana in this country happened .
Samuel Caldwell was the first federal marijuana prisoner .
He was sentenced in October 1937 to Ft. Leavenworth for four ( 4 ) years for two ( 2 ) joints .
He died in prison of stomach cancer .
There are now at least 33 , 655 state marijuana prisoners and 10,785 federal marijuana prisoners .
One out of eight ( 1/8 ) inmates are there for a marijuana offense .
The marijuana arrests last year were a record , up 5 % since the year before .
Marijuana arrests accounted for almost ½ ( 47.5 % ) of all drug arrests in the country .
Our America , sweet land of liberty has 5 % of the world ’s population , but 25 % of the world ’s prison population .
Americans will smoke pot if they want to , just like past Americans drank alcohol if they wanted to .
About ½ of the adult population has tried marijuana .
Over twenty ( 20 ) million regularly use it .
Twelve ( 12 ) states have medical marijuana laws and dozens of cities and towns have decriminalized marijuana possession or have made it the lowest priority of law enforcement .
More states are passing and considering eliminating the ban on hemp and hemp products , also .
The American public knows that marijuana is n’t ’ harmful to them like alcohol or nicotine , which are legal , regulated , and taxed .
The government itself has recognized and reported the truth in the past about marijuana and its effects ; such as the Shafer Commission in 1972 and DEA Administrative Judge Francis Young ’s decision in 1988 .
Many medical studies and reports from all over the world , for thousands of years , have told us about the relative safety and medical benefits of marijuana .
The American public has responded to numerous polls indicating that marijuana prohibition should end .
The Zogby poll ( 3/22/07 ) found that over half of all Americans support decriminalization .
The Time / CNN poll ( 2002 ) found that 72 % of Americans wanted decriminalization for possession and 75 % favored allowing states to provide for medical marijuana .
We have come to the point where it is totally illogical and counterproductive to prohibit marijuana .
About 80 % of the voters in the medical marijuana states voted for change .
IV .
We know prohibitions do n’t work .
10 year effort / strategy ( 1998 - 2008 ) UN report on drug eradication concluded recently that despite the 10 year plan - drugs are cheaper , better , and more available .
This continuing , disastrous violation of our fundamental rights is destroying our land and darkening our spirits .
A quote regularly attributed to President Abraham Lincoln is ….. ” That prohibition goes beyond the bounds of reason in that it attempts to control a man ’s appetite by legislation and makes a crime out of things that are not crimes …. a prohibition law strikes a blow at the very principles upon which our government was founded . ”
Our first marijuana law in 1619 was in Virginia .
It mandated that each farmer must grow it .
Our Founding Fathers grew it and used it .
Presidents George Washington and Jefferson wrote about it .
President Jefferson said “ that the freedom and happiness of man are the sole objects of all legitimate government . ”
He also reminds us that “ eternal vigilance is the price of liberty . ”
They risked their lives , fortunes , and sacred honor to defend their liberty .
What will we do ?
V. Conclusion
Our government must be forced to change direction and end this disastrous marijuana prohibition !
We need to elect new leaders and restore our freedom to choose for ourselves .
Just like the alcohol prohibition , we must recognize that the prohibition has failed and restore our liberty and freedom – end the costly damage to us , and our constitutional rights .
It is important to remember that the government needed to pass the 18th Amendment to try to regulate alcohol .
There is no constitutional amendment giving the federal government the power to prohibit marijuana .
The states have the right to continue to make laws regarding cannabis as long as they do n’t violate our fundamental liberties contained in the bill of rights .
It is time for a change !
It is time to take action to end prohibition .
We are the people !
We are the majority .
We have the truth on our side , and we have the courage to stand up for our rights .
What are we waiting for ?
If we wait for someone else to fight for our freedom , we will lose it .
As Simon Weisenthal , a Holocaust survivor said “ Freedom is not a gift from god .
If you want freedom , you must work for it every day . ”
I look forward to working with you all in this battle .
We are winning !
And we will win !
We will look back sometime soon , and be glad we spoke truth to power and to re-legalize marijuana .
Thank you for attending and participating in our conference .
I know you will enjoy this opportunity to rekindle the flames of liberty and justice in each of us and in our country
And let us go forth from this place , committed anew to the cause of liberty for all people , the next year we may celebrate in a world made better by our efforts ..
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Watching what has transpired in Mumbai over the past ten days it seem it seems tensions between India and Pakistan are , unfortunately , growing .
Consequently , this usually means tensions between Hindus and Muslims in India may possibly rise as well .
The Muslim Council of India has done an excellent job of dissociating itself and Indian Muslims from the recent attacks with strong condemnations , as well as their sending the message that no Muslim cemetery should bury the terrorists .
It is a strong , positive step towards reclaiming the message and spirit of Islam for honest , decent Muslims .
It reminds me of the rise of the Chishtiyya Sufi movement about 700 years ago .
The Chishtiyya were a Sufi Order that preached a strong emphasis on living a very simple life , ascetic , esoteric lifestyle .
In the 1300 ’s , they were led by Nizam al - Din Awliya who promoted rejection of the Sultanate of Delhi .
The Chishtiyya members in India were mostly a rural phenomenon , which was a change from traditional Islam in India , since up until that time Islam was mostly an urban phenomenon .
The Chishtiyya , because of their strong emphasis on asceticism ( something common to Hinduism ) , they were able to convert Hindus in rural areas , and themselves took up many Hindu practices .
This Sufi Order promoted rejection of the Sultanate , and began taking up appearance similar to that traditionally worn by Brahmins .
They also had excellent conflict management skills , which they practiced in rural , primarily Hindu , villages .
Their conflict management boded well for them , allowing them to gain heavy influence and respect in the Indian countryside .
However , it also caused tensions between the ruling class Hindus and the more orthodox practicing Muslims .
This increase in tensions also caused a lot of trouble for the already oppressive Sultanate , who took even more oppressive measures to maintain what little control they had over the rural population ; fearing the Chishtiyya , who were gaining more and more control , would threaten their dynasty .
The Sufi Chishtiyya became a leading movement in India , and through their efforts , actually led to more tolerance of Hindus by Muslims in India , and more tolerance of the continuing blending of Islamic and Hindu practices .
Because of the Chishtiyya , Indian Muslims were able to relate more to Hindus and were more tolerant of non-Muslims than non-Indian Muslims ; something that would rub off on the Mughals , especially Akbar .
It 's already been suggested by some that Karl Rove handed the Democratic Party its playbook for this month 's election win .
Since Rove needs all the good press he can get , he 's grabbing the " I Got the First Black President Elected " meme with both hands and holding on until his next lucrative consulting gig .
In an interview with the New York Times Magazine , Rove takes a break from crafting a Palin - Bush hybrid for contention in 2012 to make himself look good : Deborah Solomon 's painfully , quippy interviews usually reveal more about her than about the interview subject in question , but it looks like she hit a nerve with ole KR :
Do you see the election results as a repudiation of your politics ?
Our new president - elect won one and a half points more than George W. Bush won in 2004 , and he did so , in great respect , by adopting the methods of the Bush campaign and conducting a vast army of persuasion to identify and get out the vote .
Ah yes , Karl .
The idea to get more people to vote .
You came up with that in the early 1500s when you were working as a blacksmith in a small Scottish village .
Next , Solomon unravels the terrifying web that connects Barack to Karl :
Have you met Barack Obama ?
Yes , I know him .
He was a member of the Senate while I was at the White House and we shared a mutual friend , Ken Mehlman , his law - school classmate .
When Obama came to the White House , we would talk about our mutual friend .
Are you going to send him a little note congratulating him ?
I already have .
I sent it to his office .
I sent him a handwritten note with funny stamps on the outside .
What kind of funny stamps ?
Stamps .
Do not lick the stamps , Barack .
That 's the least Bill Ayers can do considering what a pain he 's been over the last few months .
Activity in different brain regions changes when attention lapses ( Image : StoneImages / AGEFotostock / ImageState )
PAY attention please , using as much of your brain as possible .
When your mind wanders during a boring task , it may be because parts of your brain simply disconnect .
Knowing that activity in different brain regions changes when attention lapses , Daniel Weissman of the University of Michigan , Ann Arbor , wondered if there were also changes in the crosstalk between regions .
Weissman asked volunteers to spend a tedious hour in a functional - MRI brain scanner , identifying letters that flashed on a screen .
At times , their reactions slowed , showing that attention was …
Given the speed at which the federal government is throwing money at the financial crisis , the average taxpayer , never mind member of Congress , might not be faulted for losing track .
CNBC , however , has been paying very close attention and keeping a running tally of actual spending as well as the commitments involved .
And there 's been quite a jump since we last tabulated things two weeks ago .
Try $ 7.36 trillion dollars .
That 's more than double what was spent on WW II , if adjusted for inflation , based on our computations from a variety of estimates and sources .
Not only is it an astronomical amount of money , it 's a complicated cocktail of budgeted dollars , actual spending , guarantees , loans , swaps and other market mechanisms by the Federal Reserve , the Treasury and other offices of government taken over roughly the last year , based on government data and news releases .
Strictly speaking , not every cent is a direct result of what 's called the financial crisis , but they 're all arguably related to it .
The bulk of the sum falls under the Federal Reserve 's umbrella , while another good chunk ( $ 700 billion ) is the under the Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) as defined under the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act , signed into law in early October .
( The TARP alone is bigger than virtually any other US government endeavor dating back to the Louisiana Purchase .
See slideshow . )
When is local journalism not really local ?
When it ’s about Pasadena and written by someone in India .
James Macpherson , editor and publisher of the Pasadena Now website , hired two reporters last weekend to cover the Pasadena City Council .
One lives in Mumbai and will be paid $ 12,000 a year .
The other will work in Bangalore for $ 7,200 .
For the record : For The Record
Los Angeles Times Monday May 14 , 2007 Home Edition Main News Part A Page 2 National Desk 1 inches ; 40 words Type of Material : Correction
Outsourced news :
An article Friday in the Business section about a news site hiring two reporters in India to cover Pasadena said India was 12.5 hours ahead of Pacific Standard Time .
India is 12.5 hours ahead of Pacific Daylight Time .
The council broadcasts its meetings on the Web .
From nearly 9,000 miles away , the outsourced journalists plan to watch , then write their stories while their boss sleeps -- India is 12.5 hours ahead of Pacific Standard Time .
“ A lot of the routine stuff we do can be done by really talented people in another time zone at much lower wages , ” said Macpherson , 51 , who used to run a clothing business with manufacturing help from Vietnam and India .
Advertisement
So , on the Indian version of Craigslist , he posted an ad that said in part , “ We do not believe that geographic distance between California and India will present unsurmountable problems , and that working together with you will result in your development of a keen working knowledge of this city ’s affairs . ”
Dozens replied .
One of the two chosen had attended the UC Berkeley Graduate School of Journalism .
Rob Gunnison , the director of school affairs there , is dismayed .
“ It just seems so fundamental to journalism to be there , ” Gunnison said .
“ I still ca n’t quite believe it ’s not a hoax . ”
It ’s not .
Macpherson plans to run his first batch of outsourced stories Tuesday .
The Pasadena native runs the website , which he said gets 45,000 visitors a month , on a shoestring budget from his condo with help from his wife , a data entry worker and two interns .
Macpherson plans to hire half a dozen more Indian reporters .
He ’ll add some local flavor by doing interviews , then e-mailing the recordings to India .
“ When you instant - message someone in Mumbai , it ’s like looking over her shoulder , ” he said .
Advertisement
Larry Wilson , editor of the 30,000 - circulation Pasadena Star - News newspaper , scoffed .
“ To pretend you can get the feel and the culture of a town as complicated and interesting as Pasadena by e-mailing and doing things over the Internet is nutty , ” he said .
Ann Erdman , spokeswoman for the city of Pasadena , thinks the approach is a little odd .
But “ as long as they get their facts correct , I ’m a happy camper , ” she said .
alex.pham@latimes.com
Nearly $ 8 Billion In Iraqi Debt Cancelled
BAN HAILS MOVE BY CREDITOR NATIONS TO CANCEL NEARLY $ 8 BILLION IN IRAQI DEBT
New York , Dec 24 2008 2:10 PM
Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon today hailed the decision of the 19 - member Paris Club of nations to cancel the remaining 20 per cent of Iraq ’s debt from the Saddam Hussein era – amounting to $ 7.8 billion – and called on other creditors to take similar action to help the country rebuild its economy .
“ This is a major achievement and acknowledgement of the Iraqi Government ’s determination to implement necessary reforms despite overwhelming challenges , ” Mr. Ban ’s spokesperson said in a statement .
“ The Secretary - General takes this opportunity to call on creditors , other than those of the Paris Club , to advance Iraqi debt relief to facilitate the country ’s path to prosperity and reintegration into the regional and international economy , ” the statement added .
According to the statement , the 22 December decision by the Paris Club , an informal grouping of creditor nations , was taken in the context of the International Compact with Iraq , which is co-chaired by the United Nations and the Iraqi Government .
Under the Compact , launched in May 2007 , the Government of Iraq will work to meet basic needs , protect the rights of all citizens and ensure the optimal use of the country ’s resources for the common good .
Dec 24 2008 2:10 PM
© Scoop Media
Brown economists : Ancestral history explains roots of income inequality
Related images
( click to enlarge )
Two Brown University economists have created a new data set explaining differences in the world 's current per capita gross domestic products ( GDPs ) .
In a National Bureau of Economic Research working paper , Louis Putterman and David N. Weil introduce a " World Migration Matrix " showing that inequality among countries can be largely explained by where the ancestors of each country 's people lived some 500 years ago .
" What matters is the history of the people who live in a country today , more than the history of the country itself , " they say .
The World Migration Matrix is some of the first economic growth data to account for great population movements of the last half - millennium .
For 165 countries , the matrix identifies where the ancestors of the permanent residents were living in the year 1500 .
The data illustrates how today 's countries are extremely diverse in terms of immigration .
For example , the fraction of ancestors for today 's population who lived in their present country in 1500 is :
3 percent for the United States , Canadia , Australia , and New Zealand ;
94 to 98 percent for Southeast Asia , South Asia , and East Asia ;
94 percent for Europe ;
89 percent for North Africa and West and Central Asia ;
65 percent for Mexico and Central America ;
20 percent for South America ;
0 percent for the Caribbean .
When Putterman and Weil used the matrix to investigate the effects of the post -1500 population movements on income differences today , the results were " almost breathtaking . "
The power of regional origins is illustrated by the fact that in a 125 - country regression , 44 percent of the variance in current per capita GDP is accounted for by entering only the share of the population 's ancestors that lived in Europe in 1500 .
Putterman and Weil say their findings are in line with other studies that find centuries - long persistence in the impact of other growth determinants , including the long - standing presence of state - level polities , the early transition to agriculture , and early advancement with respect to technologies like writing and number systems .
But when Putterman and Weil examine these early indicators — then adjust for the origin of nations ' current populations — the impact on today 's incomes becomes even stronger .
More precisely , state history and year of agricultural transition explain less than 10 percent of the variance in today 's country incomes ; corrected for post - 1500 population shifts , either variable can explain about a quarter of that variance .
Accounting for population origins in those countries having large non-indigenous population shares , like the countries of the Americas , Oceania , Taiwan and Singapore , provides a substantially more accurate window into the persistence of past advantages .
The research builds on work published by Putterman this month in Economica , asserting that early agriculture development has long - term consequences on a country 's economic growth .
In " Agriculture , Diffusion and Development : Ripple Effects of the Neolithic Revolution , " Putterman created new , country - specific estimates of the timing of agricultural transition for 160 counties , the oldest dating back 10,500 years ( Jordan and Israel ) .
He demonstrated tht the number of years since a society made the transition from hunting and gathering to agriculture is highly correlated to the level of income in the country today .
That is , the earlier the agriculture development , the higher the income .
But as Putterman and Weil 's later work shows , history 's influence on economic capabilities is not limited to the locations in which innovations first took place because technologies and social capabilities can be transferred from one place to another — including by migrations such as those that have remade the globe since the 15th - century encounter between the Old and New worlds .
Putterman and Weil reflect on the implications of this work in a column on Vox.com , a Web site featuring research - based policy analysis and commentary from leading economists :
" First , if this influence is indeed as significant as our findings suggest it to be , then efforts to sort out the roles that geographic , institutional , and other factors play in explaining income levels and growth rates may produce misleading results unless we properly control for it .
" Second , the influence of population origins suggests that there is something that human families and communities transmit from generation to generation — perhaps a form of economic culture , a set of attitudes or beliefs , or informally transmitted capabilities — that is of at least similar importance to economic success as are more widely recognized factors like quantities of physical capital and even human capital in the narrower sense of formal schooling .
If we understand which culturally transmitted factors are important and what contributes to their emergence and propagation , we might be able to design policy interventions that could help less successful groups and countries to close their developmental gaps . "
ATLANTA ( Reuters ) - Circuit City Stores Inc , the No. 2 U.S. consumer electronics retailer , filed for bankruptcy on Monday just weeks before the start of the holiday shopping season , becoming the largest retailer to file for Chapter 11 since Kmart in 2002 .
The logo for Circuit City store is seen in New York , October 10 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Shannon Stapleton
Circuit City fell victim to tighter credit terms from vendors , a dwindling cash position and decreased consumer spending amid a deepening economic crisis .
The filing comes one week after the 59 - year - old retailer said it would close 155 U.S. stores , or more than one - fifth of its retail base , and cut 17 percent of its U.S. work force .
The retailer and 17 affiliates filed for protection from creditors in U.S. bankruptcy court in Richmond , Virginia , where it is based .
Its Canadian operations also filed for creditor protection in an Ontario court .
Analysts said there was now a possibility the company would close more U.S. stores as it negotiates to exit costly leases in Chapter 11 .
“ Do n’t rule anything out yet , ” said Jefferies & Co analyst Dan Binder .
“ You could go away , you could restructure to something smaller , maybe somebody buys the brand and a couple hundred stores and maybe it ends up a regional player . ”
The company could face an uphill struggle to reorganize and emerge from bankruptcy since credit is tight and consumer spending has plummeted .
“ It has a lot to do with the macroeconomic crisis in the world right now , ” said Aravindh Vanchesan , program manager for the retail systems group at consulting firm Frost & Sullivan .
“ Right now , customers are cutting back on spending . ”
U.S. home - goods retailer Linens ‘n Things tried to maintain operations by closing a portion of its stores after its May Chapter 11 filing , but finally liquidated altogether .
Last week , smaller electronics chain Tweeter filed Chapter 11 and said it was holding store - closing sales .
RECENT LAYOFFS
In Monday ’s filing , Chief Financial Officer Bruce Besanko said the company hoped to secure financing to continue its turnaround .
The company expressed hope it would be able to emerge from Chapter 11 in the first half of 2009 .
“ Without immediate relief , the company is concerned that it will not receive goods for Black Friday and the upcoming holiday season , which could cause irreparable harm to the company and its stakeholders , ” Besanko said .
Besanko ’s statement said 1,300 workers were laid off on November 7 .
That day , the Richmond newspaper reported that hundreds of workers had been let go from company headquarters .
The Chapter 11 filing caps a tough two years for the company , which posted losses for five of the past six quarters and faced a proxy contest from a major shareholder this year .
Movie -rental firm Blockbuster Inc withdrew a takeover bid for Circuit City in July .
The company ’s stock has swooned 99 percent since January 2007 and now trades at less than 50 cents .
The shares were suspended by the NYSE on Monday .
SUPPLIER SQUEEZE
In recent weeks , suppliers pinched by the global credit crunch tightened terms , sometimes requiring upfront payment from Circuit City before shipping goods .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
Industry leader Best Buy Co , discounter Wal - Mart Stores and regional retailers such as hhgregg are expected to benefit from electronics store closures in the longer term , analysts have said .
But the flood of discounted merchandise from liquidating Circuit City stores could hurt Best Buy this holiday shopping season , which is expected to be one of the bleakest in recent years as consumers grapple with rising unemployment and the soft economy .
“ Longer term , you ’ve got Best Buy , who ’s dominant in the sector , taking share .
But in the short run it could feel the pain of the liquidation activity , ” Binder said .
According to the filing , Circuit City had $ 3.4 billion of assets and $ 2.32 billion of debt as of August 31 , and more than 100,000 creditors .
The company has arranged a commitment for debtor - in - possession financing of $ 1.1 billion , which will allow it to continue to operate .
Among the company ’s largest unsecured creditors are Hewlett - Packard Co , which is owed $ 118.8 million ; Samsung Electronics Co , owed $ 115.9 million ; and Sony Corp , the filing shows .
The largest shareholders include HBK Master Fund LP and First Pacific Advisors LLC , according to the filing .
Best Buy shares closed down 38 cents , or 1.5 percent , to $ 25.21 on the New York Stock Exchange on Monday , and hhgregg fell 18 cents , or 3.5 percent , to $ 4.93 .
Merry Christmas and happy Michaelmas term , UK residents !
Eat that figgy pudding and wassail while you can ; once Christmas is over , ISPs around the island are climbing aboard the deep packet inspection train and planning to ride it all the way to Profit - in - the - Wold .
Charging broadcasters more money to deliver content and selling their users ' clickstream data to third - party advertising firms like Phorm are just two of the creative ways that ISPs want to use the " business intelligence " provided by DPI .
The quite brazen profit - making scheme at work here has three components .
Not every ISP is using all three pieces yet , but all rely on similar back - end technology .
If ISPs become ( and their customers ) grow comfortable with any one of these DPI uses , it certainly becomes easier to roll out variations on the theme .
Squeeze broadcasters
TV 's transition to the Internet is well underway .
Satellite and cable broadcasters can already make money from carrying offline channels into the home , and ISPs want in on the game .
Never mind that the people on both sides of such connections already pay market rates for their bandwidth , or that this money propagates through ISP networks thanks to transit and peering connections between ISPs — it 's much easier for ISPs to complain instead about freeriding media companies and the huge problems caused by HD video .
According to Tuesday 's Financial Times , ISPs are hoping to put the squeeze on broadcasters .
Virgin Media , in particular , " said that it expected new business models to involve payment from broadcasters for delivering their high - definition content across its fibre - optic network . "
Other ISPs want revenue from the " Project Canvas " set - top box project that public broadcasters are designing in order to bring Internet - delivered video to the TV .
Companies like Tiscali have also singled out video services like the BBC iPlayer and suggested that the BBC needed to pay for all of the demand it was placing on the network .
Throttle BitTorrent
While legal video delivery presents opportunities for ISPs to cash in , the same does n't hold true for illicit video distribution .
And what tool is widely used for such distribution ?
BitTorrent .
According to The Register , Virgin Media has just indicated its plan to start restricting BitTorrent traffic in 2009 .
Currently , the company has an application - agnostic approach to throttling traffic , one which it claims provides excellent quality to 95 percent of its customers during peak usage times .
Shifting away from the scheme does n't appear to be a bandwidth management issue , therefore , so much as a desire to get involved in helping content owners police content .
It all sounds a bit like the Comcast case , but in reverse .
In the US , an FCC decision against singling out one particular protocol ( whether or not it was being used legally or illegally ) prompted the cable ISP to move towards an agnostic filtering solution that should soon be fully deployed .
In the UK , regulators do n't appear to have the same problems with ISPs deciding which protocols to favor or disfavor , and the public outcry over the issue has been muted .
Sell clickstream data
The same might be said for services like Phorm and NebuAd , whose business model basically went bust in the US this year as Congress showed strong resistance ( and help multiple hearings ) to its plans .
Both companies use DPI appliances installed within ISP networks to analyze user visits to web pages and the content of those pages ; users are then slotted anonymously into ad categories , and web pages that elect to use the system will serve highly targeted ads to these readers .
Despite controversy over the scheme and BT 's role in conducting secret trials of the technology , it has n't attracted the same level of resistance in the UK that it received in the US .
With its trials complete , BT announced this week that it was going ahead with a Phorm partnership .
No details were provided , though UK regulators have already signed off on the technology .
Regulatory approval apparently comes with an opt - in requirement , though , making the product substantially better than the opt - out approach previously being considered ( and used in all major US tests of the technology ) .
Overblown ?
Taken together , the three approaches to monetizing an ISP network might sound terrible to the ears of Internet lovers , but let 's listen again and see if we can't hear a slightly sweeter song among the din .
The most spectacular charge of the three above , that a major UK ISP would move away from agnostic throttling to single out BitTorrent , was a Register exclusive that came from an interview with Virgin Media 's boss .
But is it true ?
" It 's not true , " said Asam Ahmad , a Virgin Media spokesman , in an interview today with our sister publication Wired .
" There are no changes planned in our traffic management policy . "
( I know what you 're thinking — a Register story that 's less than completely accurate ?
Shocking ! )
How one can get something this specific wrong remains unclear ... unless Virgin Media is flat - out lying .
But CEOs are generally quite careful about saying things like " We 're going to throttle BitTorrent next year ! " when reporters are in earshot , without thinking such a statement through first .
This , after all , is the company that says right on its own website that BitTorrent is a tool so awesome that " once you try it you 'll never know how you managed to live without it . "
And the Phorm story , while certainly true , at least appears to address the most common complaint about such services : their opt - out nature .
It 's not clear how Phorm and BT will encourage people to opt -in to a service that only promises " better ads ! " , but we assume they have a plan .
So , while UK ISPs certainly use a different playbook than those in the US — many of the big ones send out notifications to users flagged by the music business for illegally sharing music , for instance — the difference remains one of degree .
If Tiscali demanded payment for carrying valuable content , remember that the demand came only years after AT&T boss Ed Whitacre made similar comments in the US , comments that in part spurred public interest in the entire net neutrality issue .
Network neutrality debates have been smoldering of late , but this week brought them roaring back to life .
With the Wall Street Journal claiming in a confusing piece that Google was backing off its own support for network neutrality and the recent interest in ISP news from the UK , anyone interested in the debate has ample reason to start shouting about the topic once more .
D.C. cops caught stealing from Toys for Tots on Christmas eve Stephen C. Webster
Published : Saturday December 27 , 2008
Print This Email This
This year , the Grinch is wearing blue instead of green .
On Christmas day , four Washington , D.C. police officers were caught on tape stealing from Toys for Tots , a charity organization that collects toys for poor children .
The United States Marines led the group 's toy collection drive .
Yvonne Smith , the Washington , D.C. police department 's outreach coordinator , pleaded with the media for less focus on the crooked officers .
This " starts off Christmas on a sour note , puts distance between the community and the police , and worst of all , tarnishes the image of the Department during a time when we are trying to build strong relationships to foster trust that ultimately helps us solve crimes , " she wrote in an e-mail to D.C. - area media .
Smith added that officers with her department had never done anything like this before -- both distributing , and stealing , the charitable toys .
 Please dont let the Christmas story of the day be about an investigation of officers who make up .001 percent of the department ,  she concluded .
 Many many many more members made outstanding contributions during this holiday season to make a difference in the lives of families who are struggling . 
" Anytime we are involved in programs that have potential for abuse we ask for the assistance of our Internal Affairs to maintain the integrity of our department and our members , " said Police Chief Cathy Lanier .
" In this case , I am sad to say that monitoring has uncovered some questionable behavior of a few of our members . "
No arrests have been made , but D.C. police say the officers have been placed on paid suspension pending the investigation 's conclusion .
Chief Lainer has vowed to see the officers " prosecuted to the full extent of the law . "
Gurkha soldiers refused to leave a dead comrade behind enemy lines even though they knew they would face ' extreme fire ' from Taliban forces .
The first accounts of the courageous recovery of the body of the first Gurkha killed in Afghanistan can be revealed today as British troops continue to defend the strategic former Taliban stronghold of Musa Qala in Helmand province .
Braving withering fire from fortified Taliban positions , men from the 2nd Battalion , the Royal Gurkha Rifles , located the body of Rifleman Yubraj Rai and then carried it more than 100 m across open ground .
In previous years the fighting in Helmand has subsided in November , but the latest dispatches from the region reveal concerted resistance from the Taliban forces .
Rai , who had been in Afghanistan for only two weeks , was shot during an operation to clear the southern districts of Musa Qala after intelligence revealed that the Taliban had consolidated their forces almost a year after British troops seized control of the town .
During the operation earlier this month , a Gurkha platoon was ambushed on a stretch of open ground .
Amid the chaos , Rai was hit almost immediately .
Colleagues initially believed that the 28 - year - old was just diving for cover .
But after he realised Rai had been hit , Lieutenant Oli Cochrane began planning to rescue his body , but suddenly lost all radio contact as a bullet hit his radio .
Further rounds then pierced his rucksack .
As Taliban fighters found their range , Captain Gajendera Angdembe , Rifleman Dhan Gurung and Rifleman Manju Gurung ran 100 m across open ground to retrieve Rai 's body .
Last week Manju Gurung described how bullets were ' kicking up dust around their feet ' .
So intense was the weight of fire being directed at the Gurkhas that Dhan Gurung was forced to use Rai's weapon as well as his own .
' At the time it seemed impossible to evacuate Yubraj .
While on the open field I thought we would not come back alive , thank God we are here .
I felt helpless not being able to save Yubraj , ' he said .
Cochrane added : ' They showed courage , refusing to leave an injured man behind .
The boys acted with immense bravery and with disregard for their own lives as they moved through open ground under fire to recover the casualty . '
The battle continued to rage for another six hours .
The Gurkhas were later joined by Warrior armoured vehicles which pushed the Taliban 2 km back in skirmishes that went on throughout the night and into the following morning .
Still enduring fierce enemy resistance , British troops inside the Warriors cleared 10 Taliban - occupied compounds , discovering a cache of explosives and weapons .
Captain Kit Kyte said : ' Despite the heavy weight of fire from the enemy , we were able to dismount [ from the Warriors ] and clear a lot of compounds at very close quarters . '
Officers said the mission had successfully cleared a route and up to 50 civilian homes that British forces hope will be reoccupied by local people .
' Frankly , we can carry on killing the enemy and they can carry on trying to kill us for as long as they like , but we 're not achieving anything , ' said Lieutenant - Colonel Chris Darby , commanding officer of 2nd Battalion .
Details also emerged last week of how Colour Sergeant Krishnabahadur Dura , 36 , was killed near Musa Qala after a roadside bomb tore through his 25 - ton Warrior .
Last week more than 2,000 people gathered in Parliament Square in London in support of 2,000 Gurkha veterans fighting for the right to live in the UK .
In the wake of a High Court ruling , the government is expected this month to reveal whether it will grant residence to Gurkhas who retired before 1997 .
Editor 's note : Campbell Brown anchors CNN's " Campbell Brown : No Bias , No Bull " at 8 p.m. ET Mondays through Fridays .
She delivered this commentary during the " Cutting through the Bull " segment of Wednesday night 's broadcast .
CNN 's Campbell Brown says it is hard to see a strategy behind the tactics of Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson .
( CNN ) --
It goes without saying that there is a lot of confusion about just how the $ 700 billion in federal bailout money is being spent .
If there is a strategy to it , if Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson really does have a plan , it has certainly been lost on me and , I think , most Americans .
And there are plenty of examples of these funds being directed in ways that do n't entirely make sense .
I got an e-mail from someone down in Louisiana today who was pretty fired up about a story he read in his local paper about a local bank .
IBERIABANK is apparently requesting $ 90 million in federal bailout money , and getting it -- $ 90 million .
' No bias , no bull '
Get the latest on the day 's main events on " Campbell Brown : No Bias , No Bull "
8 p.m. ET Monday through Friday on CNN see full schedule »
But here 's what might surprise you : IBERIABANK is not in trouble .
Bank officials say they are having no financial stress .
In fact , just the opposite .
Watch Campbell Brown 's commentary »
The bank managed to avoid the whole mortgage mess , and , today , is in great financial shape .
So what they are doing is using the 90 million in bailout money to grow their business .
They are buying up other smaller banks .
Now , bank officials argue that this is good for taxpayers .
That when healthy banks have capital to buy troubled banks , then those troubled banks can stay in business , and that 's good for everyone .
But is it ?
Was that the real intent of this bailout plan -- to give taxpayer money to businesses that are already doing well ?
And , if that is the plan , are taxpayers ever going to see a return on that investment ?
The government has n't really given us the answer to any of these questions .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Campbell Brown .
All About Hank Paulson • U.S. National Economy
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP )  California officials will investigate whether the Mormon church accurately described its role in a campaign to ban gay marriage in the state .
The California Fair Political Practices Commission said Monday a complaint by a gay rights group merits further inquiry .
Executive director Roman Porter says the decision does not mean any wrongdoing has been determined .
Fred Karger , founder of Californians Against Hate , accuses the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints of failing to report the value of work it did to support Proposition 8 , which amended California 's constitution to define marriage exclusively as a union between a man and woman .
A representative from the Salt Lake City - based church could not be reached for comment .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
50 Cent left red - faced as team of security guards break into his Rolls - Royce with coat hanger after locking keys inside
American gangster rapper 50 Cent made sure his arrival in London today did not go unnoticed .
As his Rolls - Royce descended on the Mayfair Hotel , accompanied by his 15 strong entourage in a stretch Hummer , passers - by were in doubt that a superstar was in town .
But things soon took a less glamorous turn when the keys got locked inside the car - forcing his security guard to break in with a coat hanger .
Tricky business :
The security guards show their handiwork with a coat hanger after 50 Cent 's keys were locked inside
Big entrance :
The security men attempt to get the keys out the Rolls the old fashioned way
It is not the sort of scene usually witnessed outside the Mayfair Hotel .
To rub salt in the wound , the incident also drew the attention of a parking warden - who promptly issued a ticket .
The New York rapper is in London to star in a new film with Danny Dyer , called Dead Man Running , which will be released next year .
Not so glamorous : Rapper 50 cent 's entourage start the delicate operation
Sitting target : A parking attendant is unmoved by the rapper 's plight
The film is about an ex-con who has 24 hours to raise the money he needs to pay back a loan shark .
It is being funded by footballers Rio Ferdinand and Ashley Cole and written and directed by Alex De Rakoff .
The rapper has previously starred in several films including the semi-autobiographical Get Rich or Die Tryin ' which was also the name off his 2005 album .
High security :
The rapper arrives at Heathrow Airport flanked by his entourage
Superstar style : Rapper 50 Cent arrives at London 's Mayfair hotel in a Rolls Royce accompanied by a 15 - strong entourage in a stretched hummer
Bottomless Belly Button , a 720 - page ( ! ) graphic novel takes place during a couple of days in the life of the Loony family , which includes two elderly parents , three children , and a couple of grandchildren .
The family has gathered together at the coastal home of the elder Loonys who have called everyone together to announce that , after 50 years of marriage , they are getting a divorce , because they no longer love each other .
Each child and grandchild takes the news differently , and author Dash Shaw brilliantly weaves the multiple story lines together to create a funny / tragic tale of a family at the brink of falling apart .
I like Dash 's intelligently - restrained creativity with the comic medium , such as portraying one of the adult Loony children as a frog , because he thinks the rest of the family members see him as one .
I was mesmerized through the entire book .
From the Amazon.com review :
The eldest child , Dennis , struggles with his parents ' decision while facing difficulties of his own in his recent marriage .
Believing that his parents are hiding the true reasons behind their estrangement , Dennis embarks on a quest to discover the truth and searches through clues , trap doors , and secret tunnels in attempt to find an answer .
Claire , the middle child , is a single mother whose 16 - year - old daughter , Jill , is apathetic to the divorce but confounded by Claire and troubled by her own " mannish " appearance .
The youngest child , Peter , is a hack filmmaker suffering from paralyzing insecurities who establishes an unorthodox romance with a mysterious day care counselor at the beach .
In a six - day period rich with atmospheric sequences , these characters stumble blindly around one another , often ignoring their surroundings and consumed by their own daily conflicts .
Visually , Shaw employs a leisurely storytelling pace that allows room for exploring the interconnecting relationships among the characters and plays to his strength as a cartoonist–small gestural details and nuanced expressions that bring the characters to vivid and intimate life .
If the controversial R.D. Laing wrote an episode of The Simpsons , it might read something like The Bottomless Belly Button .
Buy from Amazon | Buy from HeavyInk
Behold ..
Yo Frankie !
Online !
Both the binaries and the whole production tree are available in .zip format and also browsable via web .
So go to the Download Yo Frankie !
page and start playing the game , playing with the source files , or open the blend files in Blender 2.48 a and do both ! 😉
A big new is that Yo Frankie ! is now part of Blender Projects , this means that you can make and share your own levels , characters , whatever !
and also help in the development and maintenance of the game , so we can all play Yo Frankie ! in future Blender versions .
VideoTutorials uploaded so far :
– Library Linking
– Level Template Creation
– Texture Splatting in Real Time with GLSL Just Added 3 more !:
– Water Effect with Animated Normal Maps
– Simulating AO with Vertex Colors
– MultiColor Mist Effect with Shading Nodes Just Added 8 more !:
– Ambient Colors
– Baking Shadow Maps
– New Features in the IPO Editor
– 5 Part Series : Modeling and Texturing a Low Poly
Tree check the download page :
https://apricot.blender.org/download
( now with an easier - to - remind URL 🙂 )
That ’s all folks ! 😀
Thanks for everything ,
The Apricot Open Game Crew
Favorite Answer
Setting up a video sharing website is not so hard if you know knowledge about web design and active page technique , like PHP , ASP .
NET , Java ...
You will create login , logout , sign up system , upload system , database system to store the videos uploaded by customers and information of customers .
You have to get a sever - based video to flash video encoder engine like Adobe® Flash ® Media Interactive Server 3 if you can afford it to convert all formats of videos uploaded by people to flash video .
If you have all these knowledge , tools , money and time , you can do it .
Have a look at this guide to see if it can help you :
http://www.estetica-design-forum.com/general-web-d...
Good luck !
WASHINGTON 
Two federal drug officials have concluded that asthma sufferers risk death if they continue to use four hugely popular asthma drugs 
Advair , Symbicort , Serevent and Foradil .
But the officials ’ views are not universally shared within the government .
The two officials , who work in the safety division of the Food and Drug Administration , wrote in an assessment on the agency ’s Web site on Friday that asthma sufferers of all ages should no longer take the medicines .
A third drug - safety official concluded that Advair and Symbicort could be used by adults but that all four drugs should no longer be used by people age 17 and under .
Dr. Badrul A. Chowdhury , director of the division of pulmonary and allergy products at the agency , cautioned in his own assessment that the risk of death associated with the drugs was small and that banning their use “ would be an extreme approach ” that could lead asthmatics to rely on other risky medications .
Once unheard of , public disagreements among agency experts have occurred on occasion in recent years .
The agency is convening a committee of experts on Wednesday and Thursday to sort out the disagreement , which has divided not only the F.D.A. but also clinicians and experts for more than a decade .
Sam Bradford Heisman Trophy Winner 2008 ( Photos )
Three Heisman finalists took the stage at the Nokia Theater on Saturday and only one was anointed the 74th Heisman Trophy winner .
Oklahoma quarterbackwas flanked byof Texasandof Florida during the presentation ceremony .
He is the fifth Oklahoma player to win the award , the first sincein 2003 .
The voter turnout , the highest in Heisman history ( 904 of 926 ballots ) saw Bradford ( 1,726 ) top McCoy ( 1,604 ) and Tebow ( 1,575 ) .
Interestingly , Tebow landed the most first - place votes ( 309 ) of the three and the most total points ever for a third - place finisher .
Bradford , the third - year sophomore , threw for 4,464 yards , 48 touchdowns and six interceptions to lead the country in pass efficiency for a second straight season .
Bradford 's coach , Bob Stoops said , " It 's definitely remarkable , and he 's only three years into it .
He 's far from a finished product . "
Sam is only the second sophomore to win the iconic stiff - arm statue .
Tebow was the first , winning it last year .
The two , forever linked in history , will meet again when the No. 2 Sooners ( 12 - 1 ) face No. 1 Gators ( 12 - 1 ) in Miami .
Said Bradford , " We 're ready to get back to work to get ready for the 8th .
When we started this season , winning the national championship was the first goal we put down as a team . "
Check out the entire story at Sports Illustrated here .
Photo gallery below - click to enlarge .
The Free Software Foundation ( FSF ) , the group behind the popular GPL open source license , has filed a copyright infringement lawsuit against Cisco and wants an injunction against the networking giant .
The suit , filed in a federal court in New York today , alleges that Cisco's ( NASDAQ : CSCO ) Linksys consumer network equipment divisions violated the license terms of programs on which the FSF is the copyright holder .
Since at least May 12 , 2006 , Cisco has distributed to the public copies of firmware containing the FSF 's programs in its products " without providing complete and corresponding source code or an offer for source code as required by the Licenses , " the complaint charged .
It listed 13 Linksys products as offenders , including its popular wireless routers for setting up Wi -Fi networks .
The FSF complaint is asking the district court to issue an injunction that would keep Cisco from distributing the products with the alleged software violations , and for damages that would be decided by a jury .
In addition , it is asking the court to make Cisco turn over any profits from the products covered by the software dispute .
Brett Smith , licensing compliance engineer at the FSF , said the FSF wants Cisco to comply with all relevant free software licenses in all their products .
In addition , it asks that Cisco appoint a Free Software Compliance Officer responsible for ensuring Cisco 's compliance with these licenses going forward .
In a statement , Cisco said it was disappointed by the lawsuit , saying it takes its open source software obligations and responsibilities seriously .
" We are currently reviewing the issues raised in the suit but believe we are substantially in compliance .
We have always worked very closely with the FSF and hope to reach a resolution agreeable to the company and the foundation . "
Cisco and the FSF have been working together since 2003 to ensure licensing compliance , according to the FSF .
The Linksys History
Cisco acquired Linksys in 2003 for $ 500 million and with it inherited an open source problem in the Linksys WRT54G wireless " G " network router .
The issue was that the Linksys device used open source software but that Cisco did not make that same software freely available to end users , as required under the terms of open source licenses used by the underlying software .
" It 's not difficult to find ' source code ' on the Linksys site , " according to a background document describing the suit written by the FSF 's Smith .
" But you only have to dig a little deeper to find the problems .
Those source code downloads are often incomplete or out - of - date .
Cisco also provides written offers for source , but we regularly hear about requests going unfulfilled . "
In an e-mailed statement to InternetNews.com , Smith said Cisco made clear that it had no intention of fulfilling FSF 's settlement requests .
For example , one demand by the FSF was for Cisco to contact previous customers to inform them about license violations and offer them updated , complete source code .
It did n't happen .
" We also have serious reservations about their ability to ensure that they comply with relevant free software licenses in the future , " Smith noted .
" Addressing these issues is every bit as important as fixing the existing violations , but in our discussions Cisco seemed uninterested in doing so . "
Aside from its Linksys division , Cisco is one of the leading contributors to the Linux kernel .
Cisco also is holding a $ 100,000 contest for Linux developers and uses the open source operating system with its AXP router module as well .
This year is set to be the coolest since 2000 , according to a preliminary estimate of global average temperature that is due to be released next week by the Met Office .
The global average for 2008 should come in close to 14.3C , which is 0.14C below the average temperature for 2001 - 07 .
The relatively chilly temperatures compared with recent years are not evidence that global warming is slowing however , say climate scientists at the Met Office .
" Absolutely not , " said Dr Peter Stott , the manager of understanding and attributing climate change at the Met Office 's Hadley Centre .
" If we are going to understand climate change we need to look at long - term trends . "
Prof Myles Allen at Oxford University who runs the climateprediction .
net website , said he feared climate sceptics would overinterpret the figure .
" You can bet your life there will be a lot of fuss about what a cold year it is .
Actually no , its not been that cold a year , but the human memory is not very long , we are used to warm years , " he said , " Even in the 80s [ this year ] would have felt like a warm year . "
And 2008 would have been a scorcher in Charles Dickens 's time - without human - induced warming there would have been a one in a hundred chance of getting a year this hot .
" For Dickens this would have been an extremely warm year , " he said .
On the flip side , in the current climate there is a roughly one in 10 chance of having a year this cool .
The Met Office predicted at the beginning of the year that 2008 would be cooler than recent years because of a La Niña event - characterised by unusually cold ocean temperatures in the equatorial Pacific Ocean .
It is the mirror image of the El Niño climate cycle .
The Met Office had forecast an annual global average of 14.37C .
Allen was presenting the data on this year 's global average temperature at the Appleton Space Conference at Rutherford Appleton Laboratory , near Didcot yesterday .
The 14.3C figure is based on data from January to October .
When the Met Office makes its formal announcement next week they will incorporate data from November .
" [ The figure ] will differ from it , but it wo n't differ massively , " said Stott , " We would expect the number to go up rather than down because the early parts of the year were still under the La Niña conditions . "
Assuming the final figure is close to 14.3C then 2008 will be the tenth hottest year on record .
The hottest was 1998 - which included a very strong El Niño event - followed by 2005 , 2003 and 2002 .
The data are a combination of measurements from satellites , ground weather stations and buoys which are compiled jointly by the Hadley Centre and the Climate Research Unit at the University of East Anglia .
In March , a team of climate scientists at Kiel University predicted that natural variation would mask the 0.3C warming predicted by the Intergovernment Panel on Climate Change over the next decade .
They said that global temperatures would remain constant until 2015 but would then begin to accelerate .
' Next Christmas the iPod will be kaput ' : How Sir Alan Sugar got it wrong 174 million times ... and the web 's other worst predictions
I t would be a big enough mistake to get an ordinary mortal fired .
But when Sir Alan Sugar claimed the iPod would be dead within a year , he had no idea that he had got it wrong 174 million times .
The Amstrad boss is just one of ten luminaries featured in a new list of the worst technology predictions of all time .
Spectacularly wrong : Sir Alan Sugar ( left ) claimed the iPod ( right ) would be dead within a year
But should he be worried about his lack of foresight , he 's in good company , including Microsoft founder Bill Gates .
The list was compiled by gagdet magazine T3 and reveals how other industry leaders
have also written off televisions , X - rays , telephones and jumbo jets .
Sir Alan made his dire prediction in an interview in February 2005 .
' Next Christmas the iPod will be dead , finished , gone , kaput , ' he said .
Since then , the music player has become one of the best - selling gadgets of all time with makers Apple selling 174 million units .
Bill Gates , meanwhile , enters the top ten twice with a pair of astonishingly inaccurate predictions .
His first gaffe came in 1981 when he stated that no personal computer would ever need more than 640 KB of memory .
Most now operate with at least 2 gigagbytes , 3,500 times the figure .
As if this was n't bad enough , he struck again in 2004 when he told the World Economic Forum that spam emails ' would be solved ' within two years .
1. BRITAIN DOESN'T NEED TELEPHONES
Made in 1878 by Sir William Preece , chief engineer at the Post Office .
' The Americans have need of the telephone , but we do not .
We have plenty of messenger boys , ' he said .
2. X - RAYS ARE A HOAX
Lord Kevlin , President of the Royal Society was clearly unconvinced when he made his comments in 1883 .
Bright spark : Microsoft founder Bill Gates lounges on a sofa surrounded by light bulbs .
His technology predictions have not always been accurate
3. THERE WILL NEVER BE A BIGGER PLANE ( AND IT ONLY HELD TEN PEOPLE )
The maiden flight of the Boeing 247 took place in 1933 .
Speaking after the happy event , an engineer reportedly said : ' There will never be a bigger plane built . '
The world 's biggest plane is currently the Airbus A380 can carry up to 853 people .
4. TV WON'T LAST
Darryl Zanuck , 20th Century
Fox movie mogul was responsible for this clanger back in 1946 .
He claimed the technology had a short shelf life because people will ' soon get tired of staring at a plywood box every night . '
Rocket mail :
Not coming to a letterbox near you soon
5 HOMES WILL BE CLEANED WITH NUCLEAR HOOVERS
Back in the 1950s , Alex Lewyt , president of the Lewyt Corp vacuum company , claimed it was only a matter of time before nuclear power was used in the home .
' Nuclear - powered vacuum cleaners will probably be a reality within ten years , ' he said .
6. LETTERS WILL BE DELIVERED BY ROCKET
' We stand on the threshold of rocket mail , ' said U.S. postmaster general Arthur Summerfield in 1959 .
7. COMPUTERS AREN'T FOR HOME USE
In 1977 , Ken Olsen , the president , chairman and founder of Digital Equipment Corp ( DEC ) claimed there was no reason for anyone to want a personal computer .
8. YOU'LL ONLY EVER NEED 640KB OF MEMORY
Bill Gates 's first entry into the chart with his 1981 claim that no personal computer would ever need huge amounts of capacity .
He has since denied making the statement , , ,
9. WE'LL KILL SPAM IN TWO YEARS
... though there 's no doubt he said this one .
Speaking at the 2004 World Economic Forum he claimed a solution was in sight .
10 . THE iPOD WILL BE KAPUT BY NEXT CHRISTMAS
And rounding off the technology hall of shame is Sir Alan Sugar .
He made his claim in 2005 , telling an interviewer : ' Next Christmas the iPod will be dead , finished , gone , kaput . '
T3 technology magazine is available today
.
Associated PressActor Jeremy Piven at a movie screening last week , before he dropped out of the cast of " Speed - the - Plow , " citing problems with mercury in his system .
Jeremy Piven , best known for playing the blustery agent Ari Gold on HBO 's " Entourage , " revealed he was pulling out of a popular Broadway revival of " Speed - the - Plow " 10 weeks early because of high levels of mercury in his bloodstream , a result of a heavy sushi habit and a diet supplemented with Chinese herbs .
We were taken aback by the news and talked with Piven 's doctor , Carlon Colker , medical director of the Peak Wellness clinic in Greenwich , Conn. , for more ...
The term ‘ herd immunity ’ has found its way into politicized discussions about how to overcome the COVID - 19 pandemic .
What does it actually mean ?
Can it work ?
razy2 is a polish design studio made up of designers paulina krauza and jacek ryn .
their project range from larger - scale architecture projects to smaller product work .
one of their products is ‘ klypsos ’ , a customized paper - clip which clips onto a plate while holding a wine glass .
the design was created for use at parties and other functions where users have a drink and a small snack plate .
by simply bending a paper - clip into a new form , razy2 created an entirely new product .
http://razy2.com
more
clothes peg iconography
via design * sponge
2008 was definitely the year that social was brought into the mainstream .
Nearly all big social networking sites have redesigned to accommodate their quickly growing audiences , while the big portals have incorporated many social features into their front pages .
It 's still too early to say whether many of these are good or bad .
Will Yahoo's drastic home page redesign be good or bad for them in the long run ?
Will Facebook 's new look , which stirred quite a bit of opposition from their users , eventually turn out to be a good move ?
Let 's take a look at what the big boys have done and how it 's worked for them so far .
Facebook 's redesign was controversial , to say the least .
It began as an option which was then gradually rolled into the default look of the site , despite strong opposition from users who even formed ( relatively large ) Facebook groups to express their discontent .
Personally , I think it was the best move in the company 's history ; Facebook was thoroughly cleaned up of those silly apps - at least on the surface - and the fears that it might turn out to be another MySpace were allayed .
Instead , it was turned into the perfect social lifestream , with activities from you and your friends in the spotlight , and everything else optional .
Also , Facebook chose to implement ads very carefully , making sure they 're noticeable without getting in the way of your normal activities on the site .
As far as problems go , frequent errors , slowness and problems with data syncing continue to plague Facebook to this day , and due to their huge and rapidly growing user base , they likely wo n't go away soon .
Concerned about users ' backlash , MySpace decided to roll out Profile 2.0 without forcing users to switch .
Therefore , thousands of MySpace layouts have n't been rendered obsolete , at least not overnight .
Profile 2.0 brought easier customization and drag and drop functionality , as well as a number of spiffy looking new themes .
It was n't all just about the looks : a lot of effort has been put into improving privacy options , which are now akin to those on Facebook , and let users decide which parts of their profile they 'll show to everyone , and which ones will stay private .
However , this overhaul - due to the fact that it's not mandatory - has n't really changed MySpace 's look and feel that their users have learned to love ( and often hate ) .
Is this a good or a bad thing ?
Time will tell .
Flickr 's redesign put emphasis on the social features of the site .
Under Contacts , you can now see a stream of new photos from your friends , which was probably an attempt to battle the fact that more and more users seem to be turning to Facebook for their photo sharing needs .
They 've also added the Explore option , which is a bit like StumbleUpon for photos .
Overall , the changes on the new Flickr are relatively subtle , but they 're a good indication that Flickr wants to be less of an online photo storage solution and more of a full - featured social networking site .
If there 's one big social media site that can be called " old school " and " spartan " in appearance , it 's Reddit .
Being little more than a long list of titles , Reddit always cared more about content than looks .
The recent redesign , however , was very welcome : the site is organized better and the categories are a lot easier to find .
The ability to customize the site and bring forth only the topics that really interest you does n't hurt , either .
As a personal note , I 'd like to add that Reddit 's changes made me visit the site more often , while the changes their biggest competitor , Digg , implemented in 2008 ( although they have n't done a full blown redesign this year ) only drove me away from the site .
Twitter 's redesign has been subtle , but it brought a host of welcome changes .
The most interesting one was the introduction of an AJAX element which sped up the user experience ; they 've also moved the tabs to the right , and the profile editor has been significantly improved .
Some oft requested features , such as groups , are still missing .
As an avid Last .
FM user , I was ( and still am ) unhappy with this redesign .
Yes , the interface has been cleaned up a little , but it took me a while before I found often used features , and even now I 'm not sure that the new organization of the site is better than the old one .
Some features have been unnecessarily simplified ; you cannot , for example , search for events based on the exact proximity to a certain location .
On the upside , they did n't really mess it up very much ; it 's still your good old Last .
FM , it just takes some getting used to .
I 'm just not sure whether they 're going forward or backward with it .
Perhaps the most dramatic redesign - or perhaps complete overhaul - has been done by the financially troubled old giant Yahoo .
When you 've got the world 's most popular portal , abandoning the traditional " web portal " concept is a tough decision , but Yahoo has jumped right into it .
The site is now almost entirely customizable , and Yahoo has provided an API for developers to create applications that can be integrated with the site .
Contrary to the traditional view of what a web portal should be , the new Yahoo will actually be quite different for each user .
The question that has n't yet been answered is :
Will the majority of users who are accustomed to a static web portal embrace these changes ?
AOL 's redesign , although not yet visible to all users , is also a step in the social direction , however not as drastic as Yahoo's .
It 's still ye olde web portal , only now it has a bunch of widgets to connect you with your favorite social networks , such as Facebook , MySpace , AIM , Bebo and Twitter .
There 's no revolution here , but it 's more proof that the static web portal is on its way out , while social networking has entered the mainstream .
Image courtesy of iStockphoto , Rellas
CHICAGO , Illinois ( CNN ) --
An outraged sheriff in Illinois who refuses to evict " innocent " renters from foreclosed homes criticized mortgage companies Thursday and said the law should protect victims of the mortgage meltdown .
Cook County , Illinois , Sheriff Thomas J. Dart says too many renters are being evicted for landlords ' problems .
Sheriff Thomas J. Dart said earlier he is suspending foreclosure evictions in Cook County , which includes the city of Chicago .
The county had been on track to reach a record number of evictions , many because of mortgage foreclosures .
Many good tenants are suffering because building owners have fallen behind on their mortgage payments , he said Thursday on CNN's " American Morning . "
" These poor people are seeing everything they own put out on the street .
...
They 've paid their bills , paid them on time .
Here we are with a battering ram at the front door going to throw them out .
It 's gotten insane , " he said .
Watch Dart slam mortgage companies »
Mortgage companies are supposed to identify a building 's occupants before asking for an eviction , but sheriff 's deputies routinely find that the mortgage companies have not done so , Dart said .
" This is an example where the banking industry has not done any of the work they should do .
It 's a piece of paper to them , " Dart said .
Do n't Miss Economic chaos creates surge of homelessness
Economic chaos creates surge of homelessness U.S. bank failures almost certain to rise in next year
U.S. bank failures almost certain to rise in next year Fannie Mae forgives loan of woman who shot herself
Fannie
Mae forgives loan of woman who shot herself iReport.com :
How hard have foreclosures hit your area ?
" These mortgage companies ... do n't care who's in the building , " Dart said Wednesday .
" They simply want their money and do n't care who gets hurt along the way .
" On top of it all , they want taxpayers to fund their investigative work for them .
We 're not going to do their jobs for them anymore .
We 're just not going to evict innocent tenants .
It stops today . "
Dart said he wants the courts or the state Legislature to establish protections for those most harmed by the mortgage crisis .
In 1999 , Cook County had 12,935 mortgage foreclosure cases ; in 2006 , 18,916 cases were filed , and last year , 32,269 were filed .
This year 's total is expected to exceed 43,000 .
" The people we 're interacting with are , many times , oblivious to the financial straits their landlord might be in , " Dart said .
" They are the innocent victims here , and they are the ones all of us must step up and find some way to protect . "
Watch sheriff announce he wo n't evict innocent tenants »
The Illinois Bankers Association opposed the plan , saying that Dart " was elected to uphold the law and to fulfill the legal duties of his office , which include serving eviction notices . "
The association said Dart could be found in contempt of court for ignoring court eviction orders .
" The reality is that by ignoring the law and his legal responsibilities , he is carrying out ' vigilantism ' at the highest level of an elected official , " it said .
" The Illinois banking industry is working hard to help troubled homeowners in many ways , but Sheriff Dart 's declaration of ' martial law ' should not be tolerated . "
Dart was undeterred Thursday .
" I think the outrage on my part with them [ is ] that they could so cavalierly issue documents and have me throw people out of homes who have done absolutely nothing wrong , " Dart said .
" They played by all the rules .
" I told them , ' You send an agent out , you send somebody out that gives me any type of assurance that the appropriate person is in the house , I will fulfill the order . '
iReport.com : How hard have foreclosures hit your neighborhood ?
" When you 're blindly sending me out to houses where I 'm coming across innocent tenant after innocent tenant , I can't keep doing this and have a good conscience about it . "
All About Illinois • Cook County
Nov. 11 , 2008 ( New Orleans ) --
At a time when obesity among children has reached epidemic levels , researchers report that the neck arteries of obese children and teens may have as much plaque buildup as 40 - somethings .
The blood vessels of obese youngsters age more rapidly than those of their normal - weight counterparts -- raising their risk of developing heart disease at an earlier age , says Geetha Raghuveer , MD , a cardiologist at Children 's Mercy Hospital in Kansas City .
" As the saying goes , ' you 're as old as your arteries , ' " she tells WebMD .
" The state of the blood vessels ' arteries is more important than your chronological age when it comes to the development of heart disease and stroke . "
The research was presented at the American Heart Association 's Scientific Sessions 2008 .
Obese Kids Have Advanced Vascular Ages Raghuveer and colleagues studied 70 children and teens aged 6 to 19 .
They were all at high risk for future heart problems because they had high cholesterol levels and / or were obese , or because they had inherited a form of high cholesterol known as familial hypercholesterolemia .
A high - tech ultrasound scan was used to measure the thickness of the inner walls of the carotid arteries that supply blood to the brain .
Increasing carotid artery intima - media thickness , or CIMT , indicates a buildup of plaque in the arteries that can lead to heart attacks and strokes .
The children 's average CIMT was 0.45 millimeters , which is typical of adults in their mid-40s .
Some had CIMT readings as high as 0.75 millimeters .
" About 75 % of the children had advanced vascular ages , " says Raghuveer , referring to the age at which the level of thickening would be normal for their chronological age .
Children with high triglyceride ( blood fat ) levels and who were obese were most likely to have advanced vascular ages .
The Bush administration announced its “ conscience protection ” rule for the healthcare industry Thursday , giving doctors , hospitals , and even receptionists and volunteers in medical experiments the right to refuse to participate in medical care they find morally objectionable .
“ This rule protects the right of medical providers to care for their patients in accord with their conscience , ” said outgoing Health and Human Services Secretary Mike Leavitt .
The right - to - refuse rule includes abortion and other aspects of healthcare where moral concerns could arise , Leavitt ’s office said , such as birth control , emergency contraception , in vitro fertilization , stem cell research and assisted suicide .
The rule , to be published today in the Federal Register , takes effect the day before President Bush leaves office .
Advertisement
It sets the stage for conflict in Barack Obama ’s incoming administration .
In August , Obama criticized the rule proposal and said he was “ committed to ensuring that the health and reproductive rights of women are protected . ”
The rule says providers -- including hospitals , clinics , universities , pharmacies and doctor ’s offices -- can be charged with discrimination if an employee is pressured to participate in care that is “ contrary to their religious beliefs or moral convictions . ”
Violators would lose their federal funds .
Critics of the rule said it was too broad and threatened the rights of patients .
They said they were particularly worried that patients would not be given full and complete information about their medical options .
For example , they said , an antiabortion doctor in a federally funded clinic might refuse to tell a pregnant patient that her fetus had a severe abnormality .
Or an emergency room worker might withhold from rape victims information about emergency contraception .
Advertisement
“ This gives an open invitation to any doctor , nurse , receptionist , insurance plan or even hospital to refuse to provide information about birth control on the grounds that they believe contraception amounts to abortion , ” said lawyers for the National Women ’s Law Center .
Critics also cited the timing of the change .
“ We are shocked that the Bush administration chose to finalize its midnight regulation and to take this parting shot at women ’s health and ignore patients ’ rights to receive critical healthcare services and information they deserve , ” said Cecile Richards , president of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America , in a statement .
“ We look forward to working with President - elect Obama and leaders in Congress to repeal this disastrous rule and expand patients ’ access to full healthcare information and services , not limit it . ”
An Obama spokesman , asked Thursday about the rule , said Obama “ will review all 11th - hour regulations and will address them once he is president . ”
Advertisement
The Obama administration could revise the rule after he takes office Jan. 20 , but the process would probably be months long .
A speedier option would be a congressional resolution rejecting the Bush administration ’s late rules .
Democratic Reps. Louise M. Slaughter of New York and Diana DeGette of Colorado said Thursday that they would lead such an effort .
Decades ago -- shortly after the Supreme Court in 1973 established a right to abortion -- Congress adopted laws clarifying that no one was required to perform an abortion .
Later laws declared that “ no individual shall be required to perform or assist ” in any medical research or procedure “ contrary to his religious beliefs or moral convictions . ”
The new rule is needed to enforce the laws , Secretary Leavitt said .
In a preamble to the rule , he expressed concern about “ an environment in sectors of the healthcare field that is intolerant of individual objections to abortion or individual religious beliefs or moral convictions . ”
Advertisement
He said that the “ doctor - patient relationship requires a balancing of interests ” and that doctors have a duty only “ to provide care that they are comfortable providing . ”
Health and Human Services said in its regulation : “ To avoid potential conflicts from occurring , we strongly encourage early , open and respectful communications between providers and patients surrounding sensitive issues of healthcare , including issues of conscience . ”
The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops , the Christian Medical Assn. and Americans United for Life praised the new rules .
“ Individuals and institutions committed to healing should not be required to take the very human life that they are dedicated to protecting , ” said conference spokeswoman Deirdre McQuade .
Abortion - rights lawyers agreed that no doctor could be required to perform abortions , but they said Health and Human Services should require doctors and medical clinics either to give patients full medical information or to refer patients to someone who does .
Advertisement
“ We are concerned because this involves low - income folks who rely on federally funded clinics .
They do n’t have the option of shopping around for providers when they seek medical care , ” said lawyer Jennifer Dalvin of the ACLU Reproductive Freedom Project .
--
david.savage@latimes.com
if that idea does not work then it may be more time consuming but still possible .
have the surface you are painting be [ almost ] perfectly flat leaning in the direction you are wanting to have it drip .
spray water onto the surface as you normally would and then use an eye dropper to add water to the surface and use a toothpick to move the water around to where you want it to be .
i havent tried it yet , but its an idea worth trying .
best of luck
~tspike7
Why do some species of birds lay only one egg in their nest , while others lay 10 or more ?
A global study of the wide variation among birds in this trait , known as the " clutch size , " now provides biologists with some answers .
The study combined data on the clutch sizes of 5,290 species of birds with information on the biology and environment of each of these species .
" With this approach , we were able to explain a major proportion of the global variation in clutch size and also to predict with high confidence the average clutch size for types of birds living and breeding in certain environments , " said Walter Jetz , an associate professor of biology at UC San Diego and the senior author of the study .
" For example , cavity nesters , such as woodpeckers , have larger clutches than open - nesting species .
And species in seasonal environments , especially those living at northern latitudes , have larger clutches than tropical birds . "
Clutch size in birds and reptiles has long been studied by biologists , who have found generally that species that are short - lived or have a low survival rate among their offspring tend to lay more eggs at one time to increase the chances of having surviving offspring .
In contrast , longer - lived species or those with a higher survival rate among offspring tend to lay fewer eggs in their nests and invest more time and effort in raising their offspring .
However , the reasons why one species of bird may lay one egg and another 10 are more complex because clutch sizes can vary widely between closely related species due to variations in their environment , nutrition , health and predation .
The authors of the study — who included Cagan Sekercioglu , a senior research scientist at Stanford University and Katrin Böhning - Gaese of Johannes Gutenberg University in Mainz , Germany -- were aided in their investigation by detailed records of the life histories of birds throughout the world .
" Humanity 's fascination with birds since the dawn of time has meant that thousands of ornithologists and millions of bird enthusiasts have been collecting detailed data about birds ' lives for centuries , " said Sekercioglu .
" Published in countless books , popular and scientific articles , these data have made birds the best known major group of organisms . "
" In this study , " he added , " we answer one of the most basic questions asked about birds :
Why do bird species lay different numbers of eggs ?
The integration of geographic and life history datasets enabled us to simultaneously address the importance of ecological , evolutionary , behavioral and environmental variables in shaping the clutch size of world 's birds .
We show that increased environmental variation causes birds to lay larger clutches .
Most ornithological research has taken place in the highly seasonal environments of North America and Europe , but most bird species live in less seasonal tropics .
Therefore , the small clutch size seen in less - studied tropical birds is the norm , not the exception .
Increased predation pressure experienced by open - nesting birds also causes them to lay smaller clutches than cavity - nesting birds , literally having fewer eggs in one basket to spread the risk . "
The three biologists said they believe this information will become increasingly more important in efforts to protect these birds as rapid environmental changes due to global warming affect these species .
" Our results demonstrate not only where bird species live , but how the way they live their lives , specifically their reproduction strategies , has evolved in close association with climate , particularly seasonality , " said Jetz of UC San Diego .
" Rapid changes to the global geography of climate are likely to impact both aspects and to potentially perturb the long - evolved link between the ' where ' of life and the ' way ' of life in many species . "
Sekercioglu added : " The majority of bird species live in the tropics .
Tropical birds ' smaller clutch size is greatly shaped by more stable climates and these birds ' survival depends on the continuity of the weather conditions they have adapted to during millennia .
Climate change and a potential increase in climatic fluctuations in the tropics may make these birds highly vulnerable .
Hundreds of tropical bird species are already threatened with extinction and a potential clash between changing climate and their reproductive strategies may cause additional harm . "
The study was funded by grants from the National Science Foundation and the Christensen Fund .
Our bodies speak to one another in airborne chemical signals that bypass our conscious brains .
In BLONDES I fixate on this truth , detailing studies that have shown exactly how these chemicals , called sex pheromones , can trigger sexual attraction .
Some studies show that sex pheromones have a marked effect on behavior — potentially making women more receptive , upbeat , and attracted ( in the case of androstadienone - related odors ) and men more drawn to the body odors of a woman when she ’s most likely to conceive ( in the case of estrogen - related odors ) .
And now a news flash : sex pheromones are n’t the only types of pheromones that may affect human behavior .
There are also alarm pheromones – chemical signals , like fear gas , that make a person more alert , more on edge .
Stony Brook University neurobiologist Lilianne Mujica - Parodi and her colleagues taped absorbent pads into the armpits of 144 first - time skydivers , collecting their fear sweat before and during a 13,000 - foot free - fall jump .
Then the research team enlisted another set of volunteers to smell either a. ) the skydivers ’ sweaty pads ( fear sweat ) ; or b. ) pads worn by sweaty subjects who had simply been working out ( exercise sweat ) , while having their brains scanned by fMRI .
Although participants rated fear sweat and exercise sweat as having a similar intensity , their brains responded to the two sets of sweats in dramatically different ways .
It turned out that fear sweat — and only fear sweat — triggered activity in the left amygdala , the region of the brain associated with fear .
When shown pictures of faces with expressions that ranged from happy to furious , and asked to identify the emotion , people exposed to fear sweat were more accurate when distinguishing between angry and neutral expressions .
A chemical component of the sweat , it appears , put them on their guard .
The researchers call it “ second - hand stress . ”
None of this is surprising to biologists because other animals , even mammals , use alarm pheromones all the time .
After inhaling alarm pheromones , rats and deer sniff and pace around , unable to let down their guard .
I ’m intrigued by this .
Alarm pheromones are a hidden biological component of our survival as social anim
als .
Anywhere people are stressed or scared — exam rooms , hospitals , interrogation chambers , battlefields , trading floors , sports matches — there ’s a residue in the air .
Call it an ambient emotion .
Call it emotional infection .
Call it evolutionary hardwiring that primes us to act when there ’s danger .
Are some of us more sensitive to it than others ?
Probably .
And its effect on behavior is no doubt context - dependent .
I ’d like to see more studies , a bigger n , and more distinction between genders .
Like many writer types , I ’m hyper - sensitive to the emotions of others , sometimes to the detriment of my psychological well - being .
If you ’re scared , I worry .
My guard goes up , too .
Block my my olfactory system , the odor processing region where alarm pheromones may be processed — and would I be less sensitive to your stress ?
US Army Wants to Build World 's Most Powerful Solar Array
October 7th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
Despite its recent foray into sustainable practices , the United States Army is n’t known as an environmental leader .
Now the Army is trying to prove its greenness with the world ’s strongest solar array .
Yesterday , the Army announced that it plans to construct a 500 MW solar thermal plant in the Mojave Desert at Fort Irwin .
Currently , the United States ’ largest solar array is a 15 MW plant at Nellis Air Force Base outside Las Vegas .
According to yesterday ’s press release , the Fort Irwin array will “ provide renewable power on the grid and provide the sprawling Army post with added energy security against disruption of power supply . ”
Unfortunately , the press release does not specify a time frame for the project .
We ’re left to wonder if the array is an empty promise meant to quell concerns about the Army ’s massive energy consumption .
The Army also announced yesterday that it plans to buy 4,000 electric vehicles for maintenance staff , enter into a pilot energy savings performance contract with the private sector , and develop a 30 MW geothermal project in Nevada .
Photo Credit : Wired
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
SUMTER , S.C. ( AP )  A 12 - year - old boy trick - or - treating with his family on Friday was shot from inside a home and killed , and his father and brother were wounded by the gunfire , the authorities said .
A suspect in the shootings , Quentin Patrick , was in custody , a jail official said .
Mr. Patrick , 22 , has been charged with murder and three counts of assault and battery with intent to kill .
The jail official said she did not know whether Mr. Patrick had a lawyer , and his telephone number was unpublished .
The family was headed home from a city - sponsored event here , when they decided to stop at a few homes to trick - or - treat , Police Chief Patty Patterson said .
The father and his four children approached a home with a porch light on about 8:30 p.m. , while their mother waited nearby in a vehicle .
At the door , family members said they thought they heard fireworks .
The 12 - year - old boy , his father and brother were all hit by the gunfire .
The boy died at a hospital , Coroner Verna Moore said .
The other two children were not hurt .
On September 6th 2009 , GritFX made the move to our own domain and our Magazine is now powered by WordPress .
We hope to see you all visit the new GritFX Magazine
More than eight million people live in the five boroughs of New York City .
They have more than 150 elected legislative representatives , from the local level to Congress .
Keeping tabs on the people who represent you is a difficult task .
That ’s the idea behind Represent , an interactive feature we launched in beta last week .
Using your address as a starting point , Represent figures out which political districts you live in and who represents you at different levels of government .
It draws maps that show how where you live fits into the political geography of the city .
And using information collected from around the Web , it presents a customized activity stream that tracks what the people who represent you are doing .
Represent crawls a collection of New York Times stories and City Room blog posts , looking for references to public officials .
It also draws from official data sources — currently , Congressional roll - call votes , which we collect by parsing feeds and scraping government Web sites .
It evaluates each article , blog post and vote to find the stories most relevant to you .
( Both our article search and our Congressional votes database will soon be available to outside developers through free , open APIs . )
Represent is in beta .
When new elected officials take office in early 2009 , we ’ll be tracking them too .
We welcome your feedback on how to make it a more useful service .
Geographic computing
We built Represent with Django , the Python web framework .
Although we do most of our work with Ruby on Rails , we chose Django for this project so we could use GeoDjango , an add - on that supports geometry fields and extends the ORM to allow spatial queries .
We started with maps from New York City ’s Department of City Planning showing district boundaries for City Council , State Assembly , State Senate and the U.S. House of Representatives .
We used the Geospatial Data Abstraction Library , a translator library for raster geospatial data formats , through GeoDjango ’s LayerMapping class to populate a PostgreSQL database extended with the PostGIS spatial extension .
The geometry relationship functions provided by PostGIS allow for quick , accurate lookups to determine which legislative districts contain your address .
Represent shows you your address in relation to each of the political districts that contain it .
To draw the maps of your districts , we used GEOS , a C++ port of the Java Topology Suite , an API for modeling and manipulating 2 - dimensional linear geometry , via GeoDjango ’s GEOS API .
GEOS allows for the conversion of a geometry to KML , which can then be consumed by Google Maps .
But to do all that , we need an address : yours , hopefully , if you live in New York City .
To turn that address into coordinates , we built a geocoding service based on Geo -Coder - US , the perl library that powers geocoder.us .
Update : Wired.com gives us props .
Sometimes you will want to enjoy a rich and high calorie pizza .
Try this popular Italian recipe for pizza al prosciutto ( prosciutto ham ) .
All the ingredients go well in this pizza , which creates a wonderful taste .
Prosciutto is a dry - cured ham .
The process of making prosciutto is the following : raw ham is salted and hung in an airy place where the ham ages for 8 - 14 month .
Prosciutto is usually sliced very thin and it has a superior , deep and spicy taste .
100 g of Prosciutto supplies from 150 to 500 cal ( depending on sort ) and contains 21 - 26 g proteins .
For this recipe , we use the prosciutto with low salt and fat content .
Ingredients for Pizza with Prosciutto Ham : Dough
1 - 2 cups ( about 300 g ) high grade flour
15 - 20 g yeast
Salt to taste
½ cup ( 120 - 150 ml ) water
Ingredients for Pizza with Prosciutto Ham : Filling
200 -250 g tomatoes
100 - 150 g mozzarella
100 - 150 g Prosciutto ham
Olive oil to taste
A couple of basil leaves
Oregano , salt to taste
Recipe of Pizza with Prosciutto Ham
View Transcript
Transcript
The boss : Okay , the bill for the employee appreciation lunch comes out to $ 35 apiece .
Alice :
That only adds up if one of us is n't paying .
The boss :
The employees figured out why I appreciate taking them to lunch .
Japan ’s terrific number of train otaku have already been treated to a carriage - themed clock , and now , these timetable obsessed citizens can sensibly save their money in this uniquely designed depository which , in these financially volatile times , may well be about as safe as a real bank .
Based on Tokyo’s Yamanote loop line , the product cleverly allows its proud owner to pop their money through the roof of the carriage .
Plus , if that was n’t enough , the lights flash on and off ,
along with the doors actually opening ,
and closing .
Details which undoubtedly make it a must buy ; however , incredibly it has one more tantalising trick — the ability to play train station melodies from a selection of stops on the line .
A few examples of which can be heard by watching this dazzling live demonstration .
A final flourish that means Japanese train aficionados can now happily save up for their next trip while at the same time still feel like they are traveling on a train .
Does life get any better ?
Underwire 's Annaliza Savage has published an intriguing video on The Sex Life of Robots , which shows animated bots made out of modified Barbie dolls and G.I .
Joes doing naughty naughty things in gritty robot land .
Advertisement
Note : I know that many wo n't consider dolls having sex NSFW - I do n't - but in case you are a prude version of Bender , be aware that this contains explicit material .
Click to view
The movie seems weird , sexy yet disturbing .
For sure , it 's beautifully made by Michael Sullivan , using stop-motion animation and digital photography .
If you are in New York , you can go and see the dolls used in the production , as well as clips from the film at the Museum of Sex in Manhattan .
[ Underwire ]
An Introduction to Ten15
- A personal retrospective .
Martin C. Atkins , Mission Critical Applications Limited .
The Ten15 system was developed by Michael Foster , Ian Currie , Philip Core , et al , at the Royal Signals and Radar Establishment ( RSRE , then DERA , now QinetiQ ) at Malvern in the U.K .
The project was active from around 1987 to 1992 , and made many breakthroughs in the areas of virtual machines , polymorphic type systems , persistence , and distributed system design that are still not generally known , and in some cases have not , to my knowledge , even been re-discovered !
With the increasing popularity of virtual machine architectures , such as the JVM and .NET , these ideas are more relevant than ever .
These pages are an attempt to publicise this work ( better late than never ! ) .
Although I did work on the project at the University of York from 1988 until 1992 , none of the ideas described here are my own ( unless explicitly stated otherwise ) , and there might be inaccuracies caused by my never having been on the core team , and my poor memory .
I have tried to be as precise as I can , but I apologise in advance for any inaccuracies that might have crept in .
The name " Ten15 " is ( somewhat confusingly ) used at different times to refer to the Ten15 system , the Ten15 language ( usually called Ten15 Notation ) , and the Ten15 intermediate representation for programs .
Terms which I introduce below for clarity , but are not the usual Ten15 ( or Flex ) nomenclature , will be " in quotes " .
Background
Ten15 started out as an attempt to make something like the RSRE Flex environment available on modern systems .
This has no relationship with the Unix - like embedded operating system , also called Flex , but rather the capability system that RSRE built by replacing the microcode in the Three Rivers PERQ ( see here , and here ) .
This in turn was an upgrade of the Flex mainframe , also designed and built by the same group at RSRE , but about which I know very little .
Flex
Flex was a capability architecture and operating system with a graphical user interface , unlike any other computer system I 've ever heard of !
The capability architecture meant that programs did not run in a flat memory space , as we take for granted these days .
Instead a program consisted of a number of memory objects , which in Flex could range in size from one integer , to the whole of physical memory .
The memory objects are referred to by " pointers " , and it is these pointers that are called capabilities .
However capabilities were much more than just pointers .
It is impossible to create ( or forge ) a capability without asking the system for a new object , and it is impossible to access memory that was not pointed to by one of the capabilities currently ' owned ' by the program .
Thus capabilities formed the basis of the protection mechanism that allowed concurrent programs , possibly owned by different users , to execute without interferring with each other .
Permissions were also associated with capabilities , so that a memory object could be defined to contain executable code , and another could contain an array , say .
Some systems also used capabilities to refer to data stored on the disk .
Capability architectures are described in much more detail in this book by Henry M. Levy , which is out - of - print , and hence can be downloaded in full !
Other more modern systems using capability architectures are Key Logic 's KeyKOS , and the Extremely Reliable Operating System , Eros .
In Flex , capabilities were visible in the user interface , and could be mixed freely with normal text stored in a " text object " , or " Edfile " .
In fact , a " text object " was simply a capability to an array of lines ; each line was an array of " glyphs " ; and each " glyph " was either an array of characters , or a capability ( defining glyphs simply as " a character or a capability " would have been more logical and simpler , but the overheads were prohibitive ) .
Capabilities , including " text objects " , could be stored as capabilities in other text objects , or assigned to a string name , and stored in a " directory " .
The user interface was essentially just a text editor for " text objects " , but it also allowed embedded capabilities to be manipulated by cut / copy / paste , and other special operations .
A capability was displayed as as a cartouche , a box with text inside .
Evaluating a command line would replace it with the capability containing the value , and the cartouche for the capability would contain the evaluated text .
Since this usually included other cartouches , the display could quickly start to look something like this :
The exclaimation mark , '!' , means ' apply ' , and expressions are entered postfix , so this applies '+ ' to two parameters , the results of evaluating ' 1 ' , and ' 2 ' .
Presumeably the enclosing cartouche 's value is 3 !
Actually the cartouches ' values are capabilities to the integer values ' 1 , ' 2 ' , and ' 3 ' , rather than the values themselves , and so the type of '+ ' is something like :
'+' : ptr int × ptr int -> ptr int
'+' : int × int -> int
as one might expect , but this user interface was not really designed to be a pocket calculator !
The compilers were ( loosely speaking ) just functions from " text objects " to module values , and a module value was just a record containing the interface specification , and compiled data and function values .
There were no such things as include files ; if a program needed to link with a library , then ( a capability to ) the library 's module value was simply inserted into the persistent " text object " holding the program 's source .
The compiler would pick up the library 's interface specification from the module , and the module value itself would be included in the code output by the compiler .
At run-time , the program ( or the linker ) could link to the functions in the library 's executable , also taken from the same module value .
Module values were updateable , so that a module could be re-compiled , and as long as the interface specification had not changed , all programs with references to the module value would transparently start to use the new version .
Flex was usually programmed in Algol - 68 ( Ian Currie was on one of the Algol - 68 committees - I 'm not sure of the details ) , with the extension that procedures could ( safely ) escape from their scope - in modern language , this meant that functions were first - class values - indeed , in Flex the result of a program could be a function !
Not the text for a function , or even the binary implementing the function , but a capability to the function closure value , complete with bindings to all the variables in its non-local scope .
I think there was also an experimental Ada compiler .
In order to support this , Flex 's main memory had to be garbage - collected .
Flex also supported capabilities to objects on the disk and to remote objects accessible over the network .
In fact , the Flex disk was also garbage collected - an off - line operation that used to take a couple of hours for the 20 Mbyte ( ? )
PERQ disks .
This was , by the way , ample space for the complete Flex system , including all the source !
Flex was designed to be an integrated program development environment , but a variant was deployed for at least one embedded application .
The motivation for Ten15
With modern microprocessor - based systems ( here we are talking about Micro VAX , Sun 3 , Sun 4 , 386 - based PCs , etc. , but the conclusion has not changed ! ) microcoding a capability architecture was no longer possible .
So it began to look increasingly like the Flex system would die with the PERQ .
In order to avoid this a radical new approach was needed , and Ten15 was invented .
Folklore has it that the idea for Ten15 was proposed at 10:15 in the morning , and hence the name !
Perhaps it 's a good thing that the designers did n't work for an advertising company ;-)
Ten15 took a virtual machine approach to portability , but this did not automatically solve the problem of enforcing the capability architecture , without making every access to a capability go though a permission check - an approach that would have had horrible performance implications .
Instead it was decided to make everything in the virtual machine strongly - typed , and to use the type - checking to enforce the permission constraints .
For example , in Flex each word in memory was tagged so that capabilities could be distinguished ( by the hardware / microcode ) from other data .
These tags were not directly accessible to normal instructions , and so it was not possible to forge a capability to access memory that the program had not been explicitly given the right to access .
In Ten15 , the compiler knew the type of every word of memory directly accessible to the program at each point in its execution .
Thus , if the program currently held the base address of a record , and attempted to use the 5th member , say , as a pointer to an integer , then the compiler would know if this field really did contain a valid pointer to an integer , or whether it was some other data , and the programmer was ( intentionally , or unintentionally ) trying to access something he had no right to access .
This is no different from any strongly - typed language , however in Ten15 the type system was enforced uniformly across every data item in the system - there was no way around the type system visible to the user - and thus the type system ( together with run-time bounds checking , and garbage collection ) actually became the equivalent , as far as security and safety was concerned , of the virtual memory and dynamic address translation mechanisms in conventional systems .
In retrospect , writing an emulator for the Flex / PERQ capability machine would probably have achieved the project 's goals more quickly , and certainly by today the performance would have been adequate - but such is the benefit of hindsight , and perhaps the performance would not have been good enough , quickly enough to be really useful !
Ten15 's virtual machine
Of course , virtual machines were already old - hat in 1987 - Smalltalk - 80 had been around since , well , 1980 , but at that time processors were still so slow that these kinds of virtual machines had a very bad reputation for performance .
Thus Ten15 also took a different route here - using something more like Just - In - Time compilation .
Like Microsoft's .NET framework , Ten15 's virtual machine was intended to support the interworking of a number of high - level languages .
However , unlike .
NET , the virtual machine was n't designed from the union of all the features in all the languages that were of interest , rather it was an evaluator for a strongly - typed higher - order eager - evaluation lambda calculus , represented by a parse tree , which by its generality could automatically support any typed imperative language up to , and well beyond , Standard ML , and anything that could be mapped into any of these .
Another way of looking at this is that Ten15 was an idealized abstraction of high - level languages , whereas other virtual machines have usually been idealized abstractions of assembly - level languages .
As we have seen , the really unique design decision in Ten15 was for all the operations in the virtual machine to be strongly - typed , and to use strong - typing to provide the security that Flex had got by using micro-code enforced capabilities .
This meant that the type system had to be very powerful , otherwise it would limit the languages that could be supported .
Ten15 's type system included first - class function types , explicit bounded universal and existential polymorphism , with subtypes and range types .
The only other languages ( known to the author ) that have approached this in expressive power are Cardelli's F< : , and Quest , and some unimplemented ' paper ' languages , such as ' Fun ' used in this excellent computer surveys paper on type systems :
On understanding types , data abstraction , and polymorphism , by Cardelli and Wegner .
Ten15 also had a type Type , the type of values that represent a type at runtime , but this was usually only needed for the interactive shell , for debugging , and for implementing run-time typed languages , such as LISP .
Some novel features of the type system , such as unique types , and a solution to the problem of typing updateable values never , to my knowledge , even got published ( until now that is , if you are interested , see my articles below ) .
Rather than using just - in - time compilation as we now know it , to speed up the execution of this code , Ten15 did the compilation as part of the loading process .
Thus by the time you came to run something , it had already been converted to optimised binary instructions for the actual hardware you were running on .
Non-main memory types
As we have said , every aspect of Ten15 was strongly - typed .
This included objects stored in the persistent object store ( on disk ) , and references to objects on remote Ten15 machines , accessed over the network .
The Ten15 filestore was modelled on that of Flex , with a mostly non-overwriting structure , and object roots stored in presistent variables updated using two - phase commit algorithms from database theory , so that the filestore was never in an inconsistent state .
It was also possible to commit groups of persistent variables simultaniously , thus providing transactions , and this was also more efficient ( used fewer writes to disk ) than a sequence of single - variable commits .
A three - phase commit algorithm was designed ( and , I believe , implemented ) , that allowed distributed transactions modifying multiple filestores accessed over the network .
The filestore was garbage collected , like the Flex filestore .
Of course , there was nothing to stop Ten15 systems from communicating with non-Ten15 systems using , say TCP / IP , or from reading non-Ten15 files .
The results would still have had a good , strong type , probably " array of Byte " , and would have to have been parsed into higher - level types .
This is no different from the way that current systems usually operate .
The difference when accessing native Ten15 data was that this parsing and type recovery was carried out transparently by the underlying system , and the application only had to deal with the high - level , parsed representation .
Languages on Ten15
The main language for programming the Ten15 system was the Ten15 language .
This was the closest thing to an assembler language for Ten15 , but was more like an extended Standard ML .
It took very much the role of C# in Microsoft 's .
NET , being the language that most readily mapped onto the virtual machine , and the only language with full access to all the virtual machine 's facilities .
Algol - 68 was also very important , since most of the Flex code was written in Algol - 68 , and an Ada compiler was being developed .
Of course , any language could interwork with any other , so long as the data being transferred did n't use facilities ( or types ) beyond either language 's capabilities .
Unfortunately , the one language Ten15 could not support was C , since C is not adequately typed , and this - in the era of C's rising dominance - was a big reason for Ten15 's downfall .
Ten15 was seen as being increasingly marginalized by everyone 's desire to run C , and increasingly C++ , programs .
This is somewhat ironic given the recent proliferation and popularity of perl , python , ruby , Java , C# , etc , all of which would have mapped nicely onto Ten15 .
Low - Level Ten15 and TDF
In order to make the porting of Ten15 easier , I suggested ( I was attempting to port Ten15 to the 680X0 at the time ! ) that a lower - level , intermediate language be defined .
This would be the un-typed output of the Ten15 compiler , after type - checking had succeeded , and all the target - independent optimisations had been applied .
In other words , it would be the input to the target - dependent part of the Ten15 load - time compiler , which would become the only part of the compiler that would need to be re-targeted to run Ten15 on a new computer architecture .
In other respects this new intermediate language was much like normal Ten15 code , being a parse tree of a lambda - calculus - like language .
It became called " low - level Ten15 " .
It was realised that low - level Ten15 , since it was untyped , could actually be the target of weakly - typed languages , such as C and C++ , and when the Open Software Foundation ( OSF ) sent out their request for technologies for ANDF , the Architecturally - Neutral Distribution Format , low - level Ten15 was renamed TDF ( standing for " Ten15 Distribution Format " ) , and proposed to the OSF .
This bid was eventually successful , with TDF winning the OSF competition for ANDF , but in the process of making the application , work on Ten15 proper was halted , and as far as I know , never resumed .
Since then , TDF has itself had a checkered history .
Having met all the OSF requirements , and winning the ANDF competition , the take - up of TDF was disappointing .
After some years , the whole toolkit , including an optimizing C/C++ compiler and installation tools for a number of target platforms , was renamed " TenDRA " , and released as open - source .
It is even available as a Debian package !
Very recently there seems to be a re-newal of interest with the setting up of TenDRA.org , and new developments appear to be happening .
See TenDRA.org for more information about the history and past and future development of TDF .
It appears that the TDF acronym was retrospectively re-defined to mean " TenDRA Disribution Format " , despite the fact that TDF pre-dates TenDRA by at least 9 years .
Thus pushing references to Ten15 further into the mists of history ....
Specific Topics
The Ten15 Type system Bounded universal and existential quantification of types
The type of updateable values in Ten15
The ' unique ' type constructor in Ten15
Range types and assertions
Ions and function types
Wotsits The Ten15 run-time system Intercalation
Persistent datastore
References
The Algebraic Specification of a Target Machine : Ten15 , J M Foster , Chapter 9 in ??( pages 198-225 ) .
Computer Systems Series .
Published by Pitman , London , 1989 .
Ten15 : An Abstract Machine for Portable Environments , Ian F. Currie , J. M. Foster , P. W. Core , in Proceedings of ESEC ' 87 , 1st European Software Engineering Conference , edited by Howard K. Nichols and Dan Simpson , Strasbourg , France , September 9 - 11 , 1987 .
No 289 in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science series , published by Springer Verlag , 1987 .
ISBN 3-540-18712-X. Remote Capabilities , J. M. Foster , Ian F. Currie .
The Computer Journal 30 ( 5 ) : 451-457 ( 1987 ) Validating Microcode Algebraically , J. M. Foster .
The Computer Journal 29 ( 5 ) : 416-422 ( 1986 )
Some IPSE aspects of the FLEX project , I.F. Currie , Chapter 6 in Integrated project support environments ( pages 76 - 85 ) , edited by John McDermid .
Published by Peter Peregrinus Ltd , 1985 ( ISBN 0 86341 050 2 ) .
This book is the proceedings of " The Conference on Integrated Project Support Environments " held at the University of York ( U.K. ) , 10 - 12 April , 1985 .
To be added :
RSRE reports on Flex and Ten15
Computer Journal paper
My Thesis
Tim Blanchard 's Thesis
did anything else get out ?
Links
The U.S. Senate could end up looking like an American version of the House of Lords .
( Sen. Ted Kennedy with Caroline Kennedy )
Dems embrace dynasty politics
Barack Obama 's path to the presidency included beating what had been one of the nation 's most powerful families .
But , in an unusual twist , his election last month is helping accelerate the trend toward dynasty politics .
His secretary of state will be Hillary Clinton , the wife of the former president .
The Senate seat she ’ll vacate is being pursued by Caroline Kennedy , the daughter of a president and the niece of two senators .
Joe Biden ’s Senate seat may go to his son Beau .
Colorado Sen. Ken Salazar , Obama ’s pick for interior secretary , could end up being replaced by his brother , Rep. John Salazar .
Advertisement
And Obama ’s own seat could go to the son of the Rev. Jesse Jackson Sr. – less likely now in light of developments in the Rod Blagojevich scandal – or to the daughter of Illinois ’ current House speaker .
The U.S. Senate could end up looking like an American version of the House of Lords – and Republicans have begun to take notice .
“ Democrats seem to lack a common man who can just win a good , old - fashioned election , ” said Rep. Tom Reynolds ( R - N.Y. ) , the former chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee .
“ They ’ve got seat - warmers , seat - sellers and the making of pillows for the seats of royalty .
No wonder the public wonders what ’s going on in Washington . ”
While Obama ’s election and subsequent Cabinet appointments may have accelerated the trend toward dynasty , he ’s hardly responsible for it .
There is a rich bipartisan history of dynasty in American politics that dates all the way back to the Founding Fathers ; Obama - Biden actually represents the first winning ticket since 1976 without a son or a grandson of a U.S. senator on it .
In 2008 , the storied Udall clan , sometimes referred to as the Western Kennedys , saw two members elected to the Senate — Mark from Colorado and Tom from New Mexico .
In 2010 , they could be joined in the Senate by Florida ’s Jeb Bush , the son and brother of presidents and the grandson of a senator .
All told , it ’s entirely possible that the Senate will be comprised of nearly a dozen congressional offspring by the end of Obama ’s first term as president .
“ It ’s a very interesting American phenomenon , even though there is a line in the Constitution that says no title of nobility may be granted by the United States , ” says Stephen Hess , a senior fellow emeritus at the Brookings Institution and the author of “ America ’s Political Dynasties . ”
“ Given where we started , it ’s interesting that this has developed . ”
Almost everyone agrees that the high cost of elections is making the world ’s most exclusive club seem even more exclusive .
According to some estimates , the cost of winning Clinton ’s New York Senate seat in the special election in 2010 and the general election in 2012 will be in the neighborhood of $ 70 million .
“ There are three issues behind this trend , ” said Bob Edgar , the president of Common Cause and a former Pennsylvania congressman .
“ Money is issue number one , money is issue number two and money is issue number three . ”
“ It ’s an enormously expensive process to run for the United States Senate , ” added Edgar , who ran unsuccessfully for the Senate in 1986 .
“ And once someone runs for a Senate seat , there is a sense of ownership . ”
At the moment , the Senate includes six sons or daughters of congressmen .
And the House – the “ people ’s House ” – is n’t exactly bereft of hereditary influence , either .
In the 111th Congress next year , there will be 21 House members with a parent who also served in Congress – plus five wives who currently hold their late husbands ’ seats .
If Caroline Kennedy is appointed to the New York Senate seat — once held by her uncle , Sen. Robert F. Kennedy — she would be joined in Congress not only by another uncle , Sen .
Ted Kennedy , but also by his son , Rhode Island Rep. Patrick Kennedy .
Caroline Kennedy picked up support Tuesday from Rep. Louise Slaughter ( D - N.Y. ) , but Kennedy ’s relative inexperience has some other New York Democrats feeling wary – even if she does come wrapped in a legendary political name .
Republican New York Rep. Peter King – who is considering his own run for the seat – asked why New Yorkers would feel more comfortable with Kennedy “ than with people who have worked in the trenches and worked their way up . ”
Then he answered his own question .
“ Americans always say they do n’t like royalty and hereditary connections , ” he said .
“ On the other hand , they really like families like the Kennedys . ”
This article tagged under : 2010
Politics
Microsoft recently announced they had moved their IronRuby project to GitHub .
The announcement , like many projects these days , shows the project moving from its current Subversion repository to a Git repository located on Github .
The initial announcement came from the IronRuby list on RubyForge and explains the reasons for the move :
We ’d like to try to make things easier .
We ’d like to not be in the way of community work on IronRuby ; we ’d like to give the community a little more ownership over this project .
Ideally , we would all work out of the same repository , but this ca n’t happen right now .
However , we have some ideas to make things easier .
The advantages for Microsoft ’s move to Github are obvious and should help the team better interact with the community right away .
Microsoft also has other open source projects which can be a win for the company and the community :
First , we ’re moving to Github .
I ’ll be creating the Ironruby project on Github at http://github.com/ironruby/ironruby.
This will be the same user on Github that we use for IronRuby - contribs , and our versions of RubySpec .
The biggest upside of this is that anyone can fork IronRuby and work on it , and submit a pull request to get it integrated back into the main tree .
However , we do n’t want to be in the way of accepting patches .
This move also provides people knowledgeable with Git and IronRuby , to take on a role in the project in order to facilitate developers getting their updates into the project :
Next , we ’re going to institute a Linux - like system of Lieutenants .
We ’re looking for people who are passionate and knowledgeable about the IronRuby project to take on this role .
The goal of this system is to streamline the process , and make it easier for our external contributors to get code into IronRuby .
We ’d like to have Lieutenants who can take the patches and pull requests , code review them , and then commit them to their trees .
Then we can pull these forks into our repository when we do pushes , and integrate it into one repo .
Our hope is that we can be viewed as just one node in the tree , or ring .
We should n’t have to be the central repository ; we ’re just one of the repositories .
Since the IronRuby team uses Team Foundation Server , the Microsoft standard for source control management , the move to Git is intended to make transformations from TFS easier :
Finally , we are going to be getting rid of the history in SVN , which for the most part is a bunch of commits saying “ sync to the head of TFS . ”
We are doing this to get a fresh start .
The layout of the new Git repository is going to exactly match our internal layout .
That makes maintaining the transforms from TFS to GIT much easier .
It also will make things easier when talking about the locations of files .
The announcement was later confirmed on the Github blog :
Git has been gaining in popularity since it was released as an alternative to Subversion and other source control systems .
Git has command - line clients available for Linux , Mac OSX and Windows .
Windows users have msysgit to use Git , which uses Cygwin and creates a Bash shell prompt for interacting with your Git repositories .
Even though there is not currently a graphical interface to Git that Visual Studio developers are used to with other SCM systems like TFS and Subversion , the lack thereof is not a hindrance once the simple Git commands are learned .
IronRuby joins a growing list of high - profile projects relying on Github for their SCM , including Rubinius , Ruby on Rails , Merb and others .
This is certainly great news for developers interested in IronRuby , gaining easier access to source and greater ease of forking for their own use as well as contributing back to the project .
Learn more about Github and the IronRuby repository on Github .
The Archbishop of Canterbury has reignited the debate over the separation of church and state by saying that " it would not be the end of the world if the established church disappeared " .
In an interview with this week 's New Statesman , Rowan Williams argues there is a " certain integrity " to a church free from state sanctions .
Williams , who was born in Swansea , grew up in the Church of Wales , a disestablished church , and spent 10 years working as one of its bishops .
He said : " I can see that it 's by no means the end of the world if the establishment disappears .
The strength of it is that the last vestiges of state sanction disappeared , so when you took a vote at the Welsh synod , it did n't have to be nodded through by parliament afterwards .
There is a certain integrity to that . "
He expressed his concern , however , that secularists and atheists would capitalise on attempts to separate church and state by saying religion was in an increasingly precarious position in British life .
Williams told the magazine : " It 's a very shaky time for the public presence of faith in society .
I think the motives that would now drive disestablishment from the state side would be mostly to do with ... trying to push religion into the private sphere , and that 's the point where I think I 'd be bloody - minded and say , ' Well , not on that basis . ' "
Before he became archbishop , in 2002 , Williams never had to pledge allegiance to the Queen , and was sceptical about the establishment Church of England .
In 2000 , two years before his appointment , he said : " I think that the notion of the monarch as supreme governor has outlived its usefulness .
I believe increasingly that the church has to earn the right to be heard by the social world .
Establishment is just one of those things that make it slightly harder . "
When his name began to be associated with the Canterbury office he clarified his position in a public statement , claiming disestablishment was " not at the top of the agenda for the Church of England " .
Williams also reflected on the outrage sparked by his observations on sharia law – that adoption of certain aspects of it in Britain were inevitable .
" I think what it did bring home to me was the degree to which we love to have people making our flesh creep .
The scapegoating , the anger .
It 's a worrying thing because it depends on keeping crisis at the forefront of everybody 's mind . "
“ The days of obstruction are over , ” said Senator Charles E. Schumer of New York , chairman of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee .
“ And in a bipartisan way , we in the Senate and our colleagues in the House will work together to turn America in the right direction after eight long years . ”
Since winning control of the Senate in 2006 , the Democrats have had little breathing room , holding a majority of just 51 to 49 , thanks only to two independents , Senators Bernard Sanders of Vermont and Joseph I. Lieberman of Connecticut , who have caucused with them .
And Mr. Lieberman has consistently voted against the Democrats on bills related to the Iraq war and national security , giving Republicans and President Bush an edge on those issues .
Mr. Lieberman , a close ally of Senator John McCain , now faces uncertain standing within the Democratic Party ; some colleagues have talked about stripping him of his post as chairman of the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee .
Even so , it is clear that the party will have more muscle to pursue its agenda in the coming Congress .
From the White Mountains of New Hampshire to the Rocky Mountains in the West to the glaciers of Alaska , Democratic candidates rode a wave of dissatisfaction with Republicans and the Bush administration .
It began with frustration over the war in Iraq and broadened into fury and dismay over economic turmoil at home , with home prices falling , unemployment on the rise and consumer confidence shattered .
In New Hampshire , the Democrat , former Gov. Jeanne Shaheen , defeated Mr. Sununu in a bitter rematch of their 2002 contest by repeatedly tying him to President Bush , on the war , national security , economic policies and energy .
She becomes the first female senator in the state ’s history and the first Democrat elected to the Senate from New Hampshire in more than 28 years .
Mrs. Shaheen , 61 , capitalized on a huge transformation of the electorate in recent years that has shifted the state solidly into the Democratic column .
Mr. Sununu , who at 44 is the youngest senator , had hoped to ride Mr. McCain ’s coattails but found himself battling alone as support for Mr. McCain dissipated and Senator Barack Obama opened up a wide lead in most voter polls .
First US Hybrid Ferry to Take Tourists to Alcatraz
December 17th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
Alcatraz Island , one of the most popular tourist destinations in the US , will soon have visitors arriving on a hybrid ferryboat .
The Hornblower Hybrid will be powered by two ten - foot - tall wind turbines and a photovoltaic solar array covering the awning ’s top deck .
The solar and wind energy will be used for the boat ’s navigation tools , lighting , and other electronic devices .
In addition to alternative energy sources , the Hornblower Hybrid will also feature clean , fuel - efficient marine diesel engines .
Of course , the vessel is n’t much more than a publicity stunt if riders are n’t given information about its energy use .
Let ’s hope that Alcatraz Cruises takes the time to educate the school groups and visitors from around the world that take trips to Alcatraz every day .
Photo Credit : Alcatraz Cruises
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
BAGHDAD , Iraq ( CNN ) -- Iraqis outraged by a proposed security pact between Iraq and the United States staged an angry but peaceful protest against the deal Friday .
Protesters demonstrate Friday in downtown Baghdad against a deal to keep U.S. forces in Iraq .
Thousands of people -- most of whom are backers of anti-American Shiite cleric Muqtada al - Sadr -- streamed into Baghdad 's Firdous Square waving Iraqi flags , hoisting posters with portraits of the cleric and carrying signs scorning the agreement .
Protesters at one point set fire to U.S. flags and an effigy of President Bush , but the rally was well - organized and peaceful with no evidence of fighting or arrests .
People dispersed amicably after the 2 ½ - hour event .
The protest was announced last week by al - Sadr , who called for Sunnis and Shiites to hold a unified Friday prayer ceremony and have a peaceful demonstration against the agreement .
The security agreement , reached after months of negotiations between Iraqi and U.S. representatives , sets June 30 , 2009 , as the deadline for U.S. combat troops to withdraw from all Iraqi cities and towns .
The date for all U.S. troops to leave Iraq would be December 31 , 2011 .
Watch what happens to an effigy of President Bush »
It would replace a U.N. resolution expiring at year 's end that sets out the role of U.S. and allied troops in Iraq .
The Iraqi government approved the pact Sunday , and now the measure is under debate in parliament , where there has been overheated discussion between proponents and opponents .
A vote is expected next week .
The Sadrists have long been in the forefront of opposition to the deal , and others -- such as Sunni Arabs and secularists -- have expressed reservations and opposition to the pact .
The Sadrists oppose having any agreement with the United States and want U.S. forces to leave immediately .
They have been protesting the security agreement for months in Baghdad 's Sadr City , where the cleric has strong support .
The demonstration brought out one of the largest crowds to congregate in Baghdad since protests against the agreement started this year .
The square was sealed off and traffic was blocked as thousands chanted " No no to the agreement , " " No no America , " and " Out , out occupation . "
The effigy of Bush had been hanging next to a monument in the square where a statue of deposed Iraqi President Saddam Hussein was toppled in April 2003 during the U.S. - led invasion of Iraq .
Protesters eventually pulled down the hanging effigy , threw shoes at it , stomped it and burned it .
Al - Sadr was n't at the demonstration and is believed to be in Iran .
A sheikh at the protest , Abdul Hadi al - Mohamadawi , read a letter from al - Sadr .
He renewed his rejection of the agreement and called on followers to use means they deem appropriate to get the " occupier " out of Iraq .
Prime Minister Nuri Al - Maliki 's government approved the security pact earlier in the week .
Parliament has wrestled with the proposal for several days and may vote on it Monday .
If a vote has to be held beyond Monday , Kurdish lawmaker Mahmoud Othman said it could be delayed by the annual hajj religious pilgrimage and Eid al - Adha , the Muslim holiday that comes at the end of the pilgrimage .
Othman said about 50 lawmakers plan to attend the hajj on Tuesday or Wednesday .
Al - Maliki warned on Thursday that if the measure is n't approved , there wo n't be enough time to develop a new agreement before the year is out .
He said the country might have to delay its quest for sovereignty and ask the U.N. Security Council to renew a resolution that authorizes the presence of U.S. and allied troops in Iraq .
Other developments
• A roadside bomb detonated near an Iraqi police checkpoint in southern Baghdad on Friday , killing three people and wounding 15 others , an Iraqi Interior Ministry official said .
Four police officers were among the wounded in the capital 's Dora district .
• A second roadside bombing took place in western Baghdad 's Mansour district , the official said .
The bomb targeted an Iraqi army foot patrol , wounding two soldiers and two civilians .
• In southern Baghdad on Friday , the U.S. military reported three bombings in the Hadar neighborhood of southern Baghdad .
One person was killed and four others were wounded .
• The military also reported the non-combat death of a U.S. soldier in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul on Friday , bringing the number of U.S. service member deaths this month to 13 .
All About Iraq • U.S. Armed Forces • Muqtada al - Sadr • Nuri al - Maliki
Carolyn Harris
Infowars
December 11 , 2008
As has mentioned several times on - air , this is a very disturbing development : the National Guard is being assimilated into the " Total Force " of the US military .
As with many other issues , the government and military directives and memos are couched in the typical flowery language that is written in a code that few outsiders understand .
Once one reads enough internal documents the code becomes clear .
Understanding the code words and language helps to clarify what is actually being recommended and is occurring right in front of our eyes .
It utilizes the often - stated tenet that their anti-freedom measures are " best hidden in plain sight . "
The Gates memo declares that it will make changes with state governors and representatives " as appropriate " which is code for including only those persons who are amenable to federal control , and naturally exclude any governor or representative who truly asserts their rights and those of the People .
A commission was created by Congress [ established by section 513 of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 ( P.L. 108-375 , Oct 28 , 2004 , 118 STAT . 1880 ) ] to study the state of the National Guard and Reserves and to make recommendations regarding their composition , management , roles , funding and missions .
The commission was required to make several reports to the Secretary of Defense ( SecDef ) as well as a final report with recommendations .
The 95 recommendations in their final report , published on January 31 , 2005 , were considered and 82 of the recommendations either have already been implemented or have been accepted and will be implemented by the Department of Defense ( DoD ) through policy changes or changes to the statues via the National Defense Authorization Act of 2009 , as announced in a memo dated Nov. 24 , 2008 .
The remaining 13 were accepted are under the purview of other Departments or SecDef Gates has decided that no action be taken .
The recommendations that are so disturbing are those involving the assimilation the National Guard and Reserves into the regular US military , under control and management of the DoD .
Some recommendations that were accepted and show this disturbing trend include the assertion that it should be codified into federal law that it is the DoD ’s responsibility to provide support to civil authorities , is a " core competency " and comprises and equal importance to its combat responsibilities .
In addition , DoD should prepare the bulk of necessary planning etc. , and the response to any catastrophe .
Further , proposed changes in legislative language will created after an assessment by the Joint Chiefs of Staff in consultation with DHS , other federal agencies and " representative State and local officials as appropriate ( which may be accomplished through the Council of Governors , once established ) . "
The statement that the DoD , various intelligence , various federal agencies and " representative State and local officials as appropriate ( which may be accomplished through the Council of Governors , once established ) " will be determining the role of the Guard and Reserves – and the " integrated role " of the National Guard and Reserves in the " Total Force " – in emergency situations that affect states is alarming on several levels .
Notice how the input from representatives of the People are " as appropriate " listed with the Federal agencies , and listed last .
Just like ingredients listed on food labels , the departments and responsible persons listed here are listed in order of their importance and level of input .
And note also the " Council of Governors " which has " yet to be established . "
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
There is no hiding the disdain of the military for " civilian " participation in decision - making and control over the National Guard .
The yet - to - be- established Council of Governors will eliminate the control of state Governors , who are representatives of the People of their states and the bulwark against federal intrusion and co-opting of the rights of the People within their states , over the National Guard of their states .
Without the control of the National Guard , the governors no longer have the authority to deploy them to protect the People of the state from the federal government .
" Homeland missions " are now under federal control of the DoD , according to the recommendation accepted by SecDef Gates .
Reserve and Guard designations are to be eliminated in rank and title , the Guard and Reserves have a common personnel management system ( combining Defense Officer Personnel Management Act ( DOPMA ) and the Reserve Officer Personnel Management Act ( ROPMA ) ) , pay system , education ( to achieve " joint qualification " certification and credits ) , retirement system , medical and dental care system , and their command structure within NORTHCOM .
Guard and Reserve members now have common missions ( " Joint Duty Assignments " ) and " all reserve duty will be considered active duty . "
In addition , the military will now " reduce duty statuses from 29 to 2 " ( active / non- active ) , create a civilian skill database that is like NATOs and will " allow worldwide interoperability . "
All of these measures are intended , as repeatedly stated to achieve a " Total Integrated Force . "
The DoD will write legislative language that will be delivered to Congress so that existing laws will be amended to enable these changes to be made , in addition to policy changes within the Department itself .
Some of these changes have yet to be codified into law and reflect only the recommendations accepted by SecDef Gates , others have already been implemented .
Many laws , such as the Patriot Act , Victory Act ( analysis here ) , and the John Warner Military Commission Act , authorize the federal government to forcibly vaccinate , remove and redistribute the population , and to designate anyone who talks about the Constitution as a " terrorist " and enables the military or police to kidnap a Person secretly designated as an " enemy combatant " and rendition them to a secret facility in which they will be held and tortured , since they have no more rights under that designation .
This Gates memo declares that it will make changes with state governors and representatives " as appropriate " which is code for including only those persons who are amenable to federal control , and naturally exclude any governor or representative who truly asserts their rights and those of the People .
This enables the DoD and other agencies to steamroll these changes and pressure Congress into passing laws codifying these new powers of the DoD .
Attempts to remove or lessen control by governors of the National Guard is nothing new .
In 1986 " James H. Webb , Assistant Secretary of Defense for Reserve Affairs , disclosed a week ago that he had been directed to prepare a bill that would prevent governors from blocking the assignment of their Guard units to Central America for training . "
In August 2006 , a letter was sent to leaders of both political parties in Congress protesting what they saw as an " unprecedented shift in authority from the states to the federal government " and urging them to " remove a provision included in the House - passed version of the National Defense Authorization
Act giving the president … authority " to control the National Guard in natural disasters or a threat to homeland security .
Notably , it was signed by 51 governors including some US territories showing the clear opposition to the " authority creep " of the executive branch .
It can not be overstated that now that most of the local Sheriffs and municipal law enforcement have been federalized , it falls upon the governor ’s ability to control and deploy the National Guard to protect the People of the state from the federal government .
Now this seems to have been accomplished , although using the code language .
" The DoD should develop protocols that allow governors to direct the efforts of federal military assets responding to an emergency such as a natural disaster .
This direction may be accomplished through the governor ’s use of a dual - hatted military commander . "
There is a critical difference between " directing the efforts of " and having direct control .
And notice the word " may . "
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
The Powerline ’s Hindrocket :
Obama thinks he is a good talker , but he is often undisciplined when he speaks .
He needs to understand that as President , his words will be scrutinized and will have impact whether he intends it or not .
In this regard , President Bush is an excellent model ; Obama should take a lesson from his example .
Bush never gets sloppy when he is speaking publicly .
He chooses his words with care and precision , which is why his style sometimes seems halting .
In the eight years he has been President , it is remarkable how few gaffes or verbal blunders he has committed .
If Obama does n’t raise his standards , he will exceed Bush ’s total before he is inaugurated .
And because no post about Hindrocket would be complete without this walk down memory lane :
It must be very strange to be President Bush .
A man of extraordinary vision and brilliance approaching to genius , he ca n’t get anyone to notice .
He is like a great painter or musician who is ahead of his time , and who unveils one masterpiece after another to a reception that , when not bored , is hostile .
This whole Palin thing is starting to make more sense .
Call it Web2.0 if you must , but the techniques and mind set of building simple , building fast has lead to a plethora of web applications .
Following close behind was a collection of directories and showcases for these cool web apps .
Feedmyapp is a showcase where you can submit your , or someone else ’s , web 2.0 app .
In doing so you “ feed your app ” , thus receiving many many visitors from here and helping us update the directory !
The site was built primarily as a showcase and gallery that shows some of the fantastic Adobe AIR applications that are being developed today .
KillerStartups.com is a user driven internet startups community .
Entrepreneurs , investors , and bloggers are staying informed on up - and - coming internet startups using our blog platform , where internet entrepreneurs submit their startup to see what others think about it .
Here at Simple Spark , we like cool stuff .
We know a lot of developers who have fantastic ideas , but just ca n’t find an audience for their creation .
If you ’re a developer with a idea , Simple Spark can help you find both the tools and audience for your work — we can help you dream , create and succeed .
Apps Mania was launched in June of 2007 in order to satisfy the need of Internet entrepreneurs to have a place for presenting their new Web applications .
* A directory of web 2.0 applications and services
* Born around mid 2006
* 2755 logos as of Monday , October 20 , 2008
* As a visitor , you are probably active in the web 2.0 community and you are one of those labeled as ‘ early adopters ’ .
Are you ?
* Thousands of visitors every day
* There ’s a higher chance that you ’ve been here before than that this is your 1st visit here
* Converges both Flash and AJAX technologies
NetWebApp features a clean , crisp design which makes browsing around the directory a breeze .
Entries are organized by category , with each category being accessed via the top of the page .
Good quality extra -virgin olive oil contains health - relevant chemicals , ' phytochemicals ' , that can trigger cancer cell death .
New research published in the open access journal BMC Cancer sheds more light on the suspected association between olive oil - rich Mediterranean diets and reductions in breast cancer risk .
Javier Menendez from the Catalan Institute of Oncology and Antonio Segura - Carretero from the University of Granada in Spain led a team of researchers who set out to investigate which parts of olive oil were most active against cancer .
Menendez said , " Our findings reveal for the first time that all the major complex phenols present in extra- virgin olive oil drastically suppress overexpression of the cancer gene HER2 in human breast cancer cells " .
Extra -virgin olive oil is the oil that results from pressing olives without the use of heat or chemical treatments .
It contains phytochemicals that are otherwise lost in the refining process .
Menendez and colleagues separated the oil into fractions and tested these against breast cancer cells in lab experiments .
All the fractions containing the major extra-virgin phytochemical polyphenols ( lignans and secoiridoids ) were found to effectively inhibit HER2 .
Although these findings provide new insights on the mechanisms by which good quality oil , i.e. polyphenol - rich extra - virgin olive oil , might contribute to a lowering of breast cancer risk in a HER2 - dependent manner , extreme caution must be applied when applying the lab results to the human situation .
As the authors point out , " The active phytochemicals ( i.e. lignans and secoiridoids ) exhibited tumoricidal effects against cultured breast cancer cells at concentrations that are unlikely to be achieved in real life by consuming olive oil " .
Nevertheless , and according to the authors , " These findings , together with the fact that that humans have safely been ingesting significant amounts of lignans and secoiridoids as long as they have been consuming olives and extra- virgin oil , strongly suggest that these polyphenols might provide an excellent and safe platform for the design of new anti breast - cancer drugs " .
Telcos are ripping you off .
If you are surprised by this , you may also be interested in some prime real estate I have for sale .
It 's on the Moon .
But just because we all know that we are being scammed does n't make the manner of the sting any less interesting .
A piece in the New York Times goes into some detail on the cost of text messages to the cell carriers and concludes that it is close to zero .
An SMS does n't even take any bandwidth away from the regular channels which carry calls :
That ’s why a message is so limited in length : it must not exceed the length of the message used for internal communication between tower and handset to set up a call .
The channel uses space whether or not a text message is inserted .
Cost to telco : $ 0.00 .
Cost to customers : $ 0.20 .
Number of text messages sent per year ( worldwide ) : 2.5 trillion .
We 'll leave you to do the math .
Suffice it to say that printer ink market now looks like a bargain .
What Carriers Are n’t Eager to Tell You About Texting [ NYT ]
The Good , the Bad and the Ugly 11/06/2008
Justin Long and Tila Tequila getting cozy - Amore Magazine
Daniel Craig thinks new Bond girl is sexy - Anything Hollywood
Will Suri get a baby brother ?
- Celeb Newswire
Attention ladies : Marilyn Manson is single again - Celeb Warship
David and Victoria Beckham keep their love alive - Celebitchy
Christina Ricci sexy Italian Vanity Fair photo shoot - Celebrity Dirty Laundry
Taylor Swift pregnancy rumors - Daily Stab
Christina Aguilera looks like a blonde Amy Winehouse - Gabby Babble
Miley Cyrus and John Travolta 's new music video - Geno's World
Want to feel good about yourself ?
Check out this photo - Hollywood Backwash
Find out the new Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer rumors - Hollywood Crap
Danny Bonaduce divorce final - Hot Momma Gossip
What " The View " thinks about Obama win ?
Watch the video - Pop on the Pop
Angelina Jolie fitness secrets - The Blemish
A look at the biggest celebrity homes - Top Socialite
( CNN ) -- As Sen . John McCain bowed out of the historic presidential election Tuesday night , he urged his supporters to bridge their differences with Sen.
Barack Obama and unite for the good of the country .
Supporters of John McCain react as their candidate concedes in Phoenix , Arizona .
" Sen . Obama and I have had and argued our differences , and he has prevailed .
No doubt many of those differences remain .
These are difficult times for our country .
And I pledge to him tonight to do all in my power to help him lead us through the many challenges we face , " he said .
Just the mention of the Democrat 's name elicited boos from the sea of teary - eyed McCain supporters at the Arizona Biltmore in Phoenix , Arizona .
Members of the dejected crowd shouted " no way ! " when McCain promised to work with Obama .
Watch McCain 's concession speech »
As McCain graciously acknowledged defeat , it was clear that not all of his supporters were ready to rally behind the president - elect .
Kevin Neugebauer of Katy , Texas , said he was " really disappointed " and " distraught " about his party 's loss .
" Being a conservative , I think the Republican Party 's kind of lost some of their identity of who they are .
I really do n't understand how it could happen , " he said .
" I do n't know if it 's really sunk in .
It 's hard to understand . "
Watch more on McCain 's loss »
Other McCain voters took their frustrations to the Internet , finding solidarity on anti-Obama sites .
" We have to watch this guy and not give him an inch , " one McCain supporter wrote .
" The same way he criticized every move of President Bush .
We have to make things as difficult for him as he did for Bush . "
See what CNN analysts had to say about the Obama win »
" The new mantra for all of us , " another supporter declared .
Some voters wrote that they cried through the night , declaring Tuesday a " sad day " for the country , while others encouraged Republicans to " hold your heads up high . "
McCain 's concession was reminiscent of Sen. Hillary Clinton 's call for unity when she abandoned her campaign last June and urged her 18 million voters to rally behind Obama .
See what Clinton and others had to say about the win »
The New York senator 's endorsement was met with a scattering of boos and thumbs - downs from the crowd , and some ardent Clinton backers vowed to never embrace Obama .
Even as Clinton campaigned hard for Obama , there were questions about whether her voters would follow suit .
In the final weeks of campaigning , McCain and Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin saw a similar degree of passion at their events , and with that passion came rage from some supporters .
Some McCain voters called Obama a " terrorist , " and others said they were afraid of an Obama presidency .
McCain was booed when he urged everyone to be respectful and not fear Obama .
Obama won the presidency with the support of 63 million voters , but he must now win the confidence of the other 56 million who thought McCain was the better candidate .
Obama reached out to those voters in his victory speech Tuesday night , telling them , " I may not have won your vote tonight , but I hear your voices .
I need your help .
And I will be your president , too . "
As Obama transitions into power , Democratic strategist Donna Brazile says , he should ask McCain to help set a new tone in the country .
" A tone that would allow the American people to come together .
The one mistake that we continue to make is that we label people .
We say you 're conservatives , liberal , progressive , right wing , left wing .
I think people just want to spend one day being Americans .
They want to come together around a common purpose , common values , " she said .
" I think this is a wonderful moment , not just to re-brand one party or to give another party a mandate , but to give the American people a future that they deserve . "
CNN 's Katie Hawkins - Gaar contributed to this report .
All About Republican Party • John McCain
Uncharted Territory ( Season 13 , Episode 1 )
ANIMAL
In the Season 13 premiere , the crabs have vanished , igniting a hunt to save the fleet 's way of life ;
Sig resumes the helm after a major heart attack ;
Bill debuts his own new boat in a crisis season ; and a rescue is attempted for a heart - attack victim .
Have you ever been watching television , enjoying some soft core porn your favorite family friendly sitcom , when it was interrupted by not only a commercial , but the stupidest commercial in the world ?
It ’s happened to all of us at one time or another sure .
But , is n’t there a point where it ’s just gone too far ?
Should n’t there be a limit to the stupidity that is television advertising .
Do n’t get us wrong , we love a good commercial .
But , we hate the bad ones .
Here ’s some of the worst .
_________________________________________________________________________________________________
The Company : British Airways
The Commercial : “ There ’s a Whale at the Airport ”
Do n’t get us wrong , we think marine animals are great .
Nothing cuter than a dolphin doing whatever it is a dolphin does .
But , at the airport ?
No thanks .
Unless that dolphin is going to bring some coffee and donuts while we wait for our flight to board .
That ’s cool then .
Maybe a mermaid flight attendant , now that ’d be hot .
__________________________________________________________________________________________________
The Company : Head On
The Commercial : “ Maybe it ’s Chapstick for Your Head ”
It basically looks as if the woman in the commercial is using chap stick on her forehead .
Maybe that ’s what this product is .
Perhaps it ’s lip balm for a dry and irritated forehead .
You know , from wearing a hat or a wool sock cap too long .
The only thing worse than an itchy forehead is an itchy ass … we need “ Ass On . ”
__________________________________________________________________________________________________
The Company : Truth - Anti Smoking Advertising
The Commercial : “ Unicorns Sing About Cigarettes ”
It looks like the audience at the end of this ridiculous commercial are pretty much in the same boat as us .
Asking the question … “ Huh ? ” Seriously , what the hell do unicorns and leprachauns have to do with smoking ?
We could probably buy into this if , and only if , Puff the Magic Dragon was in on it , “ puff ” ing away at a cigarette .
__________________________________________________________________________________________________
Company : Vitamin Water
The Commercial : “ Kelly Clarkson and the Cobra ”
Despite how awesome the dude at the beginning of the commercial is , this spot for Vitamin Water falls just short of making us want to buy water .
It ’s sad really , because the product is great , flavored water makes regular water taste like bleh .
We ’d shower in the stuff if it was n’t a dollar a bottle .
Even so , we still think about it .
__________________________________________________________________________________________________
Company : Burger King
The Commercial : “ Whopper Junior is a Bastard ”
We love burgers .
We do n’t love people in burger suits .
This just seems like a feeble attempt at Burger King to capitalize on the success McDonald ’s had with Mayor McCheese and Officer Big Mac .
Besides , what appeal does an asshole Burger / Human Hybrid freak child have , certainly does n’t make us hungry .
__________________________________________________________________________________________________
What ’s the wackiest commercial you ’ve seen on television ?
Tell us about it in the comments section !
Shares around the world rebounded strongly today as traders took heart from the US government 's multibillion dollar rescue of Citigroup , the tottering US banking behemoth .
The move gave a big boost to confidence , sending shares sharply higher throughout Europe .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average was also expected to move ahead strongly when trading begins later today .
Citigroup shares surged more than 30 % in pre-market trading , to $ 5.07 .
By 1 pm , the FTSE 100 index , which suffered its third worst week ever last week , was trading 176 points higher , a jump of almost 5 % .
In an effort to shore up confidence in America 's crumbling financial system , the US government has taken a $ 20 bn ( £ 13.4 bn ) stake in the bank .
Its shares surged more than 30 % in pre-market trading on Wall Street this afternoon .
The US treasury secretary , Henry Paulson , and the Federal Reserve chairman , Ben Bernanke , worked with officials throughout the weekend on the lifeline for the institution whose collapse would have wreaked havoc on the US economy .
The New York Federal Reserve board president , Timothy Geithner , who is expected to be nominated later today to succeed Paulson as treasury secretary , also was closely involved .
" With these transactions , the US government is taking the actions necessary to strengthen the financial system and protect US taxpayers and the US economy , " the authorities said in a statement issued late last night .
" We will continue to use all of our resources to preserve the strength of our banking institutions , and promote the process of repair and recovery and to manage risks . "
The $ 20bn cash injection by the treasury will come from the $ 700bn US financial bail - out package .
The move follows an earlier $ 25bn infusion in Citigroup for which the government received an ownership stake .
As part of the plan , the treasury and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation will guarantee against the " possibility of unusually large losses " on up to $ 306bn of risky loans and securities backed by commercial and residential mortgages .
Under the loss - sharing arrangement , Citigroup will assume the first $ 29bn in losses on the risky pool of assets .
Beyond that amount , the government would absorb 90 % of the remaining losses , with Citigroup absorbing 10 % .
The agreement places restrictions on executive compensation , including bonuses , and calls on Citigroup to take steps to help distressed homeowners .
The move is the latest in a string of high - profile government bail - outs .
The Fed provided financial backing to JPMorgan Chase 's buyout of ailing Bear Stearns in March .
Six months later , the government was forced to take over mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and throw a financial lifeline to the insurance giant American International Group .
Citigroup yesterday ran full - page newspaper adverts in the US to reassure investors and creditors it could survive the latest bout of turmoil in the markets .
A slump in Citigroup stock last week saw its shares lose 60 % of their value .
Once the world 's largest bank , Citigroup 's asset base of $ 2tn is much larger than Lehman Brothers , whose bankruptcy in September led to a deepening of the credit crisis that was threatening to engulf Citigroup .
Citigroup is adamant that the price slump , which has pushed its stock to the lowest point since 1992 , is a product of mistaken fears for the strength of its balance sheet .
In its adverts , it said financial markets had been tested in " unprecedented ways " this year , but its diversified business model – which ranges from credit cards to transaction services and investment banking – would steer it through the uncertainty .
It ended with a clarion call and an unintentional allusion to the exhaustive talks this weekend at Citigroup 's Manhattan headquarters : " That 's why now , more than ever , you can feel confident that Citi never sleeps . "
Mike Mayo , an analyst at Deutsche Bank , believes reserves of $ 25bn and other resources should cover estimated losses of $ 50bn on bad loans .
Richard Bove , at Ladenburg Thalmann & Co , said it would take a repeat of the Great Depression to threaten Citigroup 's survival .
However , concerns over the US economy are focusing on Citigroup .
Sean Egan , at Egan - Jones Ratings , has argued that the bank might need a further $ 50 bn .
The fear is that Citigroup will be exposed to more losses if US growth deteriorates severely .
Last month , the bank obtained $ 25 bn from the treasury 's troubled asset relief programme .
Vikram Pandit , Citigroup 's embattled chief executive , has ruled out a break - up , dismissing reports it might sell Smith Barney , its wealth management arm .
But it is understood executives have not ruled out a break - up .
Market professionals said Citigroup 's stock would be hammered again this morning if a deal was not struck with the US government .
Joe Saluzzi at Themis Trading said it needed to announce a break - up , management change or restructuring by today .
" That would probably continue a rally on Monday morning , " he said .
Venice ' under water ' after worst floods for 20 years
Venice has been hit by the worst flooding in more than 20 years , as high winds and days of heavy rain pushed the level of the city ’s lagoon to more than five feet above its average height .
For most professionals , an acceptable excuse is required to miss
work : a swollen appendix , ailing grandmother , whiplash , at the very
least .
Pharmacists , on the other hand , may refuse to do their jobs for any
old reason – or for none at all .
We ’re talking about birth control , of
course .
In the District , for example , pharmacists are not required to
provide such products , especially if their " personal views " wo n’t allow
it .
According to NARAL Pro-Choice America , only six states bar
pharmacists from withholding birth control prescriptions / doing their
jobs : California , Illinois , Maine , Nevada , New Jersey , and Washington .
That means that D.C. is a hotbed of the ultimate bullshit defense
for denying health care to women .
Pharmacists here can refuse to
provide women ’s health care based on such " personal views " as latent
sexism , unsubstantiated medical opinion , or whim .
Some other " personal
views " local pharmacies have offered up :
It ’s private .
A pharmacy ’s trust factor often
relies on its adherence to privacy – its hushed consultations , the 3 - foot
courtesy bubble between customers , pills wrapped in nondescript white
paper packaging .
For contraception allies , these conventions help keep
birth control a personal transaction not subject to political
interference .
But right across the counter , the " privacy " excuse allows
pharmacists to deny you access to contraception at any time while
shirking explanation and accountability - no questions asked .
A flack for
Wellington Pharmacy defers to the privacy excuse – " it ’s a relationship
between a person and their physician " – as to why the pharmacy ,
affiliated with Catholic - leaning Providence Hospital , provides Viagra
but no birth control .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
This pharmacy is here to deny your rights .
Those
not interested in providing medications to humans can choose from a
host of careers that are not involved in providing medications to
humans .
And yet , the D.C. area is home to several anti-contraception
advocates that insist upon going the pharmaceutical route .
For all
these pharmacies gets wrong about women ’s health – namely , their
positions on condoms , birth control , and the morning - after pill – they
often get one thing right :
At the most fanatical anti-contraception
outfits , women at least know what they ’re not getting .
America ’s latest
pro-life pharmaceutical poster child , Chantilly ’s Divine Mercy Care
Pharmacy , defied the tight - lipped industry standard with its grand
opening last fall .
Holy water slicked the shelves .
A bishop blessed the
operation .
The AP took video .
But though the DMC is the only local
pharmacy affiliated with anti-contraception group Pharmacists for Life
International , it ’s less dangerous than the other area pharmacies
quietly denying access to birth control .
They ’ve got inventory issues .
On a recent Saturday ,
I contacted 10 local CVS pharmacies to see if they had the
morning - after pill in stock .
Nine did .
The pharmacist at the one that
did n’t informed me that his store ’s Plan B shipments arrived on
Tuesdays , so I would just have to wait 72 hours to get my hands on the
pill .
Never mind that the effectiveness of Plan B decreases with each
hour after unprotected sex , and that after 72 hours , its chances of
preventing pregnancy are kaput .
The representative at another CVS that
did have the pill informed me they only had two pill packs left on the
shelf .
They , too , received new shipments only once a week , on Tuesdays ,
so my chances of getting the morning after pill depend on a guessing
game of how many condoms broke in the District of Columbia in any given
week .
Here ’s a tip , CVS shoppers :
If you ’re going to need to use the
morning - after pill , just make sure that morning falls on a Wednesday .
They ’re weirdos .
Though it ’s not uncommon for
pharmacists to operate behind a shield of privacy , some display a
distaste for discussing women ’s health that borders on good
old - fashioned sexism .
When it comes to contraception , pharmacists are
often skittish about discussing the most basic aspect of their
business – which prescriptions they will fill and which they will not .
And it ’s not just pharmacies with moral motivations against
contraception that are n’t talking .
In a telephone interview , the
proprietor at Dupont ’s Tschiffely Pharmacy refused to discuss whether
the shop dispensed the morning - after pill .
But when I stopped in to try
to pick up a pill pack , Plan B was in stock and offered with a smile .
Georgetown ’s Dumbarton Pharmacy , meanwhile , declined to discuss its
contraceptive options at all .
Playing coy with contraceptive options is
less cute when women need to locate them instantly in order for them to
work .
No other common , FDA - approved , over - the - counter medication would
receive such silent treatment from pharmacists .
Even chain stores like Rite Aid and CVS , which have national
policies that adhere to the contraception - access requirement of the six
aforementioned states , must draft elaborate plans by which to protect
their pharmacists ’ idiosyncrasies .
Sometimes , those quirks mean losing
business .
Take Rite Aid ’s policy , which outlines a three - step plan by
which a pharmacist can avoid personally filling your birth control
prescription : 1 ) Have another technician fill the prescription ; 2 ) if
there is no other technician on hand , contact the closest Rite Aid to
dispense the medication , then have the prescription delivered back to
the customer ’s preferred Rite Aid location ; 3 ) if no other local Rite
Aid pharmacist will consent to dispensing birth control , locate the
nearest competitor that will fill the customer ’s need , then follow
through until that need is met .
They do n’t trust you – or your doctor .
Cathedral
Pharmacy owner Paul Beringer , a Catholic , will not provide the
morning - after pill .
" I consider it abortion , " he says .
Non-emergency
contraception is dispensed on a case - by - case basis – meaning that the
pharmacist can nullify the decision of your medical doctor because he
thinks a prescription might be faked , is uncomfortable dispensing
contraception to women under the age of 18 , or otherwise wishes to
impose his " personal views " on your body .
They fear your vagina .
Target Pharmacy provides
prescription birth control as well as the morning - after pill .
Other
women ’s health products , however , are n’t available even with a doctor ’s
signature .
Parker , 27 , who declined to give her full name , came to the pharmacy
straight from work with a prescription from her gynecologist ’s office .
It was 5:30 p.m. and raining , and she needed to fill the prescription
that evening in order to prep for a procedure scheduled for the next
morning .
But Target ’s pharmacist refused to fill the prescription because the
doctor instructed that the pill was to be inserted vaginally .
Parker ’s
doctor had prescribed her Cytotec , an FDA - approved treatment for
ulcers .
The medication is also routinely prescribed off - label to dilate
the cervix to induce labor in pregnant women , or , in Parker ’s case , to
aid in the insertion of an IUD .
Parker – who was n’t pregnant – learned
later that the medication can also be used to induce abortion .
The pharmacist , who did not give her name , says she rebuffed
Parker ’s prescription because she disagreed with the doctor ’s
insistence on vaginal insertion .
" That ’s not how it ’s supposed to be
prescribed , " she says .
" It ’s supposed to be taken orally . "
The pharmacist says she tried to call Parker ’s doctor ’s office but
was n’t able to reach anyone at the late hour .
Parker says the
pharmacist never picked up the phone while she was there and that she
had to beg her to consult her doctor before she got an explanation – that
the office would be closed and there was nothing she could do .
Parker left the pharmacy in tears .
" I got a little hysterical , " she
says .
" I could n’t believe that this pharmacist , who has less training
than my doctor , would deny me this medication that I needed , because it
was specified that it went in the vagina ? "
After asking for the name of a supervisor , Parker took solace in
Columbia Heights ’ other chain pharmacy .
Still red-eyed , she crossed the
street to the CVS .
There , " a very nice , flirtatious Latino man filled
my prescription , no questions asked . "
Written by an anonymous friend who also senses the arrival of the long night of networked tyranny :
" Today is the final day of 2018 .
As years go , it was adequate to its purpose , which was delivering us in one complete orbit about the Sun .
Enough with retrospectives : let us understand what is coming in 2019 .
The coming year will be an exceptionally difficult one for the republic , perhaps even uniquely so .
Two major streams of events will at their confluence yield extraordinary outcomes : the advent of the 2020 Presidential - campaign cycle , and the nearly inevitable impeachment of the President by the now - incoming Democratic House .
( Impeachment by the House will likely succeed , conviction - and - removal by the Senate will likely fail . )
The mechanisms of it all will yield imperatives for maximal behavior by all parties .
It will become impossible to compromise without communicating fatal weakness to the other side , impossible to retreat without being immolated by your own .
Imagine , if you will , the momentary hysteria of the Kavanaugh nomination — momentary because its principal perpetrators did not actually believe their own proximate case — revived and extended into a permanent state , with a real sense of existential threat animating all participants .
That is our probable 2019 .
This does n’t stay inside the Beltway .
This means heightened ideological conflict as a permanent feature of ordinary American life .
We have n’t seen much of this before — the strife of the 1960s and 1970s being fairly localized in many ways , and that of the 1860s being mostly regionalized — with one major exception .
That exception is the American Revolution itself , when neighbors really did turn upon one another in the name of political theory in a process more brutal and merciless than popular memory recalls .
Even that , though , is not wholly the template for now , because there does not seem to be much by way of partisans for liberty in 2019 .
More apt , probably , is the example of France with its own tradition of ideological self - terrorization , devoid of any good guys , whether in 1792 - 1794 , 1870 - 1871 , or 1958 - 1962 .
In our lifetimes , the single most significant threat to the life , liberty , and property of the average American citizen has always been the federal government .
The danger in 2019 is that a consequence of that federal government ’s crescendoing dysfunction will be the replacement of that most significant threat with one far more grave , far more vicious , and far more relentless : our own neighbors .
The perfected expression of democratic society is , after all , Twitter .
This is the probable 2019 and you should prepare for it .
In times past one avenue of preparation and protection was withdrawal .
That avenue is closed .
There is no retreat , no refuge in federalism or community ; no “ Benedict option . ”
We have made our public square inescapable and pervasive — we even have electronic 大字报 , although we generally lack the wit or perspective to grasp what that implies .
Preparation therefore is n’t the seeking of the safe harbor .
Nor is it the girding for combat and surrender to the awful machinery of mass democracy at its lowest point .
Let the fanatics do that : there is no victory in their game .
The only preparation that matters is in conducting yourself and your family as if it were another era entirely .
You can not change what 2019 will probably be .
You can , though , be an example in memory and history when the time comes to rebuild . "
Sincerely ,
John Robb
I spent a good part of the last year writing about the arrival of the long night over at the Global Guerrillas report .
The war for the future is already here and you have been drafted .
I ’m happy to tell you that the on - line help system for the OCaml toplevel has just been committed to our new git repository .
So what does this mean ?
Let ’s take a look at a sample session :
$ rlwrap ocamlfind batteries / ocaml Objective Caml version 3.10.2
---------------------------------------------- | | |
This is OCaml , Batteries Included .
| | | | | |
If you need help , type ' # help ; ; ' | | |
----------------------------------------------
Camlp4 Parsing version 3.10.2
We can type “ #help “ ?
Well , that ’s new .
Let ’s type “ #help ; ; “ .
# #help ; ; Welcome to OCaml , Batteries Included .
You are currently using the Toplevel of OCaml .
You can think of it as a powerful graphics calculator , or as a command - line comparable to that of your operating system .
It is also a nice way of learning OCaml and of testing your algorithms and programs .
Notice character ' # ' , at the start of some lines ?
That 's called the " prompt " , it means that the Toplevel is waiting for your orders .
Orders can take the form of value definitions , type definitions , evaluations or directives .
Value definitions let you teach OCaml new tricks .
Type definitions let you teach OCaml how to understand new kinds of values informations and how to check that you 're not making mistakes when using your definitions .
Evaluations let you actually do something with your definitions , such as computing the result of your algorithm , but also doing more complex things such as opening applications , modifying files , or even creating websites .
Any program is composed of value definitions , type definitions and evaluations .
Finally , directives are not part of any program .
They just let you interact with the Toplevel , for instance by loading other programs , reading the documentation , asking the Toplevel for information on existing programs , etc .
Directives are easy to spot , they also start with character ' # ' .
So , when you wrote " #help ; ; " , that was a directive .
At this point , you may be interested in the following directives : #quit ; ; (* Use this to quit OCaml . *) #use " some_file.ml " ; ; (* Use this to load another program . *) #require " some_package " ; ; ( * Use this to load a library installed on your computer .
*) #help ; ; ( * Well , you just used that one . *) #man " some subject " ; ; ( * Read the manual on some subject . *)
Oh , do n't forget : each order you give to the Toplevel should end with " ; ; " .
That 's how the Toplevel understands that you 're done writing .
Otherwise , no matter how much you write , the Toplevel assumes that you still intend to write more .
If you are new to programming , now is time to write #man " the tutorial " ; ;
If you already know some other programming language , you should probably write #man " for programmers " ; ;
Let ’s take a look at this tutorial .
# #man " the tutorial " ; ; Opening help on language construction " the tutorial " ( OCaml Batteries Included )
My web browser opens the tutorial at http://www.cs.jhu.edu/~scott/pl/lectures/caml-intro.html .
# #man " print_endline " ; ; Opening help on value " print_endline " ( OCaml Batteries Included )
My web browser now displays the ocamldoc - generated help of Pervasives .
print_endline .
# #man " input " ; ; Several definitions exist for " input " .
This item exists as a method .
For more information on " input " as a method , you may use # man_method " input " ; ; Item " input " also exists as a type .
For more information on " input " as a type , you may use # man_type " input " ; ; Item " input " also exists as a value , with several possibilities .
For more information on " input " as a value , you may use #man_value " Util.Digest.input " ; ; #man_value " System. IO.input " ; ; #man_value " Standard.input " ; ; #man_value " Meta.Marshal.input " ; ;
etc .
Nice , is n’t it ?
We hope that this feature , together with the extended documentation provided with OCaml Batteries Included will prove useful for beginners and veterans alike .
Appeal for information : Police search for Alec Unsgaard Published on 28 September 2020
The University is doing everything possible to assist police in their search , and asks anyone with information to contact the police urgently .
Docs : US relied on faulty assurance before shipping prisoners to countries with history of torture Nick Juliano
Published : Wednesday November 19 , 2008
Print This Email This Hundreds of pages of documents released this week show the US government relied on dubious assurances before shipping detainees to countries with a history of torture .
The documents reveal for the first time the contents of a " diplomatic assurance " exchanged between the US and a foreign government .
Such assurances are issued when the US is asked to extradite an individual charged with a crime to a country that has a history of torturing prisoners .
The requesting country essentially promises that it will not torture the extradited individual .
The American Civil Liberties Union , which obtained the documents , says such promises are unreliable , and the US 's reliance on them raises questions about the government 's commitment to an international treaty against torture .
 The United States ' practice of relying on deeply flawed diplomatic assurances makes a mockery of our obligations under the Convention Against Torture ,  Judy Rabinovitz , Deputy Director of the ACLU Immigrants ' Rights Project .
 Now that President - elect Obama has pledged to end torture , it is a perfect time to put a stop to policies that permit the transfer of individuals facing torture in foreign countries .
Our government should stop trusting such inherently unreliable assurances and immediately disclose all remaining records relating to this practice . 
The ACLU 's cache of documents deal primarily with the extradition of Kulbir Singh Barapind to his native India .
A Sikh separatist , Barapind protested his extradition , worrying that he would be tortured .
In a three - page note ( .pdf ) , the Government of India promised not to torture him .
Rabinovitz , in an interview with RAW STORY , said the assurances could not be trusted coming from countries that have a history of abusing prisoners .
While Barapind evidently was not tortured upon his return to India , other prisoners who have been removed from the US to countries like Egypt and Syria have experienced torture , the ACLU says .
The bottom line is that a simply memo exchanged between embassies cannot guarantee that human rights standards will be upheld .
" We think it 's impossible to provide that level [ of assurance ] when you have a country with a history of torture , " Rabinovitz said .
The State Department acknowledged that other Sikh separatists had suffered torture in India in the past , but in a lengthy memo justifying the rendition , the government relied on more than just the diplomatic assurance , including evidence that India 's government had sought to rectify it 's previous torture practices and the presence of human rights organizations in the countries .
Nonetheless , a State Department official acknowledged that " torture generally remains a problem for Indian law enforcement . "
The documents related to the Indian rendition are perhaps the most mild example of the US relying on such assurances before sending people back to their home countries .
The ACLU is currently fighting the government in court over the attempted dismissal of an Egyptian citizen who fears he will be tortured if he is deported .
A lower court already ruled in favor of Sameh Khouzam , but the government has appealed the decision .
The US hopes to rely on a similar diplomatic assurance from the Egyptian government that Khouzam will not be tortured , but it has not let Khouzam or the judge in the case review the document .
The government has never released the contents of a diplomatic assurance until this week .
Rabinovitz said that lack of review prevented human rights advocates from learning just how little assurance the documents actually provide .
" Even just in these [ new documents ] we 've learned more than we 've seen before , " she said .
" They 're very sparse .
...
They do n't say much . "
“ To all of us , it was a campaign to get rid of him as a trooper and , at the very least , to smear the guy and give him a desk job somewhere , ” said Kim Peterson , Mr. Monegan ’s special assistant , who like several other aides spoke publicly about the matter for the first time .
Ms. Peterson , a 31 - year veteran of state government who retired 10 days before Mr. Monegan ’s firing , said she received about a dozen calls herself .
“ It was very clear that someone from the governor ’s office wanted him watched , ” she said .
Nor did that interest end with Mr. Monegan , the examination shows .
His successor , Chuck Kopp , recalled that in an exploratory phone call and then a job interview , Ms. Palin ’s aides mentioned the governor ’s concerns about Trooper Wooten .
None of the 280 other troopers were discussed , Mr. Kopp said .
Personnel Politics
Immediately after Mr. Monegan ’s firing , Ms. Palin said her intent was to change the department ’s direction .
( She declined to be interviewed for this article . )
She has since offered a variety of explanations for his ouster , most recently accusing him of insubordination and opposing her fiscal reforms .
As evidence , she has contended , among other things , that Mr. Monegan arranged two unauthorized lobbying trips to Washington .
But according to interviews and records obtained by The New York Times , the governor ’s office authorized both trips .
As for Trooper Wooten , Ms. Palin has said she and others were simply lodging legitimate complaints to the appropriate authorities about a trooper with a disciplinary record who was a danger to her family and to the public .
In one instance , she said he made a death threat against her father in 2005 , an accusation that the trooper has denied .
Image Walt Monegan , center , the former public safety commissioner , and his special assistant , Kim Peterson , both said they received phone calls from Todd Palin , right , about Mr. Wootens behavior .
Credit ... Left : Michael Penn for The New York Times ; center and right : Al Grillo / AP
Ms. Palin initially said she welcomed an investigation into Mr. Monegan ’s ouster .
But she has since declined to cooperate with the bipartisan inquiry , which Senator John McCain ’s presidential campaign says has been “ hijacked ” by Democratic lawmakers .
Ms. Palin has pledged to cooperate with a separate inquiry , by the state ’s Personnel Board .
Maybe .
But not in the way you were thinking .
Many people believe that a violin ’s tone gets better with age .
This is subjective of course , however there is a fairly large consensus when it comes to this .
There are a few reasons why the age of the instrument could affect it ’s tone :
Evolution
Players change various components and properties , such as the size and style of bridge , the type of string and other things .
In each case , the player is likely to reverse the change unless it is perceived to improve the instrument .
Thus a played violin might gradually ‘ evolve ’ towards a preferred region in its possible parameter space .
There may also be some Darwinian influence : instruments that are unsatisfactory and that cannot be thus improved will usually have a lower market value and be played by less experienced players and may disappear .
Good - sounding ones will be taken care of , saved , and handed down – therefore only the good sounding ones survive .
Mechanical Changes
Mechanical properties change with age or with exposure to different environments .
For example , woods used in string instruments often have a high ratio of elastic modulus to density , and drying of wood over time would lower the density .
That being said , there is no reason to expect that age - related changes would necessarily improve an instrument .
Playing - related changes
Violin parts undergo considerable mechanical vibration during playing .
One could imagine that this might alter the intrinsic mechanical properties of the instrument , plus the older the instrument the more it has likely been played .
Many people beleive that this vibration “ settles ’ or ‘ aligns ’ the wood or other parts .
While this is possible , again there is no reason the assume that this will actually improve the sound .
Phychology
Older instruments are cherished and handed down from generation to generation .
It is conceivable that the difference in tone is simply imagined as part of a musical placebo effect due to expectations or emotional attachments to older instruments .
This concept is the source of endless debate in vintage instrument circles .
Of course in the final analysis it is extremely difficult to study the effect that age has on an instrument as time is notoriously difficult to control as a variable , particularly in the decreasing direction .
For this reason there are few actual scientific studies ( PDF file ) that have offered some real conclusions .
Despite this , artificially ageing violins and other instruments is pretty big business .
Some companies use silicon to deal with water content issues , some use wood that is already old , and some even artificially vibrate the wood .
Well , A Swiss researcher claims that he has developed a way of recreating the unique sound of an aged Stradivarius violin by treating the wood of a new violin with a type of mushroom .
Francis Schwarze is a researcher with the Federal Materials , Science and Technology Institute of Zurich , and he has made a replica of a 1698 violin by Antonio Stradivari .
He presented the violin at the Swiss Innovation Forum in Basel .
The mushrooms that he used were Xylaria longpipes which grow on the bark of some trees .
Schwarze claims that the mushrooms eat away at the maple in his replica , which results in a reduction of the density of the wood and thus recreating the sound of the 1698 Stradivarius .
Noted violin maker Michael Rhonheimer has listened to the replica and the original and agrees that the process has made an audible improvement , but stopped short of declaring that they sound exactly the same .
10th Anniversary LIMITED EDITIONS ( 250 )
Red : Battle of Waterloo
Black : English Civil War
Material : Plastic
Size : approx 45 cm diametre , 12 cm height ( 18 "d x 5 " h )
War bowl is made by melting historically accurate plastic soldiers from past battles .
To mark the 10th anniversary of the War Bowl two new versions have been created .
The red Battle of Waterloo bowl is made with melted British Artillery and French Infantry figures .
The black English Civil War bowl uses Royalists and Republican figures .
Since it 's launch in 2002 , War Bowl by Dominic Wilcox has been exhibited and sold in the world 's most renowned galleries and shops such as The Pompidou Centre in Paris and the Design Museum , London .
The War Bowl is hand made by Dominic Wilcox in small numbers , each bowl is stamped on the base by Dominic Wilcox with date .
Each bowl is unique due to it's hand made nature and comes with a loose set of the soldiers that were used in it 's creation .
Earlier this year , the producer of George A. Romero's Dawn of the Dead filed suit against Capcom , claiming the zombies - in - a - mall action game Dead Rising ripped off the classic 1979 horror film .
However , once the complaint got before a judge , the producer 's case fell apart like the rotting , fleshy husks at the still - beating heart of the dispute .
Last month , United States Magistrate Judge Richard Seeborg granted Capcom 's motion to dismiss the suit , saying that The MKR Group ( the producer 's company ) " has not identified any similarity between Dead Rising and any protected element of Dawn of the Dead .
Rather , the few similarities MKR has alleged are driven by the wholly unprotectable concept of humans battling zombies in a mall during a zombie outbreak . "
According to the judge 's decision , The MKR Group listed the following principal similarities between Dawn of the Dead and Dead Rising :
-- Both works are set in a bi-level shopping mall .
-- The mall has a gun shop , in which action takes place .
-- The mall is located in a rural area with the National Guard patrolling its environs .
-- Both works are set in motion by a helicopter that takes the lead characters to a mall besieged by zombies .
-- Many of the zombies wear plaid shirts .
-- Both works feature a subtext critique of sensationalistic journalism through their use of tough , cynical journalists with short brown hair and leather jackets as a lead male character .
-- Both works feature the creative use of items such as propane tanks , chainsaws , and vehicles to kill zombies .
-- Both works are a parody of rampant consumerism .
-- Both works use music in the mall for comedic effect .
-- Dead Rising 's use of the word " hell " references the tagline for Dawn of the Dead 's release ( " When there 's no more room in hell , the dead will walk the earth . " ) .
While the judge determined that a review of the movie and the video game revealed " profound differences , " he did n't side with Capcom on every issue .
Dozens of zombie movies and games the publisher introduced as exhibits to establish genre conventions were thrown out because Capcom submitted them with synopses pulled from the user - editable Wikipedia .
And when the judge did agree with Capcom , it was n't always in a complimentary way .
Specifically , in stating that Dead Rising did n't crib the anticonsumerism theme of Dawn of the Dead , Judge Seeborg found the zombie game devoid of any social commentary at all .
" To the extent that Dead Rising may be deemed to posses a theme , " Seeborg wrote , " it is confined to the killing of zombies in the process of attempting to unlock the cause of the zombie infestation .
The social commentary MKR draws from Dawn of the Dead , in other words , appears totally absent from the combat focus found in Dead Rising . "
When the Moors migrated en masse into Spain , they neither established a perfect clone of an Arabian caliphate nor constructed a conventional Christian kingdom .
Instead , over a period of centuries , they created al - Andalus , a Muslim society that made some civilized allowances for the Europeans who had preceded them there .
By the time of the Reconquista 800 years later , the Spain that had once been was no more .
Today , the English who languish under Scottish rule in the United Kingdom are horrified by the changes that have been taking place since 2003 in the Oxford Junior Dictionary .
This 10,000 word dictionary , published by Oxford University Press , is primarily intended for the use of UK schoolchildren , increasing numbers of whom are not English .
Words which have been removed from the dictionary include Christmas terms such as " carol , cracker , holly , ivy , mistletoe , " fantasy words like " dwarf , elf , goblin , " words related to Christianity such as " altar , bishop , chapel , disciple , minister , monastery , monk , nun , psalm , saint , sin , devil , " and even such classically English animals as " magpie , piglet , starling , weasel , wren . "
It will probably come as little surprise to learn that the head of children 's dictionaries at Oxford University Press responsible for overseeing such changes glories in the proud Anglo - Saxon name of Vineeta Gupta .
Gupta declares :
When you look back at older versions of dictionaries , there were lots of examples of flowers for instance .
That was because many children lived in semi-rural environments and saw the seasons .
Nowadays , the environment has changed .
We are also much more multicultural .
People do n't go to Church as often as before .
Our understanding of religion is within multiculturalism , which is why some words such as " Pentecost " or " Whitsun " would have been in 20 years ago but not now .
Her claims might be a bit more convincing if " Whitsun " were on the same level of common usage as " psalm , " " saint , " " sin , " or " devil . "
And it would be very interesting to hear Ms Gupta explain how " dwarf , " " elf , " and " goblin " are no longer relevant in the land of J.R.R. Tolkein and C.S. Lewis , especially considering how their works are still being profitably mined by publishers and Hollywood producers alike .
TRENDING : With only days to go until debate , Pelosi gives Biden an out : ' Why bother ? '
Wealthy , technologically advanced , self - satisfied and flattered into complacency by the way in which people from other cultures have readily aped Western customs after being introduced to them , the societies of the West have long assumed that their traditions possessed magically transitive qualities .
But , as Ms Gupta is demonstrating to those who were foolish enough to allow her ancestors from the Indian subcontinent to come live among them , it is not .
In Minnesota , 100,000 Somalis now live amidst the German and Scandinavian Lutherans that bravely , and perhaps unwisely , chose to settle the land of Ten Thousand Mosquito Factories .
Last week , one of those Somalis , Shirwa Ahmed , was buried in Burnsville , his remains having been returned from Somalia subsequent to his murder of 29 people in a suicide bombing there .
He was described by the media as " a Minnesotan and a naturalized U.S. citizen . "
The truth is that he was neither , and to pretend otherwise is to accept the legal fiction that national and cultural identity are nothing more than paper .
An official document stating that the color of one 's eyes are blue does not suffice make them blue when they are observably brown , and Shirwa Ahmed was no more Minnesotan than Vineeta Gupta is English .
A genuine Minnesotan might consider digging up the frozen tundra of Lambeau Field , ( actually , a proper porphyrogenite would be much more keen to blow up the wretched Hump and see the Vikes playing outside in the snow again where they belong ) , but the thought of attempting to kill large quantities of people in Somalia would simply never enter his mind .
Whenever anyone points out the undeniable fact that multiculturalism is a cancer slowly killing Western culture , it is customary for left liberals to angrily demand to know why that individual hates people from other cultures .
But one need not hate anyone to prefer the continued existence of one 's culture and society .
A much more relevant question should be directed at the proponents of multiculturalism and immigration :
Why do you hate Western society so much that you wish to see it destroyed ?
As the news of Bernard Madoff ’s colossal fraud focused on America ’s most “ important ” Jewish tycoons and moguls , it was only a matter of hours before the story was spun around their victimhood with the usual cudgels of “ anti-Semitism ” and the Holocaust .
In Israel , columnist Bradley Burston spun the story best by declaring , “ The anti-Semite ’s new Santa is Bernard Madoff . …
The Aryan Nation at its most delusional could n’t have come up with anything to rival this . ”
As the list of Madoff ’s “ victims ” grows , their common characteristic is not philanthropy , but rather political Zionism .
Virtually all have worked to build a Jewish state with little regard , and often downright hatred , for the non-Jewish population living there .
The money from this type of mogul or “ ganzer macher ” has been used to dehumanize and depopulate non-Jews in Palestine for over 120 years .
But in spite of creating a strong Israeli economy based on guns , diamonds , and security services and in spite of walling Arabs in Bantustans in the West Bank and in the KZ lager known as Gaza , they have failed .
Non -Jews outnumber Jews within the borders controlled by Israel , which makes a mockery out of calling it a Jewish state .
Schadenfreude is defined to be largely unanticipated delight in the suffering of another which is recognized as well deserved .
Political Zionism deserves scorn and derision ; it is racist and antithetical to what Americans profess to hold self - evident : that all men and women are created equal and that we should share equal rights of citizenship .
When rich Zionists lose a piece of their portfolios , especially to the guile of one of their own , it is a delight .
The press was first to report Madoff ’s pilfering of the Robert Lappin “ Charitable ” Foundation , an organization whose “ mission is helping to keep our children Jewish , thus reversing the trend of assimilation and intermarriage . ”
If the reader has trouble seeing the blatant racism here , substitute “ White ” for “ Jewish ” and imagine it was the stated goal of the David Duke Charitable Foundation .
While Mr. Burston found Madoff ’s bilking of “ fellow Jews , even Holocaust survivors ” particularly outrageous , there are those who find divine justice in seeing one fraud defraud another .
Elie Wiesel and his Foundation for Humanity would certainly qualify .
Here is a man who has made millions peddling his narrative on the deaths of Jews in World War II ; his novel , Night , is mandatory reading for most high school students ; questioning it in any way invites charges of “ anti-Semitism ” and “ Holocaust Denial . ”
He has been feted by Presidents and holds dozens of honorary degrees .
If there were a CEO of the Holocaust Industry ( a term coined by Norman Finkelstein ) , surely it would be The Great Weasel .
Wiesel ’s Foundation claims to combat indifference , intolerance and injustice through programs to promote acceptance , understanding , and equality .
Yet he remains persistently indifferent to over 60 years of suffering of the Palestinian people and treats them with silence or as the “ untermenschen ” his people once were under the Nazis .
Wiesel boasts of having worked for the terrorists of the Jewish Irgun , not as a fighter but as a journalist , and he steadfastly refuses to apologize for the massacre by his employer at Deir Yassin .
As a devout Zionist there is no way he can endorse one state in Israel / Palestine with equal rights of citizenship for all .
Other victims of Madoff ’s deception , like the Shapiro Family Foundation and the Chais Family Foundation , are undoubtedly genuinely philanthropic and well - meaning .
But insofar as their gifts support Jews - only education , medicine , and social programs in Israel , they deserve the derision that would be accorded to Aryan philanthropists or others who support a racist state , one whose very laws favor one chosen group over all the rest .
Madoff ’s clients were not just generous Jews ; they were Jews who directly or indirectly support the racism inherent in political Zionism .
They support the assimilation of Ethiopian Jews ( a noble enterprise ) , but reject the assimilation of Israeli Arabs and the Palestinians caged in West Bank and Gaza .
They support “ birthright ” trips for young American Jews in hopes they will settle in Israel , but not the “ Birthright Unplugged ” educational trips of Hannah Mermelstein or the work of Jeff Halper ’s Israeli Committee Against Home Demolitions .
Madoff ’s wealthy victims build ever more Holocaust memorials with the message “ Never Forget ” but ignore the current siege and starvation of Gaza to which they contribute financially and by their silence .
Like The Great Weasel , they simply dismiss the analogy as “ unworthy . ”
Where is the Spielberg movie of the Gaza ghetto that isolates three times as many people as the Warsaw Ghetto and in worse conditions ?
Where is the support for Righteous Jews like former Princeton University law professor Richard Falk , who calls what Israel is doing to the 1.5 million Palestinians in Gaza “ a crime against humanity ? ”
Falk has condemned the collective punishment of the Palestinians in Gaza as “ a flagrant and massive violation of international humanitarian law as laid down in Article 33 of the Fourth Geneva Convention . ”
Cast in terms of their impact on the struggle for Palestinian human rights , it is difficult not to plead guilty to schadenfreude caused by the greed of Bernard Madoff .
In fact , my only regret is that Edgar Bronfman and Alan Dershowitz were not among his preferred clients .
After quite a while since the rumors first started appearing , Electronic Arts announced that it was indeed working on a videogame called Dante ’s Inferno based on the epic poem The Divine Comedy , written sometime in the XIV century by the renowned poet Dante Alighieri .
Only the first part of the work , in which Hell and its inhabitants are described , will be used for the Electronic Arts made videogame .
At the moment , Electronic Arts is not saying the period the game could be launched or on what platforms it might run , but it ’s a safe bet to presume that the game will be released for the Xbox 360 , the PlayStation 3 and the PC , if not also for the Nintendo Wii .
EA Redwoord Shores , the development studio that delivered the space shooter Dead Space this year , will be handling development duties on Dante ’s Inferno .
Electronic
Arts said that the game would be a third person action adventure title , but revealed nothing related to the way gameplay would work or to the goals of the main character .
It seems that the nine circles of Hell , which are presented in great detail in The Divine Comedy , will be re-created in the game .
A trailer has been showed , apparently using pictures not taken from the game engine .
It shows a character armored like a Medieval knight who uses a scythe to assault the denizens of Hell .
Jonathan Knight , who is the executive producer for Dante ’s Inferno , stated that “ The time is right for the world of interactive entertainment to adapt this literary masterpiece , and to re-introduce Dante to an audience that , until now , may have been unfamiliar with the remarkable details of this great work of art .
It ’s the perfect opportunity to fuse great gameplay with great story ” .
These images of kids playing video games were created by Robbie Cooper , a British photographer who employed a Red camera — a very - high - resolution video camera — and then took stills from the footage .
Cooper , who says he was inspired by the camera technique that Errol Morris used to interview people in his documentaries , arranged his equipment so that the players were actually looking at a reflection of the game on a small pane of glass .
He placed the camera behind the reflection so that it could look directly into their faces as they played .
Cooper and his collaborators , Andrew Wiggins and Charly Smith , videotaped children in England and in New York .
Cooper , who grew up in Britain and Kenya and played a lot of video games as a child , says he tries to capture “ people interacting with worlds that are n’t real . ”
In his last major project , which was published in the magazine in 2007 , he photographed participants in Internet - based games with their virtual - world avatars .
Cooper is particularly struck by the intensity of people ’s experiences while interacting with digital realms .
Drew Hugh , shown above , stares so intently at the screen that he does n’t blink , and his eyes quickly fill with tears , according to his mother .
Cooper says , “ It ’s fascinating that a world that ’s purely visual can have a physical effect . ”
Statistics are vital for the proper analysis of any game .
Understanding and tracking these contribute towards successful hockey game outcome predictions .
It 's exactly the same when you play casino games .
At www.casino.org we have listed the best online casinos based on great payouts and solid bonuses to help you have a successful outcome too .
While many consider hockey to be a physical sport it actually has a strong mental side , much like chess or poker , and you 'd actually be able to put your hockey skills to good use when playing the best texas hold 'em games on pokersites.com .
Never forget that a big part of success in hockey , as well as online card games , comes from watching your opponents , discovering their game plan and analyzing their statistics to find their weaknesses .
Also a poker addict ?
Play Canada 's poker site and start to win money !
Fellow hockey enthusiast Trevor Hallsey runs a very nice website about sports and gaming in Canada , touching on everything from probabilities and game theory to legality and eCheck betting
On September 11 , 2001 , the normally flat line of the boxes began to peak , warning of an event of terrible proportions a full 4 hours before the first plane hit the World Trade Center !
Could the collective human mind have “ known ” what was going to happen ?…
I am a skeptic .
I do n’t believe in fortune tellers or psychics .
I certainly doubted that I could forsee the future .
But , as I did the research for this article , I discovered that I was wrong .
Everyone can see into the future and we do it all the time .
Ooop !
That was n’t supposed to happen
Our journey starts with an experiment conducted in 1976 .
Dr. Kornhuber asked a number of volunteers to be wired with EEG electrodes to measure their brain activity .
He then asked the volunteers to flex the index finger of their right hand , suddenly and at various times of their own choosing .
He wanted to measure how fast it took for the mental decision to move the finger to actually make the finger move .
His results were not what he expected .
Kornhuber expected to find a sharp peak in electrical activity when the decision was consciously made , at which point he would begin timing the trials .
However , what he found is remarkable , namely that there is a gradual build - up of recorded electric potential for a full second , or perhaps even up to a second and a half , before the finger is actually flexed .
This seems to indicate that the conscious decision process takes over a second in order to act !
Even more surprising was that the volunteers were not aware of this delay and believed they were acting spontaneously and instantly .
So what happened ?
Did the brain somehow “ know ” that the decision would be made in the future and begin planning the action ?
The experiment received little attention until another experiment conducted by Dr. Libet in 1979 raised questions about our conscious perception of time and the idea of “ now . ”
Everything “ now ” happened already !
Libet tested subjects who had to have brain surgery for some reason unconnected with the experiment and who consented to having electrodes placed at points in the brain , in the somatosensory cortex .
He monitored the electrical activity while stimulating their skin .
To his amazement it took about a half - second before the subjects were able to perceive the stimulation .
Further experiments showed that this same delay — about a half second — was needed for all sensory input to reach consciousness .
The significance of this is enormous .
Everything we know about the external world right now — the sounds , the sights , the feelings — are all being delayed .
Everything that you think is happening right now actually happened already , about half a second ago !
So how is this possible ?
How do we drive cars , catch baseballs , swat flies and write or draw if it ’s all delayed ?
Well , the obvious answer is that we have adapted the ability to compensate for the delay by projecting our behavior into the future , which is really “ now . ”
Confusing ?
Wait …
It gets even better .
Five Seconds In The Future
Marilyn Schlitz connected volunteers to a series of monitors , similar to a lie detector , to measure their heartbeat , perspiration and other nervous activity .
She then had them sit in front of a computer screen and began showing them a series of images which were selected at random by the computer from a large collection .
These images were described as either “ neutral ” ( boring ) or “ emotional ” ( erotic or morbid ) .
As expected , the subjects showed physical and mental excitement when the “ emotional ” images were shown and showed less reaction to the “ neutral ” images .
But as the experiment continued , something weird happened .
Researchers began to see that most people , unconsciously , began to react to the “ emotional ” images a full 5 seconds before they were selected by the computer program !
What ’s more , they did not react to the “ neutral ” images .
This result was statstically significant ( p=0.00003 ) and has been repeated many times .
It strongly suggests hat subjects can perceive the future .
Another study , described in the Journal of Alternative and Complementary Medicine , was reported by psychophysiologist Rollin McCraty and his colleagues from the Institute of Heartmath in Boulder Creek , California .
McCraty ’s group simultaneously measured skin conductance , heart rate , and brainwave activity before , during , and after 26 participants viewed emotional and calm pictures .
They found that both the heart ( p “ Our findings suggest that intuitive perception is not a discrete function produced by a single part or system of the body alone .
Rather , it appears that intuition may in fact be a system - wide process involving at least the heart and brain , together , in the processing and decoding of intuitive information . ”
They highlighted that “ the fact that the heart is involved in the perception of a future external event is a surprising , even astounding result , especially from the classical perspective that assigns the brain an exclusive role [ for perception ] . ”
How do you feel ?
Here are eight pictures , some neutral and some emotional .
Before you view each image , try to sense how you feel .
Is the picture neutral or emotional ?
This is n’t a real test but it will give you an idea how the actual experiment worked and felt .
Future global consciousness
Five seconds is n’t a long time to see into the future .
It does n’t allow you to pick tomorrow ’s lottery number or predict the headline .
But there is strong evidence that this ability to see future events may extend for several hours .
Dr. Roger Jahn from Princeton University developed a small computer ( the Random Event Generator or “ black box ” ) that generated random numbers .
The numbers were converted to either “ 1 ” or “ 0 ” and were recorded over various time intervals .
The device was similar to flipping a coin and resulted in an equal number of “ 1s ” and “ 0s . ”
The pattern of ones and noughts — ‘ heads ’ and ‘ tails ’ as it were — could then be printed out as a graph .
The laws of chance dictate that the generators should churn out equal numbers of ones and zeros — which would be represented by a nearly flat line on the graph .
Any deviation from this equal number shows up as a gently rising curve .
During the late 1970s , Jahn decided to investigate whether the power of human thought alone could interfere in some way with the machine ’s usual readings .
He hauled strangers off the street and asked them to concentrate their minds on his number generator .
In effect , he was asking them to try to make it flip more heads than tails .
It was a preposterous idea at the time .
The results , however , were stunning and have never been satisfactorily explained .
Dr Nelson , also working at Princeton University , then extended Prof Jahn ’s work by taking random number machines to group meditations , which were very popular in America at the time .
Again , the results were eyepopping .
The groups were collectively able to cause dramatic shifts in the patterns of numbers .
From then on , Dr Nelson was hooked .
Using the internet , he connected up 60 random event generators from all over the world to his laboratory computer in Princeton .
These ran constantly , day in day out , generating millions of different pieces of data .
Most of the time , the resulting graph on his computer looked more or less like a flat line .
But then on September 6 , 1997 , something quite extraordinary happened : the graph shot upwards , recording a sudden and massive shift in the number sequence as his machines around the world started reporting huge deviations from the norm .
The day was of historic importance for another reason , too .
It was the day when over one - billion people , from all around the globe , watched the funeral of the loved Diana , Princess of Wales at Westminister Abbey and millions participated in delivering flowers to her funeral site .
It seems that , without making a conscious effort to focus on the “ black boxes , ” the collective psyché of humanity was able to change the random pattern .
This amazing event prompted Nelson to install the “ black boxes ” in 41 different countries around the globe and wire them together over the internet so that the collective results could be instantly monitored .
And this is when he noted something even more extraordinary .
Something happened just prior to 9-11 -2001 also !
On September 11 , 2001 , the normally flat line of the boxes began to peak , warning of an event of terrible proportions a full 4 hours before the first plane hit the World Trade Center !
Could the collective human mind have “ known ” what was going to happen ?
According to the researchers :
“ One way to think of these startling correlations is to accept the possibility that the instruments have captured the reaction of a global consciousness beginning to form .
The network was built to do just that : to see whether we could gather evidence of a communal , shared mind in which we are participants even if we do n’t know it .
Groups of people , including the group that is the whole world , have a place in consciousness space , and under special circumstances they — or we — become a new presence .
Based on evidence that both individuals and groups manifest something we can tentatively call a consciousness field , we hypothesized that there could be a global consciousness capable of the same thing .
Pursuing the speculation , it would seem that the new , integrated mind is just beginning to be active , paying attention only to events that inspire strong coherence of attention and feeling .
Perhaps the best image is an infant slowly developing awareness , but already capable of strong emotions in response to the comfort of cuddling or to the discomfort of pain . ”
In the last weeks of December 2004 the various “ black boxes ” again went crazy , showing dramatic peaks while everything seemed peaceful and calm .
Just 24 hours later , an earthquake deep beneath the Indian Ocean triggered the tsunami which devastated South - East Asia , and claimed the lives of an estimated quarter of a million people .
Was this another example of “ future shock ? ”
Several other historical “ emotional ” events have been recorded by this method and continue to suggest that the effect is real , yet still unexplained .
The boxes are now monitored and studied by the Global Consciousness Project and the results and graphs for past and present are made available to the public at the website .
What ’s happening right now in the world ?
What color is this dot ?
( If for some reason the dot does n’t load , try this link : http://global-mind.org/gcpdot/)
[ The dot is updated every minute .
It ’s usually green or yellow .
If it changes to orange or red … something bad may happen ! ]
The colored dot above shows the current status indicator for the Global Consciousness Project ( GSP ) .
It ’s linked to the Global Consciousness computer .
It changes to different colors depending on the results of more than 68 “ black boxes ” or “ eggs ” ( as they are now called ) located all over the globe and sampled many times each second .
The color coding represents the level of coherence or correlation among the eggs , which is reflected in the probability of the Chisquare .
The expected level is about 50 % , and big shifts in either direction are notable .
The GCP ’s formal testing looks for increased interegg correlation , which is represented here by the warm colors , orange and red .
That means something ’s disturbing the global consciousness … possibly indicating that something bad is about to happen !
Blue starts to fade in at 90 % and above .
Green represents about 50 %
Yellow starts fading in from green at 40 % .
Orange fades in at 15 % or so .
Red is 5 % which is regarded as “ significant ” .
Bright red is 1 % , or odds of 1 in 100 .
Click on the dot for more details .
What does this mean ?
Since out nervous system is hard wired with a delay of about one half of a second , we have had to develop the ability to anticipate the future .
This function is not only beneficial but vital to our survival .
Hand - eye coordination and avoiding danger in the “ real time ” world demand that we have this ability .
It is not surprising then that this ability should extend beyond a half - second , perhaps diminishing as it extends toward the future .
It is also possible that this ability can be concentrated from a group or collection of human minds in way that we have not yet tested .
Spiritualists value collective prayer and meditation as an effective force to change nature or petition higher powers .
Until now the ability to see the future has been considered mystical or paranormal .
Now , with the recognition that this ability is innate to humanity , perhaps we can develop and refine it to make a better world and a more pleasing future for our species .
Kiefer Sutherland Gets Star on Hollywood Walk of Fame ( Photos )
became the 2,377th recipient of a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame yesterday in a Los Angeles ceremony .
The actor was accompanied by a group of guests , including his famous father
The younger Sutherland , who plays Jack Bauer on 24 , was spending his time a bit differently in December 2007 .
He was a temporary resident of the Glendale City jail where he served a 48 day sentence for a second DUI arrest .
You can check it out here .
Walk of Fame ceremony photos below .
Photos : WENN
George Mason University has just released an official statement about the Thomson Reuters lawsuit .
The press release is copied below .
The Thomson Reuters Corporation has sued the Commonwealth of Virginia over Zotero , a project based at George Mason University ’s Center for History and New Media ( CHNM ) .
A free and open - source software initiative , Zotero aims to create the world ’s best research tool and has already been adopted by hundreds of thousands of users at countless colleges and research universities .
CHNM announces that it has re-released the full functionality of Zotero 1.5 Sync Preview to its users and the open source community .
As part of its formal response to this legal action , Mason will also not renew its site license for EndNote .
As academics themselves , the creators of the Zotero project strive to serve the scholarly community and to respond to its needs in an age of digital research .
In line with that simple goal , they maintain that anything created by users of Zotero belongs to those users , and that it should be as easy as possible for Zotero users to move to and from the software as they wish , without friction .
CHNM concurs with the journal Nature , which recently editorialized about this matter : “ The virtues of interoperability and easy data - sharing among researchers are worth restating . ”
CHNM remains committed to the openness it has promoted since its founding at Mason in 1994 and to the freedoms of users of its websites and software .
Its ambitious development cycle and plans for Zotero ’s future remain unchanged .
CHNM will continue to develop and implement new research technologies in the pursuit of better ways to create and share scholarship .
CHNM greatly appreciates the many supportive comments it has received from scholars , librarians , and administrators around the globe .
Barack Obama and federal lawmakers maneuvered Wed - nesday to force Illinois Gov. Rod R. Blagojevich to step down after his arrest in a payoff scandal and prevent him from naming the president - elect ’s successor in the Senate .
Prosecutors say the governor tried to sell the Senate appointment as part of a “ corruption crime spree . ”
Obama and Democrats in the Senate called for the governor ’s resignation .
Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) and others said the Senate might block any Blagojevich appointee from taking office .
A leading contender for the seat , Rep. Jesse L. Jackson Jr. ( D - Ill. ) , said Wednesday that he would meet with prosecutors this week to share what he knew about the case .
Jackson , who denied wrongdoing , has hired a Chicago lawyer to represent him .
Advertisement
The congressman , a son of the Rev. Jesse Jackson , has been widely reported to be the man named in an FBI affidavit as “ Senate Candidate 5 , ” though he did not address the issue Wednesday .
In wiretapped conversations , the governor said allies of “ Senate Candidate 5 " had promised to raise as much as $ 1 million for him in a “ pay - to - play ” trade for the appointment , the FBI said .
“ I never sent a message or an emissary to the governor to make an offer , to plead my case or to propose a deal about a U.S. Senate seat , period , ” said Jackson , who met with Blagojevich about the Senate job Monday in Chicago .
“ I thought , mistakenly , that the process was fair , above board and on the merits . ”
Republicans , tainted by multiple scandals of their own in recent years , seized on the fresh allegations of graft in Obama ’s home state to question the reform credentials of the incoming president and his party .
“ President - elect Barack Obama ’s carefully parsed and vague statements regarding his own contact and that of his team with Gov. Rod Blagojevich are unacceptable , ” said Robert “ Mike ” Duncan , chairman of the Republican National Committee .
Advertisement
Prosecutors have not alleged improper conduct by Obama .
Court papers quote the governor complaining that even if he were to appoint an Obama favorite to the Senate seat , the president - elect and his team were “ not willing to give me anything except appreciation . ”
Blagojevich , who is free on bail , was charged Tuesday with conspiracy to commit fraud and solicitation of bribery .
Prosecutors say he tried to trade the Senate appointment and other state favors for campaign money and high - paying jobs for himself and his wife .
Chased by reporters , Blagojevich , 52 , left his home on Chicago ’s North Side on Wednesday morning and went to work as usual .
“ He ’s still the governor , ” spokeswoman Kelley Quinn said .
Quinn declined to comment about the calls for Blagojevich ’s resignation .
She said she did not know whether the governor planned to name a Senate replacement for Obama .
Advertisement
Robert Gibbs , an Obama spokesman , said the president - elect thought “ that under the current circumstances it is difficult for the governor to effectively do his job and serve the people of Illinois . ”
Obama called on state lawmakers to “ put in place a process to select a new senator that will have the trust and confidence of the people of Illinois . ”
The Legislature plans to convene Monday to pass a bill calling for a special election to fill Obama ’s Senate seat .
In theory , Blagojevich could veto the measure , and lawmakers could enact it through an override .
Lisa Madigan , the state attorney general , suggested other scenarios to block the governor from naming a senator :
The Senate could choose not to seat his appointee ; the Illinois secretary of state could refuse to certify the candidate ; or the attorney general could seek a state Supreme Court declaration that Blagojevich was unfit for office .
Advertisement
Madigan identified herself as “ Senate Candidate 2 " in the wiretapped conversations , but said she actually had no interest in the job .
Another contender , Rep. Jan Schakowsky ( D - Ill. ) , acknowledged talking to Blagojevich about the seat .
“ Probably all of it is on tape , ” she told MSNBC .
“ I thought at the time that I was a serious contender , but I realize now I probably was n’t because he never asked me for anything . ”
The charges against Blagojevich and his chief of staff , John Harris , include an attempt to shake down the Tribune Co. , which owns the Los Angeles Times and Chicago Tribune .
Advertisement
Prosecutors say the duo threatened to deny state financing for the company ’s sale of the Chicago Cubs ’ stadium , Wrigley Field , unless the Tribune fired editorial writers unfriendly to the governor .
Tribune Co. Chief Executive Sam Zell told CNBC on Wednesday that the FBI had contacted him , but he offered no details .
Chicago Tribune Editor Gerould Kern has denied that there was any corporate push to remove editorial writers .
Zell said the FBI might be looking into whether such pressure occurred .
“ As far as my knowledge is concerned , ” Zell said , “ the Tribune did not respond at all . ”
Advertisement
--
michael.finnegan@ latimes.com
joliphant@tribune.com
For some , the first sign of trouble was a Daytona Spyder .
When one of these rare early - 1970s Ferrari sports cars turns up at an auction , high - end collectors typically bid aggressively , even fiercely , to acquire it .
But at a recent sale in California , one Spyder failed to fetch the minimum bid .
In recent years , the vintage car market has soared , ...
The digg killer reddit.com has been hijacked in the last couple of days by a down - voting bot which it would appear the administrators are powerless to block .
Submit any story on any topic and within minutes it ’s down - voted by as many votes as it has received up , sending stories submitted by genuine users to the back of the line , while a steady stream of NSFW posts make it to the top .
The atheism sub -reddit also appears to be being affected .
Someone , somewhere , is either trying to figure out a way to game the algorithm , to get their own stories onto the front page , or reddit themselves have been making some changes which are n’t working according to plan .
Either way , I think this screen shot speaks for itself …
Test explores if robots can think
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
An experiment has been taking place in Berkshire to see if robots are capable of intelligent thought .
Scientists at the University of Reading tested five machines to see if they could pass themselves off as humans in text - based conversations with people .
The test was devised in 1950 by British mathematician Alan Turing , who said that if a machine was indistinguishable from a human , then it was " thinking " .
One robot , Elbot , came close on Sunday by reaching 5 % below the pass mark .
No computer has passed the test by fooling 30 % of its human interrogators
No robot has ever passed the Turing Test , which requires the robot to fool 30 % of its human interrogators .
During the experiment , five artificial conversational entities ( ACEs ) competed in a series of five - minute long , unrestricted conversational tests .
Artificial intelligence
The ACEs tried to pass themselves off as humans to the judges .
" During the tests , all of the ACEs managed to fool at least one of their human interrogators , " a University of Reading spokesman said .
The tests took place as part of the 18th Loebner Prize for artificial intelligence .
The annual competition awards prizes for the most human - like machine of those entered .
Top machines from around the world were " whittled down " to the five taking part in Sunday 's final , the university spokesman added .
Prof Kevin Warwick , who organised the tests , said : " Today 's results actually show a more complex story than a straight pass or fail by one machine .
The machines " speak " to humans using text - based conversation " Where the machines were identified correctly by the human interrogators as machines , the conversational abilities of each machine were scored at 80 % and 90 % .
" This demonstrates how close machines are getting to reaching the milestone of communicating with us in a way in which we are comfortable .
" That eventual day will herald a new phase in our relationship with machines , bringing closer the time in which robots start to play an active role in our daily lives . "
This year 's winner was Elbot , despite failing the Turing Test .
The programme 's developers were awarded a $ 3,000 ( £ 1,760 ) prize .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Motorola Inc. moved Wednesday to freeze pensions and salaries , as well as take further steps to conserve cash as plummeting demand for handsets continues to take a toll on the wireless industry .
The Schaumburg , Ill. , maker of telecommunications equipment , which is struggling to compete in both the low and high ends of the cellphone market , also said it would suspend contributions to employees ' retirement savings plans , just weeks after announcing broad cost reductions and layoffs .
The ...
Fran�ais
100 Years Ago ...
A lot of this is applicable to our grandparents , and even some of our parents .
It May Be Hard to Believe That A Scant 100 Years Ago ...
The average life expectancy in the United States was forty - seven .
Only 14 percent of the homes in the United States had a bathtub .
Only 8 percent of the homes had a telephone .
A three minute call from Denver to New York City cost eleven dollars .
There were only 8,000 cars in the US and only 144 miles of paved roads .
The maximum speed limit in most cities was ten mph .
Alabama , Mississippi , Iowa , and Tennessee were each more heavily populated than California .
With a mere 1.4 million residents , California was only the twenty - first most populous state in the Union .
The tallest structure in the world was the Eiffel Tower .
The average wage in the U.S. was twenty - two cents an hour .
The average U.S. worker made between $ 200 and $ 400 per year .
A competent accountant could expect to earn $ 2000 per year , a dentist $ 2500 per year , a veterinarian between $ 1500 and $ 4000 per year , and a mechanical engineer about $ 5000 per year .
More than 95 percent of all births in the United States took place at home .
Ninety percent of all U.S. physicians had no college education .
Instead , they attended medical schools , many of which were condemned in the press and by the government as " substandard . "
Sugar cost four cents a pound .
Eggs were fourteen cents a dozen .
Coffee cost fifteen cents a pound .
Most women only washed their hair once a month and used borax or egg yolks for shampoo .
Canada passed a law prohibiting poor people from entering the country for any reason , either as travelers or immigrants .
The five leading causes of death in the U.S. were : 1 . Pneumonia and influenza 2 . Tuberculosis 3 . Diarrhea 4 . Heart disease 5 . Stroke
The American flag had 45 stars .
Arizona , Oklahoma , New Mexico , Hawaii and Alaska had n't been admitted to the Union yet .
Drive - by - shootings , in which teenage boys galloped down the street on horses and started randomly shooting at houses , carriages , or anything else that caught their fancy , were an ongoing problem in Denver and other cities in the West .
The population of Las Vegas , Nevada was thirty .
The remote desert community was inhabited by only a handful of ranchers and their families .
Plutonium , insulin , and antibiotics had n't been discovered yet .
Scotch tape , crossword puzzles , canned beer , and iced tea had n't been invented .
There was no Mother 's Day or Father 's Day .
One in ten U.S. adults could n't read or write .
Only 6 percent of all Americans had graduated from high school .
Some medical authorities warned that professional seamstresses were apt to become sexually aroused by the steady rhythm , hour after hour , of the sewing machine 's foot pedals .
They recommended slipping bromide , which was thought to diminish sexual desire , into the woman 's drinking water .
Marijuana , heroin , and morphine were all available over the counter at corner drugstores .
According to one pharmacist , " Heroin clears the complexion , gives buoyancy to the mind , regulates the stomach and the bowels , and is , in fact , a perfect guardian of health .
Coca -Cola contained cocaine instead of caffeine .
Punch card data processing had recently been developed , and early predecessors of the modern computer were used for the first time by the government to help compile the 1900 census .
Eighteen percent of households in the United States had at least one full - time servant or domestic .
Author Unknown Discover
and Share
the Unlimited
Power of the
Gratitude Key .
Click on the
Key NOW !
Funny Pictures to Send to your Friends and Family
Send a Good Morning
Send a Wink
Send a Big Kiss
Send Mona Lisa Heart 's Clicks
Watch " The Meatrix "
Smack the Pinguin !!!
Visitor Map !
E-MAIL THIS LINK TO A FRIEND
Enter your friend 's e-mail :
( CNN ) -- President - elect Obama is on track to nominate Sen. Hillary Clinton as his secretary of state after Thanksgiving , three aides on Obama 's transition team told CNN Thursday .
Clinton senior adviser Philippe Reines repeated a statement that " any and all speculation about Cabinet or other administration appointments is for President - Elect Obama 's transition team to address . "
CNN also has learned that Obama is getting foreign policy advice from an unlikely source : Republican Brent Scowcroft , who was national security adviser in the first Bush administration .
Two sources familiar with the conversations confirm to CNN that Obama reached out to Scowcroft for phone chats even before he ran for president , and the back - and - forth has continued in recent days as the president - elect assembles his Cabinet .
Scowcroft is very close to current Defense Secretary Robert Gates , who is rumored to be in the running to stay in the Cabinet for at least an interim period at the start of the new Obama administration .
During a recent appearance on CNN's " Fareed Zakaria GPS , " Scowcroft said it would be a wise move for Obama to keep Gates in the Cabinet .
" I actually think it would send the kind of signal that I think the president - elect intends , or spoke about in his campaign , and that is that we need to work together .
We need to work as Americans , " Scowcroft said .
" And I think giving Bob Gates some more time to do the kinds of things he 's doing would be a very wise course of action . "
But a senior Obama aide told CNN not to see the conversations as a signal that Gates may keep his job .
" Do n't read anything into this -- he was an admirer [ of Scowcroft ] long before running or even needing to select " a secretary of defense , the Obama aide said .
The Obama aide said the president - elect " respects and admires Gen. Scowcroft 's bipartisan , pragmatic approach to foreign policy , " adding that Obama " looks forward to continuing the dialogue with Gen. Scowcroft -- as well as other key Republicans , Democrats and independents -- to get the very best advice . "
Scowcroft , who opposed the war in Iraq , is a fierce critic of the current Bush administration 's approach .
" I think we developed in the Republican Party a -- well , you know , the buzzword for it is " neoconism , ' " Scowcroft said on CNN earlier this month .
" But I think what it is , it 's an ideology -- it 's really an idealistic approach to things .
But it 's a combination of idealism and , if you will , brute force . "
On Thursday , former Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle told CNN that he is excited about the possibility of heading the Department of Health and Human Services in the Obama administration , where he would be the point person in helping to reform the nation 's health care system .
Three sources close to Obama 's transition team told CNN on Wednesday that the president - elect 's choice to lead HHS is the former senator , if he passes the vetting process .
Daschle himself is on the health care advisory group of Obama 's transition team .
Watch what the Daschle pick could mean »
The sources , who are in a position to know , said that Daschle negotiated that he would also serve as the White House health " czar " -- or point person -- so that he would report directly to the president .
This would guarantee that Daschle -- not White House staffers -- would be writing the health care plan that Obama submits to Congress next year .
" I hope to have the plan enacted by next year , and then it will take several years to implement , " Daschle said as he waited in Washington to board a plane bound for Obama 's hometown of Chicago , Illinois .
Asked if the United States , in the current economic climate , can afford to reform its health care system , Daschle said , " We can't afford not to do it .
If we do nothing , we 'll be paying twice as much on health care in 10 years as we do today . "
Daschle was Democratic leader in the Senate from 1995 until he lost re-election in 2004 .
Representing South Dakota , he was first elected as a congressman in 1978 and served in the House until he was elected to the Senate in 1986 .
He recently wrote a book on health care titled " Critical : What We Can Do About the Health - Care Crisis . "
Daschle is currently billed as a " special public policy adviser " in the Washington office of the law firm Alston & Bird .
He is not a federally registered lobbyist , but his wife , Linda Daschle , is a registered lobbyist at the firm Baker Donelson , which has clients in health - related fields .
However , a source close to Tom Daschle told CNN that Linda Daschle recently informed Baker Donelson that she will be leaving the company at the end of the year in order to open her own independent lobbying shop , which will have no health care clients .
Also Thursday , Chicago businesswoman Penny Pritzker said that she is not a candidate for secretary of commerce in the Obama administration .
Pritzker said that she " never submitted any information for the vetting process to begin " and that " while there were discussions , I was never formally offered the position .
" I have obligations here in Chicago that make it difficult for me to serve at this time . "
Pritzker was Obama 's national campaign finance chairwoman and had been mentioned as the leading candidate to become Obama 's secretary of commerce .
She is the chairwoman of TransUnion , a national credit reporting agency .
Watch analysts weigh in on Obama 's staff picks »
In a written statement her office issued Thursday , she said , " I think I can best serve our nation in my current capacity : building businesses , creating jobs and working to strengthen our economy . "
Pritzker noted that " it has been my great privilege to serve in the Obama campaign .
I look forward to helping our new president in every way possible and am excited about the future under his leadership . "
Obama transition spokesman Robert Gibbs said in a statement :
" She would be an enormous asset to an Obama Administration given her experience in business and economic growth , but has decided that given her family and business commitments she is not interested in serving at this time .
She 'll continue to be a close economic advisor to the President - elect and his team . "
Meanwhile , Arizona Gov. Janet Napolitano is Obama 's top choice for homeland security secretary , according to multiple Democratic sources close to the transition .
One source said he believed the final decision depends on the vetting of the Democratic governor , much like the selection of Eric Holder to be attorney general .
On Thursday , Arizona Sen. John McCain praised Napolitano .
" Gov. Napolitano 's experience as the former U.S. attorney for Arizona , Arizona 's attorney general , and as governor warrants her rapid confirmation by the Senate , and I hope she is quickly confirmed , " he said .
See whose names are emerging »
Obama met last week with New York Sen.
Hillary Clinton to discuss the possibility of her serving as secretary of state .
The Obama team is also vetting her husband , former President Bill Clinton , who has made several concessions in moving the process along .
Sen .
Clinton 's response is expected this week .
Watch how Obama 's team wants to avoid ' distractions ' »
However , a Democratic official said Wednesday that Senate leadership is considering a new role for Sen.
Clinton should she decide to remain in the Senate .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid 's motivation for considering a new role for Clinton at this time was unclear , although multiple Democratic sources said Clinton made it known to the leadership prior to her meeting with Obama that she wanted a new role .
Watch how Obama 's Cabinet will have ties to lobbyists »
Sen .
Ted Kennedy , D - Massachusetts , announced Tuesday that Clinton would head a working group on health care reform .
Her group will be focused on insurance coverage .
The role Reid is considering would be in addition to that working group position .
" Sen. Clinton has told ... Sen. Kennedy , as well as Leader Reid , that she stands ready to help President - elect Obama in any and every way she can to enact comprehensive health care reform , which she has sought for nearly two decades , " Clinton spokesman Philippe Reines said .
Critics question whether Obama 's top staff picks so far represent the " change " that he promised during the campaign .
iReport.com : Hillary would be ' more of the same '
More than half of the people named to Obama 's transition or staff posts have ties to President Clinton 's administration .
In addition to Sen. Clinton and incoming White Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel , who is a former top aide to President Clinton , Eric Holder and Peter Orszag also have Clinton ties .
Holder , who is expected to be named attorney general , was Clinton 's deputy attorney general .
Orszag , who will reportedly head the Office of Budget and Management , was Clinton 's special assistant at the National Economic Council and served on the Council of Economic Advisers .
The Clinton - heavy team has caused Republicans to question Obama 's call for change .
" I think several individuals are very frustrated to think that President - elect Obama may just cut and paste from some of the Democratic operatives from the Clinton administration and put them into his White House , " said Leslie Sanchez , a Republican strategist and CNN contributor .
Republicans are n't the only ones who want Obama to branch out .
Robert Kuttner , a liberal and author of " Obama 's Challenge , " says the president - elect should broaden his recruiting efforts .
" It 's not as if the only competent people who ever served in government or who are capable of serving in government are veterans of the Clinton administration , so he 's got to be careful how many Clintonistas he appoints to top - level government posts , " Kuttner said .
iReport.com : Who should be in Obama 's Cabinet ?
Before Clinton , however , Democrats had not been in the White House since President Jimmy Carter , and many of those in Carter 's administration are too old to serve again under Obama .
The Obama transition team said in a statement that it is dedicated to building a well - rounded administration .
" President - elect Obama is committed to putting together a competent team that is diverse in many ways , including experience .
Serving in high - level positions whether in government , in the private sector or in public service is seen as a positive , " spokesman Nick Shapiro said .
CNN 's Gloria Borger , Jason Carrol , Ed Henry , Jamie McIntyre , John King , Ed Hornick , Don Lemon and Jessica Yellin contributed to this report .
All About Barack Obama • Bill Clinton
BY Emma Jane Kirby
BBC News , Paris
When I was a student , living in Avignon in the south of France , I remember waking up one morning shortly before Christmas , feeling shivery and as if someone had spent the night sandpapering my throat .
The French take any signs of illness very seriously After a couple of days of wheezing and coughing , I took myself to the doctor and explained that I was feeling a bit ropey .
One hour later I had been diagnosed with a severe lung infection , mild asthma and had in my hand a prescription for six different types of medicine , an appointment at the local hospital 's radiology department and an emergency referral to a specialist in pulmonary disease .
The next day I flew home to the UK for the Christmas holidays where my worried parents persuaded me to visit their local GP for a second opinion .
After five minutes in his consulting room , I emerged empty - handed but with a new diagnosis .
I had a cold .
Hardening attitudes I am not suggesting that the French are a nation of hypochondriacs but they do take their health very seriously .
France is the biggest consumer of antibiotics in Europe .
The government has recently tried to wean the country off its dependency with a series of TV advertisements which reassure the ailing that they do not always need drugs .
On the metro , disease hangs thickly in the warm air , and people eye one another warily , sizing up which passenger is likely to be carrying the plague before choosing their seat
A Parisian GP
I know , Dr Auber , believes that France enjoys a reputation for having such a great health service simply because its doctors routinely prescribe more medicines .
Now he says they are " Anglicising " the system , turning away from the indulgent " There , there " approach and moving towards a much more " Get along with you now " stiff upper lip attitude .
It is not going down too well .
Dr Auber claims that many of his patients are deeply disappointed if they do not get a prescription after a visit to his practice and he is quite sure that many go off mumbling that he has not bothered to treat them .
Worried well
With the current cold snap here , everyone is feeling pretty grotty and congested .
Even the sky looks bunged up and it is continually snivelling and spluttering sleet onto the Parisians who in turn are sneezing and rasping into handkerchiefs .
On the Metro , disease hangs thickly in the warm air , and people eye one another warily , sizing up which passenger is likely to be carrying the plague , before choosing their seat and tightening the protective scarves around their throats .
At least they have their medicines to console them .
Dr Auber told me that a French colleague of his , who recently moved to join a surgery in London , was staggered to see her British colleagues telling patients complaining of blocked ears , to just go home and pour olive oil into them .
There is a range of treatments available for heavy legs
In France she said , her patients would have demanded a medical prescription to shift the unwanted wax and she would have felt obliged to write one out .
French malady
But while stuffed - up orifices may be a common symptom on both sides of the Channel , there is one disease that only the Gallic appear susceptible to , and in fact , according to Dr Auber , it is one of the illnesses French people complain about most .
Correct me if I am wrong , but have you ever heard a British person complain they are suffering from " heavy legs " ?
Fascinated by a malady to which British people appear immune , I went to my local pharmacy and asked the smiling young chemist if she could advise me on remedies for heavy legs .
" Oh , bad luck , " she said indicating two entire shelves of pills and potions .
" Do you get heavy legs in the winter too ?
I only suffer from them in the summer , " and she handed me a cream with " real grape seeds " , assuring me it was very effective when rubbed vigorously twice daily from the ankle to the knee .
I have often wondered if one can get signed off work with heavy legs .
I am almost tempted to call my editor to try out the scenario .
" Oh yeah hi , it 's Emma Jane .
Look I 'm really sorry but I 'm not going to make it in today - I 'm afraid I 've got heavy legs again . "
The French consume more than a third of the entire world 's supply of heavy legs medicines
Unfortunately , my boss is a regular listener to this programme , so by now he will be aware of my British immunity to the illness and would presumably tell me to hop it .
Dr Auber confirms that British people simply do not suffer from this mysterious weightiness of the lower limbs , and adds that the French consume more than a third of the entire world 's supply of heavy legs medicines .
Curiously though , he has noticed that since the French health insurance companies stopped paying for heavy legs remedies a couple of years ago , consumption of these products is now one - tenth what it used to be .
Emergency treatment A couple of years back , while skiing in the Alps after a tiring stint in Afghanistan , I noticed my legs were covered in small red spots and I was feeling lethargic .
Could I finally have contracted the elusive heavy legs syndrome ?
" No ! " said the alarmed French doctor , " you have a tropical illness and you need to go straight to hospital . "
Laughing to myself at the typical Gallic solicitousness , I popped a Paracetamol and headed straight back to the slopes .
Two days later , delirious with fever and covered in enormous black lumps , I was lying in the isolation unit of a London hospital , howling in pain and terrified what my test results would reveal .
Alerted by my cries , a masked nurse popped her head around the door .
" Oh for goodness sake , " she said brusquely .
" Anyone would think you were dying .
You 've only got suspected leprosy . "
From Our Own Correspondent was broadcast on Saturday , 13 December , 2008 at 1130 GMT on BBC Radio 4 .
Please check the programme schedules for World Service transmission times .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The concept of an individual swapping his or her body with that of another person has captured the imagination of writers and artists for decades .
Although this topic has not been the subject of investigation in science , it exemplifies the fundamental question of why we have an ongoing experience of being located inside our bodies .
Here we report a perceptual illusion of body - swapping that addresses directly this issue .
Manipulation of the visual perspective , in combination with the receipt of correlated multisensory information from the body was sufficient to trigger the illusion that another person 's body or an artificial body was one 's own .
This effect was so strong that people could experience being in another person 's body when facing their own body and shaking hands with it .
Our results are of fundamental importance because they identify the perceptual processes that produce the feeling of ownership of one 's body .
Funding :
This work was supported by grants from the Swedish Medical Research Council , the Swedish Foundation for Strategic Research , the Human Frontier Science Programme , and the European Research Council .
V.I.P was supported by a PhD fellowship from the KI - NIH graduate programme .
The study was conducted as part of Stockholm Brain Institute , a consortium for Cognitive and Computational Neuroscience in Stockholm , and PRESENCCIA ( Presence : Research Encompassing Sensory Enhancement , Neuroscience , Cerebral - Computer Interfaces , and Applications ) project , a European Union - funded project under the Information Society Technologies program .
The funders had no role in study design , data collection and analysis , decision to publish , or preparation of the manuscript .
On the basis of this previous knowledge , we hypothesized that it would be possible to induce illusions of owning an entire body other than one 's own by the experimental manipulation of the visual perspective in conjunction with correlated visual and sensory signals being supplied to the respondent 's body .
Our experiments reveal that healthy volunteers can indeed experience other people 's bodies , as well as artificial bodies , as being their own .
This effect is so robust that , while experiencing being in another person 's body , a participant can face his or her biological body and shake hands with it without breaking the illusion .
The existence of this illusion ( and the identification of the factors triggering it ) represents a major advance because it informs us about the processes that make us feel that we own our body in its entirety .
Another important factor in determining how we perceive our own body is the adoption of the first person perspective [ 6 ] , [ 20 ] .
When we look at ourselves directly , our limbs and body always present themselves in certain orientations because our eyes are fixed to our skull .
By changing the visual perspective , it is possible to induce the feeling of being in a different place [ 21 ] , [ 22 ] , [ 23 ] or , even , illusory ‘ out - of - body experiences ’ where people seem to lose ownership of their own body when observing it from the point of view of another person ( which we refer to as the third person perspective ) [ 6 ] .
If we want to understand why our centre of awareness , or sense of ‘ self ’ , is located inside our body , illusions of bodily self - perception could be invaluable .
The study of illusions is a classical approach adopted in psychology to learn more about the basic processes that underlie normal perception .
Indeed , some important initial insights into the mechanisms underlying self - perception of one 's own body have been gained through illusions .
One such is the so called ‘ Rubber Hand Illusion ’ where people have the experience that a prosthetic hand is actually their own hand [ 17 ] .
In this illusion , synchronous touches applied to a rubber hand in full view of the participant , and the real hand , which is hidden behind a screen , produce the sensations that the touch originates from the rubber hand and a feeling of ownership of the artificial hand .
This suggests that the temporal and spatial patterns of visual and somatosensory signals play an important role in how we come to experience that a limb is part of our own body [ 5 ] , [ 7 ] , [ 18 ] , [ 19 ] .
We all experience our body to be part of ourselves .
The question of how this comes about has been discussed by philosophers and psychologists for centuries [ 1 ] , [ 2 ] , [ 3 ] , [ 4 ] .
Recent advances in experimental science have made it possible for cognitive neuroscientists to begin to investigate how we perceive our body as an object distinct from the external world [ 2 ] , [ 5 ] , [ 6 ] , [ 7 ] , [ 8 ] .
Having the experience of being the owner of one 's body is clearly adaptive , and its function probably relates to the problem of localising and correctly identifying oneself in the sensory environment [ 9 ] , [ 10 ] , a problem faced by all central nervous systems [ 11 ] .
Consider a fight between two or more individuals .
Survival depends on rapid identification and accurate localisation of one 's own body .
From neurology we know that these functions can break down as people with pathological conditions affecting frontal and parietal lobes can sometimes fail to recognise their limbs as belonging to themselves [ 12 ] , [ 13 ] , [ 14 ] .
Similarly , damage to , or abnormal physiology of , frontal , parietal and temporal regions can be associated with feelings of being outside the body [ 15 ] , [ 16 ] .
Although these neurological observations suggest that certain brain regions might be responsible for generating the habitual experience of being located within one 's body and of owning it , they tell us little about the underlying processes .
The body - swap illusions worked well even though the mannequin or the other person looked different from the participant .
In the first experiment there was no significant difference in rating scores between male and female subjects in the synchronous illusion condition , despite the fact that we only used a male mannequin ( N = 32 , p = .613 , F ( 1,223 ) = .257 , ANOVA ) ( Figure 8 ) .
Similarly , in the second experiment , male and female subjects alike were able to accept the arm of the female experimenter as their own .
Further , we compared the threat - evoked skin conductance responses between males and females after threatening the new artificial body .
To obtain sufficient numbers of males and females to enable a statistical comparison of the SCR , we pooled the data from the synchronous and asynchronous conditions where the stimulation was applied on the abdomen in experiments three and four .
We found no significant difference in the illusion related SCR between males and females ( p = .952 , F = .004 , Two Way Repeated Measures ANOVA ) .
These observations suggest that gender identity , and differences in the precise shape of the bodies , are not important factors for perceiving a body as one 's own .
It is relevant to point out here that several of the participants also reported a weaker illusion in the asynchronous condition .
Thus , even though they were able to recognize their own body through the headsets and visually detect the self - produced squeezing movements of their own hand , they were still influenced by seeing the experimenter 's body from the first person perspective .
This effect probably explains the lack of difference in the SCR observed when threatening the two hands in the asynchronous condition .
Even though the mean rank of the observed SCR after threatening the participants ' own hand was higher than that obtained by threat to the experimenter 's hand in that condition ( 13.71 vs. 8.77 ) , the effect was not statistically significant ( N = 20 , = .737 , Z = −.336 , two - tailed Wilcoxon Signed Ranks Test ) .
Mean skin conductance responses ( SCR ) for twenty participants when either the experimenter 's or the participant 's hands were threatened during the illusion and the three control conditions ( error bars represent standard errors ) .
A significantly higher SRC was registered when the ‘ new ’ body ( the experimenter 's hand ) was threatened with the knife in the illusion condition than when it was threatened in the control condition ( p = 0.002 , paired two - tailed Wilcoxon Signed Ranks Test ) or when the physical ‘ old ’ body was threatened in the illusion condition ( p = .037 , paired two - tailed Wilcoxon Signed Ranks Test ) .
The interaction between the main factors ( Hand x Condition ) was significant ( p = .001 , Two Way Repeated Measures ANOVA on standardized variables ) .
With the intention of obtaining objective and quantifiable data for this effect , we again used the procedure of threatening the bodies and measuring the SCR .
We employed an experimental design where we occasionally threatened either the experimenter 's hand or the participant 's hand during either the synchronous or the asynchronous condition .
As a threatening stimulus , we moved a knife just above the wrists as if cutting the hand .
Identical plasters were placed on the wrists of the experimenter 's and the participant 's hands to make this procedure safe and not too scary ( see Methods ) .
We observed significantly stronger skin conductance responses when the knife was moved near the experimenter 's wrist than when it was moved towards the participant 's own hand in the synchronous condition ( N = 20 , p = .0002 , Z = − 3.099 , two - tailed Wilcoxon Signed Ranks Test ) ( Figure 7 ) .
No such difference was observed during the asynchronous control condition , which did not elicit a vivid illusion ( N = 20 , p = 0.737 , Z = −.336 , two - tailed Wilcoxon Signed Ranks Test ) .
The difference in SCR observed when threatening the experimenter 's and participant 's wrists in the two conditions was significant [ interaction between the main factors Hands ( Experimenter 's vs. Participant 's hand ) vs. Condition ( Synchronous vs. Asynchronous ) was significant ( p = 0.001 , F ( 1 , 19 ) = 17.083 , Two Way Repeated Measures ANOVA on standardized variables ] .
Thus , the participants ' emotional systems reacted more strongly when the new body was threatened than when their own body was under threat .
This is a quite remarkable observation that speaks of the strength of the illusion .
It is noteworthy that , after the experiment , several of the participants spontaneously remarked : “ Your arm felt like it was my arm , and I was behind it ” , “ I felt that my real / own body was someone else ” or “ I was shaking hands with myself ! ”
Finally , we registered a greater SCR when the experimenter 's hand was threatened in the synchronous condition than in the asynchronous one ( N = 20 , p = 0.037 , Z = − 2.091 , two - tailed Wilcoxon Signed Ranks Test ) .
Thus , the SCR results cannot be explained in terms of a general emotional response to seeing the knife , nor can they be explained by differences in the distance between the knife and the cameras because these effects were all controlled for in our experimental design .
In this experiment , the experimenter was wearing a specially designed helmet equipped with two CCTV cameras mounted in such a way that they presented the viewpoint of the experimenter ( Figure 6 ) .
In turn , the participants stood directly opposite the experimenter , wearing the HMDs , which were connected to the CCTV cameras on the experimenter 's head .
Thus , the participants were facing the cameras .
The participants were asked to stretch out their right arm and take hold of the experimenter 's right hand , as if to shake it .
This set - up allowed the participants to see their physical bodies from the shoulders to slightly above the knees .
Hence , they could clearly recognize themselves and distinguish between their own arm and the arm of the experimenter .
During the experiment , the participant and the experimenter were asked to repeatedly squeeze each other 's hands for two minutes .
In the illusion condition , the participant and the experimenter squeezed their hands in a synchronous manner , whereas in the control condition they squeezed each other 's hands in an alternating rhythm , with the experimenter returning the squeeze in a semi-random manner .
We tested the set - up in pilot experiments with ten participants ( none of whom participated in the experiment reported here ) .
Interviews conducted immediately after these initial experiments demonstrated that this set - up evoked a vivid illusion that the experimenter 's arm was the participant 's own arm and that the participants could sense their entire body just behind this arm .
Most remarkably , the participants ' sensations of the tactile and muscular stimulation elicited by the squeezing of the hands seemed to originate from the experimenter 's hand , and not from their own clearly visible hand .
In six other participants we also observed that this illusion worked well when the cameras were tilted downwards so that the participant could see the torso , legs and both arms of the experimenter 's body during the manual interaction .
In a full - blown body - swap experience one would expect to be able to perceive being localized in another human 's body during the performance of everyday actions .
Furthermore , if this is a genuine perceptual illusion , it should be cognitively impregnable , and thus not break down even if one sees one 's own body .
The next experiment was designed to address these issues and to put the idea of illusory body - swaps to a hard test .
We examined the counter - intuitive prediction that people should be able to swap bodies with each other and , quite literally , to shake hands with themselves while experiencing ownership of another person 's body .
The figure displays the skin conductance responses ( SCRs ) from 12 participants when the mannequin and a rectangular object ( a green box of the same size ) were threatened in turn .
The threat - evoked SCR was significantly greater when the mannequin was threatened in the synchronous condition than when the rectangular object was under threat after the same synchronous stimulation ( p = .008 , two - tailed t- test ) .
A significant effect of synchronous vs. asynchronous stimulation was observed only when the mannequin was threatened ( p = .04 , two tailed t- test ) .
Mean values and standard errors are displayed .
We also conducted an experiment to examine our prediction that the body would need to look like a human to be experienced as one 's own .
Pilot experiments suggested that the illusion did not work with objects that do not resemble a human body , such as boxes , chairs and tables .
Thus we conducted an experiment where we applied threats to the mannequin or to a rectangular object of the same size , after a period of synchronous or asynchronous visuo - tactile stimulation to the respondent and the object .
This experimental manipulation was also important because it allowed us to eliminate the potentially confounding factor that associated learning in the synchronous condition could have caused the differences in SRC responses in the previous experiments .
The results of the data analysis revealed that the threat - evoked SCRs were significantly stronger in the synchronous condition with the mannequin than in the synchronous one with the rectangular object .
( N = 12 , p = .008 , two - tailed t- test ) ( Figure 5 ) .
For a third time we reproduced a difference in the SCRs between synchronous and asynchronous stimulation of the humanoid body ( N = 12 , p = .04 , two - tailed t- test ) , without any such difference being observed in the conditions with the rectangular object ( p = .819 , two - tailed t- test ) .
Thus , people can only experience human - like bodies as part of themselves .
In addition the differences in the SCR between synchronous and asynchronous conditions are highly specific for the illusion .
The mean skin conductance responses ( SCRs ) for 13 participants when the abdomen of the mannequin was “ threatened ” with a knife after a period of synchronous or asynchronous visuo - tactile stimulation of the hands or the abdomen ( the four conditions on the x axis ) .
The SCR is significantly greater in the synchronous ( illusion ) conditions than in the control ones regardless of whether the hands or the abdomen were stimulated ( p = .011 and p = .033 , two tailed Wilcoxon Signed Ranks Test ) .
Mean values and standard errors are displayed .
In an additional control experiment we ruled out the possibility that the threat - evoked anxiety responses were limited to the particular body part that had been stimulated ( i.e. the abdomen ) .
To this end , we compared the magnitude of the SCR evoked by threats towards the abdomen after periods of synchronous or asynchronous visual and tactile stimulation of either the hands or the abdomen .
The key observation was a significantly higher threat - evoked SCR after synchronous visuo - tactile stimulation of either the hands or the abdomen as compared to the asynchronous control conditions ( N = 13 , p = 0.011 , Z = − 2.511 and p = 0.033 , Z = − 2.132 , two - tailed Wilcoxon Signed Ranks Test ) ( Figure 4 ) .
Thus , stimulation of one body part seems to produce ownership of the entire body being seen , i.e. the effect of ownership generalised to non-stimulated body parts .
These findings together with the questionnaire data and spontaneous comments made after the experiments , conclusively demonstrated that people had the experience that the entire artificial body was their own body .
The mean skin conductance responses ( SCRs ) for 10 participants when the illusory body was “ threatened ” with either a knife or a spoon .
The SCR is significantly greater in the illusion condition than in either of the control conditions ( p = .009 and p = .028 , two - tailed t- test ) .
The response does not differ significantly between the two control conditions ( p = .484 , two - tailed t- test ) .
Error bars denote standard errors .
To provide objective evidence for the illusion of owning a body , we threatened the mannequin and measured the evoked skin conductance response ( SCR ) as an objective measure of anxiety .
This test has been used before to provide physiological evidence of body illusions [ 24 ] , [ 25 ] , and there is a direct relationship between the degree of anxiety evoked by threatening an artificial body part and the strength of illusory body ownership [ 25 ] .
After a period of one minute of synchronous or asynchronous stimulation as described above , participants observed a knife ‘ cutting ’ the mannequin 's abdomen .
To control for a general effect of seeing an object approaching the body we also included a second control condition where we touched the mannequin 's abdomen with a neutral object ( a spoon of the same size as the knife ) after one minute of synchronous and asynchronous visual and tactile stimulation , that is , after the same amount and kind of stimulation used in the “ threatening ” situation ( see Methods ) .
The key observation was a significantly greater SCR when we threatened the artificial body with the knife in the synchronous condition than in either one of the two control conditions ( N = 10 , p = .009 , Z = − 2.599 , p = .028 , Z = − 2.191 , two - tailed Wilcoxon Signed Ranks Test ; see Figure 3 ) .
( This response was also significantly stronger than the low level control condition with the spoon threat after asynchronous stimulation ; p = .017 , Z = − 2.395 ; not shown in Figure 3 ) .
There was no significant difference between the knife vs. spoon threat - evoked responses in the asynchronous condition ( N = 10 , p = .484 , Z = −.700 , two - tailed Wilcoxon Signed Ranks Test , the data are not shown ) .
Thus , the participants ' emotional systems responded as one would anticipate a person to respond were their own body being threatened .
The questionnaire consisted of the seven statements ( S1–S7 ) .
S1–S3 referred to the illusion and S4–S7 served as controls .
Participants indicated their responses on a seven - step scale ranging from ‘ agree strongly ’ ( +3 ) to ‘ disagree strongly ’ ( −3 ) .
The high rating scores on the illusion statements that were observed only in the synchronous condition revealed that the participants experienced the illusion .
The bars represent mean values and the error bars indicate standard errors .
For details see Results and Methods .
We used a short rod to repetitively stroke the participant 's abdomen , which was out of view , in synchrony with identical strokes being applied to the mannequin 's abdomen in full view of the participant .
As a control condition , we employed asynchronous touches to the real and artificial abdomens ( carefully matching the total number and length of the strokes ) .
After two minutes of stimulation , the participants were asked to complete a questionnaire on which they had to affirm or deny seven possible perceptual effects using a seven - point Likert scale .
Three statements were designed to capture the illusory experience of being the artificial body , and the other four served as controls for suggestibility and task - compliance ( Figure 2 ) .
From the completed questionnaires it was evident that the participants had felt the mannequin 's body to be their own body , and that they sensed the touch of the rod directly on the mannequin 's abdomen in the synchronous condition ( p = .000 , F ( 1 , 223 ) = 125.434 , ANOVA ) .
No such illusory perceptions were reported in the asynchronous control condition ( p = .703 , F ( 1 , 223 ) = 1.513 , ANOVA ) .
The responses to the three questions , which addressed the illusory perception of owning the new body , differed significantly between the two conditions ( p = .000 , F ( 1 , 95 ) = 107.508 , GLM for repeated measurements ) ( Figure 2 ) .
The aim of the first experiment was to demonstrate that it is possible to elicit the illusion of ownership of an entire body .
The experimental manipulation consisted of seeing a body other than oneself from the first person perspective whilst being subjected to synchronised visual and tactile stimulation .
We used a life - sized mannequin , rather than another person 's body , to exclude mismatches between small involuntary movements ( e.g. breathing ) .
To provide the first - person visual perspective of the other body , we developed the following set - up :
Two CCTV cameras were positioned on a male mannequin such that each recorded events from the position corresponding to one of the mannequin 's eyes .
A set of head mounted displays ( HMD ) connected to the cameras was worn by the participants , and connected in such a way that the images from the left and right video cameras were presented on the left and right eye displays , respectively , providing a true stereoscopic image .
Participants were asked to tilt their heads downwards as if looking down at their bodies .
Thus , the participants saw the mannequin 's body where they expected to see their own ( Figure 1 ) .
Discussion
The results of our experiments demonstrate that healthy volunteers can perceive another person 's body , or an artificial humanoid body , to be their own .
This works both when the participant does not move and when he or she is executing voluntary movements .
The critical conditions for eliciting this perceptual illusion are : ( i ) a continuous match between visual and somatosensory information about the state of the body ; ( ii ) the usage of a sufficiently humanoid body ; and ( iii ) the adoption of a first person visual perspective of the body .
Particularly strong evidence for this was the counter - intuitive demonstration that one can face one 's physical body and shake hands with it whilst experiencing the illusion of being within another person 's body .
These findings are of fundamental importance because they identify the perceptual processes that make us feel that we own our entire body .
Our results also provide a new method to move a person 's perceived centre of awareness from one body to another , which could have important scientific , industrial and clinical applications ( as will be discussed below ) .
Objective evidence for the illusion of owning an entire body was obtained by demonstrating that physical threats to the ‘ new ’ body elicited increased sweating ( skin conductance responses ) when people experienced the illusion .
Similarly , threats to the ‘ new body ’ evoked greater skin conductance responses than threats to the ‘ old ’ physical one during the illusory body swapping .
The SCR elicited by physical threats is a particularly good objective measure of body ownership .
Emotional defence reactions , such as fear and autonomic arousal , have emerged in the course of evolution to enable one to protect one 's own body from physical damage [ 26 ] , [ 27 ] .
The causal chain between threat - evoked SCR and the feeling of body ownership has been clarified in earlier work .
There is a direct linear relationship between the strength of ownership of a hand and the degree of anxiety experienced when the hand is being subjected to physical threats [ 25 ] .
This relationship is mirrored by the activity in multisensory areas , related to ownership , and areas in the emotional system , related to anxiety and pain anticipation [ 25 ] .
The SCR is the peripheral correlate of activity in brain structures related to emotions , and is , therefore , greater when an owned rubber hand is physically injured than when it is not experienced as part of one 's body [ 24 ] .
Thus the differences in threat - evoked SCR that we observed in response to our experimental manipulations reflected the perceptual illusion of owning an entire body .
The design of our experiments , employing multiple control conditions , ruled out potentially confounding factors such as attention to unexpected sensory events , the emotional salience of the stimuli presented , or associative learning ( see Results for details ) .
The central relevance of the present findings is that they inform us about how we come to experience that we own our bodies and why we have an on - going feeling of being located inside them ( sometimes called ‘ embodiment ’ [ 28 ] ) .
In the present illusions , the visual , tactile , proprioceptive information and the predicted sensory feedback from these modalities during active movements were temporally and spatially congruent in an ego - centric reference frame centred on a new body .
Thus , the matching of multisensory and motor signals from the first person perspective is sufficient to create a full sense of ownership of one 's own entire body .
This conclusion certainly contrasts with the traditional text - book wisdom which emphasises that body perception is a direct result of bottom - up processing of afferent signals from muscles , joints and skin .
Earlier work on body ownership has exclusively studied a single limb , the arm , using the traditional rubber hand illusion .
Thus , until now , it was not known whether the principles underlying changes in ownership would generalise to other body parts , or to an entire body .
Many multisensory brain areas seem to have particularly large representations of the hands and upper limbs [ 29 ] , [ 30 ] , and visual information is particularly important for guiding human hand actions [ 31 ] , [ 32 ] , [ 33 ] , [ 34 ] and localising the arms in space [ 35 ] .
The present data show that correlations of visual and tactile signals coming to a single body part ( the abdomen or a hand ) are sufficient to cause a feeling of ownership of the entire body ( referred to as ‘ whole - body ownership ’ ) .
Thus the effect of correlated visual and tactile events on one limb generalises to non-stimulated body parts .
This implies that visual and somatosensory signals from different body parts are analysed and interpreted together , i.e. that there are inter- dependences between the multisensory integration of different body parts .
The central body representation is a ‘ map of connected nodes ’ where limbs and body segments form a continuous whole .
It is this structure of the body representation coupled with the fact that the perceptual systems tend to produce single resolutions when resolving sensory conflicts [ 36 ] , [ 37 ] , [ 38 ] that makes whole - body illusions possible .
The feeling of ownership of an entire body is , therefore , the result of a consistent pattern of spatially and temporally congruent multisensory signals from all body parts and the integration of this information in ego - centric reference frames centred on the various limbs and segments ( that is , arm - centred , head - centred , etc ) .
Our data also directly demonstrate that visual information from the first person perspective is critical for the experience of owning a body .
In our ‘ body swap ’ experiment ( Experiment # 5 ) there was a direct conflict between the perspective seen from the new body and the sight of the real body observed from a third person perspective .
The synchronized movements of the two people squeezing each other 's hands did not provide evidence in favour of either body being one 's own , so the critical determinant for ownership in this set - up was the visual perspective .
The first person perspective was clearly dominant since most participants experienced being in the new body .
This dominance of the first person perspective probably explains why people did not show a very strong response when their actual body was threatened in the asynchronous condition .
The incongruent tactile and muscular information in the asynchronous condition led to a decrease in the strength of the illusion , but could not completely abolish it , as reported by many participants .
Importantly , the effect of varying the timing of the seen and the felt hand movements was significant only from the first - person perspective .
The reason for this probably relates to the fact that central processing of multisensory signals from the body operates in egocentric reference frames [ 18 ] , [ 30 ] , [ 32 ] , [ 39 ] , [ 40 ] , [ 41 ] , [ 42 ] , [ 43 ] which presupposes the first person perspective .
But why is bodily perception so malleable ?
The function of body ownership is probably related to the problem of localizing and correctly identifying the body in space .
In this process , speed and accuracy are of utmost importance .
According to recent statistical models of perception , the interpretation of multisensory signals could be sped up and made more precise by incorporating memory information ( ‘ priors ’ ) in the decision process [ 44 ] , [ 45 ] , [ 46 ] .
In this framework , the body - swap illusions would arise as a result of the brain 's tendency to rely heavily on a lifetime of experiences of seeing the world from the first person perspective with eyes that are fixed at a specific position on the skull , and the fact that the body typically produces certain patterns of sensory signals from the different modalities .
Thus it is likely that the multisensory mechanisms involved in producing the present illusions are continuously engaged to refine the central estimate of the location of one 's own body in natural situations .
This implies that , in the experiments reported here , the spatial dimensions experienced as being occupied by one 's own body , and the co-localisation of this sensed body and the physical body , are produced by this perceptual integration mechanism .
This would explain why we have an on - going experience of being located inside our bodies .
The present illusions are consistent with the physiological and anatomical organisation of the multisensory brain .
It is possible that bimodal and multimodal cells in premotor and posterior parietal areas could play important roles by mediating critical multisensory integration [ 7 ] , [ 41 ] , [ 42 ] , [ 43 ] , [ 47 ] .
These areas are part of a system that controls actions and they contain many neurons that integrate visual , tactile and proprioceptive information in head and body - part centred reference frames [ 7 ] , [ 41 ] , [ 42 ] , [ 43 ] , [ 47 ] .
Furthermore , these multisensory cells are sensitive to the temporal and spatial congruency of multisensory signals [ 47 ] .
Thus , this neuronal system has the capacity to perform the binding of visual , tactile , proprioceptive and motor signals in ego - centric coordinate systems centred on the new body .
The sensory experience of one 's own body from the first person perspective is different from recognising oneself in mirrors , TV screens or other image representations as observed from a third person perspective .
When we recognise ourselves in a mirror , for example , we do not have the experience that we are actually in the mirror , or that there has been a change in ownership of our body .
It is therefore likely that the present illusions involve different processes than those probed in earlier experiments on self - recognition in mirrors [ 48 ] or self - recognition of bodies [ 8 ] , [ 49 ] and body parts observed from a third person perspective .
A key difference probably is that , in the body - swap illusions , the visual , tactile and proprioceptive information is mapped directly onto the multisensory neuronal populations that represent one 's own body in ego - centric coordinates .
The present findings could have groundbreaking industrial and clinical applications .
Experiencing swapping bodies with other individuals could provide a valuable tool for research on body image disorders or self - identity in social psychology .
Likewise , experiencing ‘ becoming ’ a humanoid robot in tele - robotics and feeling ownership of simulated bodies in virtual reality applications would probably enhance user control , realism , and the feeling of ‘ presence ’ [ 21 ] , [ 22 ] , [ 23 ] , [ 50 ] .
With respect to the tele - operator literature , it is interesting to note that there are many anecdotal reports of people feeling a robotic arm to be like their own when the robot arm is viewed from a first person perspective via cameras mounted on the robot and when the movements of the robot's arms reproduce the person 's movements in real time [ 51 ] .
The present paper provides the experimental data and a cognitive - neuroscience - informed model for explaining how illusory ownership of limbs and entire bodies might be evoked in tele - operator systems ( see also Slater et al . [ 50 ] ) .
In conclusion , these experiments have demonstrated how remarkably easy it is to ‘ move ’ a human centre of awareness from one body to another .
This speaks directly to the classical question of the relationship between human consciousness and the body , which has been discussed by philosophers , psychologists , and theologians for centuries [ 1 ] , [ 3 ] , [ 4 ] , [ 11 ] .
The continuous integration of multisensory and motor signals in ego - centric reference frames thus maintains the co-alignment between the experienced self and the physical body .
Skip to comments .
Official Election Hangover Thread
SoftwareEngineer |
11/05/2008 | SoftwareEngineer
Posted on by SoftwareEngineer
What an awful way to wake up this morning .
I have a sense of disbelief about what has happened .
I am trying to do my morning chores but I can physically feel my heart hurting and my head pounding .
It is unreal .
I feel I am not really living this and instead this is some hallucination .
And yet , the day must go on .
I have to get ready , go to work and meet clients .
So to get over this election hangover ( and a fair bit of Glenlivet last night ) I am going to do the following :
1. Pray 2 .
Go for a run 3 .
Not watch any TV or listen to any Radio 4 .
Take a giant Excederin for my headache
How is everyone else handling this ?
Please post what you are all doing to keep functioning
TOPICS :
Politics / Elections
Your Opinion / Questions
KEYWORDS :
bho2008
elections
To : SoftwareEngineer
you actually went to sleep :)
by 2 posted onby ari -freedom ( So this is how Liberty dies ... with thunderous applause )
To : SoftwareEngineer
I ’m fortunate in that I only do my drinking on weekends .
That means I ’ll be over the shock by Friday night and probably wo n’t be tempted to crawl into a bottle to recover .
To : ari -freedom
What scares me most is that more than 1 in 2 Americans wanted this to happen .
Utter disbelief is an understatement .
Disgust is a better word
by 4 posted onby BornToBeAmerican ( Sarah : I 'm not going to just go along to get along . )
To : SoftwareEngineer
One thing is for sure ... we need Laura , Rush , Glenn , Sean , Mark , and even some Savage now more than ever .
I listen to about 4 talk radio shows a day and may listen to more to make it through the next 4 years .
And mark my words , they try silencing them , and I will take to the streets .
There will be another Civil War in this country if they try to take away talk radio .
Talk radio is ALL we have left to keep us somewhat sane as the country turns to Socialism .
To : SoftwareEngineer
Good morning , SoftwareEngineer .
I hope you feel better after your run .
Have an egg for breakfast !
I am feeling just fine this morning , having not imbibed any ( ahem ) restoratives due to a lingering sinus crud .
I ’m about to haul my children ( eight of them ) out of bed .
We ’ll pray , read the Bible , and then get started on homeschooling , even though they think they deserve a day off because I was working the polls yesterday .
( My state rep was reelected handily , bless his heart . )
I need to draw a map of The Bahamas for my Girl Scouts to paint tomorrow .
Tonight I ’ll have choir practice .
God was King yesterday , and God is King today .
What can men do to me ?
by 6 posted onby Tax - chick ( Octopuses have two legs and six arms . )
To : SoftwareEngineer
Jesus Christ is King of Kings and Lord of Lords !!
by 7 posted onby DarthVader ( Liberal Democrats are the party of EVIL whose time of judgment has come . )
To : BornToBeAmerican
Mac did n’t run the right campaign .
And too many missteps .
To : SoftwareEngineer
For this weekend , beer , scotch , and maybe a few painkillers .
I cannot believe that people are that stupid to vote for this socialist piece of crap .
Maybe it is time America went down in flames due to ignorance , greed , laziness , sloth and utter stupidity .
by 9 posted onby PAMadMax ( Islam is a disease .... )
To : ari -freedom
went to sleep at 10:00 PM EST , it was obvious .
What is next ?
Isreal is already being attacked !
Will they bomb Iran ?
Is there going to be a mass exodus of industry to pre-empt punishing new taxes on earnings ?
Does Rush have to move to XM ?
Do I have to bury my guns in the woods ?
To steal a quote from a great American
For the first time in my adult life , I am ashamed of and afraid for my country .
by 10 posted onby Billg64 ( LOL ROFL Senator Mccain for what ???? )
To : SoftwareEngineer
Since I 've been quoting inspirational lyrics on several threads this mornin ' ...
And you to whom adversity has dealt a final blow
With smilin ' bastards lying to you everywhere you go .
Turn to and put out all you have of heart and hand and brain
And like the Mary Ellen Carter rise again .
Rise again , RISE AGAIN .
Though your heart it be broken
Or life about to end .
No matter what you 've lost be it a home , a love , a friend .
Like the Mary Ellen Carter rise again !
prisoner6
by 11 posted onby prisoner6 ( Right Wing Nuts hold the country together as the loose screws of the Left fall out . )
To : ari -freedom
I had to go to “ sleep ” .
Part of it was just the fact that my brain could not process anything anymore .
This whole thing has been made worse by the freaking margins Obama won in some states .
A lot of DU members here on FR are going to mock me for being a sore loser .
But I am NOT a sore loser .
I am genuinely sad about a Socialist being elected .
I still remember the day when Clinton was elected first in 1992 .
I was sad because a lousy draft dodging pot smoking ex hippie was elected but I did not fear for myself or my safety .
That is the BIG difference in this election .
I somehow feel that my family is “ less safe ” this AM .
I do n't know if I am the only Freeper that thinks like that or there are others but as of today I will be very cautious .
To : SoftwareEngineer
Utter disbelief .
I have n’t been to bed , yet .
I am so afraid for my kids and grandkids and yet unborn greatgrandchild .
I am going to find a good church and start some counceling for me and my husband .
Right now I am still numb .
To : acsuc99
my advice is to back off the tv and radio for several days ..... if people are like me , we ’ve had it .... can’t take anymore of this disgusting turn of events .
To : SoftwareEngineer
Welcome to the klub .
America has been raped , thanks to a practically illiterate electorate .
We have a lot to thank GWB for .
He needs to abdicate early , take the RINOs with him and let our newly - elected master take the over the reins of a nation that once experimented with democracy .
With Obama in there will be no drilling for new oil , no missile defense system , abortion mills popping up like porno shops in our once polite cities and every day of his rule will seem like a drab , black and white day .
The immigration from Somalia , Nigeria , Haiti , etc. will crowd our muslim cities and there will be no safe street to stroll .
We have been sold out .
by 15 posted onby IbJensen ( Obombazombies have given America to the Communists ! )
To : SoftwareEngineer
Call the NYT .
Ask for the sales department and ask for a 1 / 2 page ad to be run each Friday , Saturday and Sunday papers .
After you get pricing details , apologize profusely .
Tell them Obama seems to have already spent your advertising budget and has given it to those more needy than the NYT .
by 16 posted onby listenhillary ( 4 legs good , 2 legs baaaad ! , ~~ Obama Hussein -
You make it , we take it . )
To : SoftwareEngineer
You are not alone !
The only consolation I can find is my knowledge that YHVH is in control and he works in strange ways at times .
by 17 posted onby Billg64 ( LOL ROFL Senator Mccain for what ???? )
To : beckysueb
Right now I am still numb .
Perhaps in time we 'll become like Obomba voters : mind - numbed robots .
by 18 posted onby IbJensen ( Obombazombies have given America to the Communists ! )
To : IbJensen
500 yrs from now this will be seen as the revival of the dark ages
by 19 posted onby Billg64 ( LOL ROFL Senator Mccain for what ???? )
To : SoftwareEngineer
Absolutely .
Even with all that went on in the Clintoon admin I never felt for the safety of myself and my family like I do now .
But of course , all we ’ll do is talk it to death .
After all , with election fraud , lies , liberal - controlled media , etc what can we do ?
Is there anyone with the stones to stand on a tavern chair and call for revolution circa 1775 ?
by 20 posted onby PAMadMax ( Islam is a disease .... )
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
In perhaps the starkest sign yet of trouble in the news business , media giant Tribune Co. -- owner of the Los Angeles Times , KTLA -TV Channel 5 and other newspapers and TV stations -- filed Monday for bankruptcy protection from creditors .
Tribune ’s woes stem from a combination of plunging advertising revenue and a heavy debt load of $ 12.9 billion , much of it incurred a year ago when it was taken private by Chicago real estate entrepreneur Sam Zell .
Tribune is far from being the only troubled media company .
In the last week alone , the New York Times said it would mortgage its Manhattan headquarters for as much as $ 225 million to help cover operating costs , industry leader Gannett Co. pushed ahead with the layoff of 2,000 employees , and Denver ’s Rocky Mountain News and the Miami Herald were put up for sale .
“ Everywhere you go , it ’s the same story , ” said Alan Mutter , a veteran newspaper editor and investor who writes the Newsosaur blog .
“ It ’s all kind of appalling . ”
Advertisement
But Tribune has become the first major news organization to file for bankruptcy , which could add a new dimension of uncertainty for the company and its 16,000 employees .
During a Chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization , major management decisions must pass muster with a bankruptcy judge , and the ultimate fate of a company -- including whether it remains intact or is sold off in pieces -- could be decided in part by its creditors .
Zell said Monday that Tribune ’s business units would operate as normal and that the focus of the reorganization would be “ on our debt , not on our operations . ”
In its filing in Bankruptcy Court in Delaware , the company , which owns eight metropolitan daily newspapers and 23 television stations , said it had $ 7.6 billion in assets and debt of $ 12.9 billion .
Among the company ’s top creditors were the banks that had lent it more than $ 8 billion to complete the Zell deal , including JPMorgan Chase & Co. , Deutsche Bank and Merrill Lynch & Co .
Advertisement
Another top creditor is Mark Willes , the former chief executive of Times Mirror Co. , who is owed $ 11.2 million in deferred compensation from his severance package of more than $ 64 million , dating from Tribune ’s acquisition of Times Mirror in 2000 .
Industry analyst Ken Doctor of Outsell Inc. said Tribune “ stands out like a sore thumb because of its outsize debt , which is far greater than any other newspaper company ’s . ”
But Zell and other corporate executives said the company had a positive cash flow before debt service was taken into account .
Its largest units , including The Times , are profitable on the same basis .
“ The focus of the filing today is 100 % on relieving the pressure on the company from its debt , ” Zell told reporters .
“ By virtue of the filing today we will suspend making interest payments , which should give us added flexibility in order to continue moving forward . ”
The company has been considering the possible purchase of the Orange County Register and the San Diego Union - Tribune in an effort to consolidate the Southern California market for print and online advertising .
Advertisement
Zell did not address any acquisition talks with Register owner Freedom Communications Inc. or Copley Press Inc. , which owns the Union - Tribune .
In response to a question about those possible purchases , he said that strategically sound deals probably would be approved by the bankruptcy judge .
Despite their struggles , many newspapers remain profitable .
Before the bankruptcy filing , the Los Angeles Times projected it would make $ 100 million this year , down from about $ 240 million two years ago .
And newspapers are rapidly gaining millions of new readers on the Internet , although the ad revenue from online news has not kept pace .
With Tribune now in bankruptcy protection , its creditors will have to decide whether they ’re willing to restructure the debt , as Zell hopes , or try to get at least some of their money back another way , such as by a sale of its assets .
Advertisement
A breakup seems unlikely , however .
Even if buyers were to emerge for some of the company ’s media properties , financing such purchases could be a major stumbling block given that credit remains tight .
In many bankruptcies , creditors exchange debt for an ownership stake in the business , in the hope of eventually selling that stake at a profit .
Barring a breakup of the company , the issue facing Tribune ’s creditors could come down to how much of a debt load to leave on the company ’s balance sheet and how much of an equity stake to demand .
Tribune directors approved the action to file Chapter 11 in a meeting Monday , just as a $ 70 - million payment on a medium - term loan was coming due .
Although Tribune had about $ 300 million cash on hand , more than enough to make the installment payment , executives had been trying to achieve a broad restructuring of its debt in conjunction with the payment .
Those efforts failed in part because economic conditions have made projecting the course of the company ’s revenue and earnings exceptionally difficult :
Not only are projections of the length and depth of the recession hard to come by , but also the continuing credit crunch has injected uncertainty into even routine business transactions .
Advertisement
Tribune reported last month that its operating revenue for the third quarter ended Sept. 30 decreased 10 % , to $ 1 billion , as advertising revenue fell 19 % compared with a year earlier .
Tribune ’s debt service costs have been running at about $ 1 billion a year .
A $ 512 - million principal payment related to the buyout is due in June .
Money for that payment was to come from asset sales , particularly the sale of the Chicago Cubs baseball franchise .
That sale has been delayed in part because of the credit crisis and is now expected to take place in 2009 .
Some analysts have estimated the value of the Cubs , the team ’s landmark Wrigley Field ballpark and other associated real estate at more than $ 1 billion .
The Cubs and the related properties were excluded from the bankruptcy filing , the company said , to enable the sale to proceed .
Advertisement
The big losers in the Tribune bankruptcy may be banks and bond investors that funded Zell ’s buyout .
The credit analysis firm Fitch Ratings said Monday that the bank lenders that provided the bulk of the financing might recover as little as 31 % of the investments .
For other debt holders , Fitch said , “ 0 % recovery is realistic . ”
The bond market had anticipated Tribune ’s looming distress .
As recently as two weeks ago , some Tribune bonds were trading as low as 14 cents on the dollar .
Advertisement
In most corporate bankruptcies , the holdings of equity investors are largely wiped out .
In Tribune ’s case , all of the company ’s equity is held by an employee stock ownership plan , or ESOP .
As yet , the company has not allocated any shares in the ESOP to employees .
Tribune said it hoped to preserve the ESOP structure , which gives it valuable tax exemptions .
--
Times staff writers Tom Petruno and Tiffany Hsu contributed to this report .
Advertisement
james.rainey@latimes.com
michael.hiltzik@latimes.com
--
( BEGIN TEXT OF INFOBOX )
Advertisement
Tribune Co. at a glance
The Chicago company , founded in 1847 , is now controlled by real estate magnate Sam Zell .
Newspapers : Los Angeles Times , Chicago Tribune , Baltimore Sun and five other metropolitan dailies
Broadcasting : Twenty - three television stations including KTLA - TV Channel 5 , as well as cable station WGN America
Advertisement
Sports : The Chicago Cubs baseball team , which is for sale and not part of the bankruptcy
Employees : About 16,000
What ’s next :
The company wants to renegotiate its debt with lenders and other creditors under the supervision of the Bankruptcy Court .
Creditors will have to decide how much of a break they ’re willing to give the company and what to demand in return .
Typically in Chapter 11 bankruptcies , creditors exchange some portion of the debt for partial or total ownership of the business .
The renegotiation process can take many months .
Sources : Tribune Co. , Times research
When I am talking to my colleagues and students in economics who find Mises 's writings to be too strident I often have to remind them of the context of the times in which Mises wrote .
The world , I say , had gone mad .
Communism was presumed to be not only morally superior in the ideal , but practically superior as an economic mode of production .
Prior to the Nazi experiment , fascism and its corporativist form of political economy was viewed with romantic possibilities for rationalization of the economy and peaceful social cooperation .
Even after fascism was eliminated from the menu of socially desirable systems , the allure of communism remained and even after the crimes of communism from the Stalin era were revealed many economists stood by the earlier assessment concerning the growth capacity of Soviet economic planning .
Predictions of the Soviet - style planning generating economic growth that would outpace the economic growth of capitalist economies were made well into the 1980s .
These predictions proved to be as inaccurate , and the theoretical perspective from which they were made proved to be misguided .
Not only that , but Keynesian economic theory and Keynesian policy dominated western economies .
The neo -Keynesian concensus entailed a commitment to macroeconomic fine - tuning and microeconomic regulation ( or nationalization in the UK ) .
The results of this policy consensus were revealed to be disastrous for the economic health of the western economies .
By the 1970s , we had failing economies in the western democracies , we had the Soviet Bloc nations crumbling from within due to political corruption and an economic system that could neither meet the consumer demands of its population nor spur on technological innovation let alone incentivize state - owned firms to produce efficiently .
And we have to remember the 3rd world crises of the 1970s and 1980s --- Mexican debt , Latin American poverty and instability , African dictatorship , Indian brain drain , etc .
All of these economic realities were a consequence of the socialist aspirations and neo-Keynesian policies that dominated the world of economic affairs since WWII .
We have never really shaken off these intellectual blinders .
Hayek argued that the source of the intellectual error was an unhealthy alignment of statism and scientism , and I would just add that the alignment is self - reinforcing due to opportunistic behavior on the part of intellectuals , politicians and economic actors .
For a very short period of time , the intellectual error seemed to be exposed , but the unhealthy alignment persisted and in practical terms the policy consenus was maintained ( though not in name ) .
As Milton Friedman often warned , classical liberal economists had won the battle of rhetoric , but lost the war of policy implementation .
Macroeconomic fine - tuning ( through the fiscal and monetary policy instruments ) and microeconomic regulation and control continued throughout the 1990s and into the 2000s .
We just had an era of conservative Keynesianism , as opposed to the liberal Keynesianism of the 1960s and 1970s .
So this morning I am listening to news discussions of Obama 's fiscal stimulus as laid out this weekend , and listening to clowns like Chris Dodd and Carl Levin talking about the need for government oversight of private enterprise because we cannot trust for - profit businessmen to make the right decisions , and finally the head of the UAW talk about the reason why the US auto industry is suffering is due to our lack of universal health care , our lack of an industrial policy , and our failure to erect protections against foreign auto producers .
As Adam Smith might have put it , the sophistry of the special interests combine with the arrogance of the statesmen to produce much ruin .
Last week there was a nice op - ed by Oliver Hart and Luigi Zingales entitled " Have Economists Abandoned Principle " .
The answer is of course .
But there is a deeper problem , and that is they abandoned the discipline of economics in the 1930s and have never really reclaimed it .
There are no principles if you do n't have the discipline of economics .
The scientific enterprise of economics was misdirected and the allocation of intellectual talent in the field was consequently distorted .
The false gods of formalism and empiricism substitued for the verbal logic of the economic way of thinking that was developed from the classical political economists and refined by the neoclassical economists prior to WWII .
Economics lost its way long before the curernt crisis .
In fact , the current crisis is a consequence of the fact that we have lost our way as a discipline .
Fiscal and monetary irresponsibility , government regulation and control , and special interest pleading have been our economic policy reality since for decades , and the number of economists who have consistently argued against this economic policy reality have been in the minority since the 1930s .
Strong and consistent voices against this policy reality were provided by Mises , Hayek , Friedman and Buchanan .
They were not strident , but they spoke truth to power and did so as loudly and clearly as they were able to at a time when the world of theoretical economics and the world of practical affairs with regard to economics had gone completely mad .
We are still in that world -- though we have deluded ourselves into believing that politicians and intellectuals who freely adopted the language of the great economists were actually persuaded by the argument and ready to follow the advice of the great economists from Smith to Say and from Mises to Buchanan .
They were not ready , and still are not ready .
What they are ready for it to constantly intervene in the economy either by forgetting principles or in the name of principles .
Instead of the discipline of the economic way of thinking , all that has been achieved is that our language has been corrupted and the great discipline of economics has been reduced to the political football of " mere opinion . "
Rather than understanding that " the curious task of economics is to demonstrate to men how little the know about what they imagine they can design " , or that the fate of the great economists from Smith onward has always been to be called upon to offer their advice only to have it discounted as soon as it is uttered , we have an economics which has not only abandoned its principles but lost its disciplinary way .
No discipline of economics , no principles of economics .
It is that simple .
Who are the economic voices today that are the equivalent to a Mises or Friedman ?
And why so few that teach the discipline as it was rightly understood from Smith to Hayek ?
Is Buchanan the last remaining GREAT economist ?
In parts one and two of this series , we dipped our toes into the fascinating world that is stack - based languages .
By this point , you should be fairly familiar with how to construct simple algorithms using Cat ( the language we have been working with ) as well as the core terminology of the paradigm .
In fact , with just the information given so far , you could probably go on to be productive with a real - world concatenative language like Factor .
However , the interest does not just stop there …
One of the interesting challenges in programming language design is the construction of a type system .
So as to clear up any possible misconception before it arises , this is how Pierce defines such a thing :
A type system is a tractable syntactic method for proving the absence of certain program behaviors by classifying phrases according to the kinds of values they compute .
For Java , which has a comparatively weak type system , this usually means preventing you from accidentally using a String as if it were an int .
In other words , Java ’s type system generally proves the absence of things like NoSuchMethodError and similar .
C# , which has a slightly more - powerful type system , can also prove the absence of most NullPointerException ( s ) when code is written in a correct and idiomatic fashion .
Scala goes even further with pattern matching … need I go on ?
The point is that type systems do different things in different languages , so the definition needs to be flexible enough to reflect that .
In this article , we ’re going to look at how we can define a type system for a functional ( meaning that we have quotations ) concatenative language .
In a comment on the first part of this series , it was suggested that the task of typing stack - based languages is a fairly trivial one .
This is true , but only to a certain point .
As we will see , there are dragons lurking in the conceptual shadows , waiting for us to disturb their sleep .
Simple Expressions
Let ’s start out with typing something simple .
Consider the following program :
For those of you reading the RSS , what you see between the previous paragraph and this is exactly what I intended to write : nothing at all .
In a concatenative language , the empty program is usually considered to be valid .
After all , it takes a stack as input and returns the exact same stack .
We could replicate the semantics of this program by writing “ dup pop “ , but why bother ?
The empty program has the following type :
(->)
Or , more properly :
( 'A -> ' A )
To the left of the -< we have what I like to call the “ input constraints ” : what types must be on the stack coming into the program ( or phrase ) .
To the right of the arrow are the “ output constraints ” : what types will be on the stack when we ’re done .
For reasons which will become clear later on , ' A in this case represents the whole input stack ( regardless of what it contains ) .
Since we never change anything on the stack ( the program is , after all , empty ) , the output stack has whatever type the input stack was given .
Another way of writing this type would be as follows :
* -> *
This literally symbolizes our intuition that the empty program has no input or output constraints .
However , this is somewhat less correct notationally since it implies that the input and output stacks are unrelated .
In fact , I would go so far as to say that this notation is wrong .
The only reason it is produced here is to serve as a memory aid .
For the remainder of the article , we will be using Cat ’s notation for types .
Let ’s look at something a little less trivial .
Consider the following program one word at a time :
1 2 +
Remember that an integer literal ( or any literal for that matter ) is just a function which pushes a specific constant onto the stack .
Let ’s assign types based on what we expect the input / output constraints of these functions to be .
Note : I will be using the colon ( : ) notation to denote a type .
This is n’t conventional coming from C - land , but it is the gold standard of formal type theory :
1 : ( ' A -> ' A Int ) 2 : ( ' A -> ' A Int ) + : ( ' A Int Int -> ' A Int )
This is all very intuitive .
Integer literals work on any stack and just produce that stack with a new Int pushed onto the top .
Both 1 and 2 have the same type , which is a good sign that we ’re on the right track .
The + word is a little more interesting .
Its runtime semantics are as follows : pop two integers off the stack , add them together and then push the result back on .
This word will not be able to execute without both integer values on the top of the stack .
Thus , it only makes sense that its input constraints be some stack with two values of type Int at the top .
Likewise , when we ’re done , those two integers will be gone and a new Int will be pushed onto the remainder of the stack which was given to us .
Remember that ' A represents any stack , even if it is completely empty .
Coming back to our program , we can see that it is well typed by simply string together the types we have generated .
Starting from the top ( using * to symbolize the empty stack ) :
Word Input Stack Output Stack 1 * * Int 2 * Int * Int Int + * Int Int * Int
Do you see how the input stack of each word matches the output stack of the previous ?
In this case , this sort of one - to - one matching indicates that the program is well - typed , producing a final stack with a single Int on it .
If we actually run this program , we would see that the evaluation matches the assigned types .
First - Order Functions
This is fine for a simple addition program , but what if we throw functions into the mix ?
Consider the same program we just analyzed wrapped up within a function :
define addSome { 1 2 + } addSome
Here we define a function which has as a body the program we have already analyzed .
Down at the bottom of our new program , we actually call this function .
Here is the question : what type does the addSome word have ?
To answer this question , look back at the table above and consider the Input Stack for the first word in concert with the Output Stack for the last .
Putting these two types together yields the following type for the aggregated whole :
1 2 + : ( ' A -> ' A Int )
These words ( or “ phrase ” ) takes any stack as input , and then through some manipulation produces a single Int on top of that stack as a result .
The stack may grow and shrink within the function , but at the end of the day , only the Int remains .
As we would expect , this matches the runtime semantics perfectly .
Given the fact that the phrase “ 1 2 + ” has the type ( ' A -> ' A Int ) , it is reasonable to assign that same type to the function which contains it .
Thus , we can type - check the addSome program in a simple , one - row table :
Word Input Stack Output Stack addSome * * Int
At the start of execution , the input stack to any program is * , or the empty stack .
However , this is fine with our type checker , since the program has ' A — or any stack — for its input parameters .
This is all so nice and intuitive , so let ’s consider the case where we have a function which actually takes some parameters .
Specifically , let ’s consider the following definition :
define addTwice { + + }
At runtime , this function will take three values off the stack and then add them all together .
It is the Cat equivalent of the following in Scala :
def addTwice ( a : Int , b : Int , c : Int ) = a + b + c
The question is : how do we assign this ( the Cat function ) a type ?
As we have done before , let ’s look at the types of the individual words :
+ : ( ' A Int Int -> ' A Int ) + : ( ' A Int Int -> ' A Int )
Not much help there .
Let ’s try making a table :
Word Input Stack Output Stack + * Int Int * Int + * Int Int * Int
It ’s tempting to look at this and just assign addTwice the type of ( ' A Int Int -> ' A Int ) .
However , this would be a mistake .
Notice the problem with our table above : the Input Stack type of the second word does not match the Output Stack of the first .
In other words , this program does not immediately type - check .
The problem is the second word is accessing more of the stack than the first .
We ’re effectively “ deferring ” a parameter access until later in the function , rather than grabbing everything right away and threading the processing through from start to finish .
This is a perfectly reasonable pattern , but it plays havoc with our naive type system .
The solution is to merge the input constraints across both words .
The first word ( + ) requires two Int ( s ) to be on the top of the stack .
When it is done , those Int ( s ) are gone and a single Int has taken their place .
The second word ( again + ) also requires two Int ( s ) on the stack .
We only have one that we know of ( the output Int from the first word ) , so we must unify the constraints and merge things back “ up the chain ” as it were .
In other words , our first word ( + ) will require not just two Int ( s ) on the stack but three : two for itself and one for the second word ( + ) .
Our corrected table will look something like the following :
Word Input Stack Output Stack + * Int Int Int * Int Int + * Int Int * Int
With this new table , all of the Input and Output stacks match , which means that the type is valid and can prove runtime evaluation .
Thus , based on this whole song and dance , we can assign the following type :
addTwice : ( ' A Int Int Int -> ' A Int )
As expected , this function takes not two , but three Int ( s ) on the stack and returns the remainder of that stack with a new Int on top .
Polymorphic Words
One mildly - annoying issue that we have just skated over is the problem of polymorphism .
Consider the following two programs :
42 pop
And this …
" fourty - two " pop
The question is : what type do we assign to pop ?
We can easily make the following two assertions :
42 : ( ' A -> ' A Int ) " fourty - two " : ( ' A -> ' A String )
If we attempt to use this information to type - check the first program ( assuming that it is sound ) , we will arrive at the following type for pop :
pop : ( ' A Int -> ' A )
That ’s intuitive , right ?
All that we ’re doing here is taking the first value off of the stack ( an Int , in the case of the first program ) and throwing it away , returning the remainder of the stack .
However , if we use this type , we will run into some serious troubles type - checking the second program :
Word Input Stack Output Stack " fourty - two " * * String pop * Int *
Since pop has type ( 'A Int -> ' A ) ( as we asserted above ) , it is inapplicable to a stack with String on top .
Note that we ca n’t just push these constraints “ up the chain ” , since it is a case of direct type mismatch , rather than a stack of insufficient depth .
In short : we ’re stuck .
The only way to solve this problem is to introduce the concept of parametric types .
Literally , we need to define a type which can be instantiated against a given stack , regardless of what type happens to match the parameters in question .
Java calls this concept “ generics ” .
Rather than giving pop the overly - restrictive type of ( ' A Int -> ' A ) , we will instead allow the value on top of the stack to be of any type ( not just Int ) :
pop : ( ' A 'a -> ' A )
Note the fact that ' A and 'a are very separate type variables in this snippet .
' A represents the “ rest of the stack ” , while 'a represents a specific type which just happens to be on top of the input stack .
Using this new , more flexible type , we can produce tables for both of our earlier programs :
Word Input Stack Output Stack 42 * * Int pop * Int *
Word Input Stack Output Stack " fourty - two " * * String pop * String *
Everything matches and the world is once again very happy .
Note that we can also apply this parametric type concept to the slightly more interesting example of dup :
dup : ( ' A 'a -> ' A 'a ' a )
In other words , dup says that whatever type is on top of the stack when it starts , that type will be on top of the stack twice when it is finished .
Just like pop , this type can be instantiated against any stack with at least one type , regardless of whether that type is Int , String , or anything else for that matter .
Higher - Order Functions
We ’ve seen how to type - check simple phrases , as well as first - order functions with deferred stack access and the occasional polymorphic word .
However , there is one particularly troublesome aspect of concatenative type systems which we have completely ignored : functions which take quotations off the stack .
In other words : what type do we assign to apply ?
Consider the following function :
define trouble { apply }
At runtime , trouble will pop a quotation and then evaluate it against the remainder of the stack .
Intuitively , we need to have some way of representing the type of a quotation , but that ’s not even the most serious problem .
Somehow , we need to constrain the quotation to itself accept exactly the stack which remains after it is popped .
We also need to find some way of capturing its output type in order to compute the final output type of trouble .
More concretely , we can make a first attempt at assigning a type for trouble .
The underscores ( _ ) illustrate an area where our type system is incapable of helping us :
trouble : ( _ ( _ -> _ ) -> _)
It ’s very tempting to just throw an ' A in there and be done with it , but the truth is that for this type expression , there is no “ unused stack ” .
We do n’t really know how much ( or how little ) of the stack will be used by the quotation ; it could pop five elements , twenty or none at all .
It literally needs access to the remainder of the input stack in its entirety , otherwise the expression is useless .
Enter stack polymorphism …
Just as we needed a way to represent any single type in order to type - check pop and dup , we now need a way to represent any stack type in order to type - check apply .
Fortunately , the answer is already nestled within our pre-established notation .
Consider the type of + :
+ : ( ' A Int Int -> ' A Int )
We have been taking this to mean “ any stack with two Int ( s ) on top resulting in that same stack with only one Int “ .
This is true , but we ’re being a little hand - wavy about the meaning of “ any stack ” and how it relates to ' A .
When we really get down to it , what ’s happening here is ' A is being instantiated against a particular input stack , whatever that stack happens to be .
When we were type - checking + + , the first word instantiated ' A not to mean the empty stack ( * ) , but rather a stack with at least one Int on it .
This was required to successfully type the second + .
We can very easily extend this notational convenience to represent generalized stack parameters .
Rather than being instantiated to specific types , stack parameters are instantiated to some stack in its entirety .
Just as with type parameters , wherever we see that instantiated stack parameter within a type expression , it will be replaced with whatever stack type it was assigned .
Thus , we can assign trouble the following type :
trouble : ( ' A ( 'A -> ' B ) -> 'B)
In other words , trouble takes some stack A which has a quotation on top .
This quotation accepts stack A itself and returns some new stack B . Note that we do n’t really know anything about B .
It could be related to A , but it might not be .
The final result of the whole expression is this new stack B .
This concept is remarkably powerful .
With it in combination with the other types we have already examined , we can type check the entirety of Cat and be assured of the absence of type - mismatch and stack - underflow errors .
Considering the fact that Cat is almost exactly as powerful as Joy , that ’s a pretty impressive feat .
From a theoretical standpoint , things get even more interesting when we consider the type of the following function :
define y { [ dup papply ] swap compose dup apply }
This has the following type :
y : ( ' A ( 'A ( 'A -> ' B ) -> ' B ) -> 'B)
As you may have guessed by the name , this is the Y - combinator1 , one of the most well - known mechanisms for producing recursion in a nameless system .
Note that this definition looks a little different from the pure - untyped lambda calculus ( call - by - name semantics ) :
λf . ( λx . f ( x x ) ) ( λx . f ( x x ) )
What I ’m trying to point out here is the fact that Cat is able to leverage its type system to assign a type to the Y - combinator .
This is something which is literally impossible in System F , a typed form of lambda - calculus .
In fact , the only way to type - check this function in a lambda - calculus - derivative system would be to add recursive types .
Cat is able to get by with a very much non-recursive type definition , something which I find fascinating in the extreme .
Update :
The above paragraph is somewhat misleading .
It turns out that Cat actually does use a recursive type under the surface to derive the non-recursive type for y .
Specifically :
dup papply : ( ' A ( 'B ( ' B self -> ' C ) -> ' C ) -> ' A ( ' B -> ' C ) )
On a further theoretical note , the device in Cat ’s type system which allows this power is in fact the stack type variable ( e.g. ' A ) .
These stack types are conceptually quite similar to the type parameters we used in typing pop ( e.g. ' a ) , but still in a very separate domain .
In fact , stack types have a different kind than regular types .
This is not to say that Cat employs higher - kinds such as Scala ’s ( e.g. * => * ) , but it does have two very different type kinds : stacks and values .
And yet , it is not kinds in and of themselves which allows for the typing of the Y - combinator .
F ω is essentially System F with higher - kinds , and yet it is still incapable of handling this tiny little expression .
Most interesting indeed …
Conclusion
As you can see , type systems and concatenative languages do fit together nicely , but it takes a lot more effort than one would initially expect .
While typing simple expressions is easy enough , the waters are muddied as soon as higher - order functions and even deferred stack access enters the mix .
This is an extremely fertile area for research , where a lot of interesting ideas are being developed .
For example , John Nowak ’s 5th attempts to apply a type system to the stack - based paradigm , but in a very different way than Cat .
I hope you enjoyed this mini-series of articles on concatenative languages .
While they are a bit of a backwater in the programming language menagerie , I think that studying them can be a very instructive experience .
Furthermore , there remain some problems that are very nicely expressed in languages like Cat while being extremely unwieldy in more conventional languages like Scala .
Despite the obscurity of concatenative languages , it never hurts to have an extra language on hand , ready for those times when it really is the best tool for the job .
1 Technically , this is a little different from the Y - combinator used in conventional lambda - calculus ( it executes the quotation rather than returning a fixed - point ) .
However , conceptually it is the same idea .
Abolish The Federal Reserve www .
Abolish The Federal Reserve .com
John F. Kennedy , the last " real " President of the United States ,
was also the last President who tried to Abolish the Federal Reserve " Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable . "
~ President John F. Kennedy - 1962
The Federal Reserve Bank
&
Act Of 1871
SCAMS
by the Banksters
THE BANKSTERS STOLE $ 9 TRILLION FROM
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
AND NOBODY KNOWS WHERE IT WENT ?!?
$9 TRILLION IS MISSING and the Federal Reserve 's own
Inspector General Elizabeth Coleman Can't Explain the
LOSS of $ 9 TRILLION , Where It Is or Who STOLE IT ?!?
Federal Reserve Caught Red Handed Iceland Did It , So Can We !
Follow Iceland with the Iceland Solution !
Abolish the Federal Reserve & Arrest the Rothschild
& Rockefeller Banksters NOW !
" Iceland 's Peaceful Revolution "
Interview With Hordur Torfason
The " Iceland Solution " part 1
Interview with Iceland 's president Ólafur Grímsson
The " Iceland Solution " part 2
Interview with Iceland 's president Ólafur Grímsson The " Iceland Solution " part 3
Interview with Iceland 's president Ólafur Grímsson
" Unhappy events abroad have re-taught us two simple truths about the liberty of a democratic people .
The first truth is that the liberty of a democracy is not safe if the people tolerate the growth of private power to a point where it becomes stronger than their democratic State itself .
That , in its essence , is fascism — ownership of government by an individual , by a group or by any other controlling private power .
The second truth is that the liberty of a democracy is not safe if its business system does not provide employment and produce and distribute goods in such a way as to sustain an acceptable standard of living .
Both lessons hit home .
Among us today , a concentration of private power without equal in history is growing . "
~ President Franklin D. Roosevelt , 1938
Any nation wanting freedom and an end to wars , must first start by abolishing their country 's privately owned central bank as Iceland did in 2008 .
" Follow Iceland " with the " Iceland Solution ! "
Why would ANY country want to sell - out its ' own citizens by allowing a private , family - owned bank , such as the Rothschild & Rockefeller families , to control its economy , its currency and therefore its own citizens ?
Money , power and greed is at the top of the list .
And the money and power is owned NOT by a soverign nation 's government for the benefit of its ' own citizens , but by privately - owned banking families for their benefit .
Maybe this will help - did you know that the Rothschild family ( alone ) owns ONE - HALF of the world 's wealth ?
Their family 's assets EXCEEDS $ 500 Trillion .
Do you think they might use their wealth to buy influence , buy politicians , re-write laws and regulations , control governments or otherwise turn once free countries like the USA WAS in 1912 , before the Federal Reserve Act was ILLEGALLY signed into law in 1913 ...... and thereby enslaving our country and citizens ?
And you wonder how and where the Rothschild 's $ 500 trillion came from ?
And you wonder why our elected " servants " are not representing " we the people ? "
Since 1913 , our elected servants have been the " puppets " of the banksters - led by the Rothschild and Rockefeller families ( banking " cartels " ) .
The Iceland Solution is a model for success , real economic growth and gaining traction in " bankster troubled " countries !
More countries considering arresting the Rothschild & Rockefeller Banksters and returning their banks and economies to their citizens !
Iceland Did it Right , Everyone Else is Doing it Wrong !
http://www.nationofchange.org/iceland-did-it-rightand-everyone-else-doing-it-wrong-1354283363
Iceland Dismantles Corrupt Gov’t — Arrests All Rothschild Bankers
http://www.therightplanet.com/2013/02/iceland-dismantles-corrupt-govt-arrests-all-rothschild-bankers/
Every American MUST Watch Aaron Russo's Eye - Opening
Expose and Documentary :
" America : Freedom to Fascism " Thank you Aaron , R.I.P .!
To Purchase the complete Director 's Cut DVD
Visit Aaron Russo's website :
www.FreedomToFascism.com
$ 43 Trillion Lawsuit Filed Against the Banksters in New York
Major Banks , Governmental Officials and Their Comrade Capitalists Targets of Spire Law Group , LLP 's Racketeering and Money Laundering Lawsuit Seeking Return of $ 43 Trillion to the United States Treasury
http://www.marketwatch.com/story/major-banks-governmental-officials-and-their-comrade-capitalists-targets-of-spire-law-group-llps-racketeering-and-money-laundering-lawsuit-seeking-return-of-43-trillion-to-the-united-states-treasury-2012-10-25
CNBC Reports $ 43 Trillion Bankster Lawsuit… CNBC Exec ’s Children Murdered Next Day
http://beforeitsnews.com/politics/2012/10/cnbc-reports-43-trillion-bankster-lawsuit-cnbc-execs-children-murdered-next-day-2465630.html
CNBC Deletes Coverup Story About $ 43 Trillion Bankster Lawsuit !!
http://beforeitsnews.com/media/2012/10/cnbc-deletes-coverup-story-about-43-trillion-bankster-lawsuit-2447618.html
The $ 43 Trillion Bankster Lawsuit and the Mysterious Murder of Two NY Toddlers
http://occupycorporatism.com/the-43-trillion-bankster-lawsuit-and-the-mysterious-murder-of-two-ny-toddlers/
CNBC Exec ’s Children Murdered , 1 Day After CNBC Reports $ 43 Trillion Bankster Lawsuit
http://theintelhub.com/2012/10/27/cnbc-execs-children-murdered-1-day-after-cnbc-reports-43-trillion-bankster-lawsuit/
*** UPDATE *** Banksters & Their Attorneys Panicking !
$ 43 Trillion Case
Now Officially In Federal Court & Moving Forward
http://beforeitsnews.com/alternative/2012/11/breaking-banksters-their-attorneys-in-a-mass-panic-43-trillion-case-now-in-federal-court-moving-forward-2489100.html
No King But King Jesus !
Resistance to Tyrants is Obedience to God !
~ Romans Chapter 13
There were several well - known mottos or slogans
of the 1st American Revolution , including ; " United we stand , divided we fall . "
" I regret that I have but one life to give for my country . "
" Give me liberty or give me death . "
" Do n't Tread On Me . "
" These are the times that try men 's souls . "
" The British are coming ! " but there was only one " battle cry " and primary theme for the war , which was ; " No King But King Jesus " Our country 's present situation ; of UN - constitutional and ILLEGAL government that has been HI - JACKED
by PRIVATE BANKS and are the Puppet - Masters who CONTROL not
only " We The People 's government , but the President ( who is JUST their " puppet "
as well as OUR Congress ....... which explains out of control FEDERAL TYRANNY demands we renew the historic battle - cry and slogan of
the American Revolution and our country 's CHRISTIAN forefathers :
" No King but King Jesus " Amen !
No King But King Jesus !
Give me liberty , or give me death .
Without liberty , there is no life .
Now is the time for all good men ,
and women ,
to come to the aid of our country !
This is a news reporting and news aggregation service that is following the success of Iceland and exposing banking and financial crimes , political corruption , tyranny and treason by corrupt governments , elected & non-elected " SERVANTS " of the people they are to serve , political parties , central banks and the private banksters against citizens and " we the people . "
We re-publish these related news stories and information , you decide what to do with it .
We do not claim ownership to any of the information contained herein as these news stories , links and videos are already in the public domain .
Based on numerous requests seeking permission to re-produce or re-publish articles , stories , videos and links , we do NOT own the content .
Therefore , our permission is NOT needed to copy , re-produce or re-publish any of the information contained herein .
Abolish The Federal Reserve
www .
AbolishTheFederalReserve .com
" Those who would give up essential liberty to purchase a little
temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety . "
~ Benjamin Franklin
" I am a most unhappy man .
I have unwittingly ruined my country .
A great industrial nation is controlled by its system of credit .
Our system of credit is concentrated .
The growth of the nation , therefore , and all our activities are in the hands of a few men .
We have come to be one of the worst ruled , one of the most completely controlled and dominated Governments in the civilized world no longer a Government by free opinion , no longer a Government by conviction and the vote of the majority , but a Government by the opinion and duress of a small group of dominant men . "
~ President Woodrow Wilson , immediately after signing the Federal Reserve into existence .
" The Government should create , issue , and circulate all the currency and credits needed to satisfy the spending power of the Government and the buying power of consumers .
By the adoption of these principles , the taxpayers will be saved immense sums of interest .
Money will cease to be master and become the servant of humanity . "
~ Abraham Lincoln
" I sincerely believe ... that banking establishments are more dangerous than standing armies ; and that the principle of spending money to be paid by posterity , under the name of funding , is but swindling futurity on a large scale . "
~ Thomas Jefferson
" a legitimate government can both spend and lend money into circulation ... , when your bankers here in England place money in circulation , there is always a debt principal to be returned and usury to be paid .
The result is that you have always too little credit in circulation to give the workers full employment .
You do not have too many workers , you have too little money in circulation , and that which circulates , all bears the endless burden of un - payable debt and usury . "
~ Benjamin Franklin ( printer of Colonial Scrip ) Visit Aaron Russo's website :
www.FreedomToFascism.com
Aaron Russo interviewed by Alex Jones shortly
before Mr. Russo passed away
Bill Still 's Speech at Bromsgrove 2010
The Secret of Oz - Winner , Best Documentary of 2010
President John F. Kennedy 's " The President and the Press " Speech
Better known as his " Secret Societies " Speech
April 27 , 1961
Waldorf - Astoria Hotel
New York
Iceland 's President Olafur Grimsson :
" Let Banks Go Bankrupt . "
Olafur Grimsson , President of Iceland :
" Let Banks fail . "
His formula for growth
How Iceland defeated the Anglo - American Bankster Mafia
by Olafur Grimsson , President of Iceland .
Lew Rockwell explains how the Federal Reserve Enables War ,
Empire , and Destroys the Middle Class .
Lew Rockwell says " It 's Time to Take Back The Republic ! "
The Steps to Returning to a Gold Standard
by Judge Andrew Napolitano
" We 're Running Out of Time !
We 're Dealing with
Whether We Can Continue as Humanity " ~ Karen Hudes
Iceland 's Economy goes from " Bust to Boom " after Iceland
Decides to " End the Fed " / Abolish their Central Bank and
then Arrests / Imprisons the Rothschild Mafia Banksters !
Iceland 's Unemployment Rate PLUMMETS to 5 % after they " End the Fed "
and Abolish their country 's " Federal Reserve " ( private central bank ) !
All the Good News for Iceland Started in 2008 when they Abolish their
Private Central Bank and Arrest the Rothschild Banksters .
We Stand with Rand ( and his Dad ) !
# StandWithRand
" Abolish the Federal Reserve " - " We the People "
" Return to the Gold Standard " - Dr. Ron Paul and Lew Rockwell
" Wage Peace Not War " - John Lennon
" Give Peace a Chance " - John Lennon
" End the Fed " - Dr. Ron Paul , Lew Rockwell & Judge Andrew Napolitano
This following video proves the Federal Reserve is :
* AN ILLEGAL & CRIMINAL BANKING CARTEL
RUN EXACTLY THE SAME AS THE MAFIA
* Unconstitutional * a PRIVATE bank , owned by international bankers ( Rockefellers ,
Rothschilds , Bilderbergs & the " New World Order , " etc. ) * The President of the U.S.A. is NOT in control of our country !
* The President of the U.S.A. is nothing but a " PUPPET "
who is " controlled " by : - the " Federal Reserve "
- the Secretary of the Treasury , and
- the international crime syndicate
( the international " banksters " )
The Federal Reserve is no more " federal " than " Federal Express . "
The international bankers want to turn EVERY person into a " slave . "
In fact , the Federal Reserve has ALREADY " enslaved "
EVERY American ( through Social Security )
YOU NEED TO WATCH THIS VIDEO !
Will you help us take back our country and
Abolish the Federal Reserve ?
It 's time to Restore the Republic !
It 's time to ARREST all international bankers
that have perpetrated this FRAUD , and MURDERED
MILLIONS of people .
It 's time to STOP the new world order from
going any further with their EVIL plan .
It 's time to Return to the Constitution !
Step 1 : Support Ron Paul , Rand Paul and Ted Cruz , among other
elected " servants " who have not sold - out to the criminal
foreign occupiers of " We the People 's " government and
who will abide by their oath of office to support and
defend the U.S. Constitution , against all enemies ,
foreign and DOMESTIC !
Step 2 : Abolish the Federal Reserve
Step 3 : throw out the voting machines and return to Paper Ballots .
Step 4 : all vote counting is conducted at the local precincts -
which is open and witnessed by the Public and the local media .
Step 5 : WAKE UP !
Get informed , and NOT by watching the " controlled " news on your television
or in your town 's newspaper .
Un - plug / throw out your television set with its mind - numbing programming
which is only meant to dumb - you down and keep you " asleep . "
Turn off your MIND - NUMBING TV !
Terminate cable & satellite TV !
End your newspaper subscription .
Cancel your magazine subscriptions .
Get the " real " news by going to sites that include : www.Breitbart.com www.DrudgeReport.com www.Infowars.com
Support the " Monetary Reform Act " that will Abolish the Federal Reserve
and the " Sovereignty Movement " by the States
( The Sovereignty Movement is gaining rapid momentum in about 24 states - whose legislatures
are introducing and enacting new laws to restrict the un-constitutional actions of the Federal government )
The Monetary Reform Act , will ABOLISH the Federal Reserve , and is absolutely required if we truly want peace , prosperity and liberty .
The Monetary Reform
Act will pay off our nation 's debt massive $ 16 Trillion debt in LESS than 24 months and simultaneously :
* Repeals and Abolishes the Federal Reserve Act of 1913 and National Banking Act of 1864 which restores America 's banking system to that which we had under Pres Abraham Lincoln .
* Returns America 's banking system , to AMERICA ! * America's own banking system then begins issuing our own " debt - free U.S. Notes " ( which is what our Constitution REQUIRES )
* Abolishes " Fractional Reserve Banking "
* Immediately prevents the U.S. Government from any membership or involvement with the : IMF , BIS and World Bank
Did you know that Fractional Reserve Banking - which we now have under the ILLEGAL / UNCONSTITUTIONAL Federal Reserve is responsible for 90 % of all inflation ?
Did you know that the 5 islands of Guernsey , just off of Normandy , France 's coast , has been operating WITHOUT an illegal / fraudulent banking system , by issuing their own debt - free paper currency since 1815 ?
**********************************
Was President John Kennedy assassinated for his signing Executive Order 11110 - which essentially put the privately - owned Federal Reserve , out of business ?
Do you really believe America still has ( or owns ) any Gold in Ft. Knox ?!?
The Money Masters is a MUST WATCH 3 ½ hour long movie & exposé
as to why America Need to Abolish the Federal Reserve .
The Money Masters movie can be downloaded here :
http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-515319560256183936#
For " real " freedom , liberty , peace and an end to wars , a nation must first have economic freedom .
This means NO privately - owned
central banks .
How does a people yearning
for real freedom , liberty and peace abolish
the illegal and criminal private banks ?
EASY ....
Follow Iceland
www .
FollowIceland .com with the The Iceland Solution !
www .
IcelandSolution .com
The " Iceland Solution " is the Answer to the Criminal Bankster - scum ( " Puppet Masters " ) & Criminal Banksters that Control the Most Every Government and their " Puppets " which includes every U.S. President since these criminals MURDERED President Kennedy on Nov. 22 , 1963 ) .
The U.S. Congress and Supreme Court are also the Puppets of these mafia bankster criminals who are Nazis that worship Lucifer and plan to murder 90 % of the world 's population .
Did the private bankster families that own of the private Federal Reserve bank conspire to execute President Kennedy ( the last " real " President of the USA ) for his signing of Executive Order 11110 ( on June 4 , 1963 ) which allowed the US Treasury to print $ 4 billion of U.S. Notes ?
Few people know the Federal Reserve is an unconstitutional private bank owned by criminal mafia bank$ters ( and Nazis ) trying to bring in the New World Order .
The Federal Reserve is owned by ; Rothschild , Rockefeller and six other wealthy families who are all guilty of war crimes , theft , conspiracy , bribery , and who " own " the three branches of the US Government and every elected / appointed " puppet . "
Click here : http://politicalvelcraft.org/kennedy/ to learn more about President John F. Kennedy , America 's last " real " ( non - " Puppet " President ) of the USA , who stood up to the criminal mafia bankster families that own the Federal Reserve .
President Kennedy refused to be a " puppet " President or to be " owned " by the criminal mafia / New World Order and Rothschild / Rockefeller / Goldman Sachs bank$ter families that own the Federal Reserve AND now " own " all 3 branches of the US Government ( Executive , Legislative and Judicial ) .
“ The state did not shoulder the responsibility of the failed private banks .
Taxpayers should not be responsible for paying the debts of a private institution . ” ~ Iceland 's President Olafur Grimsson in Bloomberg television interview .
" The belief that a country 's citizens have to pay for the mistakes of a ' financial monopoly ' ( i.e. a private / central bank ) and that nation must be taxed to pay off the financial monopoly 's private debts is not only wrong but immoral . "
~ Iceland 's President Olafur Grimsson
Iceland shattered this expected " norm " of the private bankers and transformed the relationship between a country 's citizens and their political institutions and eventually " awoke " Iceland ’s leaders to take the side of their rightful constituents .
Iceland Wins , the Criminal Private Banksters & New World Order
Criminal Bankster Families are on the run !
Follow Iceland to Real Freedom , Liberty , End of Financial Tyranny , the End
of Criminal / Illegal Privately - owned Central Banks & Debt Slavery to them !
Since Iceland abolished their Central Bank ( owned by the Rockefeller , Rothschild & other 6 mafia crime families - see list below ) and issued arrest warrants for their criminal " banksters , " Iceland 's economy has rebounded and become the model for all countries to follow !
Iceland , the Mouse is Still Roaring
http://deadlinelive.info/2013/01/14/iceland-the-mouse-is-still-roaring/
Stephen Kinsella :
We need to follow Iceland 's lead and punish our bankers
http://www.independent.ie/opinion/analysis/stephen-kinsella-we-need-to-follow-icelands-lead-and-punish-our-bankers-28811047.html
Iceland Dismantles Corrupt Gov’t Then Arrests All Rothschild Bankers
www.dailypaul.com/241101/iceland-dismantles-corrupt-gov-t-then-arrests-all-rothschild-bankers
GLOBAL ELITES THROWN OUT OF ICELAND :
Iceland Dismantles Corrupt Gov’t Then Arrests All Rothschild Bankers
http://itmakessenseblog.com/2012/06/18/global-elites-thrown-out-of-iceland-iceland-dismantles-corrupt-govt-then-arrests-all-rothschild-bankers/
Iceland 's Example to the World
http://www.hermes-press.com/iceland_index.htm
America Should Follow Iceland ’s Lead and
Hunt Down The Bankers Who Broke The Law
http://www.classwarfareexists.com/america-should-follow-icelands-lead-and-hunt-down-the-bankers-who-broke-the-law/
Follow Iceland ’s Lead – Jail the Bankers and Help the Citizens
http://www.goldstockbull.com/articles/follow-icelands-lead-jail-the-bankers-and-help-the-citizens/
Iceland Jails Bankers , Erases Citizens ’ Debt , Recovers Strongly : No More Banks !
http://politicalvelcraft.org/2012/07/20/iceland-jails-bankers-erases-citizens-debt-recovers-strongly-no-more-banks/
Iceland got over the recession fast — by jailing the banksters , and bailing out the people
http://markcrispinmiller.com/2012/12/34714/
Iceland ’s Lesson for the World : Control Your Own Currency and Help Your People
http://news.firedoglake.com/2012/06/13/icelands-lesson-for-the-world-control-your-own-currency-and-help-your-people/
Icelandic banker arrests continue – Iceland Dismantles Corrupt Gov’t
Then Arrests All Rothschild Bankers
http://deadlinelive.info/2012/06/20/icelandic-banker-arrests-continue-iceland-dismantles-corrupt-govt-then-arrests-all-rothschild-bankers/
WANTED BY INTERPOL AND COUNTRY OF ICELAND :
Sigurdur Einarsson
Criminal Rothschild Bankster on the Run from Justice .
Interpol Issues Arrest Warrant For Rothschild Banker ; Sigurdur Einarsson .
May be in hiding in Argentina or Bolivia with other Nazis and
other Nazi banksters now on the run .
http://politicalvelcraft.org/2012/10/09/iceland-dismantles-the-corrupt-arrests-10-rothschild-bankers-then-issues-interpol-arrest-warrant-for-rothschild-banker-sigurdur-einarsson/
Interpol Man-hunt for Former Icelandic Rothschild Bank Chief ; Sigurdur Einarsson
Sigurdur Einarsson , the ex-chairman and chief executive of collapsed Icelandic bank Kaupthing ,
is wanted by Interpol on suspicion of forgery and fraud .
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/financialcrisis/7714122/Interpol-hunt-former-Icelandic-bank-chief-Sigurdur-Einarsson.html
The " Federal Reserve " is NOT " America 's " Bank !
The " Federal Reserve " is an ILLEGAL and UNCONSTITUTIONAL
" private " bank owned by eight criminal & mafia " bankster " families
that own in excess of $ 500 Trillion in assets .
The Federal Reserve is no more " Federal "
than the " Federal Express " company is " Federal ! "
The “ Federal Reserve Bank , ” a/k / a " The Fed " is a PRIVATELY - OWNED for - profit
corporation that is OWNED by the following eight criminal & mafia " bankster " families : 1 . Rothschild 's of London and Berlin
2. Lazard Brothers of Paris
3. Israel Moses Seaf of Italy
4. Kuhn , Loeb & Co. of Germany and New York
5. Warburg & Company of Hamburg , Germany
6. Lehman Brothers of New York
7. Goldman , Sachs of New York
8. Rockefeller Brothers of New York
Audit the Fed !
www.AuditTheFed.com and then Abolish the Federal Reserve !
End The Fed
by Dr. Ron Paul , M.D .
Say no to the 20 most - wealthy families and their 1,000 family members - that are no different than the mafia gangsters like Al Capone - are psychopaths and criminals and " control " corporations and people via their " private bank " and planning for their " new world order . "
The Rothschild ( Nazi ) crime family is the leader of the eight Nazi families that own the world 's private banks , including the Federal Reserve bank in the USA .
The Rothschilds $ 500 Trillion The Rothschild family ( alone ) owns ONE - HALF of the world 's wealth .
Their family 's assets EXCEEDS $ 500 Trillion .
And they and their other seven Nazi families , and the " puppets " in the governments they control / own , want to murder > 80 % of the world 's population and have the planet for themselves - as they will make the other 19.9 % of the people on the planet their slaves , making them get " chipped " like a dog , with the " mark of the beast . "
Abolish any Country 's Private Central Bank ( i.e. Rothschild / Rockefeller owned )
and Your Country , Citizens and Economy will Prosper - just like Iceland !
" Follow Iceland " and chart a new course to true liberty
and freedom WITHOUT THE CRIMINAL BANK$ TER $
and their global network / mafia crime syndicates !
Is Ireland Now Following Iceland ’s Lead ?
http://awakeningtothedivine.wordpress.com/2013/02/07/is-ireland-now-following-icelands-lead/
" 95 % of America 's Problems Disappear if we Abolish the Federal Reserve "
By Aaron Russo ~
Thank you Aaron !
R.I.P. Watch Aaron Russo's Documentary :
AMERICA , Freedom to Fascism
The Hidden Evil : Was Aaron Russo Murdered ?
www.TheHiddenEvil.com/article02.asp
LIBOR : London Interbank Offer Rate - Not a Scandal , but a Funeral
Glass - Steagall , The Complete Story
Glass - Steagall Now !
" USA is bankrupt , Glass Steagall NOW "
Lyndon Larouche 's March 8 , 2013 Webcast GLOBAL ELITES THROWN OUT OF ICELAND : Iceland Dismantles Corrupt Gov’t Then Arrests All Rothschild Bankers
http://itmakessenseblog.com/2012/06/18/global-elites-thrown-out-of-iceland-iceland-dismantles-corrupt-govt-then-arrests-all-rothschild-bankers/
Rothschild Banking cabal Defeated By Iceland ’s ‘ We The People ’ : Key Lesson From Iceland Crisis : “ Let Banks Fail ” http://politicalvelcraft.org/2011/11/08/rothschild-banking-cabal-defeated-by-icelands-we-the-people-key-lesson-from-iceland-crisis-%E2%80%9Clet-banks-fail%E2%80%9D/
The International Banking Cabal Must Be Disgorged ~ Libor Scandal
http://politicalvelcraft.org/2013/02/02/its-over-for-the-rothschild-banking-cabal-libor-scandal-new-fomentation-of-war-to-distract-coverup/
The Putrid Smell Suddenly Emanating From LIBOR Rigged European Banks : Lies , Damned Lies , Deutsche Bank Caught Again !
http://politicalvelcraft.org/2013/02/25/the-putrid-smell-suddenly-emanating-from-libor-rigged-european-banks-lies-damned-lies-deutsche-bank-caught-again/
Why Not Get Rid Of The Banks ?
NWO E.U. Experiment Has Failed ~ Follow Iceland !
http://politicalvelcraft.org/2012/10/31/why-not-get-rid-of-the-banks-nwo-e-u-experiment-has-failed-follow-iceland/
Top Economists : Iceland Did It Right … And Everyone Else Is Doing It Wrong
http://www.washingtonsblog.com/2012/08/top-economists-iceland-did-it-right-everyone-else-is-doing-it-wrong.html
Europe can learn from Iceland
http://elpais.com/elpais/2012/12/30/inenglish/1356872867_545377.html
Should Spain follow Iceland in letting banks fail ?
http://netrightdaily.com/2012/10/should-spain-follow-iceland-in-letting-banks-fail/#ixzz2KLqk8uDB
Stephen Kinsella :
We need to follow Iceland 's lead and punish our bankers
http://www.independent.ie/opinion/analysis/stephen-kinsella-we-need-to-follow-icelands-lead-and-punish-our-bankers-28811047.html
Last Lap Dance For Rothschild : Iceland ’s Viking Victory Over The Matrix Banksters !
http://politicalvelcraft.org/2013/02/06/last-lap-dance-for-rothschild-icelands-viking-victory-over-the-matrix-banksters/
America needs to go Icelandic on banksters :
Meet the man behind Iceland ’s revolution & heed his advice
http://freakoutnation.com/2012/07/23/america-needs-to-go-icelandic-on-banksters-meet-the-man-behind-icelands-revolution-heed-his-advice/
The People Must Refuse To Pay Bankster Debts : Iceland Did It
http://notionalvalue.blogspot.com/2012/12/the-people-must-refuse-to-pay-bankster.html#!/2012/12/the-people-must-refuse-to-pay-bankster.html
They 're Doing It Right in Iceland Iceland
A nation ruined by endemic criminal fraud by its central banksters .
http://news.wikinut.com/They-re-Doing-It-Right-in-Iceland/2gldls1k/
Iceland 's Hörður Torfason – How to Beat the Banksters
www.opednews.com/articles/Iceland-s-H-r-ur-Torfaso-by-C-C-121212-712.html
How Iceland defeated the Anglo - American Bankster Mafia
www.theburningplatform.com/?p=44408 IMF Admits Iceland Was Right
http://beforeitsnews.com/banksters/2012/08/imf-admits-iceland-was-right-2431434.html?replytocom=202336
How Iceland stalks its banksters
www.presseurop.eu/en/content/article/2339301-how-iceland-stalks-its-banksters
Iceland Revolution and Arrest of Banksters - A Blueprint for Change
http://crazyemailsandbackstories.wordpress.com/2011/11/27/iceland-revolution-and-arrest-of-banksters-a-blueprint-for-change/
Iceland To The Banksters : Drop Dead
www.therightperspective.org/2010/03/07/iceland-to-the-banksters-drop-dead/
Follow Iceland , Jail the Bankers and Help the Citizens
http://theperiledsea.ning.com/group/economies-collapse/forum/topics/follow-iceland-s-lead-jail-the-bankers
What Iceland Teaches Us : “ Let the Banks Fail ”
http://politicalvelcraft.org/2012/12/02/what-iceland-teaches-us-let-banks-fail/comment-page-1/
Key Lesson From Iceland Crisis : “ Let Banks Fail ”
www.ritholtz.com/blog/2011/11/key-lesson-from-iceland-crisis-“let-banks-fail”/
Rothschild ’s Handbook For Banker ’s World Control : Elders Of Zion
http://politicalvelcraft.org/2012/11/26/rothschilds-handbook-for-bankers-world-control/
Iceland , the Mouse that Roared
www.szandorblestman.com/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=110:iceland-the-mouse-that-roared
DESTROY THE EVIL ESTABLISHMENT WITH A GLOBAL GLASS - STEAGALL SYSTEM
It would be better if leaders found the courage to openly admit what is now obvious :
The global breakdown - crisis of the financial system is out of control ; it is global ; there is a danger of a meltdown of the financial system and the real economy , which threatens to dwarf the Crash of 1929 and the subsequent Great Depression — and that governments have no idea what to do .
Breakdown Crisis Out of Control : Urgent Appeal for a Global Glass - Steagall System ~ The Glass - Steagall Solution ~
Faced with this existential threat , there is only one way out : a global , two - tier banking system in the tradition of the U.S. Glass - Steagall Act of 1933 .
The bill for a new Glass - Steagall Act , H.R. 1489 , which was introduced by Democratic Rep. Marcy Kaptur ( D - Ohio ) in the U.S. House of Representatives , is now being cosponsored by 32 other Congressmen , and supported by the national trade union federation , the AFL - CIO ; the National Farmers ' Union ( NFU ) ; and numerous regional and local trade union and party institutions , city councils , etc .
I enumerate the necessary emergency measure :
1 . All the countries of the trans -Atlantic region must adopt legislation for a two - tier banking system , based on Franklin D. Roosevelt 's Glass - Steagall Act of June 16 , 1933 , the principles of which also existed in European countries until the early 1980s , with strict regulations under which the banking sector primarily had the character of industrial banks , and private savings could not be used for risky speculative operations .
As was the case before the repeal of Glass - Steagall in 1999 by the Gramm - Leach - Bliley Act , commercial banks , investment banks , and the insurance sector will have to be completely separated from each other .
2 . The commercial banks will have to be placed under state protection ; the investment banks will have to bring their balance sheets into order on their own , without the help of taxpayers ' money , which in practice means that toxic paper in the trillions will have to be written off , even if it leads to the insolvency of the banks .
3 . Those legitimate areas from the old system that deal with the real economy or the productive lives of working people will be identified , and be held valid in the new system .
Some categories of these claims will have to be frozen at first , because of complex interdependencies , and then analyzed by a state institution , valued , and honored .
4 . A national banking system in the tradition of Alexander Hamilton must then issue long - term loans , within the new credit system , with low interest rates for productive investment purposes , which , by an emphasis on increasing energy - flux density and scientific and technical progress , will raise economic productivity .
5 . The participating nations must immediately establish a system of fixed exchange rates .
6 . For the reconstruction of the global economy , long - term cooperation agreements will have to be concluded among sovereign states , whose purpose will be to build well - defined infrastructure and development projects .
These agreements represent de factoa new credit system , a New Bretton Woods system , in the tradition of Roosevelt .
7 . Given the decades - long destruction of industrial and agricultural capacities as a result of the monetarist dogma , beneath the level required for decent living conditions for the world 's current population of around 7 billion , the goal must be to achieve , through a science - driver , the next , higher platform of economic development , as Lyndon LaRouche has formulated this from the standpoint of physical economy .
Join us in directing an urgent appeal to parliaments and governments to fulfill their constitutional duty and to protect the common good of those they represent , by adopting a two - tier banking system immediately .
" Puppet Boy " Barack Hussein Obama's
Indictment and Arrest Coming Soon !
OBAMA'S ARREST TO TAKE PLACE IN NEXT
2 -3 WEEKS .
UPDATE BREAKING NEWS !
Arrest Nancy Pelosi for her Criminal Involvement Knowing that
Barack Hussein Obama was NOT Eligible for Running for President
of the USA or even " Dog Catcher " position in the USA
The Associated Press and Nancy Pelosi
BOTH KNEW Obama was born in Kenya Was the DNC Aware Obama was Born in Kenya ?
YES , as evidenced by Nancy Pelosi's " certification ! " Barack Hussein Obama :
Rothschild 's Choice for President
Buy the book :
Rothschild 's Choice
By Texe Marrs Click here to buy at Amazon :
http://www.amazon.com/Rothschilds-Choice-Barack-Hidden-America/dp/1930004540
Article by Texe Marrs :
The Rothschild 's Choice http://www.texemarrs.com/rothschilds_choice_article.htm
Iceland and it's citizens WIN ,
Private Bank$ters Lose !
Watch the Thrive Movement Documentary : THRIVE : What On Earth Will It Take ?
www.thrivemovement.com
Visit www.thrivemovement.com for more information on THRIVE .
THRIVE uses the Yekra player technology .
See www.yekra.com for more information .
Federal Reserve Cartel - The Eight Families
http://politicalvelcraft.org/federal-reserve-1/
Why you are a slave .
Rothschild 's own you !
End The FED !
Rothschilds and the Federal Reserve
The Rothschilds Exposed 1/3
The Rothschilds Exposed 2/3
The Rothschilds Exposed 3/3 Ron Paul : You 're Not FREE if you Can't Secede
from an Oppressive Government
Congressman Ron Paul's Farewell Speech to Congress
Sheriffs Stand TALL for the Constitution
Campaign For Liberty
www.CampaignForLiberty .
org Why The Truth About Iceland Is So Dangerous To The U.S. Is obama the Biblical " Lord of the Flies " ?
http://www.wnd.com/2013/01/is-obama-biblical-lord-of-the-flies/
Obama & The Lord Of The Flies - Satan
The Lord of the Flies is on Fire
Is Obama Beelzebub Lord of the Flies ?
KING OBAMA - ' LORD OF THE FLIES ' 2013 Follow Iceland and Lock These Bastards Up " The bank hath benefit of interest on all moneys which it creates out of nothing . "
~ William Paterson , founder of the Bank of England in 1694 , then a privately owned bank .
" Let me issue and control a nation 's money and I care not who writes the laws . "
~ Mayer Amschel Rothschild ( 1744 - 1812 ) and founder of the House of Rothschild .
" The few who understand the system will either be so interested in its profits or be so dependent upon its favors that there will be no opposition from that class , while on the other hand , the great body of people , mentally incapable of comprehending the tremendous advantage that capital derives from the system , will bear its burdens without complaint , and perhaps without even suspecting that the system is inimical to their interests . "
~ The Rothschild brothers of London writing to associates in New York , 1863 .
" Banking was conceived in iniquity and was born in sin .
The Bankers own the Earth .
Take it away from them , but leave them the power to create deposits , and with the flick of a pen they will create enough deposits to buy it back again .
However , take it away from them , and all the fortunes like mine will disappear , and they ought to disappear , for this world would be a happier and better world to live in .
But if you wish to remain slaves of the Bankers and pay for the cost of your own slavery , let them continue to create deposits . "
~ Sir Josiah Stamp , President of the Bank of England in the 1920s , the second richest man in Britain
" I am afraid the ordinary citizen will not like to be told that the banks can and do create money .
And they who control the credit of the nation direct the policy of Governments and hold in the hollow of their hand the destiny of the people . "
~ Reginald McKenna , as Chairman of the Midland Bank , addressing stockholders in 1924
" The banks do create money .
They have been doing it for a long time , but they did n't realise it , and they did not admit it .
Very few did .
You will find it in all sorts of documents , financial textbooks , etc .
But in the intervening years , and we must be perfectly frank about these things , there has been a development of thought , until today I doubt very much whether you would get many prominent bankers to attempt to deny that banks create it . "
~ H W White , Chairman of the Associated Banks of New Zealand , to the New Zealand Monetary Commission , 1955
" I believe that banking institutions are more dangerous to our liberties than standing armies . "
~ Thomas Jefferson , US President 1801 - 1809
" When a government is dependent upon bankers for money , they and not the leaders of the government control the situation , since the hand that gives is above the hand that takes .
Money has no motherland ; financiers are without patriotism and without decency ; their sole object is gain . "
~ Napoleon Bonaparte , Emperor of France .
" If the American people ever allow private banks to control issue of their currency , first by inflation , then by deflation , the banks and the corporations will grow up around them , will deprive the people of all property until their children wake up homeless on the continent their fathers conquered .
The issuing power should be taken from the banks and restored to the people , to whom it properly belongs . "
~ Thomas Jefferson in the debate over The Re-charter of the Bank Bill ( 1809 )
" Money plays the largest part in determining the course of history . "
~ Karl Marx writing in the Communist Manifesto ( 1848 )
" The government should create , issue and circulate all the currency and credits needed to satisfy the spending power of the government and the buying power of consumers .
By adoption of these principles , the taxpayers will be saved immense sums of interest .
Money will cease to be master and become the servant of humanity . "
~ Abraham Lincoln , US President 1861 - 1865 .
He created government issue money during the American Civil War and was assassinated in 1865 by John Wilkes Booth
" The death of Lincoln was a disaster for Christendom .
There was no man in the United States great enough to wear his boots and the bankers went anew to grab the riches .
I fear that foreign bankers with their craftiness and tortuous tricks will entirely control the exuberant riches of America and use it to systematically corrupt civilization . "
~ Otto von Bismark ( 1815 - 1898 ) , German Chancellor , after the Lincoln assassination
" That this House considers that the continued issue of all the means of exchange - be they coin , bank - notes or credit , largely passed on by cheques - by private firms as an interest - bearing debt against the public should cease forthwith ; that the Sovereign power and duty of issuing money in all forms should be returned to the Crown , then to be put into circulation free of all debt and interest obligations . "
~ Captain Henry Kerby MP , in an Early Day Motion tabled in 1964
" Banks lend by creating credit .
They create the means of payment out of nothing . "
~ Ralph M Hawtry , former Secretary to the Treasury
" our whole monetary system is dishonest , as it is debt - based ...
We did not vote for it .
It grew upon us gradually but markedly since 1971 when the commodity - based system was abandoned . "
~ The Earl of Caithness , in a speech to the House of Lords , 1997
" Money is a new form of slavery , and distinguishable from the old simply by the fact that it is impersonal - that there is no human relation between master and slave . "
~ Leo Tolstoy , Russian author and writer
" It is well enough that people of the nation do not understand our banking and money system , for if they did , I believe there would be a revolution before tomorrow morning . "
~ Henry Ford , founder of the Ford Motor Company
" The modern banking system manufactures money out of nothing .
The process is , perhaps , the most astounding piece of sleight of hand that was ever invented .
Banks can in fact inflate , mint and un -mint the modern ledger - entry currency . "
~ Major L L B Angus
" The study of money , above all other fields in economics , is one in which complexity is used to disguise truth or to evade truth , not to reveal it .
The process by which banks create money is so simple the mind is repelled .
With something so important , a deeper mystery seems only decent . "
~ John Kenneth Galbraith ( 1908 - 2006 ) former professor of economics at Harvard , writing in ' Money :
Whence it came , where it went ' ( 1975 )
Just because the Federal Reserve calls itself " Federal " does NOT make them a part of our Federal government .
In fact , the Federal Reserve is no more " Federal " than the " Federal Express " Corporation !
Here 's what the United States 9th Circuit Court ruled in 1982 " Examining the organization and function of the Federal Reserve Banks , and applying the relevant factors , we conclude that the Reserve Banks are not federal instrumentalities for purposes of the FTCA , but are independent , privately - owned and locally controlled corporations . "
Lewis vs. U.S. , 680 F . 2d 1239 , 1241
" We have in this country one of the most corrupt institutions the world has ever known .
I refer to the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Banks .
Some people think the Federal Reserve Banks are U.S. government institutions .
They are not government institutions .
They are private credit monopolies ; domestic swindlers , rich and predatory money lenders which prey upon the people of the united States for the benefit of themselves and their foreign customers .
The Federal Reserve Banks are the agents of the foreign central banks .
The truth is the Federal Reserve Board has usurped the Government of the United States by the arrogant credit monopoly which operates the Federal Reserve Board . "
~ Congressman Louis T. McFadden , Chairman of the House Banking & Currency Committee , speech on the floor of the House of Representatives , June 10 , 1932
" In the united States we have , in effect , two governments .......
We have the duly constituted Government ...... and then we have an independent , uncontrolled and uncoordinated government in the Federal Reserve System , operating the money powers which are reserved to Congress by the Constitution . "
~ Congressman Wright Patmann , Chairman of the House Banking & Currency Committee , speech in 1967 at the U.S. House of Representatives
" Most Americans have no real understanding of the operation of the international money lenders .......
The accounts of the Federal Reserve System have never been audited .
It operates outside the control of the U.S. Congress and manipulates the credit of the United States . " ~ U.S. Senator Barry Goldwater
" Federal Reserve Notes are illegal " U.S. Representative Dr. Ron Paul
" These international bankers and Rockefeller - Standard Oil interests control the majority of newspapers and the columns of these papers to club into submission or drive out of public office officials who refuse to do the bidding of the powerful corrupt cliques which compose the invisible government . "
~ President Teddy Roosevelt ____________________________
President John F. Kennedy 's " The President and the Press " Speech
Better known as his " Secret Societies " Speech
April 27 , 1961
W aldorf - Astoria Hotel
New York Background on President Kennedy 's Secret Societies speech : About 2 1/ 2 years before his murder / assassination , President Kennedy delivered his powerful " Secret Societies " speech at the Waldorf - Astoria Hotel in New York City at the National News Publishers Association on April 27 , 1961 .
In this speech , President Kennedy called for the end to " secret societies " in our federal government .
It is suspected by many , that this attack on the " secret societies " caused the secret societies to cause President Kennedy 's death by assassination .
The " secret societies " include the Bilderbergs , Bohemian Grove , Free Masons , Skull and Bones , the Federal Reserve , and the Fed 's owners , the international " banksters " that include the Rockefellers , Rothschilds and Bank of England and Bank of International Settlements .
Many believe that President Kennedy was our last " real " President , with every President since President Kennedy being a " puppet " President , hand selected by the secret societies .
President Kennedy 's powerful speech begins below and the following is a complete transcript .
Beginning of President Kennedy 's speech :
Mr. Chairman , ladies and gentlemen :
I appreciate very much your generous invitation to be here tonight .
You bear heavy responsibilities these days and an article I read some time ago reminded me of how particularly heavily the burdens of present day events bear upon your profession .
You may remember that in 1851 the New York Herald Tribune under the sponsorship and publishing of Horace Greeley , employed as its London correspondent an obscure journalist by the name of Karl Marx .
We are told that foreign correspondent Marx , stone broke , and with a family ill and undernourished , constantly appealed to Greeley and managing editor Charles Dana for an increase in his munificent salary of $ 5 per installment , a salary which he and Engels ungratefully labeled as the " lousiest petty bourgeois cheating . "
But when all his financial appeals were refused , Marx looked around for other means of livelihood and fame , eventually terminating his relationship with the Tribune and devoting his talents full time to the cause that would bequeath to the world the seeds of Leninism , Stalinism , revolution and the cold war .
If only this capitalistic New York newspaper had treated him more kindly ; if only Marx had remained a foreign correspondent , history might have been different .
And I hope all publishers will bear this lesson in mind the next time they receive a poverty - stricken appeal for a small increase in the expense account from an obscure newspaper man .
I have selected as the title of my remarks tonight " The President and the Press . "
Some may suggest that this would be more naturally worded " The President Versus the Press . "
But those are not my sentiments tonight .
It is true , however , that when a well - known diplomat from another country demanded recently that our State Department repudiate certain newspaper attacks on his colleague it was unnecessary for us to reply that this Administration was not responsible for the press , for the press had already made it clear that it was not responsible for this Administration .
Nevertheless , my purpose here tonight is not to deliver the usual assault on the so - called one party press .
On the contrary , in recent months I have rarely heard any complaints about political bias in the press except from a few Republicans .
Nor is it my purpose tonight to discuss or defend the televising of Presidential press conferences .
I think it is highly beneficial to have some 20,000,000 Americans regularly sit in on these conferences to observe , if I may say so , the incisive , the intelligent and the courteous qualities displayed by your Washington correspondents .
Nor , finally , are these remarks intended to examine the proper degree of privacy which the press should allow to any President and his family .
If in the last few months your White House reporters and photographers have been attending church services with regularity , that has surely done them no harm .
On the other hand , I realize that your staff and wire service photographers may be complaining that they do not enjoy the same green privileges at the local golf courses which they once did .
It is true that my predecessor did not object as I do to pictures of one 's golfing skill in action .
But neither on the other hand did he ever bean a Secret Service man .
My topic tonight is a more sober one of concern to publishers as well as editors .
I want to talk about our common responsibilities in the face of a common danger .
The events of recent weeks may have helped to illuminate that challenge for some ; but the dimensions of its threat have loomed large on the horizon for many years .
Whatever our hopes may be for the future -- for reducing this threat or living with it -- there is no escaping either the gravity or the totality of its challenge to our survival and to our security - - a challenge that confronts us in unaccustomed ways in every sphere of human activity .
This deadly challenge imposes upon our society two requirements of direct concern both to the press and to the President -- two requirements that may seem almost contradictory in tone , but which must be reconciled and fulfilled if we are to meet this national peril .
I refer , first , to the need for far greater public information ; and , second , to the need for far greater official secrecy .
The very word " secrecy " is repugnant in a free and open society ; and we are as a people inherently and historically opposed to secret societies , to secret oaths and to secret proceedings .
We decided long ago that the dangers of excessive and unwarranted concealment of pertinent facts far outweighed the dangers which are cited to justify it .
Even today , there is little value in opposing the threat of a closed society by imitating its arbitrary restrictions .
Even today , there is little value in insuring the survival of our nation if our traditions do not survive with it .
And there is very grave danger that an announced need for increased security will be seized upon by those anxious to expand its meaning to the very limits of official censorship and concealment .
That I do not intend to permit to the extent that it ’s in my control .
And no official of my Administration , whether his rank is high or low , civilian or military , should interpret my words here tonight as an excuse to censor the news , to stifle dissent , to cover up our mistakes or to withhold from the press and the public the facts they deserve to know .
But I do ask every publisher , every editor , and every newsman in the nation to reexamine his own standards , and to recognize the nature of our country 's peril .
In time of war , the government and the press have customarily joined in an effort based largely on self - discipline , to prevent unauthorized disclosures to the enemy .
In times of " clear and present danger , " the courts have held that even the privileged rights of the First Amendment must yield to the public 's need for national security .
Today no war has been declared and however fierce the struggle may be , it may never be declared in the traditional fashion .
Our way of life is under attack .
Those who make themselves our enemy are advancing around the globe .
The survival of our friends is in danger .
And yet no war has been declared , no borders have been crossed by marching troops , no missiles have been fired .
If the press is awaiting a declaration of war before it imposes the self - discipline of combat conditions , then I can only say that no war ever posed a greater threat to our security .
If you are awaiting a finding of " clear and present danger , " then I can only say that the danger has never been more clear and its presence has never been more imminent .
It requires a change in outlook , a change in tactics , a change in missions -- by the government , by the people , by every businessman or labor leader , and by every newspaper .
For we are opposed around the world by a monolithic and ruthless conspiracy that relies primarily on covert means for expanding its sphere of influence -- on infiltration instead of invasion , on subversion instead of elections , on intimidation instead of free choice , on guerrillas by night instead of armies by day .
It is a system which has conscripted vast human and material resources into the building of a tightly knit , highly efficient machine that combines military , diplomatic , intelligence , economic , scientific and political operations .
Its preparations are concealed , not published .
Its mistakes are buried , not headlined .
Its dissenters are silenced , not praised .
No expenditure is questioned , no rumor is printed , no secret is revealed .
It conducts the Cold War , in short , with a war - time discipline no democracy would ever hope or wish to match .
Nevertheless , every democracy recognizes the necessary restraints of national security -- and the question remains whether those restraints need to be more strictly observed if we are to oppose this kind of attack as well as outright invasion .
For the facts of the matter are that this nation 's foes have openly boasted of acquiring through our newspapers information they would otherwise hire agents to acquire through theft , bribery or espionage ; that details of this nation 's covert preparations to counter the enemy 's covert operations have been available to every newspaper reader , friend and foe alike ; that the size , the strength , the location and the nature of our forces and weapons , and our plans and strategy for their use , have all been pinpointed in the press and other news media to a degree sufficient to satisfy any foreign power ; and that , in at least in one case , the publication of details concerning a secret mechanism whereby satellites were followed required its alteration at the expense of considerable time and money .
The newspapers which printed these stories were loyal , patriotic , responsible and well - meaning .
Had we been engaged in open warfare , they undoubtedly would not have published such items .
But in the absence of open warfare , they recognized only the tests of journalism and not the tests of national security .
And my question tonight is whether additional tests should not now be adopted .
That question is for you alone to answer .
No public official should answer it for you .
No governmental plan should impose its restraints against your will .
But I would be failing in my duty to the nation , in considering all of the responsibilities that we now bear and all of the means at hand to meet those responsibilities , if I did not commend this problem to your attention , and urge its thoughtful consideration .
On many earlier occasions , I have said -- and your newspapers have constantly said -- that these are times that appeal to every citizen 's sense of sacrifice and self - discipline .
They call out to every citizen to weigh his rights and comforts against his obligations to the common good .
I cannot now believe that those citizens who serve in the newspaper business consider themselves exempt from that appeal .
I have no intention of establishing a new Office of War Information to govern the flow of news .
I am not suggesting any new forms of censorship or new types of security classifications .
I have no easy answer to the dilemma that I have posed , and would not seek to impose it if I had one .
But I am asking the members of the newspaper profession and the industry in this country to reexamine their own responsibilities , to consider the degree and the nature of the present danger , and to heed the duty of self - restraint which that danger imposes upon us all .
Every newspaper now asks itself , with respect to every story : " Is it news ? "
All I suggest is that you add the question : " Is it in the interest of the national security ? "
And I hope that every group in America -- unions and businessmen and public officials at every level will ask the same question of their endeavors , and subject their actions to the same exacting tests .
And should the press of America consider and recommend the voluntary assumption of specific new steps or machinery , I can assure you that we will cooperate whole - heartedly with those recommendations .
Perhaps there will be no recommendations .
Perhaps there is no answer to the dilemma faced by a free and open society in a cold and secret war .
In times of peace , any discussion of this subject , and any action that results , are both painful and without precedent .
But this is a time of peace and peril which knows no precedent in history .
It is the unprecedented nature of this challenge that also gives rise to your second obligation -- an obligation which I share and that is our obligation to inform and alert the American people to make certain that they possess all the facts that they need , and understand them as well -- the perils , the prospects , the purposes of our program and the choices that we face .
No President should fear public scrutiny of his program .
For from that scrutiny comes understanding ; and from that understanding comes support or opposition and both are necessary .
I am not asking your newspapers to support the Administration , but I am asking your help in the tremendous task of informing and alerting the American people .
For I have complete confidence in the response and dedication of our citizens whenever they are fully informed .
I not only could not stifle controversy among your readers -- I welcome it .
This Administration intends to be candid about its errors ; for as a wise man once said : " An error does not become a mistake until you refuse to correct it . "
We intend to accept full responsibility for our errors and we expect you to point them out when we miss them .
Without debate , without criticism , no Administration and no country can succeed and no republic can survive .
That is why the Athenian lawmaker Solon decreed it a crime for any citizen to shrink from controversy .
And that is why our press was protected by the First Amendment -- the only business in America specifically protected by the Constitution - - not primarily to amuse and entertain , not to emphasize the trivial and the sentimental , not to simply " give the public what it wants " -- but to inform , to arouse , to reflect , to state our dangers and our opportunities , to indicate our crises and our choices , to lead , mold , educate and sometimes even anger public opinion .
This means greater coverage and analysis of international news -- for it is no longer far away and foreign but close at hand and local .
It means greater attention to improved understanding of the news as well as improved transmission .
And it means , finally , that government at all levels , must meet its obligation to provide you with the fullest possible information outside the narrowest limits of national security -- and we intend to do it .
It was early in the Seventeenth Century that Francis Bacon remarked on three recent inventions already transforming the world : the compass , gunpowder and the printing press .
Now the links between the nations first forged by the compass have made us all citizens of the world , the hopes and threats of one becoming the hopes and threats of us all .
In that one world 's efforts to live together , the evolution of gunpowder to its ultimate limit has warned mankind of the terrible consequences of failure .
And so it is to the printing press -- to the recorder of man 's deeds , the keeper of his conscience , the courier of his news -- that we look for strength and assistance , confident that with your help man will be what he was born to be : free and independent .
End of President Kennedy's April 27 , 1961 speech _____________________________
USA - Where the " Big Government " is owned by the Private Bank$ters , and the so - called " President 's are nothing but PUPPETS that are OWNED by these Bank$ters ..... and these Bank$ters also own the Republicrats and Demopublican political parties , as well as Congress , the Supreme Court AND America 's Military and " Military Industrial Complex " - just what President Eisenhower warned us about in 1961 and President Kennedy attempted to stop in his Presidency , and why these criminal Bank$ters murdered President Kennedy .
The Bank$ters , their minions and track record are proof positive they are attempting to now implement their New World Order , and their first step - just like every other NAZI / Fascist regime , is to take the people 's means to defend themselves and their families ..... to take their guns .
Iceland and their citizens are now free from ; financial tyranny , financial slavery , debt and preventing their citizens from becoming slaves to the crime syndicate led by the Rothschilds , Rockefellers and THEIR New World Order - that still own America 's " private bank " - the " Federal Reserve " that is no more " Federal " than " Federal Express . "
God 's Plan of Salvation http://bible.org/article/gods-plan-salvation
" Lord , what wilt thou have me to do ? "
Leave not thy chamber this morning without enquiring of the Lord .
" And David enquired of the Lord . " ~ 2 Samuel 5:23
Jesus Is The Son of God !
www.JesusIsTheSonOfGod.com
This following video proves the Federal Reserve is : * Illegal
* Criminal
* Unconstitutional * a PRIVATE bank , owned by international bankers ( Rockefellers ,
Rothschilds , Bilderbergs & the " New World Order , " etc. ) * The President of the U.S.A. is NOT in control of our country !
* The President of the U.S.A. is nothing but a " PUPPET "
who is " controlled " by : - the " Federal Reserve "
- the Secretary of the Treasury , and
- the international crime syndicate
( the international " banksters " )
The Federal Reserve is no more " federal " than " Federal Express . "
The international bankers want to turn EVERY person into a " slave . "
In fact , the Federal Reserve has ALREADY " enslaved "
EVERY American ( through Social Security )
YOU NEED TO WATCH THIS VIDEO !
Will you help us take back our country and
Abolish the Federal Reserve ?
It 's time to Restore the Republic !
It 's time to ARREST all international bankers
that have perpetrated this FRAUD , and MURDERED
MILLIONS of people .
It 's time to STOP the new world order from
going any further with their EVIL plan .
It 's time to Return to the Constitution !
Step 1 : Support Ron Paul and the " Campaign for Liberty "
www.CampaignForLiberty.org
Step 2 : Abolish the Federal Reserve
Step 3 : throw out the voting machines and return to Paper Ballots .
Step 4 : all vote counting is conducted at the local precincts -
which is open and witnessed by the Public and the local media .
Step 5 : WAKE UP !
Get informed , and NOT by watching the " controlled " news on your television
or in your town 's newspaper .
Un - plug / throw out your television set with its mind - numbing programming
which is only meant to dumb - you down and keep you " asleep . "
Terminate cable .
End your newspaper subscription .
Cancel your magazine subscriptions .
Get the " real news : by going to Patriot 's sites , including : www.Breitbart.com www.DrudgeReport.com and Alex Jones ' www.Infowars.com Evidence of Revision - The Assassinations of
Kennedy and Oswald ( Full Movie ) Italian parties to unite with ITCCS , confront Vatican Who Are The Banksters ?
– The Finale
www.dethronethebanksters.com/who-are-the-banksters-the-finale/
Jacob Rothschild - New World Order Nazi Scum Jacob Rothschild - New World Order Nazi Scum
Nat Rothschild a /k / a " Puggy " - a " spooky freak of nature " and
New World Order Nazi Scum US Government Found GUILTY
Of
Murdering Martin Luther King Jr The Turning Point - Full Film The New World Order a /k / a the International Bankers The International Bankers : The Federal Reserve - NOT America 's Bank
The Federal Reserve is Owned By the International Bankers David Rockefeller & Rockefeller Family The Rothschilds The Bank of England and managed and controlled by :
The Trilateral Commission The Council on Foreign Relations George Soros The Federal Reserve is the Biggest Fraud Ever Perpetrated
Against America and Americans The Abolish the Federal Reserve Act , H.R. 833
as Introduced in the U.S. House of Representatives by Dr. Ron Paul
Before the US House of Representatives , February 4 , 2009 , introducing the The Federal Reserve Board Abolition Act , H.R. 833 .
Madame Speaker , I rise to introduce legislation to restore financial stability to America 's economy by abolishing the Federal Reserve .
Since the creation of the Federal Reserve , middle and working - class Americans have been victimized by a boom - and - bust monetary policy .
In addition , most Americans have suffered a steadily eroding purchasing power because of the Federal Reserve 's inflationary policies .
This represents a real , if hidden , tax imposed on the American people .
From the Great Depression , to the stagflation of the seventies , to the current economic crisis caused by the housing bubble , every economic downturn suffered by this country over the past century can be traced to Federal Reserve policy .
The Fed has followed a consistent policy of flooding the economy with easy money , leading to a misallocation of resources and an artificial " boom " followed by a recession or depression when the Fed - created bubble bursts .
With a stable currency , American exporters will no longer be held hostage to an erratic monetary policy .
Stabilizing the currency will also give Americans new incentives to save as they will no longer have to fear inflation eroding their savings .
Those members concerned about increasing America 's exports or the low rate of savings should be enthusiastic supporters of this legislation .
Though the Federal Reserve policy harms the average American , it benefits those in a position to take advantage of the cycles in monetary policy .
The main beneficiaries are those who receive access to artificially inflated money and / or credit before the inflationary effects of the policy impact the entire economy .
Federal Reserve policies also benefit big spending politicians who use the inflated currency created by the Fed to hide the true costs of the welfare - warfare state .
It is time for Congress to put the interests of the American people ahead of special interests and their own appetite for big government .
Abolishing the Federal Reserve will allow Congress to reassert its constitutional authority over monetary policy .
The United States Constitution grants to Congress the authority to coin money and regulate the value of the currency .
The Constitution does not give Congress the authority to delegate control over monetary policy to a central bank .
Furthermore , the Constitution certainly does not empower the federal government to erode the American standard of living via an inflationary monetary policy .
In fact , Congress ' constitutional mandate regarding monetary policy should only permit currency backed by stable commodities such as silver and gold to be used as legal tender .
Therefore , abolishing the Federal Reserve and returning to a constitutional system will enable America to return to the type of monetary system envisioned by our nation 's founders : one where the value of money is consistent because it is tied to a commodity such as gold .
Such a monetary system is the basis of a true free - market economy .
In conclusion , Mr. Speaker , I urge my colleagues to stand up for working Americans by putting an end to the manipulation of the money supply which erodes Americans ' standard of living , enlarges big government , and enriches well - connected elites , by cosponsoring my legislation to abolish the Federal Reserve .
_____________________________________________
Question :
Why was n't Dr. Paul 's Federal Reserve Board Abolition Act ( above ) UNANIMOUSLY Passed by ALL in the House , Senate and signed into Law by the President ????
The Federal Reserve is the Biggest Fraud ever perpetrated on Americans
The Federal Reserve " owns " America , the economy and every person .
You will never know freedom , liberty , prosperity or justice , until
the Federal Reserve is Abolished !
Give me liberty , or give me death .
Without liberty , there is no life .
Now is the time for all good men ( and women ) to come to the aid of their country !
Is Barack Hussein Obama ; the Anti-Christian , Racist , Liar , muslim , Un - American ,
False Messiah , Baby - Killing Traitor now Guilty of Murder , Treason & a
COVER -UP NOW EVEN BIGGER THAN WATERGATE ???
TREASON IS TREASON !
And a crime so serious , even the " Puppet Presidents " ( every President starting with Lyndon Baines Johnson is a " Puppet " ) of the " international banksters , " if tried and convicted , face the death penalty .
Not only did the Demonrats STEAL the last Presidential election ( Nov 2012 ) they have stolen many elections .
The voting machines are rigged .
Rigged by computer programmers to " fix " the elections as determined by the Puppet Masters - the international banksters / new world order .
Proven voting fraud in elections in U.S.A .
Government programmer testifies voting machines are rigging
elections .
Watch the following testimony in the Ohio State Legislature : Rep. Tom Feeney ( Fmr. Speaker of The House in Florida ) employed this man ; Clifton Eugene Curtis
from Oviedo , FL to " rig " elections and flip them 51 % to 49 % .
Exit polling data was proven to be significantly
different than the published results .
Rep. Feeney was also the lobbyist for Yang Enterprises ,
the company who delivered the program .
Visit http://www.ManifestLiberty.com for more information !
There will NEVER be " peace , prosperity and liberty " as long as
international bankers and foreigners " own " America , Americans
and an Illegal and Unconstitutional Federal Reserve exists .
The Federal Reserve , a PRIVATE Corporation , " owned "
NOT by the U.S. Government , but the International Bankers ,
( Rockefeller's , Rothschild's , etc. ) Prints
" Worthless " Paper ( Federal Reserve Notes ) out of thin air .
You may not have heard much about it , but there ’s a rapidly growing movement sweeping most of the 50 state 's governments and legislatures to fight back against " federal tyranny " that will reassert each state 's own " sovereignty " and stop the uncontrolled expansion of federal government power .
Already , nearly half of the state legislatures are currently considering or having their elected representatives prepare to introduce resolutions to reassert the principles of the 9th and 10th Amendments and the idea that federal power is strictly limited to specific areas detailed in the Constitution and that all other governmental authority rests with the states .
In the version of this bill being considered in Washington state , they appeal to the authority of James Madison in The Federalist who wrote :
” The powers delegated to the federal government are few and defined .
Those which are to remain in the state governments are numerous and indefinite .
The former will be exercised principally on external objects , [ such ] as war , peace , negotiation , and foreign commerce .
The powers reserved to the several states will extend to all the objects which , in the ordinary course of affairs , concern the lives , liberties , and properties of the people . ”
The Founders believed in a balance between state and federal power .
The state sovereignty movement clearly arises from the belief that the balance of power has tilted too far and for too long in the direction of the federal government and that it ’s time to restore that lose balance .
______________________________
" The bank hath benefit of interest on all moneys which it creates out of nothing . "
~ William Paterson , founder of the Bank of England in 1694 , then a privately owned bank .
" Let me issue and control a nation 's money and I care not who writes the laws . "
~ Mayer Amschel Rothschild ( 1744 - 1812 ) and founder of the House of Rothschild .
" The few who understand the system will either be so interested in its profits or be so dependent upon its favors that there will be no opposition from that class , while on the other hand , the great body of people , mentally incapable of comprehending the tremendous advantage that capital derives from the system , will bear its burdens without complaint , and perhaps without even suspecting that the system is inimical to their interests . "
~ The Rothschild brothers of London writing to associates in New York , 1863 .
" Banking was conceived in iniquity and was born in sin .
The Bankers own the Earth .
Take it away from them , but leave them the power to create deposits , and with the flick of a pen they will create enough deposits to buy it back again .
However , take it away from them , and all the fortunes like mine will disappear , and they ought to disappear , for this world would be a happier and better world to live in .
But if you wish to remain slaves of the Bankers and pay for the cost of your own slavery , let them continue to create deposits . "
~ Sir Josiah Stamp , President of the Bank of England in the 1920s , the second richest man in Britain
" I am afraid the ordinary citizen will not like to be told that the banks can and do create money .
And they who control the credit of the nation direct the policy of Governments and hold in the hollow of their hand the destiny of the people . "
~ Reginald McKenna , as Chairman of the Midland Bank , addressing stockholders in 1924
" The banks do create money .
They have been doing it for a long time , but they did n't realise it , and they did not admit it .
Very few did .
You will find it in all sorts of documents , financial textbooks , etc .
But in the intervening years , and we must be perfectly frank about these things , there has been a development of thought , until today I doubt very much whether you would get many prominent bankers to attempt to deny that banks create it . "
~ H W White , Chairman of the Associated Banks of New Zealand , to the New Zealand Monetary Commission , 1955
" I believe that banking institutions are more dangerous to our liberties than standing armies . "
~ Thomas Jefferson , US President 1801 - 1809
" When a government is dependent upon bankers for money , they and not the leaders of the government control the situation , since the hand that gives is above the hand that takes .
Money has no motherland ; financiers are without patriotism and without decency ; their sole object is gain . "
~ Napoleon Bonaparte , Emperor of France .
" If the American people ever allow private banks to control issue of their currency , first by inflation , then by deflation , the banks and the corporations will grow up around them , will deprive the people of all property until their children wake up homeless on the continent their fathers conquered .
The issuing power should be taken from the banks and restored to the people , to whom it properly belongs . "
~ Thomas Jefferson in the debate over The Re-charter of the Bank Bill ( 1809 )
" Money plays the largest part in determining the course of history . "
~ Karl Marx writing in the Communist Manifesto ( 1848 )
" The government should create , issue and circulate all the currency and credits needed to satisfy the spending power of the government and the buying power of consumers .
By adoption of these principles , the taxpayers will be saved immense sums of interest .
Money will cease to be master and become the servant of humanity . "
~ Abraham Lincoln , US President 1861 - 1865 .
He created government issue money during the American Civil War and was assassinated in 1865 by John Wilkes Booth
" The death of Lincoln was a disaster for Christendom .
There was no man in the United States great enough to wear his boots and the bankers went anew to grab the riches .
I fear that foreign bankers with their craftiness and tortuous tricks will entirely control the exuberant riches of America and use it to systematically corrupt civilization . "
~ Otto von Bismark ( 1815 - 1898 ) , German Chancellor , after the Lincoln assassination
" That this House considers that the continued issue of all the means of exchange - be they coin , bank - notes or credit , largely passed on by cheques - by private firms as an interest - bearing debt against the public should cease forthwith ; that the Sovereign power and duty of issuing money in all forms should be returned to the Crown , then to be put into circulation free of all debt and interest obligations . "
~ Captain Henry Kerby MP , in an Early Day Motion tabled in 1964
" Banks lend by creating credit .
They create the means of payment out of nothing . "
~ Ralph M Hawtry , former Secretary to the Treasury
" our whole monetary system is dishonest , as it is debt - based ...
We did not vote for it .
It grew upon us gradually but markedly since 1971 when the commodity - based system was abandoned . "
~ The Earl of Caithness , in a speech to the House of Lords , 1997
" Money is a new form of slavery , and distinguishable from the old simply by the fact that it is impersonal - that there is no human relation between master and slave . "
~ Leo Tolstoy , Russian author and writer
" It is well enough that people of the nation do not understand our banking and money system , for if they did , I believe there would be a revolution before tomorrow morning . "
~ Henry Ford , founder of the Ford Motor Company
" The modern banking system manufactures money out of nothing .
The process is , perhaps , the most astounding piece of sleight of hand that was ever invented .
Banks can in fact inflate , mint and un -mint the modern ledger - entry currency . "
~ Major L L B Angus
" The study of money , above all other fields in economics , is one in which complexity is used to disguise truth or to evade truth , not to reveal it .
The process by which banks create money is so simple the mind is repelled .
With something so important , a deeper mystery seems only decent . "
~ John Kenneth Galbraith ( 1908 - 2006 ) former professor of economics at Harvard , writing in ' Money :
Whence it came , where it went ' ( 1975 )
Just because the Federal Reserve calls itself " Federal " does NOT make them a part of our Federal government .
In fact , the Federal Reserve is no more " Federal " than the " Federal Express " Corporation !
Here 's what the United States 9th Circuit Court ruled in 1982
" Examining the organization and function of the Federal Reserve Banks , and applying the relevant factors , we conclude that the Reserve Banks are not federal instrumentalities for purposes of the FTCA , but are independent , privately - owned and locally controlled corporations . "
Lewis vs. U.S. , 680 F . 2d 1239 , 1241
" We have in this country one of the most corrupt institutions the world has ever known .
I refer to the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Banks .
Some people think the Federal Reserve Banks are U.S. government institutions .
They are not government institutions .
They are private credit monopolies ; domestic swindlers , rich and predatory money lenders which prey upon the people of the united States for the benefit of themselves and their foreign customers .
The Federal Reserve Banks are the agents of the foreign central banks .
The truth is the Federal Reserve Board has usurped the Government of the United States by the arrogant credit monopoly which operates the Federal Reserve Board . "
~ Congressman Louis T. McFadden , Chairman of the House Banking & Currency Committee , speech on the floor of the House of Representatives , June 10 , 1932
" In the united States we have , in effect , two governments .......
We have the duly constituted Government ...... and then we have an independent , uncontrolled and uncoordinated government in the Federal Reserve System , operating the money powers which are reserved to Congress by the Constitution . "
~ Congressman Wright Patmann , Chairman of the House Banking & Currency Committee , speech in 1967 at the U.S. House of Representatives
" Most Americans have no real understanding of the operation of the international money lenders .......
The accounts of the Federal Reserve System have never been audited .
It operates outside the control of the U.S. Congress and manipulates the credit of the United States . " ~ U.S. Senator Barry Goldwater
" Federal Reserve Notes are illegal " U.S. Representative Dr. Ron Paul
" These international bankers and Rockefeller - Standard Oil interests control the majority of newspapers and the columns of these papers to club into submission or drive out of public office officials who refuse to do the bidding of the powerful corrupt cliques which compose the invisible government . "
~ President Teddy Roosevelt
______________________________
President John F. Kennedy 's " The President and the Press " Speech
Better known as his " Secret Societies " Speech
April 27 , 1961
Waldorf - Astoria Hotel
New York
About 2 1/2 years before his murder / assassination , President Kennedy delivered his powerful " Secret Societies " speech at the Waldorf - Astoria Hotel in New York City at the National News Publishers Association on April 27 , 1961 .
In this speech , President Kennedy called for the end to " secret societies " in our federal government .
It is suspected by many , that this attack on the " secret societies " caused the secret societies to cause President Kennedy 's death by assassination .
The " secret societies " include the Bilderbergs , Bohemian Grove , Free Masons , Skull and Bones , the Federal Reserve , and the Fed 's owners , the international " banksters " that include the Rockefellers , Rothschilds and Bank of England and Bank of International Settlements .
Many believe that President Kennedy was our last " real " President , with every President since President Kennedy being a " puppet " President , hand selected by the secret societies .
President Kennedy 's powerful speech begins below and the following is a complete transcript .
Mr. Chairman , ladies and gentlemen :
I appreciate very much your generous invitation to be here tonight .
You bear heavy responsibilities these days and an article I read some time ago reminded me of how particularly heavily the burdens of present day events bear upon your profession .
You may remember that in 1851 the New York Herald Tribune under the sponsorship and publishing of Horace Greeley , employed as its London correspondent an obscure journalist by the name of Karl Marx .
We are told that foreign correspondent Marx , stone broke , and with a family ill and undernourished , constantly appealed to Greeley and managing editor Charles Dana for an increase in his munificent salary of $ 5 per installment , a salary which he and Engels ungratefully labeled as the " lousiest petty bourgeois cheating . "
But when all his financial appeals were refused , Marx looked around for other means of livelihood and fame , eventually terminating his relationship with the Tribune and devoting his talents full time to the cause that would bequeath to the world the seeds of Leninism , Stalinism , revolution and the cold war .
If only this capitalistic New York newspaper had treated him more kindly ; if only Marx had remained a foreign correspondent , history might have been different .
And I hope all publishers will bear this lesson in mind the next time they receive a poverty - stricken appeal for a small increase in the expense account from an obscure newspaper man .
I have selected as the title of my remarks tonight " The President and the Press . "
Some may suggest that this would be more naturally worded " The President Versus the Press . "
But those are not my sentiments tonight .
It is true , however , that when a well - known diplomat from another country demanded recently that our State Department repudiate certain newspaper attacks on his colleague it was unnecessary for us to reply that this Administration was not responsible for the press , for the press had already made it clear that it was not responsible for this Administration .
Nevertheless , my purpose here tonight is not to deliver the usual assault on the so - called one party press .
On the contrary , in recent months I have rarely heard any complaints about political bias in the press except from a few Republicans .
Nor is it my purpose tonight to discuss or defend the televising of Presidential press conferences .
I think it is highly beneficial to have some 20,000,000 Americans regularly sit in on these conferences to observe , if I may say so , the incisive , the intelligent and the courteous qualities displayed by your Washington correspondents .
Nor , finally , are these remarks intended to examine the proper degree of privacy which the press should allow to any President and his family .
If in the last few months your White House reporters and photographers have been attending church services with regularity , that has surely done them no harm .
On the other hand , I realize that your staff and wire service photographers may be complaining that they do not enjoy the same green privileges at the local golf courses which they once did .
It is true that my predecessor did not object as I do to pictures of one 's golfing skill in action .
But neither on the other hand did he ever bean a Secret Service man .
My topic tonight is a more sober one of concern to publishers as well as editors .
I want to talk about our common responsibilities in the face of a common danger .
The events of recent weeks may have helped to illuminate that challenge for some ; but the dimensions of its threat have loomed large on the horizon for many years .
Whatever our hopes may be for the future -- for reducing this threat or living with it -- there is no escaping either the gravity or the totality of its challenge to our survival and to our security - - a challenge that confronts us in unaccustomed ways in every sphere of human activity .
This deadly challenge imposes upon our society two requirements of direct concern both to the press and to the President -- two requirements that may seem almost contradictory in tone , but which must be reconciled and fulfilled if we are to meet this national peril .
I refer , first , to the need for far greater public information ; and , second , to the need for far greater official secrecy .
The very word " secrecy " is repugnant in a free and open society ; and we are as a people inherently and historically opposed to secret societies , to secret oaths and to secret proceedings .
We decided long ago that the dangers of excessive and unwarranted concealment of pertinent facts far outweighed the dangers which are cited to justify it .
Even today , there is little value in opposing the threat of a closed society by imitating its arbitrary restrictions .
Even today , there is little value in insuring the survival of our nation if our traditions do not survive with it .
And there is very grave danger that an announced need for increased security will be seized upon by those anxious to expand its meaning to the very limits of official censorship and concealment .
That I do not intend to permit to the extent that it ’s in my control .
And no official of my Administration , whether his rank is high or low , civilian or military , should interpret my words here tonight as an excuse to censor the news , to stifle dissent , to cover up our mistakes or to withhold from the press and the public the facts they deserve to know .
But I do ask every publisher , every editor , and every newsman in the nation to reexamine his own standards , and to recognize the nature of our country 's peril .
In time of war , the government and the press have customarily joined in an effort based largely on self - discipline , to prevent unauthorized disclosures to the enemy .
In times of " clear and present danger , " the courts have held that even the privileged rights of the First Amendment must yield to the public 's need for national security .
Today no war has been declared and however fierce the struggle may be , it may never be declared in the traditional fashion .
Our way of life is under attack .
Those who make themselves our enemy are advancing around the globe .
The survival of our friends is in danger .
And yet no war has been declared , no borders have been crossed by marching troops , no missiles have been fired .
If the press is awaiting a declaration of war before it imposes the self - discipline of combat conditions , then I can only say that no war ever posed a greater threat to our security .
If you are awaiting a finding of " clear and present danger , " then I can only say that the danger has never been more clear and its presence has never been more imminent .
It requires a change in outlook , a change in tactics , a change in missions -- by the government , by the people , by every businessman or labor leader , and by every newspaper .
For we are opposed around the world by a monolithic and ruthless conspiracy that relies primarily on covert means for expanding its sphere of influence -- on infiltration instead of invasion , on subversion instead of elections , on intimidation instead of free choice , on guerrillas by night instead of armies by day .
It is a system which has conscripted vast human and material resources into the building of a tightly knit , highly efficient machine that combines military , diplomatic , intelligence , economic , scientific and political operations .
Its preparations are concealed , not published .
Its mistakes are buried , not headlined .
Its dissenters are silenced , not praised .
No expenditure is questioned , no rumor is printed , no secret is revealed .
It conducts the Cold War , in short , with a war - time discipline no democracy would ever hope or wish to match .
Nevertheless , every democracy recognizes the necessary restraints of national security -- and the question remains whether those restraints need to be more strictly observed if we are to oppose this kind of attack as well as outright invasion .
For the facts of the matter are that this nation 's foes have openly boasted of acquiring through our newspapers information they would otherwise hire agents to acquire through theft , bribery or espionage ; that details of this nation 's covert preparations to counter the enemy 's covert operations have been available to every newspaper reader , friend and foe alike ; that the size , the strength , the location and the nature of our forces and weapons , and our plans and strategy for their use , have all been pinpointed in the press and other news media to a degree sufficient to satisfy any foreign power ; and that , in at least in one case , the publication of details concerning a secret mechanism whereby satellites were followed required its alteration at the expense of considerable time and money .
The newspapers which printed these stories were loyal , patriotic , responsible and well - meaning .
Had we been engaged in open warfare , they undoubtedly would not have published such items .
But in the absence of open warfare , they recognized only the tests of journalism and not the tests of national security .
And my question tonight is whether additional tests should not now be adopted .
That question is for you alone to answer .
No public official should answer it for you .
No governmental plan should impose its restraints against your will .
But I would be failing in my duty to the nation , in considering all of the responsibilities that we now bear and all of the means at hand to meet those responsibilities , if I did not commend this problem to your attention , and urge its thoughtful consideration .
On many earlier occasions , I have said -- and your newspapers have constantly said -- that these are times that appeal to every citizen 's sense of sacrifice and self - discipline .
They call out to every citizen to weigh his rights and comforts against his obligations to the common good .
I cannot now believe that those citizens who serve in the newspaper business consider themselves exempt from that appeal .
I have no intention of establishing a new Office of War Information to govern the flow of news .
I am not suggesting any new forms of censorship or new types of security classifications .
I have no easy answer to the dilemma that I have posed , and would not seek to impose it if I had one .
But I am asking the members of the newspaper profession and the industry in this country to reexamine their own responsibilities , to consider the degree and the nature of the present danger , and to heed the duty of self - restraint which that danger imposes upon us all .
Every newspaper now asks itself , with respect to every story : " Is it news ? "
All I suggest is that you add the question : " Is it in the interest of the national security ? "
And I hope that every group in America -- unions and businessmen and public officials at every level will ask the same question of their endeavors , and subject their actions to the same exacting tests .
And should the press of America consider and recommend the voluntary assumption of specific new steps or machinery , I can assure you that we will cooperate whole - heartedly with those recommendations .
Perhaps there will be no recommendations .
Perhaps there is no answer to the dilemma faced by a free and open society in a cold and secret war .
In times of peace , any discussion of this subject , and any action that results , are both painful and without precedent .
But this is a time of peace and peril which knows no precedent in history .
It is the unprecedented nature of this challenge that also gives rise to your second obligation -- an obligation which I share and that is our obligation to inform and alert the American people to make certain that they possess all the facts that they need , and understand them as well -- the perils , the prospects , the purposes of our program and the choices that we face .
No President should fear public scrutiny of his program .
For from that scrutiny comes understanding ; and from that understanding comes support or opposition and both are necessary .
I am not asking your newspapers to support the Administration , but I am asking your help in the tremendous task of informing and alerting the American people .
For I have complete confidence in the response and dedication of our citizens whenever they are fully informed .
I not only could not stifle controversy among your readers -- I welcome it .
This Administration intends to be candid about its errors ; for as a wise man once said : " An error does not become a mistake until you refuse to correct it . "
We intend to accept full responsibility for our errors and we expect you to point them out when we miss them .
Without debate , without criticism , no Administration and no country can succeed and no republic can survive .
That is why the Athenian lawmaker Solon decreed it a crime for any citizen to shrink from controversy .
And that is why our press was protected by the First Amendment -- the only business in America specifically protected by the Constitution - - not primarily to amuse and entertain , not to emphasize the trivial and the sentimental , not to simply " give the public what it wants " -- but to inform , to arouse , to reflect , to state our dangers and our opportunities , to indicate our crises and our choices , to lead , mold , educate and sometimes even anger public opinion .
This means greater coverage and analysis of international news -- for it is no longer far away and foreign but close at hand and local .
It means greater attention to improved understanding of the news as well as improved transmission .
And it means , finally , that government at all levels , must meet its obligation to provide you with the fullest possible information outside the narrowest limits of national security -- and we intend to do it .
It was early in the Seventeenth Century that Francis Bacon remarked on three recent inventions already transforming the world : the compass , gunpowder and the printing press .
Now the links between the nations first forged by the compass have made us all citizens of the world , the hopes and threats of one becoming the hopes and threats of us all .
In that one world 's efforts to live together , the evolution of gunpowder to its ultimate limit has warned mankind of the terrible consequences of failure .
And so it is to the printing press -- to the recorder of man 's deeds , the keeper of his conscience , the courier of his news -- that we look for strength and assistance , confident that with your help man will be what he was born to be : free and independent .
End of President Kennedy's April 27 , 1961 speech
Is the Enemy in the White House Demon - possessed ?
Bring our boys home from the middle - east ,
no more American blood wasted on heathens & infidels !
Let the uncivilized , war - mongering muslim heathens
do their own fighting and kill each other .
The USA can no longer afford to :
1. waste our treasure - America 's heros
& America 's military assets and resources
2. Waste our dollars
3 . Be the world 's cop Bring our boys ( and girls ) home NOW !
______________________________
The Federal Reserve Bank - an Illegal , Unconstitutional Private Corporation , that has been Stealing Americans " Blind " Since the Federal Reserve Act was Passed ( in Congressional Christmas " Recess " ) in 1913 .
Whoever controls the volume of money in our country is absolute master of all
industry and commerce .
When you realize that the entire system is very easily
controlled , one way or another , by a few powerful men at the top , you will not
have to be told how periods of inflation and depression originate .
~ James Garfield ,
20th President of the United Stated
Assassinated , 1881
The information below is a quote from Representative Louis T. McFadden , who was elected to Congress in 1914 and served until 1934 .
While in Congress , he served as the Chairman of the Committee on Banking and Currency for 12 years , and the following speech was delivered by McFadden while in Congress , and is quoted from the Congressional Record .
It should be noted that he died from " mysterious " causes and twice before his death , there were two assassination attempts on him .
Many consider Rep. Louis McFadden to be an American " hero " for his attempts to abolish the Federal Reserve .
The following is the speech by Rep. Louis T. McFadden , as read into the U.S. Congressional Record : " The Federal Reserve Board , ... , has cheated the Government of the United States and the people of the United States out of enough money to pay the national debt ...
Our people 's money to the extend of $ 1,200,000,000 has within the last few months been shipped abroad to redeem Federal Reserve Notes and to pay other gambling debts of the traitorous Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Banks .
SUMMARY OF QUICK FACTS ABOUT THE FEDERAL RESERVE
1. The Federal Reserve ( or " The Fed " ) is a PRIVATELY OWNED corporation .
Below is the list of the owners of the 12 Central Banks in the USA :
- Rothschild Bank of London
- Rothschild Bank of Berlin
- Lazard Brothers of Paris
- Israel Moses Seif Banks of Italy
- Warburg Bank of Amsterdam
- Warburg Bank of Hamburg
- Lehman Brothers of New York
- Kuhn Loeb Bank of New York
- Goldman , Sachs of New York
- Chase Manhattan Bank of New York
In all , there are about 300 VERY POWERFUL , partly foreign individuals that owns America 's Central Bank , but it is NOT owned or operated by the Citizens of the United States of America - it is a PRIVATELY OWNED corporation .
2 . Although the FED is required to give back most of its PROFITS back to the Treasury Dept. , there is NO ORGANIZATION that has the power to AUDIT the FED ( not even the Congress or the IRS ) .
This creates a HUGE opportunity for " creative accounting " to hide the profit that ROBS the U.S. Tax Payers of hundreds of billions of dollars , in for TRILLIONS of dollars EVERY YEAR .
3 . Every year , a few Congressmen introduced a legislation to AUDIT the FED , and every year , the legislation is defeated .
The owners of the FED is the most powerful , invisible lobbying power there is .
4 . The owners of the FED own the controlling interests in ALL major media in the U.S .
Rockefeller , through Chase Manhattan bank , controls CBS and ABC and 28 other broadcasting firms .
Each of the other owners of the FED also have controlling interest in the U.S. media - that only serves to report the news they ( the " elites " ) want you to know about .
This explains why the media have been silent about the FED scam .
The FED fraud is the biggest fraud and the longest cover - up in the U.S. today !
5. According to Article 1 , Section 8 of the Constitution , the U.S. Congress has the power to print money :
" The
一連の部屋探しの盛り上がりも落ち着いてきてるようなのでここらで書いておこうか
私は以前にも書いたが売買専門の不動産屋であり、競売を専門に扱っていた時期もあるが、ぶちゃけ賃貸のことなんて(ﾟДﾟ)ﾊｧ?ってことが多い、弁護士にも専門分野があるように不動産屋にも専門分野があると思っていただければわかりやすいと思いますが下手に売買や不動産業の知識があるために素人より性質が悪いかもしれない。
そこで細かなことは色々出ているので以下のリンク先を見ていただくとして、注意する点をひとつだけ後に記します。
トラバ先も参考になる記事が多いですね。
大家に嫌がられる可能性はなきにしもあらず
重要事項説明を口頭でしないとかどんだけぇ〜ｗ
上記のブクマコメントにありました。
これも含めて以下のid: Lhankor_Mhyさんが書かれた記事を読まれるとよいでしょう。
売買でもそうですね、メジャーセブン等の大手不動産業社や協会から吸いあがってきた情報等を基に専門の弁護士が判例や社会通念等を考慮検討の後に作成改善している契約書や重要事項説明書をテンプレにしているケースがほとんどではないでしょうか、それは中小零細にもわりと浸透しております。*1
トラバも含めてこの辺りを見ておけば
あなたも部屋を借りるプロになれる！
かもしれな い
そこで気に入った部屋が見つかり重要事項説明までたどり着くとしよう、*2
特に乙区*4抵当権に係わる事項
なぜそれが大切なのかだが、平成16年3月31日以降、短期賃貸借保護制度は廃止されている、これがどういうことかかいつまんで言うと
ほとんどの大家はお金を銀行等から借りて所有しているケースが多い、即ち抵当権が設定されている＝担保として差し出している物件だと言うこと、これの何が問題かと言うと大家が返済を滞った場合は不動産競売にかけられる。
では、あなたが借りている部屋もしくは建物（不動産）が競売にかかるとどうなるか、短期賃貸借保護制度が廃止されている昨今では建物明渡猶予制度により競落人の買受日から６ヶ月間以内に明け渡しをしなければならない、*5当然明け渡しに際して立ち退き料等一切請求できないし敷金も返ってきません*6。かろうじて抵当権者の同意による賃借権に対抗力を与える制度により、建物の競売がなされた際に立退きをすることなく賃貸借を継続できる可能性はありますがそんな手かせ足かせなことはほとんどありません。*7運よく落札者が今後も収益を目当てで落札した場合でも新たに賃貸借契約を交わさなければなりません、と言う事は敷金を新たに入れなければならなかったり賃料が上げられる可能性もあります。
以上のようなことを踏まえると出てゆくときや借りる際の細かな条項も大切ですが抵当権が設定されていることの重要性と言うのが理解できます、抵当権が設定されていない物件の方が正直少ないですから、設定時期や設定金額、共同担保になっているのか確認することが大切です。
私なら、物件評価に分不相応の抵当権が付いているとか根抵当権で共同担保の場合や抵当権者が銀行か銀行系の保証会社ではない場合避けるか貸主の素性を調べます。むしろここしかちゃんと調べないかもしれません、大家業を営んでる人は投資をしている可能性は高いです、株等は信用取引もありみながお金がある訳ではありませんしこれだけの不況下いつ誰がぶっ飛んでもなんら不思議じゃありません。*8
住んでか ら 「いいとこに引っ越せてよかったなー」なんて言って安心していると思わぬ落とし穴が待っているかもしれません、重要事項説明書には抵当権等登記事項証明書に記載されている事を説明記載義務はありますが、大家が飛ぶかどうかの判定は説明義務ありませんからね、最悪記載された登記事実の次の日に差し押さえなんてことにでもなったら笑うしかない、不動産業者に落ち度はありません。
法は弱者のミカタではなく、ニホンノミカタ、サムライには会えません。
12/09/18:00 頃【追記】
家主の借金返済が滞った場合、必ずしも競売になる訳ではありません。任意売却と言いごく普通の売買と同じようにオーナーが変る場合もあります、この場合は基本的に賃貸借契約や敷金等も継承されますので心配ありません。
Sharon Osbourne Under Investigation for Assault
Rock of Love : Charm School hostis being investigated by the LAPD after attacking one of the VH1 reality show contestants on Saturday night .
While taping a reunion show , Megan Hauserman claims that Sharon assaulted her .
She recounts that Osbourne ran across the stage , grabbed her hair and would n't let go and scratched her until the two were separated by security .
The reason for the feud ?
Megan said that while she was responding to a comment that the outspoken host made to her , she came back with a zinger .
She quipped that the only thing that Sharon is famous for is managing a brain dead rock star .
Megan was , of course , referring to legendary musician Ozzy Osbourne .
It must have taken Megan a little time to decide what her recourse would be - but lo and behold she did go to the hospital and made a visit to the police station on Sunday .
Hauserman 's police report has triggered an investigation into the fight .
Do n't expect Sharon to be in much of a scrape here - we 're thinking a couple of slaps on the wrist and a small fine .
Update : Megan Hauserman has filed a lawsuit against Sharon Osbourne for battery , negligence and intentional infliction of emotional distress .
( View the lawsuit )
Photos of Megan below .
Photos : WENN
JavaScript 内で、複数のファイル情報を作って Zip で固めて、 Data URI を生成するライブラリを作ってみました。 ソースは以下の zip.js です 。 http://svn.coderepos.org/share/lang/javascript/Zip/
使うには
以下の base 64.js が必要です 。
http://svn.coderepos.org/share/lang/javascript/Base64/trunk/
この base 64.js は弾さんが作ったものです 。
今回 Zip で使うように、ちょっとチューニングさせていただきました。
A Pakistani TV station has clamed " Hindu Zionists " and the Mossad carried out the Mumbai attacks , which it said were a " botched " imitation of 9/11 .
A Pakistani TV station has claimed " Hindu Zionists " and the Mossad carried out the Mumbai terrorist attacks , which it said were a " botched " imitation of the 9/11 attacks on the United States .
The terrorists looked like Hindus and " no Pakistani speaks the language they chatted in , " said security expert Zaid Hamid on the television 's " I Differ " news channel show .
Hamid said that it was a " badly planned " operation that had gone horribly wrong .
" The Americans executed the 9/11 attack perfectly .
They managed the media very well .
The Indians tried to repeat the formula but goofed up .
The idiots made a complete mess of it , " he argued .
He maintained that that the attackers wore saffron Hindu Zionist bands and that during the first five minutes of the attack , three Indian counterterrorist officers were killed by authorities in order to halt their investigations of a terror network within India 's security agencies .
Another reason to end the probe , he said , was to divert attention to terrorism originating in Pakistan .
Pakistani leaders have rejected criticism for the Mumbai attacks , and President Asif Ali Zardari said his country is not to blame .
He also said that the attack may be a tactic to divert attention from the ongoing war between Pakistan and terrorists .
Interior Ministry advisor Rehman Malik stated , " The Mumbai attacks were designed to force Pakistan to deploy its troops on the country ’s eastern borders , thereby clearing the western borders for infiltration ” into Afghanistan .
The Pakistan Daily Times editorialized that despite the confession of the single terrorist who was not killed by Indian commandos , " ' confessions ' " [ are ] no more credible than ' confessions ' in such situations . "
Someday , someone from my generation is going to want to be president .
And they ’re going to be screwed , but not in the Bill Clinton way .
In the Geoffrey Angleslaugher way .
Who is Geoffrey Angleslaugher ?
Exactly .
Someone painted him fucking a donkey in 1808 and he never even got to the primaries .
If only he ’d made the history books , perhaps you would have thought twice before you let your roommate facebook those 79 pictures of you passed out naked in a bed of vomit .
I ’m not anti-naughty photos .
I get it .
I ’ve been there .
That shot of you making out with your freshman year roommate is really hot .
And it ’ll still be hot , years and years and years and years later .
And , if you ’re really lucky and work really hard , someday , when your old , wrinkling self aspires to a position of public office , well , that photo will be positively flaming .
( Gay !
OMG she ’s totally flaming GAYYY ! )
Yes , kids , we ’re screwed .
Our requisite rebellious years converged perfectly with the advent of cheap digital media .
And holy shit that was awesome .
How liberating was the realization that you could develop nudie photos without wondering whether or not the guy at the local 1 - hour - photo was going to call the cops ?
And take 467 group pics of your friends dressed up as S&M hookers without spending a dime ?
Awesome .
With that great power came no consequences .
At first .
Now , we ’re screwed .
Everyone has a nasty photo or two out there .
Say what you will about Sarah Palin , but I ’d be willing to bet that she ’s had considerably less fun than the rest of us .
But , guaranteed , if the Eskimos had digital cameras when she was a young lass , the blank canvas that is her history would be marred by more than a couple JPGs .
But perhaps those other “ students ” at Matanuska - Susitna Community College could have finally parlayed their educational experience into something profitable .
Deep down , I know that I should n’t be posting up pictures of my best friend in her underwear , taking shots of tequila the night before a big work presentation , somehow I do it anyways .
At least I have the common sense to write these blogs under a pseudonym .
Enlarge File photo by James A. Finley , AP After serving 23 years in prison , Johnny Briscoe wipes tears during a news conference in St. Louis , on July 20 , 2006 , a day after his release .
DNA evidence proved he did n't commit a 1982 rape for which he was serving time .
ST . LOUIS ( AP ) 
A man who spent 23 years in prison for a rape he did n't commit sued St. Louis County and the officers who arrested him , saying investigators ignored inconsistencies in the victim 's description .
Johnny Briscoe , now 54 , was freed in 2006 after DNA evidence exonerated him .
He filed suit earlier this month in U.S. District Court in St. Louis .
The suit claims his constitutional rights were violated and seeks unspecified damages .
" The prime of his life was lost , " Briscoe 's attorney , Burt Newman , said Tuesday .
" When he went into prison he was raising two young children .
When he got out he had grandchildren . "
Spokesmen for St. Louis County and the county police declined to comment .
The crime occurred in October 1982 , in the suburb of Maryland Heights .
A man burglarized a woman 's apartment and raped her when she awoke .
He talked to her a while and gave his name as John Briscoe .
The woman later picked Briscoe 's picture out of a lineup .
But the lawsuit pointed to several inconsistencies .
The victim described the attacker as dark - skinned , about 5 - foot - 8 , with normal teeth and a mustache .
Briscoe is a light - skinned black man and 6 - 2 , and had a gold - capped front tooth and a goatee .
Even so , Briscoe was convicted by an all - white jury .
He said his defense attorney never met with him .
When the case was reopened , DNA on a cigarette butt at the rape scene was found to belong to Larry Smith , an acquaintance of Briscoe 's who is serving a life term for another sexual assault .
Under state law , Briscoe was eligible for up to $ 36,500 in compensation for each year he was wrongly incarcerated , or more than $ 800,000 , but he would have had to agree not to sue .
Newman said the compensation falls short and Briscoe is confident he can win in court .
" Let me put it this way :
If you walked up to someone on the street and asked them to go to prison for $ 36,000 a year , you would n't get many takers , " Newman said .
When Briscoe was released in 2006 , Prosecutor Robert McCulloch called the conviction a " terrible mistake . "
He said the wrong was made worse by years of delay in finding the cigarette evidence in storage after McCulloch requested a review in 2000 .
Newman said Briscoe continues to try to get his life back in order , but often struggles to find work .
" He has an incredible attitude , " Newman said .
" The man is not bitter at all about what has happened .
It 's an inspiration to listen to him talk . "
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
This page is retained for historic interest only .
Read our updated article showcasing the best free Linux video console game emulators .
Emulation refers to the duplication of functions of one system using a different system .
Specifically , an emulator is software specifically written to emulate aspects of the original console or computer , primarily the CPU , I/O and memory system .
This article focuses on selecting the best software which enables a Linux machine to emulate classic video consoles , such as the GameBoy , Nintendo 64 , Megadrive , PlayStation 1 & 2 , and many others .
Please be aware that although all of the software featured in this article is free to download , some of the emulators are not open source .
Other emulators that are worthy of mention include Dolphin , and Snes9x ; the former is a promising Gamecube / Wii emulator in its very early stages of development , the latter is a cross- platform emulator for the SNES .
To provide an insight into the quality of software that is available , we have compiled a list of 21 high quality Linux Video Console emulators .
Hopefully , there will be something of interest for anyone who wishes to have some fun and reminisce about their misspent youth .
Now , let ’s explore the 21 emulators at hand .
For each title we have compiled its own portal page , providing a screenshot of the software in action , a full description with an in - depth analysis of its features , together with links to relevant resources and reviews .
Video Console Emulators DeSMuMe Nintendo DS emulator that aims to be portable FCEUX NTSC and PAL Famicom / NES emulator KiGB Accurate emulator for Gameboy , Gameboy Color and Super Gameboy Mednafen Emulates GameBoy ( Color ) , GameBoy Advance , and other systems Mupen64 Plus Plugin - based N64 emulator Nestopia NES / Famicom emulator TuxBoy Fork of the open source GameBoy / Color emulator gnuboy VisualBoyAdvance Game Boy Advance emulates GBA , GBC , SGB , and GBA roms ZSNES Super Nintendo Entertainment System with advanced features DGen / SDL Virtual environment for Sega Genesis games Gens Sega Megadrive , MegaCD and 32X lxdream Dreamcast emulator Meka Multi machine emulator , originally started as a Sega Master System emulator Yabause Emulator for the Sega Saturn ePSXe Sony PlayStation 1 emulator PCSX Advanced PlayStation ( PSX ) emulator PCSX2 PlayStation 2 emulator pSX Self - contained Sony PlayStation 1 emulator AdvanceMAME Unofficial MAME /MESS versions GnGeo Neo - Geo game platform SDLMAME
Port of the popular emulator MAME
Return to our complete collection of recommended free and open source software including our latest additions .
Related articles
To be sure , these efforts are far less widespread than layoffs , and outright pay cuts still appear to be rare .
Over all , the average hourly pay of rank - and - file workers  who make up about four - fifths of the work force  rose 3.7 percent from November 2007 to last month , according to the latest Labor Department data .
Watson Wyatt , a consulting firm that tracks compensation trends , published survey data last week that found that 23 percent of companies planned layoffs in the next year , down from 26 percent that said they planned to do so in October .
Companies say they are considering other cost cuts , like mandatory holiday shutdowns , salary freezes or cuts , four - day workweeks and reductions of contributions to retirement and health care plans .
Companies seem particularly determined to find alternatives to layoffs in this recession , said Jennifer Chatman , a professor at the Haas School of Business at the University of California , Berkeley .
“ Organizations are trying to cut costs in the name of avoiding layoffs , ” she said .
“ It ’s not just that organizations are saying ‘ we ’re cutting costs , ’ they ’re saying : ‘ we ’re doing this to keep from losing people . ’ ”
She said the tactic builds long - term loyalty among workers who are not laid off and spares the company having to compete again to hire and train anew .
That was part of the thinking at Global Tungsten & Powders , a metal plant in Towanda , Pa. , whose business has dropped 25 percent from a year ago .
The company has already cut overtime and travel , as well as purchases of office supplies and equipment .
It is now allowing and indeed encouraging its 1,000 workers to take unpaid furloughs to stave off more drastic cuts .
“ We have a very skilled and competent work force and the last thing we want to do is lose them when we ’re assuming this economy is going to come back , ” said Craig Reider , the company ’s director of human resources .
Workers , he said , are buying in to the concept .
“ In this holiday season , many employees want to support our efforts here to minimize costs , ” he said .
One of the densest exoplanet to date is a world known as COROT - exo - 3 b .
It is about the size of Jupiter , but 20 times that planet ’s mass , making it about twice as dense as lead .
Scientists have not ruled out that the COROT - exo - 3b may be a brown dwarf , or failed star .
Astronomers have sighted a very dense planet - sized objectthat orbits its parent star in just four days and six hours .
The object , COROT - exo - 3b , fits into the category of afailed star known as a browndwarf , but the team that made the discovery has not ruled out thepossibility that it is a planet .
Brown dwarfs are failedstars .
They burn lithium but are not massive enough to generate thethermonuclear fusion of hydrogen and helium that powers real stars .
Planets donone of that .
" It has puzzled us ; we ?re not sure where to draw theboundary between planets and brown dwarfs , ? said Hans Deeg , an astronomer atthe Instituto de Astrofisica de Canarias ( IAC ) in the Canary Islands , Spain .
The object has a mass 20 times greater than that ofJupiter , but is roughly the same size .
It falls outside the range of planetsand stars discovered to date , with the largest planets having 12 - Jupiter - massand the smallest stars 70 - Jupiter - mass .
If astronomers confirm the object as a planet , it wouldweigh in as the most massive and densest planet foundso far .
A full study will be detailed in the journal Astronomy and Astrophysics .
" COROT - exo - 3 b might turn out to be a rare objectfound by sheer luck " , said Francois Bouchy , an astronomer at the Institutd ' Astrophysique in Paris .
" But it might just be a member of a new - foundfamily of very massive planets that encircle stars more massive than our sun .
We ?re now beginning to think that the more massive the star , the more massivethe planet . "
Ground - based telescopes around the world helped pinpointthe object , including observatories in France , Chile , Germany , Hawaii , Israeland Spain 's Canary Islands .
The hunt for exoplanets has intensified over recentyears , with astronomers usually findingsuch objects indirectly by observing their gravitational influence onparent stars .
Another team showcased what might be the firstdirect image of an exoplanet around a sun-like star in September .
For a long time ( including the entire development of touchDefense ) , I was against the concept of Objective - C 2.0 .
Not that I hate changes , but it seemed a bit arbitrary for Apple to take it on itself to modify Objective - C. Certainly no other company has the same level of investment in ObjC , but Apple does n't have the same legal stranglehold on ObjC that Microsoft has on .NET languages .
It just felt a bit wrong to me .
But when I began working on my newest iPhone application , I decided to go ahead and make the transition to writing my code using the syntactic confections sold at the Objective C 2.0 bakery .
Ideologies be damned , I 'd rather fill up on gas in West Virginia again than write another unnecessary mutator or accessor methods .
From a long - time anti-ObjC 2.0er , these are the reasons I decided to gorge upon the sweet syntatic sugar .
@property .
@property .
@synthesize .
I do n't like the idea of properties , which strikes me as creating unnecessary ambiguity about what you 're actually doing1 .
But , I do love not having to type as much boilerplate code .
Using properties is pretty easy .
Take this ObjC 1.0 interface :
@interface Person : NSObject { NSString * name ; int age ; NSMutableArray * friends ; } - ( void ) setName : ( NSString * ) aName ; - ( NSString * ) name ; - ( void ) setAge : ( int ) anAge ; - ( int ) age ; - ( void ) setFriends : ( NSMutableArray * ) someFriends ; - ( NSMutableArray ) friends ; @end
which has this implementation :
@implementation Person - ( void ) dealloc { [ self setName : nil ] ; [ self setFriends : nil ] ; [ super dealloc ] ; } - ( void ) setName : ( NSString * )
aName { if ( name != nil ) [ name release ] ; name = [ a Name copy ] ; } - ( NSString * ) name { return name ; } - ( void ) setAge : ( int ) anAge { age = anAge ; } - ( int ) age { return age ; } - ( void ) setFriends : ( NSMutableArray * ) someFriends { if ( friends != nil ) [ friends release ] ; friends = [ someFriends retain ] ; } - ( NSMutableArray ) friends { return friends ; } @end
Now that is n't really that hard to write , but after you 've written it a hundred times you 're probably had enough .
Using ObjC 2.0 and properties you can rewrite the interface to look like this :
@interface Person : NSObject { NSString * name ; int * age ; NSMutableArray * friends ; } @property ( readwrite , copy ) NSString * name ; @property ( readwrite , assign ) int age ; @property ( readwrite , retain ) NSMutableArray * friends ; @end
But the real win is for the implementation :
@implementation Person @synthesize name , age , friends ; - ( void ) dealloc { [ self setName : nil ] ; [ self setFriends : nil ] ; [ super dealloc ] ; } @end
Ahhh .
That 's so much shorter .
We do still have to write a dealloc method2 , but we 've compressed a dozen lines of tedious code into one , and that 's a real win for me .
Beyond magically creating mutators and accessors , you can also use attributes as an abbreviation for a field 's mutators and accessors .
Some people may find this to be useful , but to me it seems at best neutral , and did n't weight strongly for my switching to 2.0 .
// is this Person * p = [ [ Person alloc ] init ] ; p . name = @ " Will " ; p . age = 23 ; p . friends = [ [ [ NSMutableArray alloc ] init ] autorelease ] ; NSLog ( @ " Person ( %@ , %d , %@ ) " , p . name , p . age , p . friends ) ; // really better than this ?
Person * p = [ [ Person alloc ] init ] ; [ p setName : @ " Will " ] ; [ p setAge : 23 ] ; [ p setFriends : [ [ [ NSMutableArray alloc ] init ] autorelease ] ] ; NSLog ( @ " Person ( %@ , %d , %@ ) " , [ p name ] , [ p age ] , [ p friends ] ) ;
I do n't buy it .
Not saying it 's worse , but I think that one Swiss Army chainsaw is enough , thank you .
I like Iterators , too .
After properties and synthesize , my next favorite addition has to be iterators .
I 'm glad the genius of Perl , Python , Ruby , Java 1.5 -- pretty much every language in heavy usage -- has come to Objective -C .
In lines of code , the difference between
int i , int l = [ people count ] ; for ( i = 0 ; i < l ; i ++ ) { Person * p = [ people objectAtIndex : i ] ; NSLog ( @ " age : %d " , [ p age ] ) ; }
and
for ( Person * p in people ) { NSLog ( @ " age : %d " , [ p age ] ) ; }
is pretty minimal .
But I think it 's a huge improvement .
First , manually iterating over lists is a great place for catastrophic typos to occur .
But more importantly , when I 'm in the zone cranking on some code , writing an old - style loop breaks my mental stride much more than the new - style loop .
Even if I happen to throw in a typo it'll be something the compiler will catch , whereas with the old - style I have to be more attentive to the syntax itself ( instead of maintaining my focus on what the loop is accomplishing ) .
Everybody 's Doin '
It .
The last reason I moved to Objective C 2.0 is momentum .
Most new projects and new developers ( of which the iPhone has brought many ) are using ObjC 2.0 , are writing example snippets with ObjC 2.0 , and are happy with ObjC 2.0 .
There are some ideological wars I think are worth fighting , but fighting to keep a programming language more open on a completely closed platform just does n't feel like one of them .
So in the end , I suppose it really did n't take much at all to get me to jump off my high horse .
It was probably a bit silly of me to climb on in the first place .
Is anyone else still fighting the good 1.0 fight , or did you have different reasons for deciding to switch to 2.0 ?
Reports from the Mediterranean indicate that two of the undersea cables severed and repaired earlier this year have been cut again , disrupting internet access and phone service between the Middle East , Europe , and parts of Asia .
An additional third cable is down in the same region .
The cuts are causing traffic to be re-routed through the United States and elsewhere .
Egypt 's communications ministry tells the Associated Press that the outage has almost completely killed internet services throughout Egypt .
A second report indicates that the three cables that are out include the SEA - ME - WE 4 cable ( also known as SMW4 ) , which went out at 7:28 a.m. local time Friday morning ; SEA -ME - WE 3 , which went down at 7:33 a.m. ; and the FLAG EA cable , which went out at 8:06 a.m .
The cables were cut in the region where they run under the sea between Egypt and Italy .
They carry an estimated 90 percent of all data traffic between Europe and the Middle East .
SMW 3 and SMW 4 are owned by groups of phone companies ; FLAG is owned by Reliance Globalcom .
The SMW 4 and FLAG cables were among five undersea cables damaged earlier this year in January and February in the Mediterranean , launching a flurry of conspiracy theories before investigations revealed that at least one of the cuts was caused by a ship 's anchor .
When those cables went down , SMW 3 was used to re-route traffic .
But this time , SMW 3 is reportedly involved in the outage as well .
A France Telecom report listed 14 countries affected by the current problem .
The Maldives are 100 percent down , followed by India , which has 82 percent disruption .
Qatar , Djibouti and the United Arab Emirates were the next most widely affected areas with about 70 percent service interrupted .
Disruptions for Saudi Arabia , Egypt and Pakistan range from 51 percent to 55 percent .
UPDATE : As reader Julian Borg Barthet notes in the comments section , a fourth undersea cable went out Thursday evening in the same region .
The cable , the Seabone , is operated by GO and runs between Malta and Sicily .
According to the Times of Malta , GO transferred traffic to a second cable operated by Vodafone .
It was the second time in four months that the Seabone cable had failed .
See Also :
( CNN ) -- President - elect Barack Obama spoke with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice on Saturday about the violence in Gaza , which has left as many as 225 people dead , two transition aides told CNN .
Barack Obama 's approach to the Middle East as president will be the subject of much scrutiny .
" The president - elect appreciated the call and the information from Secretary Rice , " one aide said , adding that Obama initiated the eight - minute phone call .
" He will continue to closely monitor these and other global events . "
Israeli airstrikes pounded targets in Hamas - ruled Gaza on Saturday and continued into the night , retaliating against Palestinian militants who have been escalating rocket attacks against southern Israel .
The fighting ignited eight days after a six - month Egypt - brokered cease - fire between Hamas and Israel expired .
Obama has pledged to make Middle East peace a priority from the beginning of his presidency .
Arabs are calling for a more even - handed approach than the Bush administration , but Israel is expecting Obama to stay true to the pro-Israel posture he showed during the campaign .
But one analyst of the Israeli - Palestinian conflict cautioned against putting " dangerously high " expectations on the incoming administration .
Do n't Miss Israel vows to keep up Gaza attacks
" I think the tone of American politics will change :
You 're going to get a serious effort on behalf of the new administration , " said Aaron David Miller , a public policy scholar at the Washington - based Woodrow Wilson International Center and a former adviser to six secretaries of state on Arab - Israeli relations .
But , he told CNN , " the fact is that unless the Israelis and Palestinians are prepared -- which they 're not right now -- to take the political decisions required to overcome the gaps and to sell an agreement to their respective constituents , there 's not much a new president , no matter how bold or charismatic he may be , is going to be able to do about that . "
CNN 's Ed Henry contributed to this report .
All About Barack Obama • Condoleezza Rice • Gaza
A security guard who shot and killed a man wielding samurai swords on the grounds of a Scientology facility in Hollywood will not face criminal charges , the Los Angeles County district attorney ’s office said Wednesday .
The decision by prosecutors was in line with the conclusion of Los Angeles police detectives , who determined that the guard , a 64 - year - old retired Seal Beach police officer , acted in defense of himself and other guards at the church ’s Celebrity Centre .
A former Scientologist , Mario Majorski , 48 , died from a single gunshot wound in the Nov. 23 incident .
Majorski , a Hollywood native who had moved to Oregon several years ago , had driven a rented convertible onto the church grounds and confronted the guards with swords .
According to a prosecutor ’s report , Majorski threatened the guards and said “ something about revenge . ”
He dropped one sword and began walking back to his car , but then unsheathed a second sword and said he would kill anyone who tried to arrest him , the report stated .
The guard shot him after he made “ one last run ” with the sword at the guards , according to the report .
Det. Wendi Berndt said security videotape left no doubt that the guard was justified in shooting Majorski .
Advertisement
“ The video is so very , very , very vivid , ” she said .
“ This man was mentally ill , and it ’s just a wonder he did n’t kill people . ”
Majorski had made at least a dozen threatening phone calls to Scientology offices in Oregon and California , according to the church .
Berndt said detectives interviewed Majorski ’s relatives and compiled information about recent run-ins with the law , including an incident in which he threatened an Oregon judge and another in which he was accused of threatening a tow truck driver .
-- Harriet Ryan
Gov. Rod Blagojevich ’s arrest makes me laugh a little .
Not just because he tried to sell Obama ’s seat , but also because I happen to have been born and grew up in Chicago ’s suburbs , and it ’s always fun to hear about corruption going on back home .
With all the fuss over the Senate seat and the Tribune Company ’s editorial board and the five - year investigation that ’s been going on and Rod ’s wife ’s potty mouth … I decided to check in on Blago ’s environmental record .
[ social_buttons ]
>> More from Green Options on environmental issues in Illinois
Turns out that last month , he closed seven state parks in Illinois because of the state ’s budget deficit of $ 2 billion .
Although the state parks will all still have one on - site staffer and conservationists to patrol the areas , they will close their campgrounds and organized activities , says the Rockford Registrar Star , a local paper in Rockford , IL .
Other state parks are staying open , but the General Assembly of Illinois had to take money from other state programs to fund those , which include Rock Cut State Park in northern Illinois – known for its canoeing and hiking .
Members of the public can wander the pathways of some of the closed parks , but for others the entrance gates are going down .
Lawmakers from the areas of the closed parks want the state to look elsewhere to finance its budget deficit ( it could probably start with just looking in Blago ’s pockets ) , but the budgetary committee wo n’t be meeting for another month , so the parks will stay closed until then .
Blagojevich has n’t said he ’ll step down from the gubernatorial position – though chances are he wo n’t be able to hold it up for that much longer .
Lt. Gov. Pat Quinn would be next in line , and he ’s already said he would re-open the seven state parks .
Although the state is largely responsible for taking care of the parks , it ’s also important to remember from this that parks are n’t necessarily safe in the state ’s hands – especially when those hands belong to an Illinois politician .
Donate when you walk through a local state park .
A few dollars here and there can help out a lot .
Photo Credit : hwky556 at Flickr under a Creative Commons License
Our gross domestic product contracted in the third quarter of 2008 and is contracting in the forth quarter .
There is very little doubt surrounding that .
The National Bureau of Economic Research put the start date of our current recession at December of 2007 .
Simply looking at the employment patterns and trends it appears that this recession will be the worst on record since World War II .
Another reason why this recession will be so painful is that 40 percent of our national GDP comes from 5 states , many that are in painful contractions .
The United States received 40 percent of its GDP from California , Texas , New York , Florida , and Illinois .
California accounts for over 12 percent of national GDP and currently has a state unemployment rate of 8.2 % , the third highest in the nation .
If we dig deep and look at the California housing market , it is abysmal and shows no signs of bouncing back .
This weekend 60 Minutes talked about the Alt - A and option ARM crisis that will hit us in the upcoming years .
The 2 states with the largest concentration of these loans are California and Florida .
First , let us take a look at each individual state GDP on a map :
* Click for sharper image
Looking at the map this way , it is easy to see why a few states can cause such widespread pain .
Even states that avoided the housing bubble to a large extent are feeling the repercussions of what is going on .
If we are to include the top 10 states in terms of GDP , we will then account for 55 % of total U.S. GDP .
That is why arguments that look at states as silos only hold true if the recession is minor or isolated .
This is no isolated recession .
The tentacles of the problems run deep and are very widespread .
Let us now shift and look at unemployment on this map :
3 out of the top 5 GDP states have unemployment rates above the 6.7 % national rate .
California , the biggest GDP contributor has an unemployment rate of 8.2 % .
The only state of the five that seems stable is Texas .
New York is quickly jumping higher because of the job losses now hitting New York City this year .
The number should change rapidly .
Ironically , the only stable state Texas is the single state of the five that had very little influence this decade with the housing bubble .
States like California and Florida which depended more on the housing market are feeling even deeper pain .
The next map should give you an idea why many of these states are on the verge of bankruptcy :
This above graph tells the story .
A state like California is so enormously dependent on taxes .
All you need to do is take a look at California and you ’ll understand the magnitude of the problem :
A state like California with over $ 100 billion in expenses does not have the flexibility to adjust a budget on the fly .
In fact , these budgets are planned nearly a year in advance .
This budget was planned before the California housing market fell over 40 % statewide .
That is another reason why severe market volatility is not good for the health of the economy because it throws a wrench into future planning .
But the more troubling sign is look at the 2 largest revenue sources for California .
The personal income tax makes up 44.7 % of revenue and sales tax makes up 27 % .
Together , these 2 volatile areas make up 71.7 % of revenue to the state .
Well , if you refer to the above employment chart you can begin to see how this all starts to tie in .
With less employment , the personal income tax revenues will fall .
With that , you will also see the sales tax decrease because in recessionary times , people spend less and certainly those with no employment will not be buying .
In conclusion , the fact that many of these states still have profound problems in their housing markets almost assures us that this will be no minor recession .
5 states account for 40 percent of the U.S. GDP and some of the states have the worst housing bubbles which are still deflating signals to us that U.S. GDP is set to decline for the near future .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- A top U.S. Customs and Border Protection employee was arrested Friday on suspicion of encouraging one of her cleaning ladies -- said to be an illegal immigrant -- to stay in the country .
An affidavit says Lorraine Henderson continued to employ a woman after being told she was an illegal immigrant .
Lorraine Henderson , whose job as Boston , Massachusetts - area port director for the agency included helping keep illegal immigrants out of the United States , was charged in federal court with harboring an illegal alien .
An affidavit alleges that the immigrant was one of three Brazilian women -- all said to have been in the United States illegally -- whom Henderson paid to clean her condominium in Salem , Massachusetts .
Customs employees had been advised in a memo not to employ illegal immigrants as domestic help , the affidavit says , and a fellow employee , to whom Henderson had recommended one of the women , learned that the woman was in the country illegally .
The co-worker warned Henderson that she was violating the law by employing her , according to the affidavit .
But Henderson kept the woman on , and when the Customs and Border Protection co-worker learned that her warning had been ignored , she reported Henderson to a supervisor , the affidavit says .
Investigators then put a wire on the woman and recorded conversations in which Henderson told her she would see what she could do about her legal status , according to the affidavit .
" Yeah ... yeah , let me find out and see what ... you can do , " Henderson said , according to the affidavit .
The affidavit says Henderson also left the cleaning lady a written list of questions , " including : did she enter the United States legally or illegally ; where did she enter the United States ; whether she had ever been convicted of a crime ; and whether she had any legal alien relatives . "
The affidavit says Henderson warned the woman to avoid deportation , because authorities would never allow her to return to the United States .
" Wow , wow , if you leave they wo n't let you back .
...
You can't leave , do n't leave ...' cause once you leave , you will never be back , " it quotes her as saying .
Henderson was arrested Friday morning and was to make a court appearance in the afternoon .
According to the U.S. attorney in Boston , Henderson could get 10 years in prison , three years of supervised release and a $ 250,000 fine if she is convicted .
Customs and Border Protection issued a statement saying that it " does not tolerate criminal misconduct by its employees , whether on or off duty ; and we hold our officers and agents to the highest standards of professional conduct , and require our personnel to adhere to a culture of integrity and professionalism . "
Calls to Henderson 's home seeking comment went unanswered .
As Boston - area port director for the agency , Henderson has been responsible for overseeing all of the international ports of entry in Massachusetts , Connecticut and Rhode Island , including Boston 's Logan International Airport .
CNN 's Mike Ahlers and Eric Marrapodi contributed to this report .
All About U.S. Customs and Border Protection
I learned something last week .
In my Times print column , I reviewed the BlackBerry Storm , by far the worst product Research in Motion has ever produced .
I had problems with its concept , problems with its clicky touch screen , problems with its speed , and above all , problems with bugs ( which the company refused to acknowledge , even when I sent them videos of the phone acting up and even locking up ) .
About 100 readers wrote to say that they had bought the Storm and now regretted it .
Some samples :
" I want to thank you for validating the experiences I 've had with my new BlackBerry Storm .
It has been an absolute nightmare .
As soon as I return to New York , I will take advantage of Verizon 's 30 - day return policy and get rid of this monstrosity . "
" I rushed out last week to try the new Storm - - and was frustrated , confused and bewildered by the device .
I could n't use the browser , and was even hard pressed to make a phone call . "
" My Storm was like something from a Stephen King novel : possessed of its own mind .
Touching or selecting on the screen highlighted something totally unrelated .
The lag in switching from horizontal to vertical almost made it seem that the screen was deciding its own when to shift . "
A New Sun Spells New Trouble
by Andrei Kislyakov
Moscow ( RIA Novosti ) Dec 01 , 2008
The mechanism of solar storms is unlikely to be fully understood anytime soon .
Our Sun is muscling up again .
According to NASA , it is beginning another 11 - year cycle of activity .
Considering that the Sun is to blame for some unfavorable climate changes on the Earth , the coming decade could spell more trouble for our planet .
The first measuring instruments made their appearance 440 years ago .
They showed that our nearest star treats the Earth to more than just solar eclipses .
Sunspots , solar flares , faculae and other phenomena affect everything on the Earth : from atmospheric events to human behavior .
These phenomena are known collectively as solar activity .
This activity , expressing itself through bursts of solar radiation , magnetic storms or fiery flares , can vary in intensity , from very low to very strong .
It is the storms that pose the greatest danger to civilization .
On August 28 , 1859 , polar lights glowed and shimmered all over the American continent as darkness fell .
Many people thought their city was aflame .
The instruments used to record this magnetic fluctuation across the world went off their scales .
Telegraph systems malfunctioned , hit by a massive surge in voltage .
This was an actual solar storm .
Its results for humankind were small , because civilization had not yet entered a hi-tech phase of development .
Had something similar happen in our nuclear space age , destruction would have been catastrophic .
Meanwhile , according to scientific data , storms of such size occur relatively seldom : once in five centuries .
But events with half the intensity happen every 50 years .
The last one took place on November 13 , 1960 and disturbed the Earth 's geomagnetic fields , upsetting the operation of radio stations .
Now our dependence on radio electronic devices is so immense that increased solar activity could disable life - support systems all over the world , and not only on the surface .
America has long been sounding an alarm , because their continent is so close to the northern magnetic pole and is the most vulnerable to solar activity .
A study by the MetaTech Corporation revealed that an impact similar to that of 1859 would incapacitate the entire electricity grid in North America .
Even the relatively weak magnetic storm of 1989 , provoked by solar activity , caused an accident at a Canadian hydro- electric power plant that left 6 million people in the U.S. and Canada without electric power for nine hours .
According to a special report prepared by MetaTech for Congress in 2003 , salvage and rescue work to restore power in areas with developed infrastructure could have been launched , according to estimates , only within several weeks or a month .
Poor space weather makes all orbital systems malfunction .
According to the U.S. Department of Homeland Security , satellites damaged by the Sun cost $ 100 million per year to repair .
Satellite insurance companies paid out $ 2 billion between 1996 and 2005 to compensate for damage to and loss of spacecraft because of solar effects .
A heavy solar storm can cause disruption to space - based navigation systems .
Mistakes in coordinate measurements can be as great as 50 m and more , making a navigation satellite unfit for its mission .
A serious loss of accuracy in the GPS Navstar system was recorded during a solar storm on October 23 , 2003 .
The mechanism of solar storms is unlikely to be fully understood anytime soon .
On the other hand , space weather is easy to forecast with available equipment .
Many years ago , NASA proposed orbiting special probes to monitor space weather .
Modern space technology can produce low - priced standardized devices for warning of pending space weather anomalies .
Forewarned is forearmed .
The opinions expressed in this article are the author 's and do not necessarily represent those of RIA Novosti .
The NY Times profiles Opera Software , the company that distributes the Opera browser for multiple platforms .
According to the article , however , Apple is not allowing an iPhone version of the browser into the App Store :
Mr. von Tetzchner said that Operas engineers have developed a version of Opera Mini that can run on an Apple iPhone , but Apple wont let the company release it because it competes with Apples own Safari browser .
Gruber speculates that it could have to do with the Javascript interpreter or , more clearly , that Apple has been restricting apps that compete directly with some of their built in iPhone apps such as Safari .
Apple has been criticized for its decision to restrict certain applications from the App Store , and this suggests users should n't expect any other web browser alternatives ( such as Firefox ) to appear in the App Store at any point in the near future .
Text size
The Yahoo ( YHOO ) board yesterday " clear the way for a fresh round of discussions with Time Warner ( TWX ) over the future of its AOL unit , " the Financial Times reports today .
The story says that could lead to new talks about a combination of the two companies .
Citing " one person familiar with the company 's thinking , " the FT said that while new talks were approved , no active discussions are underway .
The FT notes that Time Warner CEO Jeff Bewkes last week said he hoped his board would decide AOL 's future " fairly soon . "
Opting for the convenience of their kitchen table over a neighbor ’s garage , nearly half of Californians are expected to cast their votes by mail rather than at a polling site on Nov. 4 , marking a milestone shift in the practice of democracy , elections officials said .
At least 40 % of the state ’s registered voters already have decided they want to vote by mail , according to data compiled Friday by the California Assn. of Clerks and Elected Officials .
The percentage is expected to grow as Tuesday ’s deadline to apply for a mail - in ballot approaches .
California is n’t the only state where voters are eschewing a trip to the polls .
A majority of voters prefer their mailbox over the ballot box in Nevada , New Mexico , Arizona and Colorado , according to the Early Voting Information Center at Reed College in Portland , Ore .
Twenty - eight states allow residents to vote by mail without the excuse -- sickness , disability , being out of town -- that traditional absentee ballots have required .
Advertisement
Retired newscaster Dan Avey of Studio City voted as soon as his ballot arrived earlier this month .
“ If I were truly undecided about some issue , I would wait until election day , ” said Avey , who marked his choices in the quiet of his dining room three weeks ago .
“ Now I do n’t have to pay attention to the flood of ads and last - minute attacks .
I can tune the election out . ”
Los Angeles County -- the nation ’s largest single voting district -- has the state ’s lowest mail - in voting bloc , with 20.6 % of registered voters .
Dean Logan , the county ’s registrar - recorder , attributes the lower percentage to a more complicated ballot than those in other counties .
He said that Angelenos tend to enjoy their neighborhood polling places , but some experts said the county does not publicize mail - in options as much as others do .
Even so , Logan said , the county has registered 32 % more people to vote by mail than it did in 2004 and will issue the state ’s highest number of vote - by - mail ballots before Nov. 4 .
Advertisement
Northern California counties have among the highest percentage of mail - in voters in the state : Mendocino at 74.3 % , Santa Clara at 68.6 % , Marin at 59.9 % .
So far , San Francisco has registered 40.6 % .
The increasing popularity of voting by mail in California and elsewhere has prompted some election experts to question whether convenience should trump concerns about ballot secrecy , fraud and the complications of processing mail - in ballots .
The growing debate is leading some registrars and voting - rights advocates to call for a renewed discussion about how far the state should go to promote voting by mail .
“ Some would like to see California become entirely a vote - by - mail state , ” said Kim Alexander , president and founder of the California Voter Foundation , a nonpartisan voter - education group .
“ I would suggest we take a closer look at it . ”
Some experts said that residents who vote at home may be more susceptible to coercion by spouses , friends or co-workers to vote a certain way .
They also worry that those who cast their ballots early could miss important campaign developments that might have changed their vote .
Advertisement
In the Feb . 5 presidential primary , for instance , some voters mailed their ballots in before John Edwards and other presidential candidates withdrew from the race .
Election watchers fear that ballots could become lost in the mail or arrive too late to be counted .
To avoid this scenario , the Santa Barbara County registrar will send workers to pick up ballots at post offices the evening of Nov. 4 .
Ballots can be sent by mail or delivered in person to the registrar ’s office , or can be dropped off at a polling place in the county where the voter lives .
In all circumstances , ballots must be received by 8 p.m. on Nov. 4 in order to be counted .
“ After every election , in every county office , there are stacks of vote - by - mail ballots that are n’t counted because they were n’t received by the close of business on election day , ” Alexander said .
“ It ’s heartbreaking , because the voters do n’t know that their ballots are n’t counted . ”
Advertisement
In California , voting by mail has been on the upswing since 2002 , when a state law took effect allowing residents to permanently mark their ballots at home .
The trend further escalated this year when many registrars , in an effort to decrease congestion at the polls , launched aggressive publicity campaigns to entice residents to apply for mail - in ballots .
Nearly half of the state ’s voters are expected to cast their ballots by mail this year .
By comparison , 32 % of voters used mail - in ballots in the 2004 presidential election and only 24 % did so in 2000 .
Lawmakers , including Sen. Dianne Feinstein , are pushing to require all states to offer voting by mail without an excuse by the next federal election .
“ It ’s really a very convenient process -- you get to vote in your home , you get to discuss it , you get to mail it in , ” said Jesse Durazo , registrar of voters in Santa Clara County .
“ Going to the precinct , you have to leave your job , you have to get a baby - sitter , you have to find parking , you have to vote at night . ”
Advertisement
This election , faced with a 143 - page voter information guide featuring 12 statewide propositions and a 15 - page supplemental guide -- which some voter - education experts have dubbed “ practically impenetrable ” -- many California residents relish being able to mark their ballots in phases at home , saving the most difficult issues for last .
Oregon led the way to the mailbox , doing away entirely with its polling places in 2000 , after the passage of a voter initiative in 1998 .
Washington state is nearing 100 % vote - by - mail .
The Oregon voting experience now includes voter - invented traditions such as “ trick or vote ” night on Halloween and voting parties at churches .
Yet some lament the disappearance of the polling place as a fundamental , communal democratic ritual .
“ I do admit some sort of nostalgia for the polling place , ” said Paul Gronke , director of the Early Voting Information Center .
Advertisement
“ I ’ve seen wonderful ones in people ’s garages with basketball hoops and snacks , where people wander in and they ’re talking and it ’s really special , ” he said .
“ I saw that in Orange County and in Riverside and in Los Angeles .
I ’m still not convinced we have n’t lost something if we completely do away with those . ”
Elections officials have a love - hate relationship with the trend , saying it allows them to process a large number of ballots ahead of time , but requires more resources .
The state ’s 58 county registrars are divided over whether California should vote solely by mail , a move that would require legislative approval .
“ Will California move in that direction in the near future ?
No way , the Legislature wo n’t stand for it , ” said Contra Costa County Clerk - Recorder Stephen Weir , who asked lawmakers for permission to hold the primary election in his county by mail , and was turned down .
“ The only way it would move that way would be a voter - initiated initiative . ”
Advertisement
The trend is also changing the way political campaigns are run , requiring operatives to spend more money to reach voters earlier .
Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton won the California primary on Feb. 5 largely because of a massive drive to convince older women to vote by mail , pundits said .
After the upcoming election , which is expected to break voting records , registrars expect more debate on voting methods .
“ I would like to see some way to reduce the number of polling places , ” in precincts where a large number of voters are permanently signed up to vote by mail , said Joe Holland , Santa Barbara County ’s clerk , recorder and assessor .
“ Eventually you can see with this trend that something is going to have to give . ”
--
Advertisement
jennifer.oldham@latimes.com
--
( BEGIN TEXT OF INFOBOX )
Mailbox matters
Advertisement
Counties where voting by mail is more popular than going to the polls :
Inyo ...57.4 %
Kings ...58.8 %
Lassen ...59.4 %
Advertisement
Napa ... 74.6 %
Mendocino ...74.3 %
Monterey ... 59.1 %
Santa Barbara ...53.6 %
Advertisement
Santa Clara ... 68.6 %
Sonoma ...65.4 %
Tuolumne ... 62.5 %
--
Advertisement
The mail - in voting bloc in five Southern California counties :
Los Angeles ... 20.6 %
Orange ... 40 %
Riverside ...41.2 %
Advertisement
San Bernardino ...34.4 %
Ventura ...40.1 %
--
Note : Percentages reflect totals as of Friday
Advertisement
--
Source : County registrars
--
Ensuring your mail - in ballot is counted :
Advertisement
Tuesday is the deadline to apply to vote by mail .
Mail - in ballots should be sent by Oct. 31 to ensure delivery by Nov. 4 .
Mail - in ballots postmarked Nov. 4 will not be counted .
Ballots delivered by hand must arrive at a polling place in your county or at your county registrar ’s office by 8 p.m. Nov. 4 .
Advertisement
Your ballot must be accompanied by the signed secrecy sleeve , so that the registrar can confirm your signature is valid .
You can authorize a relative or a person living in your household to return the ballot for you .
Check the back of the envelope containing the ballot for more information .
--
latimes.com
Advertisement
/voterguide
Complete coverage and information about the election is available online .
How does Java do it ?
Motivation for C++ programmers
Things like double - checked locking pattern and Peterson lock work out of the box in Java , as long as you declare all shared variables volatile .
( Do not confuse Java volatile with C++ volatile –the latter has nothing to do with multithreading . )
Obviously the Java compiler knows what kind of fences are necessary on relaxed memory architectures , including the x86 .
I thought it was worth looking at .
Why the sudden interest in Java ?
Because Java memory model is very relevant to C++0 x .
The keyword here is sequential consistency .
Java enforces sequential consistency on all access to volatile variables .
C++0 x introduces atomic objects which , by default , also follow sequential consistency .
So C++ atomics will , by default , behave almost exactly like Java volatile variables .
Also , why even bother studying the quirks of the x86 ?
Ca n’t we just stick to locks and , occasionally , to default atomics and let the compiler / library writers worry about how they translate into fences ?
Absolutely !
This should be the end of the story , except that a lot of programmers seem to “ know better . ”
They will try to optimize multithreaded algorithms and get into a world of trouble .
So if you know anybody who might be tempted to write or optimize lock - free algorithms , read on .
Why the x86 ?
Not only because it ’s the most common chip , but also because its memory model is deceptively “ normal . ”
It ’s much more likely for programmers to attempt to play games with the x86 than , for instance , with the alpha .
The rest of this post should serve as motivation to stay away form such games .
What is Sequential Consistency ?
Sequential consistency is how we naturally think about multithreaded programs .
It ’s also how we think about the world .
If A happens before B then it can not be true that B happens before A .
If one processor stores 1 in variable x , and another processor stores 1 in variable y , than either the sequence of events is :
x flips to 1 and then y flips to 1 , or
y flips to 1 and then x flips to 1
( assume both are initially zero ) .
Which sequence actually happened could be observed by a third processor , which loads both variables .
If , for instance , it sees x == 1 and y == 0 , it concludes that the write to x happened earlier .
If it sees x == 0 and y == 1 , it concludes that the write to y happened earlier ( if it sees x == y , it ca n’t tell ) .
Now , in a sequentially consistent world , a fourth processor could not see the two events in a different order than what the third processor observed .
We assume that , for each particular run of the program , there is a global sequence of events that is seen by all processors .
Of course , on multicore processors many things can happen simultaneously , and it usually does n’t matter –except when memory access is involved .
Sequentially consistent model assumes that there is a single switch between all processors and memory , and only one processor at a time can access it .
This imaginary switch serves as the serialization point .
The x86 is not sequentially consistent
Welcome to the world of special relativity !
Two observers ( cores ) might see two events ( memory writes ) in different order .
Even on an x86 .
The technical explanation is that , instead of one bus serializing all memory accesses , each core uses its own memory cache .
Writes propagate from one cache to another with finite speed ( measured in clock cycles ) .
Reads snoop around the caches before going to shared memory .
All this caching is done because a trip to main memory very expensive–hundreds of cycles .
I do n’t care , says Java
The Java memory model requires that all access to shared volatile variables be sequentially consistent across all threads , even when they run on different cores .
How do they enforce it ?
The primary source for this kind of information is Doug Lea ’s excellent The JSR - 133 Cookbook for Compiler Writers .
Here ’s the big picture :
When Java is translated into bytecode , special codes are issued around volatile - variable access .
These codes tell the Java runtime where memory fences should be inserted .
The bytecodes are supposed to be processor independent ; the fences are highly processor dependent .
I ’ll call the special bytecodes memory barriers as opposed to processor - specific memory fences .
Memory barriers are inserted conservatively –the compiler assumes the most relaxed memory model ( in other words , the bytecode has to run correctly on an alpha , whose memory model is so relaxed you ’d think it was conceived in a hot tub ) .
Fences should go between memory accesses , so Java barriers are named after the kind of accesses ( load or store ) they separate .
There is a LoadLoad barrier between volatile reads , LoadStore barrier between a read and a write , StoreLoad barrier between a write and a read , and StoreStore barrier between writes .
Here ’s the first problem : the compiler can often only see one part of the pair .
In that case it has to assume the worst and use the most restrictive barrier .
Considering that , here are some of the cookbook rules :
Issue a StoreStore barrier before each volatile store .
each volatile store .
Issue a StoreLoad barrier after each volatile store .
each volatile store .
Issue LoadLoad and LoadStore barriers after each volatile load .
That ’s a lot of barriers !
Fortunately , the compiler can optimize some of them away using dataflow analysis .
The next step is to run the bytecode on a particular processor ( or compile it to native code ) .
If the processor is an alpha , practically all Java barriers translate into some kind of fences .
But if it ’s an x86 , all but the StoreLoad barriers are turned into no -ops .
The StoreLoad barrier is either translated into an mfence or a locked instruction ( lock xchg ) .
When executed on an x86 , the barrier rules boil down to this one : Issue an mfence after each volatile store ( or turn it into lock xchg ) .
Peterson lock on an x86 in Java
Figuring the details of the Peterson lock in Java was not easy .
I ’m grateful to Doug Lea for patiently explaining to me some of the gotchas .
I am solely responsible for any mistakes though .
In my previous post I came to the conclusion that for Peterson lock to work on an x86 , an mfence is needed .
Here ’s the relevant pseudo - code :
Thread 0 Thread 1 store ( zeroWants , 1 )
mfence
store ( victim , 0 )
// Java puts another fence here
r0 = load ( oneWants )
r1 = load( victim ) store ( oneWants , 1 )
mfence
store ( victim , 1 )
// Java puts another fence here
r0 = load( zeroWants )
r1 = load( victim )
In Java , all three variables , zeroWants , oneWants , and victim , would be declared volatile .
Using the x86 Java translation rules , that would mean putting an mfence after every store to these variables .
The fences after the writes to zeroWant and oneWant are just what the doctor ordered .
Form my previous post we know why they are needed on an x86 .
The mfence after the write to victim is something new though .
It is n’t strictly necessary on an x86 , but to see that you really have to analyze the whole algorithm–something that ’s beyond capabilities of modern compilers .
My original ( turns out , incorrect ) reasoning was that no fence is needed between the write to victim and the subsequent read because , on an x86 , reads and writes to the same location are never reordered .
Well , that ’s not the whole story because …
Intra-processor forwarding is allowed
Consider the following example from the x86 spec .
Initially x == y == 0 .
Processor 0 Processor 1 mov [ _x ] , 1
mov r1 , [ _x ]
mov r2 , [ _y ] mov [ _y ] , 1 mov r3 , [ _y ]
mov r4 , [ _x ]
The result r2 == 0 and r4 == 0 is allowed .
Let ’s analyze that .
First of all , because reads and writes to the same location are never reordered , r1 and r3 must both be 1 .
If r2 == 0 , we would naturally conclude that the write to y at processor 1 has n’t happened yet .
It means : processor 1 has n’t executed its code yet .
When it does , it should see the earlier write to x ( processor 0 saw it ! ) .
Guess what –sometimes it does n’t .
The technical reason for this behavior is that the write to x is immediately visible at processor 0 , before it propagates to processor 1 .
Similarly , the write to y is immediately visible at processor 1 , before it propagates to processor 0 .
So it is possible for both processor to see each other ’s writes delayed , even though they see their own writes immediately .
This result violates sequential consistency and therefore cannot be tolerated in Java .
Hence the need for the mfence between the write to victim and the subsequent read of victim .
Gosh darn it !
I want to optimize it !
Having said that , I must point out that , in this particular case , lack of sequential consistency is not a deal breaker .
It ’s okay for thread 0 of Peterson lock to read stale ( local ) value of victim , even if “ in the meanwhile ” thread 1 overwrote it .
All it means is that some unnecessary spins might be performed .
This does n’t violate the lock principles and does n’t lead to a deadlock as long as the new value of victim eventually reaches thread 0 .
I ’m pretty sure of this reasoning –at least at the time of this writing .
However , I would n’t be totally surprised is somebody found a fault in it .
The bottom line is that even such an “ obvious ” optimization is not obviously correct .
The proof of correctness of the Peterson lock is based on the assumption of sequential consistency .
If we relax this assumption even slightly , we have to redo the whole proof .
Any volunteers ?
Flash Kit Loops .
A huge archive of royalty free music loops for you to download and use in your flash projects !
Explore and download , or submit your own original loops !
Free Loops !
Use our search box above , or choose from the categories below , also check out the top rated and loop of the day links too !
Read the usage Guidelines for downloading , and adding loops to our archive .
Get the Flashtrak versions , and use them with our wicked flashtrak players
Economy
I 'd like to first start with some background on Tibet .
Unfortunately , many people do n't know much about Tibet and their situation .
I have mentioned the Tibet situation to many people , and asked them if they know about the situation .
Most answered " I 've heard of it .
I do n't really know anything about it though . "
This is something that needs to be changed .
The world needs to learn about Tibet .
Most people do n't know where Tibet is located .
Here is a map : Tibet has a distinct cultural , religious , linguistic and ethnic identity .
Tibetans possess a strong sense of independent history that is linked to this distinct identity and particularly its relationship with Tibetan Buddhism .
In 1949 , in an act of aggression China ’s People ’s Liberation Army invaded Tibet .
Despite Tibet 's attempt to work with the Chinese Communist Party and Chinese promises of autonomy in the Seventeen Point Agreement between the Tibetan government and the Chinese in 1959 the young fourteenth Dalai Lamafled into exile in India .
What followed was a brutal clamp down of the Tibetan independence movement by the Chinese forces .
China still occupies Tibet .
China 's occupation includes politcal and economic suppression .
China denies Tibetans their basic human rights .
Not only are Tibetans prevented from practicing their traditional way of life and culture , but political protest is brutally crushed .
How China 's occupation affects Tibet : The lives of most Tibetans have been disintegrating since the occupation .
Now they live as a minority in their own land .
Jobs and opportunies are scarce , because Chinese migrants are favored .
Most Tibetans are employed in agriculture , which does not attract investment and is declining .
Since 2000 , the Chinese government has been implementing resettlement and land confiscation and fencing policies in pastoral areas inhabited by Tibetans .
They are forced to abandon their traditional way of life and are moved into new housing colonies or towns .
This is part of Chinese moves to “ bring development ” and “ civilizing ” Tibet .
The Tibetan economy is not industrialized .
In urban areas Tibetans are a minority as a result of Chinese encouragement of ethic Chinese migration
The people of Tibet are not being provided with the opportunities to gain the skills , such as education .
Instead , Tibet ’s largely rural and agrarian population is discriminated against .
Economic discrimination begins with the failure to provide Tibetans with the skills to succeed .
Tibet ’s poor education system means that 45 % of Tibetans are illiterate .
Their lack of education prevents most Tibetans from taking advantage of economic opportunities in urban areas .
With most urban economic activity controlled by the Chinese state or private Chinese companies , Tibetans do not benefit from their own resources .
There is no evidence of Tibetans benefiting from the extraction of their natural resources through industries such as timber and minerals .
Instead the building of the railway has ensured that such resources can be taken out of Tibet .
Religious suppression
Human Rights / Political oppression
.
It is estimated that since 1950 , the Chinese have killed 1.2 million Tibetans .
The International Commission of Jurists concluded in its reports , 1959 and 1960 , that genocide was committed by the Chinese in the Tibetan nation .
China has extensively used torture against Tibetan political prisoners .
This is in violation of Chinese ratification of various UN conventions on torture , women , children and racial discrimination .
China ’s totalitarian regime has prevented Tibetan involvement in the political process .
Any political protest is crushed with violence .
By using surveillance , China has ensured that the Tibetans live in a state of fear .
An estimated 300,000 Chinese soldiers continue to be posted in Tibet , ready to stop any attempts by Tibetan ’s to call for their freedom .
Since the Chinese occupation there have been many well - documented incidents of human rights abuse .
It is estimated that since 1950 , the Chinese have killed 1.2 million Tibetans .
The International Commission of Jurists concluded in its reports , 1959 and 1960 , that genocide was committed by the Chinese in the Tibetan nation .
China has extensively used torture against Tibetan political prisoners .
This is in violation of Chinese ratification of various UN conventions on torture , women , children and racial discrimination .
China ’s totalitarian regime has prevented Tibetan involvement in the political process .
Any political protest is crushed with violence .
By using surveillance , China has ensured that the Tibetans live in a state of fear .
An estimated 300,000 Chinese soldiers continue to be posted in Tibet , ready to stop any attempts by Tibetan ’s to call for their freedom .
No Regard For Tibet 's Environment
Tibet has an unique , natural environment , with a number of rare animal and plant species and geological features .
China has sought to exploit Tibet 's natural resources without protecting or sustaining this environment .
China 's main interest in Tibet is now based on resource extraction
The building of the Yamdrok Tso Hydropower station has served to damage the Yamdrok Tso , a lake that Tibetans believe is the dwelling place for the life force of the Tibetan nation .
Tibet has an unique , natural environment , with a number of rare animal and plant species and geological features .
China has sought to exploit Tibet 's natural resources without protecting or sustaining this environment .
China 's main interest in Tibet is now based on resource extraction and land for Chinese colonists .
The Chinese government recently confirmed that Qulong in Tibet is home to copper deposits of 7.89 tonnes , the second largest in all China or Tibet .
Mining and mineral extraction is an economic activity but few Tibetans are the recipients of any financial benefits .
Instead the building of the new railway will continue the theft of Tibet ’s natural resources and their country 's wealth .
The building of the Yamdrok Tso Hydropower station has served to damage the Yamdrok Tso , a lake that Tibetans believe is the dwelling place for the life force of the Tibetan nation .
The Indian government reports that three nuclear missile sites are located inside Tibet , a country that has always been peaceful .
Nuclear waste has been dumped near Lake Kokonor , Tibet ’s largest lake , risking contamination .
I encourage you to read more about the situation in Tibet , and do all you can to help the situation .
Here are some things you can do : 1 . Show your support for Tibet by taking part in the T for Tibet campaign .
The T for Tibet hand signal is a quick , easy way to send a clear message .
Check out the famous – and not so famous – faces , then add your own to show your solidarity with Tibet : T For Tibet 2 . Join " Free Tibet . "
By joining Free Tibet Campaign you can become a part of the growing global movement supporting Tibetan freedom .
You can either join Free Tibet Campaign with a regular gift or set up an annual membership paying by credit card or check .
Join Free Tibet 3 . Panchen Lama campaign .
In May 1995 , six - year - old Gendun Choekyi Nyima was recognized by the Dalai Lama as the reincarnation of the 10th Panchen Lama , one of the highest ranking spiritual leaders in Tibet .
Three days later he and his family disappeared , never to be seen or heard from again .
Read full story here .
Sign the petition to Ban Ki Moon , Secretary General United Nations here .
4 . Sign a petition that sends a letter to Chinese President Hu Jintao calling for an end to the crackdown and for the immediate opening of Tibet to foreign media and international observers .
Sign here .
5 . Give the Tibetan people something they really need - the gift of a healthier and better educated future .
Sponser a child .
An example of what your donation can provide : $ 35 - Enables village children to attend primary school or buys solar cookers for boiling water .
$ 50 - Will allow 20 primary school students to read textbooks in their native language .
$ 120 - Will train a woman as Community Midwife or help rural teachers attend bilingual teacher training .
$ 250 - Will help buy the birth center a bed .
$ 500 - Buy a Piece of History and Be a Piece of History ; Help pave the way for a healthier Tibetan future and leave your permanent mark by helping to build the first Tibetan Natural Birth and Health Training Center .
$ 1,000 will provide all the funding necessary to send medical students to rural Tibet , sharing important maternal and child health information with 3,000 women .
Sponser a child here .
6 . Donate to the Kham Aid Foundation .
They help Tibet in the following way : cultural heritage , health , education , economic development , diaster relief , and the environment .
Donate here .
They are many other ways to help Tibet .
Buy a shirt that says " Free Tibet " , put a bumper sticker on your car showing your support , and search the internet for other campaigns and petitions you can participate in .
Tibetan Buddhism is part of Tibet ’s unique cultural identity .
As a result , China has attempted to destroy Tibet ’s cultural heritage and limit religious freedom .
Since 1949 , the Chinese have destroyed over 6,000 Tibetan monasteries and shrines and continue to interfere in Tibetan Buddhism .
By 1966 , 80 % of Tibet ’s 2,700 monasteries had been destroyed and only 6,900 monks and nuns from a total of 115,600 had survived .
Under the Cultural Revolution , religious institutes were targeted further , texts and sacred objects destroyed and monks and nuns targeted .
By 1978 only 8 monasteries and 970 monks and nuns remained .
Today , the number of monks and nuns allowed to enter monasteries and nunneries is limited .
Any reference or images of the Dalai Lama are banned .
In addition , the Chinese government imposes surveillance over the monasteries of Tibet .
If you like this post , please social bookmark ( digg , reddit , stumble , etc ) it below :
Sex symbol Carmen Electra has answered the prayers of boys around the world and stripped off again for Playboy .
Playboy Playmates Carmen Electra strips Back on the Playboy cover after 13 years !
Ex -Baywatch babe Carmen Electra has stripped off for another Playboy cover for the magazine 's German edition this month - 13 years after her first .
Playboy calendar 2008 's best Playmates in hot photo shoot
There was plenty of festive fun as 2008 's best Playmates took part in a sexy Christmas party photo shoot for the Playboy 2009 calendar .
The former Baywatch babe , the stuff of dreams for every hot - blooded male , first revealed her breathtaking curves in Playboy 12 years ago .
She soon became a cover regular for lad ’s mags in the US and across Europe .
“ I started my career with Playboy magazine .
1996 was the first time I shot here , ” Carmen told ‘ The Sun ’ .
And she is as delighted as we are to be gracing the pages of Playboy again : “ I think there 's a freedom in taking off your clothes and posing . ”
And at the age of 36 , she looks better than ever !
Pics of Carmen Electra with only the famous rabbit symbol covering her best bits can be seen in Playboy ’s 55th Anniversary issue , which is released in the US on Friday .
Ex -Baywatch babe Carmen Electra is back on the cover of Playboy , 13 years after the first time !
In the immediate aftermath of the Mumbai attacks , wild speculations swirled , furious cyclones that threw up windy and wild theories , charged conspiracies and noisy condemnation .
Inevitable perhaps , just human nature responding fearfully to sudden and unspeakable violence .
The terrorists cleaved the body , heart and soul of this cosmopolitan , enterprising hub which draws to its bosom the richest and most wretched of the earth .
What they did coldly in hotels , cafés and the Jewish centre was as atrocious as the killings in Beslan .
But as the panic subsides , it is the duty of all world citizens to confront truths , however inconvenient .
Instead we see a scandalous passing of the buck .
" Ca n't be , wo n't be , not our native sons , " say India , Pakistan and Britain as they set about impugning each other explicitly and implicitly .
It is a form of post - trauma nationalism that can grip wounded nations and was most vividly manifested in the US after 9/11 .
Meanwhile , millions of Muslims , also traumatised , habitually revisit sites of conflict – Palestine , Kashmir , Afghanistan and Iraq – or list other legitimate grievances to explain away each successive act of Islamist violence .
Denial and obfuscation once again stop us from examining who the killers were , why they did what they did , the places and times they pick .
It is not to exonerate them or forgive them , but to acquire vital data and a deeper understanding of the international networks and the mental states of the perpetrators – their religious and political ideologies .
This essential information cannot be extracted through torture or the outlandish " evidence " of anti-Muslim , neo - con think tanks whose agenda we know all too well .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Years on from the al - Qa'ida assault on the US , with two wars still going on , Guantanamo Bay and other rendition centres doing their filthy work , Islamist assassins can still strike in Mumbai .
We have no psychological profiling , no dependable evidence to stop the next time .
Is that not chilling ?
As big a problem is the pathological reluctance of nations to examine how their politics and policies bear some responsibility for the support given to men of terror .
Take India .
Its people , economy , history , culture and democratic credentials make it a remarkable country .
It is also a nation which tolerates shocking poverty , inequality , caste and religious injustice and gender oppression .
Some Indian Muslims have done brilliantly well in the last decade or so , too many though are trapped in poverty and have fallen below the lowest of the Hindu castes .
Prime Minister Manmohan
Singh appears sanguine about this Muslim underclass and has done little to bring to trial those responsible for the massacres of Muslims in Gujarat .
Nothing is done to quell the physical abuse and oppression of Kashmiris by the Indian security services .
Even if the terrorists came from Pakistan – there must be Muslims in India who feel unsafe in their land and so support the unsupportable .
Ashok Mehta , a security analyst , says : " Without help , the terrorists would not have known how to enter the hotels or where the exits are .
This operation would have been well - rehearsed and there certainly would have been local guides . "
That kind of talk is taboo in complacent India .
Then there are the deniers , who are outraged if you suggest that Pakistan breeds Islamists who terrorise their own country .
Ahmed Rashid is one of the world 's most authoritative Pakistani authors .
His latest book , Decent Into Chaos : The US And The Failure Of Nation - Building In Pakistan , Afghanistan And Central Asia , tells how his country is now increasingly lawless , churning out young people filled with homicidal aspirations .
Many in the political and military establishment back the jihadis .
I said so on the BBC this weekend and was then forced to shelter from the torrent of abuse from " patriotic " Pakistanis .
Sara writes : " Just because these men were Muslims does n't mean they were the financiers . "
The men were probably Indian double agents , says another Pakistani .
A man from Burnley calls me " a fucking Zionist " .
Do n't ask me why .
Here , after some early , irresponsible coverage claimed some of the killers were British , there is now an assumption that there is no connection at all .
I think we need to wait and see .
The Government still refuses to accept the implicit contribution that our foreign policies have made , and as yet has commissioned no credible , long - term research on radicalisation .
After Obama 's victory , the world felt optimistic .
That India and Pakistan ( a democracy again ) were at last trying to rebuild trust gave pause for cautious hope .
The Mumbai terrorists shattered all that and once more , we are lost in misinformation and misapprehension .
y.alibhai-brown@independent.co.uk
Ex -Somali Army Colonel Mohamed Nureh Abdulle lives in Harardhere - the town closest to where the hijacked Saudi oil tanker , Sirius Star is moored .
He tells the BBC , via phone from his home , that the town 's residents are more concerned about the apparent dumping of toxic waste than piracy .
The Harardhere - born military man advises the town 's elders on security matters and is in his fifties .
Somalia has been wracked by conflict since 1991 - when its last national government was forced from power .
The super - tanker is close to our coast .
It is a very , very long ship .
Some time ago we had our own problems of piracy in our town but that has not happened lately .
The people who have been hijacking these ships in our seas are not from our region .
We do not know any of the guys on the super - tanker and they have n't made any contact with us .
You know , our problem is not piracy .
It is illegal dumping .
These problems have been going for sometime and the world knows about it .
The Americans have been here in the region for a long time now - they know about the pollution .
Instead , no , the world is only talking about the pirates and the money involved .
Mysterious illnesses Meanwhile , there has been something else going on and it has been going on for years .
There are many dumpings made in our sea , so much rubbish .
On patrol with the pirate hunters India navy ' to go after pirates '
Press calls for action on pirates " I thought pirates would kill me "
It is dumped in our seas and it washes up on our coastline and spreads into our area .
A few nights ago , some tanks came out from the high sea and they cracked it seems and now they are leaking into the water and into the air .
The first people fell ill yesterday afternoon .
People are reporting mysterious illnesses ; they are talking about it as though it were chicken pox - but it is not exactly like that either .
Their skin is bad .
They are sneezing , coughing and vomiting .
This is the first time it has been like this ; that people have such very , very bad sickness .
The people who have these symptoms are the ones who wake early , before it is light , and herd their livestock to the shore to graze .
The animals are sick from drinking the water and the people who washed in the water are now suffering .
Isolated
We are people who live in a very remote town and here , we are isolated ; we only rely on God .
This town is close to the sea .
It is a very old town which has a mixture of Somali clans .
It is not big but it has a well - knit community .
Our community used to rely on fishing .
But now no - one fishes .
You see , a lot of foreign ships were coming and they were fishing heavily - their big nets would wipe out everything , even the fishermen 's equipment .
They could not compete .
So the people here began farming and keeping greater numbers of livestock .
Like in any other Somali town , all one can do is rely on oneself .
But now we have these medical hazards .
What can we do about it ?
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Again with the caveat that I have n’t really caught up yet with the transition news of the last week , the confirmations from before surely mean that there ’s one man who must not be happy .
On the day after Obama ’s victory , Dissent ‘s Mark Engler celebrated :
Obama rose to the top of a Democratic pool that , as a whole , positioned itself notably to the left of what we had come to expect in the Clinton - Gore years , when top officials scrambled to prove their pro-corporate bona fides and to declare their allegiance to the Democratic Leadership Council .
Today ’s contenders , while far from perfect from a progressive perspective , campaigned as opponents of an unjust war and of faulty trade agreements such as NAFTA , as advocates of pro-worker labor law reform and of serious national health care .
But he already warned :
To be sure , the .. more contemporary fight to thwart the rightward - pushing forces within the Democratic Party .. is not over .
The likes of Robert Rubin and Larry Summers hover over Obama ’s victory .
I bet he did n’t realise just how much they ’d “ hover ” .
With the appointments of Geithner , Summers and Orszag , I ’m guessing Engler must have gotten a lot more worried still .
As Ezra Klein noted :
For critics of so - called Rubinomics , [..] watching Rubin ’s proteges step into every major economic staffing position in the new administration has been concerning .
Watching them do so as Goldman - Sachs , which Rubin once led , and Citigroup , which Rubin recently advised , get buffeted by the subprime collapse is almost perverse .
To be fair , however , the opposition within the Democratic Party between the neoliberal , Rubinite cheerleaders of deregulation and the progressive sceptics of free market solutions no longer has the bitter edge it had in the 90s .
And the main reason for that is that experience has taught Summers et al. to be more sceptical themselves .
Consider what The American Prospect ’s Robert Kuttner , himself a progressive critic of Rubinomics , wrote about Geithner last September :
Their experiences in the financial crisis have led Geithner and Bair , both non-radical officials with impeccable establishment credentials , to embrace increasingly far - reaching remedies . [..]
As president of the most important of the regional Fed banks since November 2003 , Geithner has not only had a front - row seat at the most serious financial collapse since the 1930s , he is the key public official who has prevented it from becoming another Great Depression . [..]
Speaking to the Economic Club of New York last June , Geithner called for a far - tougher regulatory policy to alter “ the level and concentration of risk - taking across the financial system . ”
He got quite specific , saying regulators “ need to make it much more difficult for institutions with little capital and little supervision to underwrite mortgages . ”
The speech is a blueprint for fundamental overhaul .
He has delivered the same message in congressional testimony .
In a brief preview , last October , of how the policy debate in the Democratic Party might play out over the next years , Johnathan Cohn emphasised the same thing :
[ D]escriptions like these tend to overlook the surprising consensus that ’s emerging on the Democratic side of the aisle .
After all , among those who have been rejecting Robert Rubin - style economics lately have been the very people who implemented it back in the 1990s .
Rubin himself has said that government needs to do more to shore up incomes and economic security for the poor and middle - class , by strengthening labor unions and investing in stronger ( read : European - style ) social welfare programs .
And just a few weeks ago one of Rubin ’s best - known and most respected allies , former Treasury Secretary Lawrence Summers , took to the op - ed pages to make the case for more government spending on infrastructure and health care reform .
That ’s not to say no divide exists . [..]
But at least for now , I think the divide within the Democratic Party may be smaller than most people realize [.. ] .
This development , moreover , is still playing out now .
As the economic crisis unfolds and reveals the swamp of bad debts and irresponsible risks which the deregulated financial sector has steered the national economy into , previously cautious economists are eyeing ever bolder solutions .
FDR started out a cautious centrist too , Michael Walzer reminded us in Dissent the day after the elections :
[ Obama ] will be , I think ( and hope ) , a more radical president than he wants to be .
He has run , smartly , from the center ; he has spoken well against the bitter partisanship of Washington politics these last eight years ; he aspires to unite a racially divided nation .
But the deepening recession will push him ( as it pushed Roosevelt , another centrist ) to adopt policies that will be fiercely opposed on the right .
( He has a snappy sounding recipe for regulation too , by the way , a soundbite worth quoting : “ Last year , .. 60 percent of all credit in the United States was created by financial institutions other than banks , many of them almost entirely unregulated and unexamined .
If an institution quacks like a bank , incurs risk like a bank , and gets bailed out like a bank , then it needs to be regulated like a bank . ” )
All of this cautious optimism about how , maybe , the Rubinites Obama appointed simply are n’t very Rubinite anymore , at least not in the 1990s sense , ca n’t cloak the dominant position they do seem to have acquired , though .
Because there were alternatives .
Kuttner , for example , devoted the second half of his article to another “ potential appointee ” at the Treasury , Sheila Bair , who is still very much a moderate , bipartisan figure but was preferred by some liberals .
He wrote :
A Republican Bush appointee to the FDIC , she nonetheless has emerged as the toughest of the several banking regulators in the current financial crisis . [..]
She has been a strong ally of Democrats Barney Frank and Chris Dodd as they push for better banking regulation .
Her passion has been promoting the idea that refinancing [ sub - prime loans at affordable rates ] is preferable to foreclosure [ on the borrower ] . [..]
If anything , she would likely be an even tougher regulator than Geithner . [..]
With Bair , Barack Obama would get a fully credentialed and expert Republican–but one who is more progressive on financial regulatory issues than most Democrats .
That might appeal nicely to Obama ’s wish to be simultaneously bipartisan and progressive .
Alas , it was not to be .
On the other hand , it could have been worse as well : John McCain might have appointed former Sen.
Phil Gramm , which would have “ almost guarantee [d ] another Great Depression . ”
And Obama too must have faced , if Kuttner ’s predictions were right , “ immense political pressures not to appoint tough regulators or enact tough regulation ” , in which case you would have “ end[ed ] up with a weaker leader than Geithner or Bair . ”
You did n’t .
Strike one .
It ’s just that to get to strike two , you ca n’t rely on President Obama .
A month on , the conclusion that Mark Engler reached still holds , basically , trite as it may sound :
[ P] rogressives face the challenge of asserting that Obama ’s victory should mean not only a rejection of the brash , imperial globalism of the Bush years , but also of the softer model of corporate rule that grew under Clinton .
This fight has just begun .
And it will be a difficult task to convert a movement to elect Obama into a drive to build grassroots power and to hold him accountable .
But , for now , as we celebrate the end of the Bush era , there can be no doubt that we are in a better position to act than just a day ago .
And it ’s not often when we can say that with confidence and genuine joy .
_____________________
P.S. — I overlooked a good run-down of these questions some ten days ago by Robert Kuttner in the HuPo : Team of Rubins .
He efficiently summarises what needs to be done , in terms of economic policy , and reviews the questions surrounding Obama ’s appointments in that light .
Go read it …
SAN FRANCISCO —
The most energetic particles in the electromagnetic spectrum could pose a danger to commercial airline passengers .
About every 3000 hours of flying time , a plane is hit with a bolt of lightning .
Recently , spacecraft have found gamma rays can be created by thunder storms , and according to new research presented at the American Geophysical Union annual meeting this week , the rays could be intense enough to cause radiation sickness .
" Everywhere we look , we 're seeing x-rays and gamma rays flying out of thunderstorms and lightning , " said Joseph Dwyer , a physicist at the Florida Institute of Technology and lead author of the study .
" The gamma rays coming out of thunderstorms are so intense we can measure these 600 kilometers away and so bright that it almost blinds the spacecraft . "
Finding particles flying around at what physicsts call " ultrarelativistic speeds , , " i.e. very close to the speed of light , came as a shocker to physicists .
Gamma rays had previously been associated with only the most extreme environments in the universe , like supernovae .
Now , scientists believe that about 50 terrestrial gamma ray flashes occur per day on Earth .
It turns out that these highly - energetic particles can be created by thunderstorms at altitudes that airplanes regularly fly .
While planes generally avoid thunderclouds , sometimes they get surprised or can't avoid them .
And it 's those situations that worry Dwyer .
" We just do n't know enough .
The consequences are bad enough that people could potentially get hurt from this , " he said .
" This is a call for more research .
We really need to find out where we are and how big these things are .
Could people be hit by these things and get sick ?
And how would you know ? "
His team and others across the country have measured the number of gamma rays that reach satellite observatories , which has allowed them to back into how many particles are created in the thunderstorms .
What remains unclear is just how large and concentrated the source of the gamma rays is .
If it 's large — hundreds of meters across — then airplane passengers are probably safe .
But if the gamma rays are created in a small area , they could be delivering doses of radiation in one millisecond that are many times beyond what the government sees as safe .
" If the source is a little bit smaller — and there are some arguments you can make that the source should be smaller — then the dose someone would get inside an aircraft , through a quarter inch of aluminum , is getting to the point where we'd be worried . "
Dwyer 's data shows that as the size of the gamma ray source shrinks under 100 meters across , the dose of radiation accelerates to levels that could cause very serious radiation sickness — and even death .
Dwyer is a leader in the emerging field of terrestrial gamma rays who has refined scientists ' notions of how lightning works .
Back in 2003 , while experimenting with triggering lightning by launching specialized rockets into clouds , his team accidentally triggered a gamma ray flash .
" His stuff is fabulous , " Dave Sentman , a physicist at the University of Alaska - Fairbanks , who also studies terrestrial gamma rays .
Sentman noted that Dwyer , trained as a nuclear physicist , has a different perspective on the atmospheric physics than most of their colleagues , which has allowed him to gain insight into the high - energy particles
" He has a different way of thinking , " Sentman said .
Image : flickr / syne
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and project site , Inventing Green : the lost history of American clean tech ; Wired Science on Facebook .
As I mentioned on Twitter a couple days ago ( Yes , I ’ve finally surrendered ) , I was surprised to find that Python ’s urllib / urllib2 refused to open the unicode url I gave it .
Then I realized I did n’t actually understand how precisily the non-ascii url stuff even worked , so I decided to change that .
Apparently , a URI is by definition restricted to ( a subset of ) ASCII characters ( or maybe it consists of just bytes and does not have a concept of characters altogether , I could n’t quite make out the official stance ) .
To enable a wider set of characters , IRIs where introduced in RFC 3987 .
IRIs by definition can contain unicode characters , and the RFC describes how an IRI has to be converted to an equivalent ASCII - only URI .
Therefore , to open a IRI ( i.e. a unicode address , ) in urllib , we first have to go through this conversion process .
Essentially , two things need to be done :
The domain name needs to be IDNA - encoded , also known as Punycode .
Python , since 2.3 , supports both an idna and a punycode codec .
The latter is the base algorithm , the former knows about domain syntax and makes sure each label ( i.e. subdomain ) is handled separatly , as it should .
The path and querystring components need to be UTF8 - quoted , i.e. need to use the percent - encoding , with each octet being considered UTF8 - encoded .
Firefox also encodes a username / password portion in the same way .
With that in mind , the whole thing already seemed a lot more straightforward .
I had a couple additional requirements , though :
The function doing the IRI => URI conversion should support being generically plugged into an urlopen ( ) call , i.e. since urlopen ( ) does n’t actually require a url , but also handles for example filesystem paths , the converter needed to be able to deal with those non-urls as well , without corrupting them .
It needed to be able to handle URLs from “ out in the wild ” , some of which may already be quoted ( and should therefore not be quoted again ) .
The result currently looks like this :
def asciify_url ( url , force_quote= False ) : r " " " Attempts to make a unicode url usuable with ``urllib / urllib2`` .
More specifically , it attempts to convert the unicode object ``url`` , which is meant to represent a IRI , to an unicode object that , containing only ASCII characters , is a valid URI .
This involves : * IDNA / Puny - encoding the domain name .
* UTF8 - quoting the path and querystring parts .
See also RFC 3987 . " " " assert type ( url ) == unicode parts = urlparse.urlsplit( url ) if not parts .
scheme or not parts.
netloc : # apparently not an url return url # idna-encode domain hostname = parts.hostname.encode( 'idna ')
# UTF8 - quote the other parts .
We check each part individually if # if needs to be quoted - that should catch some additional user # errors , say for example an umlaut in the username even though # the path * is* already quoted .
def quote(s , safe ) : s = s or '' #
Triggers on non-ascii characters - another option would be : # urllib.quote ( s.replace ( ' % ' , '' ) ) != s.replace ( ' % ' , '') # which would trigger on all %- characters , e.g. " & " . if s.encode ( ' ascii ' , ' replace ' ) != s or force_quote : return urllib.quote ( s.encode ( 'utf8 ' ) , safe=safe ) return s username = quote ( parts.username , '' ) password = quote ( parts .
password , safe= '' ) path = quote ( parts .
path , safe= '/') query = quote ( parts.query , safe= '&= ' ) # put everything back together netloc = hostname if username or password : netloc = ' @ ' + netloc if password : netloc = ' :' + password + netloc netloc = username + netloc if parts.port : netloc += ':' + str(parts.port ) return urlparse.urlunsplit( [ parts.scheme , netloc , path , query , parts. fragment ] )
A version with more extensive comments and doctests is part of the FeedPlatform code .
I subsequently found out that there is at the very least one other existing implementation of this , in httplib2 .
While that one does n’t avoid double - quoting and wo n’t leave non-urls alone ( my own specific requirements ) , the latter enables it to support partial urls .
It also uses a custom quote function written after the spec , rather than relying on urllib.quote , which is interesting .
I wonder what the practical differences are there .
Finally , it has a bug where an auth - portion in the domain will lead to invalid IDNA - encoding , but that should be rare anyway .
It might further be noteworthy that the SVN version of FeedParser also applies IDNA - encoding , but does so on the full string given , which corrupts the URL it if there are non-ascii characters in any non-domain part .
VIENNA ( AFP ) -– Austria 's health ministry imposed an immediate ban Thursday on the sale and distribution of the herbal incense " " Spice " " , which some people have taken to smoking for its hallucinogenic effects .
" " Spice " " , which is sold legally in a number of countries as an exotic herbal blend that releases a rich fragrance when burned , would be banned from sale immediately in Austria because a cannabis - like substance , JWH - 018 , had been found in it , the ministry said in a statement .
While the effects of taking the substance had not yet been fully determined , the risks were deemed to be high , the statement added .
Thus , an immediate 14 - day ban had been imposed until a more permanent ruling could be reached , the statement said .
The herbal incense mixtures -- with names such as " " Spice Silver " " , " " Spice Gold " " , " " Spice Diamond " " , " " Spice Arctic Synergy " " , " " Spice Tropical Synergy " " , " " Spice Egypt " " , " " Spice Yucatan Fire " " -- are currently freely available .
While initially marketed as an incense , posts on Internet forums devoted to drug use have extensively praised the effects of the mixtures when smoked .
Spice has been banned in Switzerland since the end of last year .
Municipal authorities in the German city of Frankfurt recently commissioned a specialist pharmaceuticals laboratory , THC Pharm , which makes medicinal substances from cannabis , to examine Spice samples and found the substance JWH - 018 in all of them .
With little fanfare , a new car factory opened in America earlier this month .
The new Honda assembly plant in Greensburg , Ind. , will produce 200,000 compact Civic models annually after reaching full capacity late next year .
The contrast could n't be starker between Detroit 's woes and the continuing U.S. expansion of Japanese , German and Korean car companies -- in both market share and manufacturing capacity .
There are two American auto industries , one generally thriving and the other drastically shrinking .
The shrinking is accelerating ...
OpenMoko has announced plans to launch the Linux - based FreeRunner mobile phone on July 4 .
The highly - anticipated open source handset will be distributed through OpenMoko 's web - based store and will begin shipping on July 7 .
The FreeRunner will also be available from several vendors in Europe and India .
The FreeRunner , which is designed from the ground up as a hackable and open device , was first unveiled in January at CES .
It is the successor of the Neo1973 , OpenMoko 's first handset .
Unlike the Neo , which was primarily intended for an audience of developers and hardcore enthusiasts , the FreeRunner is aimed at the broader consumer market .
Although the software is still a work in progress , OpenMoko will provide software updates following the launch that are expected to incrementally improve the product and increase its viability for a nontechnical audience .
OpenMoko's software platform has undergone some significant changes during the FreeRunner development cycle .
The developers backpedaled on their GTK + strategy and adopted some Enlightenment E17 technologies and parts of Trolltech 's Qtopia platform .
This will eventually provide a more complete and responsive environment .
The FreeRunner currently ships with a GTK - based stack , but users can choose to update to the Qtopia - based ASU .
In the future , they will likely be leveraging the lightweight E17 components more pervasively throughout the environment .
In addition to enabling users to build applications with an impressive variety of toolkits and programming languages , the underlying platform itself can be modified , improved , or even replaced with something completely different .
The FreeRunner , which is priced at $ 399 , will be available with either 850MHz or 900MHz tri-band GSM support .
The device offers a 400 Mhz processor , 2.8 inch VGA touchscreen with a resolution of 640x480 .
It also includes WiFi , GPS , Bluetooth , two accelerometers , 128MB of SDRAM , and 256MB of storage .
Although the versatility of the device makes the FreeRunner an exciting product for programmers , the lack of 3G support will most likely be a deal - breaker for many mobile phone users .
I suspect that , instead of being adopted as a personal smartphone , the FreeRunner will primarily be used as a development tool for prototyping Linux - based mobile phone software platforms .
The FreeRunner will offer application developers some really intriguing possibilities .
I 'm personally looking forward to porting some of the tools and utilities I 've made for my Linux desktop computer with Python and GTK +.
There is also a lot of room for innovative platform development .
For instance , KDE developers are already working on making porting KDE 4 run on the device .
YouTube recently added , without warning , a top - aligned search bar to pretty much every embedded video across the net .
Want to turn them off on your own embeds ?
Add & showsearch=0 in the embed code , as explained here .
[ via ]
Advertisement
You could have been forgiven for missing the announcement that actual physical Burning Man has been canceled for this year , if not next .
Firstly , the nonprofit Burning Man organization , known affectionately to insiders as the Borg , posted it after 5 p.m. PT Friday .
That , even in the COVID - 19 era , is the traditional time to push out news when you do n't want much media attention .
But secondly , you may have missed its cancellation because the Borg is being careful not to use the C - word .
The announcement was neutrally titled " The Burning Man Multiverse in 2020 . "
Even as it offers refunds to early ticket buyers , considers layoffs and other belt - tightening measures , and can't even commit to a physical event in 2021 , the Borg is making lemonade by focusing on an online - only version of Black Rock City this coming August .
Read more ...
More about Burning Man , Tech , Web Culture , and Live EventsView the full article
0 replies
November 13 , 2008 | In Gallery , Young Beauties
Faye Valentine is called the hottest young redhead in porn ever .
Georgia Jones is not far behind ( or even close behind ? ) .
Anyway , the two young hot babes complement each other well .
A very arousing view of young flesh pressed against each other .
*
more @ beautyisdivine.com
BAGHDAD ( Reuters ) - Iraq started flushing excess salinity out of millions of acres of land on Monday in a project aimed at cleansing rivers , breathing new life into dying soils and reviving what was once part of “ the fertile crescent . ”
Though Iraq is wetter and more arable than many of its desert - covered neighbors , centuries of irrigation and over - use have left swathes of farmland fallow because of salinity .
Salt collects in soil when farmers irrigate it with salty water or do not drain it properly .
The soil gradually becomes useless .
“ It ’s a huge project : we are seeking to collect and drain all the salty water and remove groundwater from the center and the south ( of Iraq ) , ” Water Resources Minister Abdul Latif Rasheed said at the launch of the project .
First thought up in the 1950s but frequently delayed by political upheaval , the project seeks to revive six million acres ( 2.5 million hectares ) of land .
The area forms part of what historians call the fertile crescent , which stretches from the eastern Mediterranean into Iraq and down to the Gulf .
Farming in Iraq has been hit hard by decades of war , instability and poor environmental management .
Iraq imports almost all of its food , using receipts from oil to pay for it .
Much of the government ’s budget is spent on food rations .
Harmful salinity can be reversed by pumping out the groundwater beneath the soil over several years .
Such projects , though costly , have helped farmers reclaim salt - deadened land in Australia .
“ What has been achieved sends out the message that we are capable of reconstruction , services and development for our country , ” Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki said in a ceremony .
The pumping station in Nassiriya , 300 km ( 185 miles ) southeast of Baghdad , was started in the 1980s but war with Iran put it on hold and U.N. sanctions in the 1990s made it impossible to import parts to complete it .
Rasheed said the project would also help improve “ the quality of water in Tigris and Euphrates rivers . ”
But Rasheed told Reuters it would take several years for Iraq to clean up its waterways after so much neglect .
He added that a severe drought over the past year had parched the land , with rainfall less than a third of normal levels , putting further strain on water resources .
“ We have a big and complex irrigation network in Iraq -- nearly 90,000 km of drainage and irrigation channels -- these channels in all are in bad shape , ” he said .
After dropping his daughters off at school in Chicago this morning , President - elect Barack Obama and Michelle Obama flew to Washington D.C. to visit the White House .
President George Bush and Obama are expected to discuss transition while the First Lady Laura Bush will give Michelle Obama a tour of the White House and private residence .
The Caucus says the Obamas were " 10 minutes early , a move sure to please the always - punctual President Bush . "
Politico's Mike Allen writes , " The rite - of - passage meeting allows the president - elect to keep his bipartisan halo at a time when he is assembling a tough White House team .
And it lets the Bush administration look more gracious than Clinton staffers , who bitterly left the White House amid rancor over the recount . "
Here 's video of the two couples meeting as well as the President and President - elect walking towards the Oval Office .
Several hundred people gathered outside the White House for a glimpse of Obama , including students from NYC on a field trip .
Thirteen - year - old Rawshan Mobin , from the Campus Magnet High School in Queens , told the Washington Post , " What I hope to see is the first black president of the United States and the current president of the United States have a mutual agreement and exchange opinions .
It is a very historic day . "
On the night of Saturday , December 6th , two Special Guards of the Greek police clashed with a small group of young men .
The exact details of what took place are still unclear , but it is known that one of the Guards fired three shots , and one of those bullets caused the death of 15 - year - old Alexander Grigoropoulos - whether the injury was made by an accidental ricochet or deliberate shot remains to be determined .
The two Guards are now in jail awaiting trial , the shooter charged with homicide .
This incident sparked an immediate and widespread response in the form of angry demonstrations and riots in many Greek cities that have continued at varying levels to this day - though dimming in intensity recently .
Alexander 's death appears to have been a catalyst , unleashing widespread Greek anger towards many issues - police mistreatment of protesters , unwelcome education reforms , economic stagnation , government corruption and more .
( 37 photos total
Once considered impervious to a stormy economy , the video game sector is starting to show signs of strain .
Electronic Arts Inc. , which produces such franchises as the Sims and Madden NFL , said Tuesday that it probably would miss sales and profit targets for its fiscal year because of disappointing holiday sales in North America and Europe .
The world ’s largest game publisher also said it would find ways to cut costs , including canceling some game projects and making deeper job cuts than the 6 % workforce reduction it had announced in October .
“ While we saw significant improvement in the overall quality of our key products this year , we are disappointed that our holiday slate is not meeting our sales expectations , ” EA Chief Executive John Riccitiello said .
Advertisement
The Redwood City , Calif. , firm ’s shares plunged $ 2.52 , or 11.5 % , to $ 19.35 before the announcement , then almost 10 % more in after - hours trading .
The news came the same day that Sony Corp. , which makes the PlayStation 3 game console and many other consumer electronics , said it would eliminate more than 8,000 jobs , or 5 % of its workforce , and let go at least that many seasonal and temporary workers to cope with an “ acute downturn in the economic climate . ”
Sony also said it planned to slash investments in its electronics business by 30 % during its fiscal year ending March 2010 .
Analysts had predicted that the video game industry would hold up well to the broader economic problems because consumers would look for more cost - effective ways of entertaining themselves at home .
Most still expect the industry ’s overall revenue to grow this year .
But with less consumer wealth to go around , companies such as EA are feeling the pinch as retailers order fewer games to avoid being stuck with too much inventory at the end of the year .
Advertisement
“ The economy is negatively impacting the video game industry , ” said Arvind Bhatia of Sterne Agee & Leach in Dallas .
“ That said , the industry is performing much better relative to most industries . ”
On Oct. 30 , EA said it planned to cut 6 % of its 9,500 workers .
About 2,550 work in four California offices : Redwood City , Playa Vista , Westwood and Emeryville .
But as a result of the slowdown in retail orders , EA said Tuesday that it would cut an unspecified number of additional jobs and miss its original financial forecast .
The company had projected revenue of $ 4.9 billion to $ 5.15 billion for its fiscal year ending March 2009 , up 33 % to 41 % over the previous year , and per -share earnings of 7 to 21 cents , compared with a $ 1.45 loss a year earlier .
EA did not give a new forecast .
Advertisement
Company spokesman Jeff Brown said consumers this year were buying more intensely from among the top five bestselling games , whereas in the past they had spread their purchases more among the top 20 .
So publishers are deciding to make fewer titles .
“ We are going to make some changes in our publishing strategy to publish fewer games but making bigger bets on them , ” Brown said .
“ But that does not mean we will stop taking creative risks . ”
Analysts said overall game sales were still poised to grow by double digits this holiday .
“ Unfortunately , other people have better seats at the table than EA , ” said John Taylor , an analyst at Arcadia Investment Corp. in Portland , Ore . “ Activision is doing really well with Call of Duty : World at War .
Microsoft is doing phenomenally well with Gears of War 2 .
And Nintendo is doing well with Wii Fit and Mario Kart Wii.
EA ’s titles , on the other hand , have done somewhere between OK and a little disappointing .
None of them have outperformed . ”
Advertisement
Riccitiello , who took the helm at EA early last year with the promise of reinvigorating the company , focused on launching franchises such as Spore and Dead Space , which EA publishes as both a comic book and a game .
“ We did manage to put quality and innovation on the board , ” he told analysts during a conference call .
But “ the first edition generally does n’t generate the revenues that subsequent editions do .
We established value in . . . our franchises that we can count on in the future . ”
--
alex.pham@latimes.com
With news of the scandal surrounding Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich grabbing the nation ’s attention , it ’s worth remembering that out of the last seven men who previously held that office , three ended up in jail .
Illinois , in fact , is the only state where the governor has two official portraits : one full face and one profile .
Blagojevich , in other words , is simply following in the footsteps of some of his less illustrious predecessors .
Why then has this sordid affair attracted so much extra attention ?
Well , for one thing , the scandal has touched upon president - elect Barack Obama .
In announcing the filing of the criminal complaint and Blagojevich ’s arrest , federal prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald emphasized that Obama was not involved .
“ I should make clear , the complaint makes no allegations about the president - elect whatsoever , ” said Fitzgerald .
Despite the perfervid efforts of the right - wing dittorati to link Obama with Blagojevich , the two have never been close political allies or social friends , and Obama surely must have been aware of Blagojevich ’s longstanding legal problems and his rapidly slipping popularity .
It was hardly an accident , for instance , that the governor was not invited to speak at the Democratic Convention in Denver and did not make an appearance at Obama ’s Nov. 4 victory rally at Chicago ’s Grant Park .
Apart from the potential taint to the nascent Obama administration , this scandal is most noteworthy for the truly epic imbecility of the chief culprit .
After the indictment and conviction of the governor ’s friend , fundraiser , and all - around political fixer Antoin “ Tony ” Rezko earlier this year , Blagojevich must have known that he was the next target of federal prosecutors .
Yet he apparently spoke freely in his office and on his private phone about blackmailing the Chicago Tribune , shaking down a prominent Chicago pediatric hospital , and auctioning Obama ’s senate seat like a prize heifer at the Illinois state fair .
Even after the Tribune , on Dec. 5 , published a front - page story stating that the feds had obtained secret recordings capturing Blago ’s conversations , he was still making those incriminating statements , some of which ended up in the affidavit appended to the criminal complaint .
Blagojevich , however , was not only stupid , he was evidently delusional as well .
The federal tapes paint a picture of a man who is clearly five steps removed from reality .
Blagojevich talked of getting a cabinet position or an ambassadorship from Obama in exchange for naming Obama ’s choice , Valerie Jarrett , to the open senate seat , which is simply beyond the realm of possibility for someone who has been the well - known target of a federal corruption probe .
Blagojevich even talked of running for president in 2016 , which can only mean that he does n’t read the papers or has n’t heard that his poll numbers are even lower than those of George W. Bush .
Although it formed only a small part of the criminal complaint , the main political issue now is the fate of Obama ’s senate seat .
As long as he ’s governor , Blagojevich has the authority to appoint Obama ’s successor .
Whether he wields that authority depends on which of the following scenarios happens first :
1. Blago gets impeached :
The wheels are already spinning in Springfield .
The legislature is scheduled to convene in special session on Dec. 15 , and it is likely that one of the first orders of business in the house of representatives will be initiating the impeachment process .
That will be a particularly gratifying task for Michael Madigan , the Democratic speaker of the house and a longtime adversary of the governor .
Even Blagojevich ’s legislative ally , senate Democratic leader Emil Jones , has indicated that he supports the governor ’s resignation .
It is unlikely , therefore , that he would throw up any roadblocks to impeachment .
Likelihood of this happening : Almost certain , even though Madigan pere has been wavering of late .
But the impeachment process , even with a universally reviled governor and with the possibility that the votes in both houses of the general assembly could verge on unanimous , takes time , and Blagojevich wo n’t go down without a fight .
And , in the meantime , he could still pick a replacement senator .
2. Blago is declared unfit : House speaker Mike Madigan ’s daughter , Lisa , just happens to be the state ’s attorney general — another example of the rampant nepotism that distinguishes the semi-feudal character of the state ’s politics .
Madigan fille has sought leave to file an original action in the state supreme court to declare Blagojevich unfit to continue as governor .
Considering how distantly acquainted he is with reality , that ’s not such a stretch .
Likelihood of this happening : Slight .
The attorney general gets high marks for originality , but that ’s not something that is particularly prized by judges , especially when they get drawn into the middle of a messy political struggle .
No one has ever tried what Madigan is proposing , probably because the state constitution already has a method for removing the governor when he ’s unfit for office : it ’s called “ impeachment . ”
Besides , the statute she is relying upon is designed to address a situation when the governor is physically incapacitated , not when he is politically incapacitated .
The dubious legality of this maneuver and its slender chance of success suggests that Madigan ’s primary motive here is to push her name to the top of the headlines and position herself as the leading “ clean government ” candidate for Obama ’s senate seat or else for her own gubernatorial run in 2010 .
3 . Blago gets convicted : Depend on it , there ’s no chance that Blago can wriggle out of this one .
The federal complaint , in fact , is only the beginning : it ’s pretty evident that Fitzgerald rushed to get the complaint on file , and that it was originally supposed to go to the grand jury in the spring .
The complaint , in fact , is rather thin , despite the 76 - page affidavit , but new charges will come out that might be even more stunning than the revelations that have , so far , come to light .
Furthermore , everybody is flipping on Blago , including Tony Rezko , who apparently is cooperating with the feds in exchange for some time off of his impending jail sentence .
Indeed , the criminal complaint makes it clear that , while the governor ’s private phone was tapped , his campaign office ’s phone was n’t , which means either the room was bugged or one of his confidants was wearing a wire .
Could it be that John Harris , Blagojevich ’s chief of staff and fellow defendant in the federal case , was a mole who had already agreed to a plea deal in exchange for leniency ?
One wonders .
Likelihood of this happening : 100 percent .
But if you think the impeachment process is long and drawn out , just wait and see the wheels of the federal judicial process begin to grind .
The prosecution of Blago ’s predecessor , George Ryan , took two years .
And as long as Blagojevich remains at large among the large population of indicted - but - not - convicted Illinois politicians , he can exercise his power to fill vacant senate seats .
4 . A special election is held for the senate seat :
While they ’re busy working on the details of the governor ’s impeachment , Emil Jones and other the members of the general assembly have also indicated that they will consider drafting a law that mandates the holding of a special election for Obama ’s vacant seat .
Likelihood of this happening : Less than 50 percent .
The general assembly could pass a statute amending the current law , but Blagojevich would have 60 days to veto it , which he undoubtedly would .
It ’s likely that there would be enough votes in both houses of the legislature to override a veto , but it ’s doubtful that the general assembly could act in time to affect the outcome of the current situation .
Moreover , although no one wants to see Blagojevich name a replacement , all of the candidates who are hoping to fill his place are suddenly rather less enthusiastic about giving away this authority for themselves .
5 . Blago resigns : Almost everybody has been calling for Blagojevich ’s resignation , including Lieutenant Governor Pat Quinn , who stands to inherit the governor ’s job .
After all , opposing the governor carries almost no political risk , since Blago lacks any kind of constituency .
The latest poll put his approval rating at eight percent , with a four percent margin of error .
That means that the only people left in the state who think the governor is doing a good job are close friends and family members , corrupt state contractors , a handful of intransigent Serbian - Americans , and people who did n’t understand the poll question .
Likelihood of this happening :
It all depends .
The open senate seat and the governor ’s resignation have one thing in common : they ’re unique commodities that are in high demand .
And Blagojevich , although he ’s otherwise a complete moron , at least has the innate economic sense to know that , in those circumstances , the commodity in question should command a high price .
As he poetically put it : “ I ’ve got this thing and it ’s fucking golden , and , uh , uh , I ’m just not giving it up for fuckin ’ nothing . ”
Indeed .
But that means that he wo n’t just resign for the good of the citizens of Illinois , especially if all they ’re offering is their appreciation .
As the governor might put it : “ they ’re not willing to give me anything except appreciation .
Fuck them . ”
There ’s one person , however , who can offer something more than a hearty “ well done ! ” for the governor ’s resignation , and that ’s Patrick Fitzgerald .
Right now , that ’s probably the only thing that is keeping Blago from flipping the figurative bird to the state and all of his many political opponents by naming a replacement for Obama ’s senate seat .
If he can swing a deal with Fitzgerald whereby he agrees to resign without naming a new senator in exchange for a lighter sentence , then that ’s probably the best deal that the governor will ever get .
Whether or not Fitzgerald will be in the mood to deal depends on the strength of his case and the terms to which Blago will agree .
As mentioned before , right now the case against Blagojevich is thin , but it is expected to get much meatier as the evidence starts to roll in , and if the governore thinks that he can get away without serving time in Club Fed , he ’s even more delusional than everyone thinks .
Blago ’s bargaining position , in the meantime , only gets worse .
A deal , if there is one , consequently , should happen sooner rather than later .
6 . Blago beats the clock :
All of these maneuvers will be for naught if Blagojevich goes ahead and names a replacement for Obama .
The governor has his finger on the trigger , and he can pull it at any time .
Ideally , a replacement should be named before Jan. 3 , so that the new senator can gain seniority over the incoming freshman senate class .
Likelihood of this happening :
This is the flip - side of the resignation scenario , so it all depends on whether Blagojevich can make a deal with Fitzgerald .
If the governor is n’t satisfied with the terms offered by the federal prosecutor , then there will probably be nothing to stop him from going ahead with naming a replacement .
Harry Reid , senate majority leader , and the Democratic senate caucus have threatened to refuse the seating of any replacement named by Blagojevich , but it is unlikely that the senate has that authority under the constitution .
On the other hand , the senate can always expel a senator whose election or appointment was tainted by corruption — indeed , the senate has precedent for expelling corrupt Illinois senators .
Of course , at this point , there may be few people left in Illinois who would accept an appointment to the senate from Blagojevich .
There is one person , however , who could be counted on to accept : Blago himself .
He was heard on the tapes saying that he would have an easier time fighting the federal charges from the senate than from the governor ’s mansion , which makes about as much sense as his plans to run for the White House in 2016 .
Still , the prospect of Blagojevich appointing himself to the senate is a potent threat that might be enough to sway Fitzgerald into making the governor an offer that he ’d be crazy to refuse .
Brain scans revealed different patterns of activity
The brains of children from low - income families process information differently to those of their wealthier counterparts , US research suggests .
Normal nine and 10 - year - olds from rich and poor backgrounds had differing electrical activity in a part of the brain linked to problem solving .
The Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience study was described as a " wake - up call " about the impact of deprivation .
A UK researcher said it could shed light on early brain development .
The 26 children in the study , conducted at the University of California , Berkeley , were measured using an electroencephalograph ( EEG ) , which measured activity in the " prefrontal cortex " of the brain .
Half were from low income homes , and half from high income families .
During the test , an image the children had not been briefed to expect was flashed onto a screen , and their brain responses were measured .
Those from lower income families showed a lower prefrontal cortex response to it than those from wealthier households .
We are certainly not blaming lower socioeconomic families for not talking to their kids - there are probably a zillion reasons why that happens
Prof Thomas Boyce
University of California Berkeley Dr Mark Kishiyama , one of the researchers , said : " The low socioeconomic kids were not detecting or processing the visual stimuli as well - they were not getting that extra boost from the prefrontal cortex . "
Since the children were , in health terms , normal in every way , the researchers suspected that " stressful environments " created by low socioeconomic status might be to blame .
Previous studies have suggested that children in low - income families are spoken to far less - on average hearing 30 million fewer words by the age of four .
Talking boost Professor Thomas Boyce , another of the researchers , said that talking more to children could boost prefrontal cortex development .
" We are certainly not blaming lower socioeconomic families for not talking to their kids - there are probably a zillion reasons why that happens . "
His colleague , Professor Robert Knight , added : " This is a wake - up call - it 's not just that these kids are poor and more likely to have health problems , but they might actually not be getting full brain development from the stressful and relatively impoverished environment associated with low socioeconomic status . "
He said that with " proper intervention and training " , improvements could be made , even in older children .
Dr Emese Nagy , from the University of Dundee , said that it was a " pioneering " study which could aid understanding of how environment could affect brain development .
She said : " Children who grow up in a different environment may have very different early experiences , and may process information differently than children from a different environment .
" The study showed that low socioeconomic status children behaved exactly the same way as high socioeconomic status children , but their brain processed the information differently . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Farmer in Chief
Dear Mr. President - Elect ,
It may surprise you to learn that among the issues that will occupy much of your time in the coming years is one you barely mentioned during the campaign : food .
Food policy is not something American presidents have had to give much thought to , at least since the Nixon administration –the last time high food prices presented a serious political peril .
Since then , federal policies to promote maximum production of the commodity crops ( corn , soybeans , wheat and rice ) from which most of our supermarket foods are derived have succeeded impressively in keeping prices low and food more or less off the national political agenda .
But with a suddenness that has taken us all by surprise , the era of cheap and abundant food appears to be drawing to a close .
What this means is that you , like so many other leaders through history , will find yourself confronting the fact–so easy to overlook these past few years –that the health of a nation ’s food system is a critical issue of national security .
Food is about to demand your attention .
Complicating matters is the fact that the price and abundance of food are not the only problems we face ; if they were , you could simply follow Nixon ’s example , appoint a latter - day Earl Butz as your secretary of agriculture and instruct him or her to do whatever it takes to boost production .
But there are reasons to think that the old approach wo n’t work this time around ; for one thing , it depends on cheap energy that we can no longer count on .
For another , expanding production of industrial agriculture today would require you to sacrifice important values on which you did campaign .
Which brings me to the deeper reason you will need not simply to address food prices but to make the reform of the entire food system one of the highest priorities of your administration : unless you do , you will not be able to make significant progress on the health care crisis , energy independence or climate change .
Unlike food , these are issues you did campaign on — but as you try to address them you will quickly discover that the way we currently grow , process and eat food in America goes to the heart of all three problems and will have to change if we hope to solve them .
Let me explain .
After cars , the food system uses more fossil fuel than any other sector of the economy — 19 percent .
And while the experts disagree about the exact amount , the way we feed ourselves contributes more greenhouse gases to the atmosphere than anything else we do — as much as 37 percent , according to one study .
Whenever farmers clear land for crops and till the soil , large quantities of carbon are released into the air .
But the 20th - century industrialization of agriculture has increased the amount of greenhouse gases emitted by the food system by an order of magnitude ; chemical fertilizers ( made from natural gas ) , pesticides ( made from petroleum ) , farm machinery , modern food processing and packaging and transportation have together transformed a system that in 1940 produced 2.3 calories of food energy for every calorie of fossil - fuel energy it used into one that now takes 10 calories of fossil - fuel energy to produce a single calorie of modern supermarket food .
Put another way , when we eat from the industrial - food system , we are eating oil and spewing greenhouse gases .
This state of affairs appears all the more absurd when you recall that every calorie we eat is ultimately the product of photosynthesis — a process based on making food energy from sunshine .
There is hope and possibility in that simple fact .
In addition to the problems of climate change and America ’s oil addiction , you have spoken at length on the campaign trail of the health care crisis .
Spending on health care has risen from 5 percent of national income in 1960 to 16 percent today , putting a significant drag on the economy .
The goal of ensuring the health of all Americans depends on getting those costs under control .
There are several reasons health care has gotten so expensive , but one of the biggest , and perhaps most tractable , is the cost to the system of preventable chronic diseases .
Four of the top 10 killers in America today are chronic diseases linked to diet : heart disease , stroke , Type 2 diabetes and cancer .
It is no coincidence that in the years national spending on health care went from 5 percent to 16 percent of national income , spending on food has fallen by a comparable amount — from 18 percent of household income to less than 10 percent .
While the surfeit of cheap calories that the U.S. food system has produced since the late 1970s may have taken food prices off the political agenda , this has come at a steep cost to public health .
You cannot expect to reform the health care system , much less expand coverage , without confronting the public - health catastrophe that is the modern American diet .
The impact of the American food system on the rest of the world will have implications for your foreign and trade policies as well .
In the past several months more than 30 nations have experienced food riots , and so far one government has fallen .
Should high grain prices persist and shortages develop , you can expect to see the pendulum shift decisively away from free trade , at least in food .
Nations that opened their markets to the global flood of cheap grain ( under pressure from previous administrations as well as the World Bank and the I.M.F. ) lost so many farmers that they now find their ability to feed their own populations hinges on decisions made in Washington ( like your predecessor ’s precipitous embrace of biofuels ) and on Wall Street .
They will now rush to rebuild their own agricultural sectors and then seek to protect them by erecting trade barriers .
Expect to hear the phrases “ food sovereignty ” and “ food security ” on the lips of every foreign leader you meet .
Not only the Doha round , but the whole cause of free trade in agriculture is probably dead , the casualty of a cheap food policy that a scant two years ago seemed like a boon for everyone .
It is one of the larger paradoxes of our time that the very same food policies that have contributed to overnutrition in the first world are now contributing to undernutrition in the third .
But it turns out that too much food can be nearly as big a problem as too little — a lesson we should keep in mind as we set about designing a new approach to food policy .
Rich or poor , countries struggling with soaring food prices are being forcibly reminded that food is a national - security issue .
When a nation loses the ability to substantially feed itself , it is not only at the mercy of global commodity markets but of other governments as well .
At issue is not only the availability of food , which may be held hostage by a hostile state , but its safety : as recent scandals in China demonstrate , we have little control over the safety of imported foods .
The deliberate contamination of our food presents another national - security threat .
At his valedictory press conference in 2004 , Tommy Thompson , the secretary of health and human services , offered a chilling warning , saying , “ I , for the life of me , cannot understand why the terrorists have not attacked our food supply , because it is so easy to do . ”
This , in brief , is the bad news : the food and agriculture policies you ’ve inherited — designed to maximize production at all costs and relying on cheap energy to do so — are in shambles , and the need to address the problems they have caused is acute .
The good news is that the twinned crises in food and energy are creating a political environment in which real reform of the food system may actually be possible for the first time in a generation .
The American people are paying more attention to food today than they have in decades , worrying not only about its price but about its safety , its provenance and its healthfulness .
There is a gathering sense among the public that the industrial - food system is broken .
Markets for alternative kinds of food — organic , local , pasture - based , humane — are thriving as never before .
All this suggests that a political constituency for change is building and not only on the left : lately , conservative voices have also been raised in support of reform .
Writing of the movement back to local food economies , traditional foods ( and family meals ) and more sustainable farming , The American Conservative magazine editorialized last summer that “ this is a conservative cause if ever there was one . ”
There are many moving parts to the new food agenda I ’m urging you to adopt , but the core idea could not be simpler : we need to wean the American food system off its heavy 20th - century diet of fossil fuel and put it back on a diet of contemporary sunshine .
True , this is easier said than done — fossil fuel is deeply implicated in everything about the way we currently grow food and feed ourselves .
To put the food system back on sunlight will require policies to change how things work at every link in the food chain : in the farm field , in the way food is processed and sold and even in the American kitchen and at the American dinner table .
Yet the sun still shines down on our land every day , and photosynthesis can still work its wonders wherever it does .
If any part of the modern economy can be freed from its dependence on oil and successfully resolarized , surely it is food .
How We Got Here
Before setting out an agenda for reforming the food system , it ’s important to understand how that system came to be — and also to appreciate what , for all its many problems , it has accomplished .
What our food system does well is precisely what it was designed to do , which is to produce cheap calories in great abundance .
It is no small thing for an American to be able to go into a fast - food restaurant and to buy a double cheeseburger , fries and a large Coke for a price equal to less than an hour of labor at the minimum wage — indeed , in the long sweep of history , this represents a remarkable achievement .
It must be recognized that the current food system — characterized by monocultures of corn and soy in the field and cheap calories of fat , sugar and feedlot meat on the table — is not simply the product of the free market .
Rather , it is the product of a specific set of government policies that sponsored a shift from solar ( and human ) energy on the farm to fossil - fuel energy .
Did you notice when you flew over Iowa during the campaign how the land was completely bare — black — from October to April ?
What you were seeing is the agricultural landscape created by cheap oil .
In years past , except in the dead of winter , you would have seen in those fields a checkerboard of different greens : pastures and hayfields for animals , cover crops , perhaps a block of fruit trees .
Before the application of oil and natural gas to agriculture , farmers relied on crop diversity ( and photosynthesis ) both to replenish their soil and to combat pests , as well as to feed themselves and their neighbors .
Cheap energy , however , enabled the creation of monocultures , and monocultures in turn vastly increased the productivity both of the American land and the American farmer ; today the typical corn - belt farmer is single - handedly feeding 140 people .
This did not occur by happenstance .
After World War II , the government encouraged the conversion of the munitions industry to fertilizer — ammonium nitrate being the main ingredient of both bombs and chemical fertilizer — and the conversion of nerve - gas research to pesticides .
The government also began subsidizing commodity crops , paying farmers by the bushel for all the corn , soybeans , wheat and rice they could produce .
One secretary of agriculture after another implored them to plant “ fence row to fence row ” and to “ get big or get out . ”
The chief result , especially after the Earl Butz years , was a flood of cheap grain that could be sold for substantially less than it cost farmers to grow because a government check helped make up the difference .
As this artificially cheap grain worked its way up the food chain , it drove down the price of all the calories derived from that grain : the high - fructose corn syrup in the Coke , the soy oil in which the potatoes were fried , the meat and cheese in the burger .
Subsidized monocultures of grain also led directly to monocultures of animals : since factory farms could buy grain for less than it cost farmers to grow it , they could now fatten animals more cheaply than farmers could .
So America ’s meat and dairy animals migrated from farm to feedlot , driving down the price of animal protein to the point where an American can enjoy eating , on average , 190 pounds of meat a year — a half pound every day .
But if taking the animals off farms made a certain kind of economic sense , it made no ecological sense whatever : their waste , formerly regarded as a precious source of fertility on the farm , became a pollutant — factory farms are now one of America ’s biggest sources of pollution .
As Wendell Berry has tartly observed , to take animals off farms and put them on feedlots is to take an elegant solution — animals replenishing the fertility that crops deplete — and neatly divide it into two problems : a fertility problem on the farm and a pollution problem on the feedlot .
The former problem is remedied with fossil - fuel fertilizer ; the latter is remedied not at all .
What was once a regional food economy is now national and increasingly global in scope — thanks again to fossil fuel .
Cheap energy — for trucking food as well as pumping water — is the reason New York City now gets its produce from California rather than from the “ Garden State ” next door , as it did before the advent of Interstate highways and national trucking networks .
More recently , cheap energy has underwritten a globalized food economy in which it makes ( or rather , made ) economic sense to catch salmon in Alaska , ship it to China to be filleted and then ship the fillets back to California to be eaten ; or one in which California and Mexico can profitably swap tomatoes back and forth across the border ; or Denmark and the United States can trade sugar cookies across the Atlantic .
About that particular swap the economist Herman Daly once quipped , “ Exchanging recipes would surely be more efficient . ”
Whatever we may have liked about the era of cheap , oil - based food , it is drawing to a close .
Even if we were willing to continue paying the environmental or public - health price , we ’re not going to have the cheap energy ( or the water ) needed to keep the system going , much less expand production .
But as is so often the case , a crisis provides opportunity for reform , and the current food crisis presents opportunities that must be seized .
In drafting these proposals , I ’ve adhered to a few simple principles of what a 21st - century food system needs to do .
First , your administration ’s food policy must strive to provide a healthful diet for all our people ; this means focusing on the quality and diversity ( and not merely the quantity ) of the calories that American agriculture produces and American eaters consume .
Second , your policies should aim to improve the resilience , safety and security of our food supply .
Among other things , this means promoting regional food economies both in America and around the world .
And lastly , your policies need to reconceive agriculture as part of the solution to environmental problems like climate change .
These goals are admittedly ambitious , yet they will not be difficult to align or advance as long as we keep in mind this One Big Idea : most of the problems our food system faces today are because of its reliance on fossil fuels , and to the extent that our policies wring the oil out of the system and replace it with the energy of the sun , those policies will simultaneously improve the state of our health , our environment and our security .
I. Resolarizing the American Farm
What happens in the field influences every other link of the food chain on up to our meals — if we grow monocultures of corn and soy , we will find the products of processed corn and soy on our plates .
Fortunately for your initiative , the federal government has enormous leverage in determining exactly what happens on the 830 million acres of American crop and pasture land .
Today most government farm and food programs are designed to prop up the old system of maximizing production from a handful of subsidized commodity crops grown in monocultures .
Even food - assistance programs like WIC and school lunch focus on maximizing quantity rather than quality , typically specifying a minimum number of calories ( rather than maximums ) and seldom paying more than lip service to nutritional quality .
This focus on quantity may have made sense in a time of food scarcity , but today it gives us a school - lunch program that feeds chicken nuggets and Tater Tots to overweight and diabetic children .
Your challenge is to take control of this vast federal machinery and use it to drive a transition to a new solar - food economy , starting on the farm .
Right now , the government actively discourages the farmers it subsidizes from growing healthful , fresh food : farmers receiving crop subsidies are prohibited from growing “ specialty crops ” — farm - bill speak for fruits and vegetables .
( This rule was the price exacted by California and Florida produce growers in exchange for going along with subsidies for commodity crops . )
Commodity farmers should instead be encouraged to grow as many different crops — including animals — as possible .
Why ?
Because the greater the diversity of crops on a farm , the less the need for both fertilizers and pesticides .
The power of cleverly designed polycultures to produce large amounts of food from little more than soil , water and sunlight has been proved , not only by small - scale “ alternative ” farmers in the United States but also by large rice - and - fish farmers in China and giant - scale operations ( up to 15,000 acres ) in places like Argentina .
There , in a geography roughly comparable to that of the American farm belt , farmers have traditionally employed an ingenious eight - year rotation of perennial pasture and annual crops : after five years grazing cattle on pasture ( and producing the world ’s best beef ) , farmers can then grow three years of grain without applying any fossil - fuel fertilizer .
Or , for that matter , many pesticides : the weeds that afflict pasture can’t survive the years of tillage , and the weeds of row crops do n’t survive the years of grazing , making herbicides all but unnecessary .
There is no reason — save current policy and custom — that American farmers could n’t grow both high - quality grain and grass - fed beef under such a regime through much of the Midwest .
( It should be noted that today ’s sky - high grain prices are causing many Argentine farmers to abandon their rotation to grow grain and soybeans exclusively , an environmental disaster in the making . )
Federal policies could do much to encourage this sort of diversified sun farming .
Begin with the subsidies : payment levels should reflect the number of different crops farmers grow or the number of days of the year their fields are green — that is , taking advantage of photosynthesis , whether to grow food , replenish the soil or control erosion .
If Midwestern farmers simply planted a cover crop after the fall harvest , they would significantly reduce their need for fertilizer , while cutting down on soil erosion .
Why do n’t farmers do this routinely ?
Because in recent years fossil - fuel - based fertility has been so much cheaper and easier to use than sun-based fertility .
In addition to rewarding farmers for planting cover crops , we should make it easier for them to apply compost to their fields — a practice that improves not only the fertility of the soil but also its ability to hold water and therefore withstand drought .
( There is mounting evidence that it also boosts the nutritional quality of the food grown in it . )
The U.S.D.A. estimates that Americans throw out 14 percent of the food they buy ; much more is wasted by retailers , wholesalers and institutions .
A program to make municipal composting of food and yard waste mandatory and then distributing the compost free to area farmers would shrink America ’s garbage heap , cut the need for irrigation and fossil - fuel fertilizers in agriculture and improve the nutritional quality of the American diet .
Right now , most of the conservation programs run by the U.S.D.A. are designed on the zero-sum principle : land is either locked up in “ conservation ” or it is farmed intensively .
This either - or approach reflects an outdated belief that modern farming and ranching are inherently destructive , so that the best thing for the environment is to leave land untouched .
But we now know how to grow crops and graze animals in systems that will support biodiversity , soil health , clean water and carbon sequestration .
The Conservation Stewardship Program , championed by Senator Tom Harkin and included in the 2008 Farm Bill , takes an important step toward rewarding these kinds of practices , but we need to move this approach from the periphery of our farm policy to the very center .
Longer term , the government should back ambitious research now under way ( at the Land Institute in Kansas and a handful of other places ) to “ perennialize ” commodity agriculture : to breed varieties of wheat , rice and other staple grains that can be grown like prairie grasses — without having to till the soil every year .
These perennial grains hold the promise of slashing the fossil fuel now needed to fertilize and till the soil , while protecting farmland from erosion and sequestering significant amounts of carbon .
But that is probably a 50 - year project .
For today ’s agriculture to wean itself from fossil fuel and make optimal use of sunlight , crop plants and animals must once again be married on the farm — as in Wendell Berry ’s elegant “ solution . ”
Sunlight nourishes the grasses and grains , the plants nourish the animals , the animals then nourish the soil , which in turn nourishes the next season ’s grasses and grains .
Animals on pasture can also harvest their own feed and dispose of their own waste — all without our help or fossil fuel .
If this system is so sensible , you might ask , why did it succumb to Concentrated Animal Feeding Operations , or CAFOs ?
In fact there is nothing inherently efficient or economical about raising vast cities of animals in confinement .
Three struts , each put into place by federal policy , support the modern CAFO , and the most important of these — the ability to buy grain for less than it costs to grow it — has just been kicked away .
The second strut is F.D.A. approval for the routine use of antibiotics in feed , without which the animals in these places could not survive their crowded , filthy and miserable existence .
And the third is that the government does not require CAFOs to treat their wastes as it would require human cities of comparable size to do .
The F.D.A. should ban the routine use of antibiotics in livestock feed on public - health grounds , now that we have evidence that the practice is leading to the evolution of drug - resistant bacterial diseases and to outbreaks of E. coli and salmonella poisoning .
CAFOs should also be regulated like the factories they are , required to clean up their waste like any other industry or municipality .
It will be argued that moving animals off feedlots and back onto farms will raise the price of meat .
It probably will — as it should .
You will need to make the case that paying the real cost of meat , and therefore eating less of it , is a good thing for our health , for the environment , for our dwindling reserves of fresh water and for the welfare of the animals .
Meat and milk production represent the food industry ’s greatest burden on the environment ; a recent U.N. study estimated that the world ’s livestock alone account for 18 percent of all greenhouse gases , more than all forms of transportation combined .
( According to one study , a pound of feedlot beef also takes 5,000 gallons of water to produce . )
And while animals living on farms will still emit their share of greenhouse gases , grazing them on grass and returning their waste to the soil will substantially offset their carbon hoof prints , as will getting ruminant animals off grain .
A bushel of grain takes approximately a half gallon of oil to produce ; grass can be grown with little more than sunshine .
It will be argued that sun-food agriculture will generally yield less food than fossil - fuel agriculture .
This is debatable .
The key question you must be prepared to answer is simply this :
Can the sort of sustainable agriculture you ’re proposing feed the world ?
There are a couple of ways to answer this question .
The simplest and most honest answer is that we do n’t know , because we have n’t tried .
But in the same way we now need to learn how to run an industrial economy without cheap fossil fuel , we have no choice but to find out whether sustainable agriculture can produce enough food .
The fact is , during the past century , our agricultural research has been directed toward the goal of maximizing production with the help of fossil fuel .
There is no reason to think that bringing the same sort of resources to the development of more complex , sun-based agricultural systems would n’t produce comparable yields .
Today ’s organic farmers , operating for the most part without benefit of public investment in research , routinely achieve 80 to 100 percent of conventional yields in grain and , in drought years , frequently exceed conventional yields .
( This is because organic soils better retain moisture . )
Assuming no further improvement , could the world — with a population expected to peak at 10 billion — survive on these yields ?
First , bear in mind that the average yield of world agriculture today is substantially lower than that of modern sustainable farming .
According to a recent University of Michigan study , merely bringing international yields up to today ’s organic levels could increase the world ’s food supply by 50 percent .
The second point to bear in mind is that yield is n’t everything — and growing high - yield commodities is not quite the same thing as growing food .
Much of what we ’re growing today is not directly eaten as food but processed into low - quality calories of fat and sugar .
As the world epidemic of diet - related chronic disease has demonstrated , the sheer quantity of calories that a food system produces improves health only up to a point , but after that , quality and diversity are probably more important .
We can expect that a food system that produces somewhat less food but of a higher quality will produce healthier populations .
The final point to consider is that 40 percent of the world ’s grain output today is fed to animals ; 11 percent of the world ’s corn and soybean crop is fed to cars and trucks , in the form of biofuels .
Provided the developed world can cut its consumption of grain - based animal protein and ethanol , there should be plenty of food for everyone — however we choose to grow it .
In fact , well - designed polyculture systems , incorporating not just grains but vegetables and animals , can produce more food per acre than conventional monocultures , and food of a much higher nutritional value .
But this kind of farming is complicated and needs many more hands on the land to make it work .
Farming without fossil fuels — performing complex rotations of plants and animals and managing pests without petrochemicals — is labor intensive and takes more skill than merely “ driving and spraying , ” which is how corn - belt farmers describe what they do for a living .
To grow sufficient amounts of food using sunlight will require more people growing food — millions more .
This suggests that sustainable agriculture will be easier to implement in the developing world , where large rural populations remain , than in the West , where they do n’t .
But what about here in America , where we have only about two million farmers left to feed a population of 300 million ?
And where farmland is being lost to development at the rate of 2,880 acres a day ?
Post - oil agriculture will need a lot more people engaged in food production — as farmers and probably also as gardeners .
The sun -food agenda must include programs to train a new generation of farmers and then help put them on the land .
The average American farmer today is 55 years old ; we should n’t expect these farmers to embrace the sort of complex ecological approach to agriculture that is called for .
Our focus should be on teaching ecological farming systems to students entering land - grant colleges today .
For decades now , it has been federal policy to shrink the number of farmers in America by promoting capital - intensive monoculture and consolidation .
As a society , we devalued farming as an occupation and encouraged the best students to leave the farm for “ better ” jobs in the city .
We emptied America ’s rural counties in order to supply workers to urban factories .
To put it bluntly , we now need to reverse course .
We need more highly skilled small farmers in more places all across America — not as a matter of nostalgia for the agrarian past but as a matter of national security .
For nations that lose the ability to substantially feed themselves will find themselves as gravely compromised in their international dealings as nations that depend on foreign sources of oil presently do .
But while there are alternatives to oil , there are no alternatives to food .
National security also argues for preserving every acre of farmland we can and then making it available to new farmers .
We simply will not be able to depend on distant sources of food , and therefore need to preserve every acre of good farmland within a day ’s drive of our cities .
In the same way that when we came to recognize the supreme ecological value of wetlands we erected high bars to their development , we need to recognize the value of farmland to our national security and require real - estate developers to do “ food - system impact statements ” before development begins .
We should also create tax and zoning incentives for developers to incorporate farmland ( as they now do “ open space ” ) in their subdivision plans ; all those subdivisions now ringing golf courses could someday have diversified farms at their center .
The revival of farming in America , which of course draws on the abiding cultural power of our agrarian heritage , will pay many political and economic dividends .
It will lead to robust economic renewal in the countryside .
And it will generate tens of millions of new “ green jobs , ” which is precisely how we need to begin thinking of skilled solar farming : as a vital sector of the 21st - century post - fossil - fuel economy .
II .
Reregionalizing the Food System
For your sun-food agenda to succeed , it will have to do a lot more than alter what happens on the farm .
The government could help seed a thousand new polyculture farmers in every county in Iowa , but they would promptly fail if the grain elevator remained the only buyer in town and corn and beans were the only crops it would take .
Resolarizing the food system means building the infrastructure for a regional food economy — one that can support diversified farming and , by shortening the food chain , reduce the amount of fossil fuel in the American diet .
A decentralized food system offers a great many other benefits as well .
Food eaten closer to where it is grown will be fresher and require less processing , making it more nutritious .
Whatever may be lost in efficiency by localizing food production is gained in resilience : regional food systems can better withstand all kinds of shocks .
When a single factory is grinding 20 million hamburger patties in a week or washing 25 million servings of salad , a single terrorist armed with a canister of toxins can , at a stroke , poison millions .
Such a system is equally susceptible to accidental contamination : the bigger and more global the trade in food , the more vulnerable the system is to catastrophe .
The best way to protect our food system against such threats is obvious : decentralize it .
Today in America there is soaring demand for local and regional food ; farmers ’ markets , of which the U.S.D.A. estimates there are now 4,700 , have become one of the fastest - growing segments of the food market .
Community - supported agriculture is booming as well : there are now nearly 1,500 community - supported farms , to which consumers pay an annual fee in exchange for a weekly box of produce through the season .
The local - food movement will continue to grow with no help from the government , especially as high fuel prices make distant and out - of - season food , as well as feedlot meat , more expensive .
Yet there are several steps the government can take to nurture this market and make local foods more affordable .
Here are a few :
Four - Season Farmers ’ Markets .
Provide grants to towns and cities to build year - round indoor farmers ’ markets , on the model of Pike Place in Seattle or the Reading Terminal Market in Philadelphia .
To supply these markets , the U.S.D.A. should make grants to rebuild local distribution networks in order to minimize the amount of energy used to move produce within local food sheds .
Agricultural Enterprise Zones .
Today the revival of local food economies is being hobbled by a tangle of regulations originally designed to check abuses by the very largest food producers .
Farmers should be able to smoke a ham and sell it to their neighbors without making a huge investment in federally approved facilities .
Food - safety regulations must be made sensitive to scale and marketplace , so that a small producer selling direct off the farm or at a farmers ’ market is not regulated as onerously as a multinational food manufacturer .
This is not because local food wo n’t ever have food - safety problems — it will — only that its problems will be less catastrophic and easier to manage because local food is inherently more traceable and accountable .
Local Meat - Inspection Corps .
Perhaps the single greatest impediment to the return of livestock to the land and the revival of local , grass - based meat production is the disappearance of regional slaughter facilities .
The big meat processors have been buying up local abattoirs only to close them down as they consolidate , and the U.S.D.A. does little to support the ones that remain .
From the department ’s perspective , it is a better use of shrinking resources to dispatch its inspectors to a plant slaughtering 400 head an hour than to a regional abattoir slaughtering a dozen .
The U.S.D.A. should establish a Local Meat - Inspectors Corps to serve these processors .
Expanding on its successful pilot program on Lopez Island in Puget Sound , the U.S.D.A. should also introduce a fleet of mobile abattoirs that would go from farm to farm , processing animals humanely and inexpensively .
Nothing would do more to make regional , grass - fed meat fully competitive in the market with feedlot meat .
Establish a Strategic Grain Reserve .
In the same way the shift to alternative energy depends on keeping oil prices relatively stable , the sun -food agenda — as well as the food security of billions of people around the world — will benefit from government action to prevent huge swings in commodity prices .
A strategic grain reserve , modeled on the Strategic Petroleum Reserve , would help achieve this objective and at the same time provide some cushion for world food stocks , which today stand at perilously low levels .
Governments should buy and store grain when it is cheap and sell when it is dear , thereby moderating price swings in both directions and discouraging speculation .
Regionalize Federal Food Procurement .
In the same way that federal procurement is often used to advance important social goals ( like promoting minority - owned businesses ) , we should require that some minimum percentage of government food purchases — whether for school - lunch programs , military bases or federal prisons — go to producers located within 100 miles of institutions buying the food .
We should create incentives for hospitals and universities receiving federal funds to buy fresh local produce .
To channel even a small portion of institutional food purchasing to local food would vastly expand regional agriculture and improve the diet of the millions of people these institutions feed .
Create a Federal Definition of “ Food . ”
It makes no sense for government food - assistance dollars , intended to improve the nutritional health of at - risk Americans , to support the consumption of products we know to be unhealthful .
Yes , some people will object that for the government to specify what food stamps can and cannot buy smacks of paternalism .
Yet we already prohibit the purchase of tobacco and alcohol with food stamps .
So why not prohibit something like soda , which is arguably less nutritious than red wine ?
Because it is , nominally , a food , albeit a “ junk food . ”
We need to stop flattering nutritionally worthless foodlike substances by calling them “ junk food ” — and instead make clear that such products are not in fact food of any kind .
Defining what constitutes real food worthy of federal support will no doubt be controversial ( you ’ll recall President Reagan ’s ketchup imbroglio ) , but defining food upward may be more politically palatable than defining it down , as Reagan sought to do .
One approach would be to rule that , in order to be regarded as a food by the government , an edible substance must contain a certain minimum ratio of micronutrients per calorie of energy .
At a stroke , such a definition would improve the quality of school lunch and discourage sales of unhealthful products , since typically only “ food ” is exempt from local sales tax .
A few other ideas : Food - stamp debit cards should double in value whenever swiped at a farmers ’ markets — all of which , by the way , need to be equipped with the Electronic Benefit Transfer card readers that supermarkets already have .
We should expand the WIC program that gives farmers ’- market vouchers to low - income women with children ; such programs help attract farmers ’ markets to urban neighborhoods where access to fresh produce is often nonexistent .
( We should also offer tax incentives to grocery chains willing to build supermarkets in underserved neighborhoods . )
Federal food assistance for the elderly should build on a successful program pioneered by the state of Maine that buys low - income seniors a membership in a community - supported farm .
All these initiatives have the virtue of advancing two objectives at once : supporting the health of at - risk Americans and the revival of local food economies .
III .
Rebuilding America ’s Food Culture
In the end , shifting the American diet from a foundation of imported fossil fuel to local sunshine will require changes in our daily lives , which by now are deeply implicated in the economy and culture of fast , cheap and easy food .
Making available more healthful and more sustainable food does not guarantee it will be eaten , much less appreciated or enjoyed .
We need to use all the tools at our disposal — not just federal policy and public education but the president ’s bully pulpit and the example of the first family ’s own dinner table — to promote a new culture of food that can undergird your sun-food agenda .
Changing the food culture must begin with our children , and it must begin in the schools .
Nearly a half - century ago , President Kennedy announced a national initiative to improve the physical fitness of American children .
He did it by elevating the importance of physical education , pressing states to make it a requirement in public schools .
We need to bring the same commitment to “ edible education ” — in Alice Waters ’s phrase — by making lunch , in all its dimensions , a mandatory part of the curriculum .
On the premise that eating well is a critically important life skill , we need to teach all primary - school students the basics of growing and cooking food and then enjoying it at shared meals .
To change our children ’s food culture , we ’ll need to plant gardens in every primary school , build fully equipped kitchens , train a new generation of lunchroom ladies ( and gentlemen ) who can once again cook and teach cooking to children .
We should introduce a School Lunch Corps program that forgives federal student loans to culinary - school graduates in exchange for two years of service in the public - school lunch program .
And we should immediately increase school - lunch spending per pupil by $ 1 a day — the minimum amount food - service experts believe it will take to underwrite a shift from fast food in the cafeteria to real food freshly prepared .
But it is not only our children who stand to benefit from public education about food .
Today most federal messages about food , from nutrition labeling to the food pyramid , are negotiated with the food industry .
The surgeon general should take over from the Department of Agriculture the job of communicating with Americans about their diet .
That way we might begin to construct a less equivocal and more effective public - health message about nutrition .
Indeed , there is no reason that public - health campaigns about the dangers of obesity and Type 2 diabetes should n’t be as tough and as effective as public - health campaigns about the dangers of smoking .
The Centers for Disease Control estimates that one in three American children born in 2000 will develop Type 2 diabetes .
The public needs to know and see precisely what that sentence means : blindness ; amputation ; early death .
All of which can be avoided by a change in diet and lifestyle .
A public - health crisis of this magnitude calls for a blunt public - health message , even at the expense of offending the food industry .
Judging by the success of recent antismoking campaigns , the savings to the health care system could be substantial .
There are other kinds of information about food that the government can supply or demand .
In general we should push for as much transparency in the food system as possible — the other sense in which “ sunlight ” should be the watchword of our agenda .
The F.D.A. should require that every packaged - food product include a second calorie count , indicating how many calories of fossil fuel went into its production .
Oil is one of the most important ingredients in our food , and people ought to know just how much of it they ’re eating .
The government should also throw its support behind putting a second bar code on all food products that , when scanned either in the store or at home ( or with a cellphone ) , brings up on a screen the whole story and pictures of how that product was produced : in the case of crops , images of the farm and lists of agrochemicals used in its production ; in the case of meat and dairy , descriptions of the animals ’ diet and drug regimen , as well as live video feeds of the CAFO where they live and , yes , the slaughterhouse where they die .
The very length and complexity of the modern food chain breeds a culture of ignorance and indifference among eaters .
Shortening the food chain is one way to create more conscious consumers , but deploying technology to pierce the veil is another .
Finally , there is the power of the example you set in the White House .
If what ’s needed is a change of culture in America ’s thinking about food , then how America ’s first household organizes its eating will set the national tone , focusing the light of public attention on the issue and communicating a simple set of values that can guide Americans toward sun-based foods and away from eating oil .
The choice of White House chef is always closely watched , and you would be wise to appoint a figure who is identified with the food movement and committed to cooking simply from fresh local ingredients .
Besides feeding you and your family exceptionally well , such a chef would demonstrate how it is possible even in Washington to eat locally for much of the year , and that good food need n’t be fussy or complicated but does depend on good farming .
You should make a point of the fact that every night you ’re in town , you join your family for dinner in the Executive Residence — at a table .
( Surely you remember the Reagans ’ TV trays . )
And you should also let it be known that the White House observes one meatless day a week — a step that , if all Americans followed suit , would be the equivalent , in carbon saved , of taking 20 million midsize sedans off the road for a year .
Let the White House chef post daily menus on the Web , listing the farmers who supplied the food , as well as recipes .
Since enhancing the prestige of farming as an occupation is critical to developing the sun- based regional agriculture we need , the White House should appoint , in addition to a White House chef , a White House farmer .
This new post would be charged with implementing what could turn out to be your most symbolically resonant step in building a new American food culture .
And that is this : tear out five prime south - facing acres of the White House lawn and plant in their place an organic fruit and vegetable garden .
When Eleanor Roosevelt did something similar in 1943 , she helped start a Victory Garden movement that ended up making a substantial contribution to feeding the nation in wartime .
( Less well known is the fact that Roosevelt planted this garden over the objections of the U.S.D.A. , which feared home gardening would hurt the American food industry . )
By the end of the war , more than 20 million home gardens were supplying 40 percent of the produce consumed in America .
The president should throw his support behind a new Victory Garden movement , this one seeking “ victory ” over three critical challenges we face today : high food prices , poor diets and a sedentary population .
Eating from this , the shortest food chain of all , offers anyone with a patch of land a way to reduce their fossil - fuel consumption and help fight climate change .
( We should offer grants to cities to build allotment gardens for people without access to land . )
Just as important , Victory Gardens offer a way to enlist Americans , in body as well as mind , in the work of feeding themselves and changing the food system — something more ennobling , surely , than merely asking them to shop a little differently .
I do n’t need to tell you that ripping out even a section of the White House lawn will be controversial : Americans love their lawns , and the South Lawn is one of the most beautiful in the country .
But imagine all the energy , water and petrochemicals it takes to make it that way .
( Even for the purposes of this memo , the White House would not disclose its lawn - care regimen . )
Yet as deeply as Americans feel about their lawns , the agrarian ideal runs deeper still , and making this particular plot of American land productive , especially if the First Family gets out there and pulls weeds now and again , will provide an image even more stirring than that of a pretty lawn : the image of stewardship of the land , of self - reliance and of making the most of local sunlight to feed one ’s family and community .
The fact that surplus produce from the South Lawn Victory Garden ( and there will be literally tons of it ) will be offered to regional food banks will make its own eloquent statement .
You ’re probably thinking that growing and eating organic food in the White House carries a certain political risk .
It is true you might want to plant iceberg lettuce rather than arugula , at least to start .
( Or simply call arugula by its proper American name , as generations of Midwesterners have done : “ rocket . ” )
But it should not be difficult to deflect the charge of elitism sometimes leveled at the sustainable - food movement .
Reforming the food system is not inherently a right - or - left issue : for every Whole Foods shopper with roots in the counterculture you can find a family of evangelicals intent on taking control of its family dinner and diet back from the fast - food industry — the culinary equivalent of home schooling .
You should support hunting as a particularly sustainable way to eat meat — meat grown without any fossil fuels whatsoever .
There is also a strong libertarian component to the sun-food agenda , which seeks to free small producers from the burden of government regulation in order to stoke rural innovation .
And what is a higher “ family value , ” after all , than making time to sit down every night to a shared meal ?
Our agenda puts the interests of America ’s farmers , families and communities ahead of the fast - food industry ’s .
For that industry and its apologists to imply that it is somehow more “ populist ” or egalitarian to hand our food dollars to Burger King or General Mills than to support a struggling local farmer is absurd .
Yes , sun food costs more , but the reasons why it does only undercut the charge of elitism : cheap food is only cheap because of government handouts and regulatory indulgence ( both of which we will end ) , not to mention the exploitation of workers , animals and the environment on which its putative “ economies ” depend .
Cheap food is food dishonestly priced — it is in fact unconscionably expensive .
Your sun-food agenda promises to win support across the aisle .
It builds on America ’s agrarian past , but turns it toward a more sustainable , sophisticated future .
It honors the work of American farmers and enlists them in three of the 21st century ’s most urgent errands : to move into the post - oil era , to improve the health of the American people and to mitigate climate change .
Indeed , it enlists all of us in this great cause by turning food consumers into part - time producers , reconnecting the American people with the American land and demonstrating that we need not choose between the welfare of our families and the health of the environment — that eating less oil and more sunlight will redound to the benefit of both .
Paula Abdul says the Fox network and American Idol producers knew Paula Goodspeed had stalked her , and allowed the woman to audition for the show anyway .
" I said this girl is a stalker of mine and please do not let her in , " Abdul said during an interview with Barbara Walters on her Sirius XM radio show .
Goodspeed was found dead - she had apparently committed suicide - in a car near Abdul 's home last month .
How to know if your a Hacker
Unrated
The Science of Memory An Infinite Loop in the Brain
Would n't it be great to be able to remember everything ?
To see all our most important moments , all the priceless encounters , adventures and triumphs ?
What if memory never faded , but instead could be retrieved at any time , as reliably as films in a video store ?
After years as perhaps the most recognisable face of capitalist success and excess , Donald Trump is suddenly bogged down in a string of legal and financial battles across his property and entertainment empire .
From Dubai to Chicago , from Atlantic City to Aberdeen , the host of the US version of The Apprentice is scaling back his ambitions for global domination , trying to fend off furious bankers and facing new questions from political opponents .
These are grim echoes of the past for a man who , during the recession of the early - Nineties , was forced to put large chunks of his business into bankruptcy , and even teetered on the edge of financial ruin .
His re-emergence from that disaster is such a source of personal pride that he even sued the author of a book that estimated his wealth in mere millions , rather than billions , of dollars .
The official tally – from Forbes magazine , which is the unofficial arbiter of these things – is that Mr Trump was worth $ 3bn ( £ 2 bn ) at the last count , but that was before a string of disasters that was still unfolding yesterday .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
It emerged that the Trump Organisation and its partners in Dubai were mothballing work on a 62 - storey steel and glass skyscraper on one of the palm tree - shaped artificial islands in the Arabian Gulf .
The development was meant to be a hotel and residential complex boasting Norman Foster bathtubs and furniture by the Italian designer Poltrona Frau , and Mr Trump had personally earmarked one of the penthouse suites .
But demand has collapsed along with the fortunes of the wealthy that had flocked to Dubai in the boom .
Meanwhile , yesterday was also the deadline for Mr Trump 's publicly - quoted casinos business to make a $ 53.1 m interest payment – a payment it said it would have to skip because of its mounting financial troubles .
Trump Entertainment Resorts ' shares are pennies away from zero , the company having lost 99 per cent of its value in two years , a sure sign that investors think it will go bust – again .
The firm , which owns three of the most opulent casinos in Atlantic City , the East Coast 's answer to Las Vegas , has been in and out of bankruptcy protection twice in the past 20 years , and Mr Trump and the other directors have begun talks with bankers in the hope of saving it .
Such is the sensitivity that the company issued a statement declaring that its own death would hardly graze the Trump fortune .
It represents just 1 per cent of his personal holdings .
The trouble is that those other real estate interests are also showing strain , given the crumbling property market across the US .
In Philadelphia , a Trump Tower with apartments slated to sell for $ 700,000 and up has been halted until the economy improves .
And there is an even bigger mess in Chicago , where Mr Trump has half - built a hotel and condominium complex that will be taller than New York 's Empire State Building .
He is being sued by Deutsche Bank , which provided loans for the project and says he missed a deadline this month to pay off the remaining $ 334 m .
Mr Trump got his own suit in earlier , claiming Deutsche should have allowed an extension because the credit crisis counts as force majeure , equivalent to acts of God .
In Scotland , where he fought for two years to be allowed to build a controversial £ 1bn golf and luxury homes complex on an unspoilt stretch of the Aberdeenshire coast , members of the Scottish Parliament are questioning if the project will ever now get built .
The suggestion is nonsense , George Sorial , the manager of Mr Trump 's Aberdeen golf course , said yesterday , since all the tycoon 's property interests are standalone businesses , and the Aberdeen golf complex is a long - term project .
" Is Mr Trump still a billionaire ? " asked Mr Soriel .
" That 's a silly question .
Of course he is . "
Feeling the crunch : Millionaires ' woes
Sumner RedStone
The media mogul , who owns Paramount Studios , MTV and CBS , is in talks with bankers after breaching debt rules .
Yesterday he sold his stake in Midway Games , and may have to break up the entire empire .
According to the LA Times , Mr Redstone , 85 , is also considering selling National Amusements , a chain of cinemas with 1,500 screens , mainly in the US , although it has expanded into the UK , Russia and Latin America .
Rupert Murdoch
The tycoon and his family have lost an estimated $ 4.8 bn ( £ 3.1 bn ) because of the crumbling share price of News Corporation , his global media empire .
Its shares are down by more than half because media advertising revenues have dried up .
Oleg Deripaska
The Russian metals magnate ( and occasional associate of the shadow Chancellor George Osborne ) is on a list of friends of Vladimir Putin in line to access bailout funds from the Kremlin after he received cash calls from lenders including Merrill Lynch and Royal Bank of Scotland .
His tumbling stake in Norilsk Nickel was used as collateral .
Hello , Hello-
This is my great - great grandfather 's bike from 1896 !
Yes , it 's that old , and the crazy part is the frame is made out of cast aluminum , it was made by the Lu- Mi -Num company in St. Louis .
Their logo is cast in the head tube .
For some perspective on age , the Wright brothers first flight was 6 years after this bike was built , ( first flight was in 1903 ) .
I understand this to be one of the first aluminum bicycles ever made .
The rims are original and made of wood .
They are quite wide and set up for tubulars much wider than anything made today - Wheel Size : 27 " .
The bike is fixed and uses a skip tooth chain .
The saddle is a new Brooks B - 17 special .
The lamp on the front is a " Cyclops " brass kerosene lamp made by the Manhattan Brass Co. in 1896 .
The last little accent are the handmade wooden valve caps , made by a colleague of mine .
Thanks for looking !
- Matt from Des Moines , Iowa .
If there 's a company out there that engages in price gouging more blatantly than Monster , I 've never heard of them .
Today 's offense : charging $ 700 for a pair of $ 350 headphones painted white .
Advertisement
The headphones in question are the Dr. Dre Beats headphones , a nice pair of over - the - ear cans with noise cancellation and a cellphone mic built in .
Advertisement
Now , Monster and some guy names Ron Herman are offering up white versions of the Beats in a limited edition run .
The price for the new paintjob is $ 699 .
That is the only difference between the two sets of headphones : the color .
Seriously Monster , I know you like money , but good lord , at least try to disguise your unquenchable greed a little bit .
[ CrunchGear ]
Much importance has been ascribed to tracking the change in Arctic sea ice , but what about the global trend ?
That does n’t seem to get much press .
However there is some important information that needs to be presented related to the global trend of sea ice as measured by satellite since 1979 .
The results are surprising .
– Anthony
Source : NASA ’s Aqua satellite – click for larger image
A guest post by Jeff Id , from The Air Vent
2nd Update 12/24/08
It turns out that an error in documentation at NSIDC is the cause , see this new post for a full explanation .
Update and correction :
To my readers , Anthony Watts received a comment from our friend Tamino on the ice data I used for the area analysis .
Unfortunately for me he is right this time .
It appears that a correction to the data is required prior to 1987 which will create an approximate negative trend of 0.88 million sq kilometers per 30 years .
It is a fairly small trend in the scheme of a 20 million sq kilometer signal , but understand this mistake is entirely mine and is unrelated to Anthony Watts excellent blog .
Unfortunately the change makes the Area signal difficult to determine prior to 1988 because the percent fill is unknown .
Anthony cannot check every detail of a post which took me days of research and he simply requested if he could copy it here .
The link to my corrections is :
http://noconsensus.wordpress.com/2008/12/16/sea-ice-decreases-despite-the-air-vent/
My apologies .
Jeff Id
I calculated a true global sea ice anomaly in this post using the National Snow Ice Data Center data .
What would you say if I told you that over the last 30 years the sea ice area has stayed flat or even trended —
Up !!!???
This is n’t a small deal .
We have been told , well screamed at really , that CO2 is causing unprecedented rise of temperature on a global scale .
We hear constantly that the ice is melting and the result will be dramatic flooding of the earth ; movies have even been made .
Those of us who pay attention to the scientists have heard that the most significant warming will be at the poles ( according to the computer models ) .
We also hear that the Antarctic has added ice during the same time the Arctic lost sea ice .
This is explained in that the Antarctic ice increase is a local situation and the Arctic ice loss is a result of global warming .
A unique form of cherry picking but should be treated with an open mind .
If you ’ve been paying attention , you have heard that the net ice level is going down .
The Antarctic gain cannot compensate for the Arctic loss .
Well , I set out to see how bad the situation is .
First , anthropogenic global warming scientists use two measures , extent and area .
Extent looks at all the square Kilometers ( Km^2 ) with more than 15 % ice in them and adds them up .
Area looks at all the square Kilometers ( Km ^2 ) with more than 15 % ice in them and adds them up but multiplies the Km^2 by the amount of ice in the square kilometer .
i.e -( if you have 1 Km^2 of sea filled 15 % , ice - extent counts it as 1 K m ^ 2 while area counts it as 15 % of 1 K m ^2 or 0.15 K m^2 )
This post deals with the amount of sea ice so I used Area .
In the future Iwill do it with extent .
The NSIDC uses two algorithms for calculation of sea ice , nasateam and bootstrap .
We will look at both here .
Without modification the NSIDC data for bootstrap runs from 1978 - Dec. 2006 and the nasateam runs from 1978 - Dec 2007 , these near 30 year trends comply close enough with current science which states ( conveniently ) that climate requires a 30 year trend to see the result .
This is a graph of the global sea ice area from the nasateam algorithm .
The red line is the slope of the global sea ice data from nasateam in its raw format .
The slope is negative by only 6803 Km ^2 / year and the mean is 18,290,000 km^2 .
We should look at sea ice anomaly to be the most accurate for trend .
To calculate sea ice anomaly I took the average shape of the annual signal and subtracted it from the curve above .
The average ice variation globally looks like this on an annual basis .
I subtracted this curve above to get the sea ice anomaly .
The downward slope of this graph is more extreme but the scale is highly magnified .
The net downslope in 30 years of global warming is – 10173 K m ^ 2 / year .
Over 29 years of data this means that we have lost 302025 Km^2 of ice .
This is a 1.65 percent drop in global ice level in 30 years .
Remember though that this data ended on an extraordinary high melt year of 2007 , the ice level can be seen recovering in dec 07 leading into 2008 .
This shows as a slight change in slope of the very tip of the first graph ( a subtle , difficult to see effect ) .
Well NSIDC recommends using the Bootstrap algorithm for research instead of Nasateam because of certain errors which have been corrected for .
The bootstrap algorithm plot for global data looks like this .
The red line is slope again , and this time it is positive , indicating an increase in ice level from 1978 - Dec 2006 .
The slope of the red line is plus 6341 km ^2 per year indicating that the earth in 28 years has added 177,000 sq kilometers of ice with a mean ice level of 20.42 million Km^2 .
The anomaly is better for calculating trends because it cleans up the end points making the slope insensitive to the start and stop point of the annual cycle .
The up trend for the anomaly in sea ice from 1978 to end 2006 is 804 K m ^ 2 per year .
Which in our timeframe the preferred bootstrap algorithm says the earth ADDED 22,000 Km^2 of ice area !!
Here are the anomalies rescaled to actual by adding the mean of the original data back in .
Obviously people cannot make the claim that sea ice is being lost .
It is n’t .
The data shows that our trend is basically flat during this time of unprecedented temperatures .
It ’s clear that there has been no significant change in sea ice area .
This is almost enough to make me turn in my Skeptic union card , but increased CO2 warming the earth makes some sense to me , the magnitude is in question .
The fact that polar sea ice not melting is not an insignificant point .
It is also important to realize that the changes are too small to fit with IPCC statements about the trend .
Unlike trees , ice does make a good thermometer .
I ca n’t say this strongly enough —
This is a strong indication of substantial errors in the computer models and temperature data which needs to be addressed before we throw what ’s left of our global economy to the wind .
How would Earth ’s total sea ice ignore such substantial warming ?
It ’s a good question which deserves an answer .
I will update this when new data becomes available and will also attempt to demonstrate that the net slopes we see are within the margin of error for the measurement in a future post .
In the meantime , lets let the world know the truth .
We are n’t going to drown any time soon !
— — — — —— ——
I had a request for description of the difference between the bootstrap and nasateam algorithms .
It is a bit complex but it seems well documented on the NSIDC here are a few links and descriptions from that site .
From FAQ section .
2 . What is the difference between the NASA Team algorithm and the Bootstrap algorithm ?
For general analyses or creation of simple images , either algorithm will suffice .
The Bootstrap sea ice concentration data set is believed to be more useful for modeling and process studies in the polar regions because it is generally free of residual errors that could not be removed by conventional techniques .
A temporally more consistent time series of sea ice concentrations is provided , offering improved accuracy over the ice concentration maps created from the original Bootstrap algorithm .
More interesting to me was the table provided which shows the strenghts and weaknesses of each process .
The original table is at the link above .
For more details and complete descriptions NSIDC provides two links Bootstrap and Nasateam
HERE is a link to the R code to make the above graphs .
Data sources :
ftp://sidads.colorado.edu/pub/DATASETS/seaice/polar-stereo/
Sponsored IT training links :
We offer highest quality 000 - 152 dumps with certified 1z0 - 051 test demos so you will prepare and pass HP0 - D07 exam on time .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Christmas tree Sudoku : a puzzle celebration with 15 overlapping Sudoku grids
The most popular Christmas tradition wears a new shape this year as Conceptis uncovers a 15 - grid Multi Sudoku puzzle with the outline of a Christmas tree .
This novel idea was conceived by Keesing Group B.V. in Netherlands who were looking for a special Christmas offer to the newspapers this year .
Puzzle fans can now enjoy solving samples of this uniquely shaped puzzle in Conceptis ' Multi Sudoku page as well as by clicking the Play button on the widget below .
600,000 Christmas tree Sudoku posters
According to Frank Rietveld , Manager IPS & International operations of Tazuku at Keesing Group , 600,000 Christmas tree Sudoku posters ( shown right ) had been stitched to 30 latest issues of Keesing 's Tazuku magazine series including 9 magazines with Conceptis puzzles .
" Our goal with the poster " says Rietveld , " is to offer Tazuku fans , including subscribers and random buyers , a nice free extra for the holiday season . "
GAMES Magazine has also included a Christmas tree Sudoku in the December issue published in the USA .
According to Dave Green , president of Conceptis , magazine and newspaper publishers are welcome to use Christmas tree Sudoku puzzles in their next publications for promotional purposes or just for their reader ’s fun .
Magazines with Christmas tree Sudoku poster
The magazines that include the 35x50 cm full color poster will be available in stores in The Netherlands , Belgium and Denmark between end of November to the week before Christmas .
Following is a list of Keesing 's magazines with Conceptis puzzles which contain the Christmas tree Sudoku poster .
Issue numbers are in parentheses .
In The Netherlands :
Tazuku Sudoku Mix ( 13 )
Tazuku Brainfun ( 7 )
In Belgium :
Tazuku Sudoku Varia ( 7 )
Tazuku Sudoku Mix ( 13 )
Tazuku Brainfun ( 7 )
Tazuku Sudoku Samurai ( 7 )
In Denmark :
Tazuku Brainfun ( 5 )
Tazuku Sudoku Twins ( 8 )
Sudoku Varia ( 21 )
Related resources
Like and share
Gaza 's punishment continues today .
Communication has been intermittent , but we have managed to keep the lines open .
My father just called to inform me he was ok - after warplanes bombed the Islamic University there , considered to be the Strip 's premiere academic institution .
A little later I called my mother , only to hear her crying on the phone .
" The planes are overhead " she cried " the planes are overhead " .
I tried to calm her down - planes overhead mean the " target " is further away .
But in such moments of intense fear , there is no room for rationality and logic .
There is you , and there are war planes ; and nothing in between , besides orders and a video game screen .
Her panic subsided slightly ... " ok ok your father says it was the navy gunships ... they hit the pier ... the poor fishermen , its not like its even a real pier ... its just the pier , just the pier ... "
She tried to convince my father not to go out to the mosque today .
But he did .
Most people stayed indoors .
So far , the death toll has reach over 300 , with nearly 1000 injured , many critically .
OCHA reports
search operations for dead bodies trapped under the rubble are still ongoing .
Piles of bodies were places in front of Shifa hospital for identification - some too charred or dismembered to identify .
Most fatalities were civilian police ; others included at least 20 children , nine women , and 60 other unarmed civilians .
The plotters have plotted ; the pawns were in place ; and the living dead continue to be massacred without a protest .
The Trial of Saddam Hussein
The Trial of Saddam Hussein
By Dr. Abdul - Haq Al - Ani
Paperback : 421 pages
Publisher : Clarity Press ( May 1 , 2008 )
ISBN - 10 : 0932863582
ISBN - 13 : 978-0932863584
Spurred by his abhorrence of imperialism and to better equip himself , Abdul - Haq Al - Ani studied law in Britain .
The barrister then applied his knowledge to become , temporarily , part of Saddam Hussein ’s defense team and to write The Trial of Saddam Hussein , and even though the book profoundly , cogently , and — on its face — irrefutably exposes the injustice of the trial of Iraqi President Saddam Hussein and his co-defendants , it exposes much , much more .
Al - Ani ’s analysis of the trial of Hussein is based in a system of entrenched injustice imposed by the imperialist , occidental world .
For the imperialist system , with collaborationist Iraqis , was not conjured into existence to “ try ” and condemn Hussein .
Al - Ani describes an extant , hypocritical system wherein law applies to the victims of imperialists , but imperialists hold themselves above the law .
“ A state cannot operate internationally and rely on international law and the UN , but still be able to excuse itself from being bound by whatever it chooses to reject .
This is an unsustainable argument , ” reasons Al - Ani .
The United States is a testament to how preponderent prowess in violence sets a “ nation ” beyond the reach of the law .
The United States of America is built upon the denationalization of the Original Peoples and a subsequent colonization by the genocidaires .
Yet the US government has never apologized to its victims , recompensed them , or atoned for its malevolence .
This is the historical baggage carried by the US .
So , historically , any claim to moral authority by the US ( that is , being a self - proclaimed beacon on the hill , a human rights leader , or a leader of the free world , etc. ) , in an effort to bolster or garner legitimacy for its “ adventurism ” abroad , is preposterous and nugatory .
Al - Ani details the illegality that underlies the invasion of Iraq — a prima facie “ supreme international crime ” so reprehensible that the Nuremburg Tribunal said it differs from other war crimes in that “ it contains within itself the accumulated evil of the whole . ”
The barrister accuses the US - UK of genocide .
The genocide dates back to at least 1991 when the US formed a coalition to oust Hussein ’s invasion force from Kuwait , a state whose borders are an imperialist creation and , therefore , according to Al - Ani , violable .
Ergo , the invasion of Kuwait was caused by British imperialists .
Al - Ani gives an Arab perspective on the Ba’ath Party ( divulging that he is a former member ) and its importance to the citizens of Iraq and wider afield in the Middle East .
The party captured the nationalist aspirations of the people and attracted those people opposed to the imperialist - Zionist usurpation of Palestine .
As for life under the rule of Saddam Hussein , Al - Ani asserts that Iraqis were safe as long as they did not cross the “ red line ” ; that is , they did not act or conspire against the Ba’ath Party or state .
Al - Ani does not focus on whether Hussein was a good man or bad man .
He is focused on adherence to the norms of law and justice .
Hussein does receive criticism , however , especially for his “ calamitous miscalculation ” to attack Iran — a “ gift to imperialism . ”
I wonder what Al - Ani would say if someone wrote that same words to describe the attack of Iraq ?
Al - Ani situates in time .
He presents a picture of a thriving Iraq in 1991 : a surfeit of electricity ; clean , well , equipped hospitals and clinics free to all Iraqis ; clean water ; no illiteracy ; free education from elementary school right through graduate school ; home - based industries ; a good highway system ; and a real estate bank to provide low - interest loans for low - income families ( wiped out by Paul Bremer ) .
Compare this to Iraq today where the electric grid still has not been fully restored .
What permits such carnage and destruction ?
Al - Ani sees an inability to recognize and embrace diversity .
Eurocentrism , he posits , holds sway ; law that thwarts imperialists can be swatted aside while the same law can be bent to damn the defiers of imperialists .
The Trial of Saddam Hussein gives poignant examples of Eurocentrism : from the United Nations Charter and delegation of powers between the General Assembly and the Security Council , drawing of international borders , international law and its application , to the arrogation of the right to breach the borders of sovereign nations .
What gives Westerners the right to disarm Iraq ?
Al - Ani compares , “ Equally perplexing for the Muslim jurist is that Isreal is rewarded with new weapons and financial backing following the invasion of Lebanon [ in 2006 ] while Iraq is decimated following its invasion of Kuwait . ”
Militaristically inclined types proffer that a so - called humanitarian intervention can justify the violation of national sovereignty .
Here Al - Ani sides with law professor Francis Boyle who described humanitarian intervention as “ a joke and a fraud . ”
Obviously , for humanitarian interventions to have any moral or legal legitimacy , they must not be capricious nor unilateral ; otherwise , they can function criminally as pretexts for imperialism .
Surely no one would suggest there was anything humanitarian in the annihilation of Fallujah .
Here again Eurocentrism is exposed .
After all , how would Occidentals respond if a Christian or Jewish town in the West were obliterated ?
International Law
Al - Ani sees two legitimate sources of international law : the United Nations General Assembly and treaties .
He has scorn for the International Criminal Court ( ICC ) for reasons such as its Article 16 , which defers to the Security Council , undermining ICC independence and making it a “ judicial tool of imperialism ” as well as its inability to agree on a definition for the crime of aggression .
Al - Ani does not mince words when he notes “ the great silence of the jurists of the Anglo - Saxon world , which almost amounts to an acquiescence in the crimes ” of aggression .
The invasion was illegal under the UN Charter .
Al - Ani argues that since Iraq was not a threat to peace , it would have been impossible to invoke a resolution of attack against it .
It violates the raison d’être of the organization .
Nevertheless , the UN Security Council passed Resolution 1472 which instead of condemning the attack remained seized of the matter — pointing , according to Al - Ani , to the futility and incompetence of the UN , an understandable view given what has transpired .
Arresting Saddam Hussein
Al - Ani notes ,
“ It is ironic that the US / UK intended to try top Iraqi officials for crimes of stipulated Iraqi laws while at the same refusing to accept the jurisdiction of the prevailing Iraqi law . ”
He observes that Article 131 of the 2005 Iraqi Constitution calling for the continuation of the Tribunal was without legitimate legal force since it was implemented under occupation .
Consequently , there was no legal jurisdiction for trying Saddam Hussein .
Among the problems with the arrest of Saddam Hussein :
a head - of - state does not lose authority at hands of occupier ;
a head - of - state has legal immunity ; and
Hussein could not be classified as a POW .
The Iraqi High Tribunal
Among the problems Al - Ani finds with the Iraqi High Tribunal :
De-Ba’athication ( an act which constitutes a crime against humanity according to the ICC ’s Article 7 ) removed all Ba’athist judges in Iraq , yet Article 43 of the Hague Convention forbids this .
What process was used to select judges ?
Who were the judges ?
The anonymous judges were secretly trained in Britain .
Al - Ani asks , “ [ W ] hy should an Iraqi tribunal with allegedly Iraqi judges and operating under Iraqi law be trained by private contractors who have no knowledge of Iraqi law ? ”
Judicial independence : the Iraqi Special Tribunal , later renamed the Iraqi High Tribunal ( IHT ) , was clearly set up by the occupiers .
Al - Ani argues that the trial was completely controlled by the US through the Regime Crimes Liaison Office ( RCLO ) set up by the US Department of Justice and funded by the US Congress .
Preventing international lawyers to aid Hussein ’s defense — a violation of the legal concept Equality of Arms : “ The right of the accused to legal counsel is so universal that it is difficult to see how a court would admit evidence secured when the accused was not in receipt of legal advice . ”
Security for the defense : defense lawyers were murdered , forced to flee Iraq , and intimidated ; so - called Human Rights Watch ( HRW ) admitted as much .
Defense and witnesses faced the possibility of civil suits for actions and words in court .
The collapse in security made finding willing defense witnesses difficult : “ The inequality between the blanket anonymity granted to the prosecution witnesses and the exposure of the identity of one potential defense witness clearly demonstrates the inequality of arms . ”
Defendants were prevented the right to private and confidential legal counsel .
Switching chief justices ; the International Center for Transitional Justice ( ICTJ ) charged that this was a “ blatant attack on the independence of the judiciary . ”
The court - appointed defense ’s performance was “ poor ” ; they turned down right to cross examine witnesses often or were denied cross-examination by the court .
Important evidence was withheld from the trial and defense .
It was seven months into trial before charges were formally laid against Hussein and co-defendants .
Overt judicial bias : hearsay admitted ; court relied on witness testimony when documentary evidence was available ; transmission of defendant ’s spoken words was cut off during trial ; the court refused to respond to defense requests .
Closing the defense ’s case summarily .
The appeal process was a mockery : 30 days to present an appeal , and no right to challenge the legality of the IHT whose statute Al - Ani finds riddled with errors and flagrant grammatical mistakes , indicating that it was a translation from English .
Al - Ani wonders why HRW and the ICTJ did not complain .
Why Dujail ?
The Tribunal made events occuring in the town of Dujail , a stronghold of the Iranian - backed Da’wah Party , the first case to be tried against Saddam Hussein and his top officials .
In 1982 , assassins from Dujail ambushed Hussein ’s motorcade .
Hussein was accused afterwards of ordering a crackdown in which 148 of the town ’s men were sentenced and executed .
It is not the most heinous crime alleged of Hussein , yet that is where the Tribunal began and ended .
Al - Ani writes that the perpetrators involved in the assassination admitted to acting on orders from Iran , a treasonous act during war , which then raged between Iraq and Iran .
He sees no relevance of Geneva Conventions to the Dujail case .
Yet , even some western - based progressivist writers and corporate media critics were quick to share the corporate media line on Hussein ’s guilt over events at Dujail .
Even though during the trial , Hussein had accepted sole responsibility for the killings at Dujail , the IHT was hard - pressed to support its verdict .
The ICTJ wrote , “ The Dujail verdict was delivered in a 40 - minute session that gave little indication of the judgment ’s detail and reasoning . ”
Nonetheless , “ Even if Saddam Hussein accepted responsibilty and knew of the punishments the culprits were likely to and did incur , including death by hanging , it does not make him anymore of a criminal than Governor George Bush signing the death warrants of criminals in Texas , some of whom turned out to be innocent … ”
Also , an admission itself was insufficient to convict since , Al - Ani argues , evidence of the wrongdoing by the Revolutionary Guard and demonstrating Hussein ’s knowledge of this was a necessary condition .
Al - Ani concludes that the Tribunal failed to establish that Hussein was criminally responsible for Dujail .
Of the judgment , Al - Ani finds , “ It is difficult to resist the conclusion that the judgment was written in English by the US / UK legal advisors in the RCLO in exactly the same way the defense was written by an appointee of the RCLO and translated into Arabic . ”
He criticizes HRW , which “ after spending months observing the trial , did not arrive at the only conclusion possible , namely that the Tribunal and those who served in it had been chosen because they were convinced of the guilt of the accused … ”
“ The most bizarre thing about this trial is that the accused were sentenced to death before the court argued the reasons for it in its judgment . ”
An appeal by the defense was rejected .
Of the appeal judgment , Al - Ani says , “ [ T ] he lack of a single piece of evidence being identified to support its judgment , the misunderstanding of the principles of international law and the total indifference to the principles of justice that transcend all laws , international and domestic .
These all demonstrate the incompetence of the IHT and a total failure of justice . ”
Thus had the US - UK obtained a “ victor ’s justice by proxy . ”
Saddam Hussein was sentenced to hanging .
Al - Ani objects that the basis for carrying out a death sentence was flimsy and illegitimate ; moreover , it was disrespectfully pushed through on a Sunni holy day “ with the connivance of an illegal occupying entity . ”
Al - Ani finds “ the sole contribution of the Tribunal is that it sets a precedent for trying other heads of state who challenge US supremacy … ”
He considers George W. Bush and Tony Blair the most obvious candidates to be tried under this precedent .
Instead the ICC is pursuing prosecution of a sitting head - of - state in Sudan , which has aggressed no other country .
Eurocentrism ?
The Trial of Saddam Hussein is densely packed with legal arguments ( though eminently readable and comprehensible ) and fastidious conclusions , and a simple book review cannot do justice to the plethora of rationales that Al - Ani provides .
At this time of year , if Christmas means anything about peace on Earth and good will towards fellow humans , then read The Trial of Saddam Hussein by Al - Ani , and become active in the antiwar and social justice movements .
We never figured out if Barack Obama really used a Microsoft ( MSFT ) Zune or if it was just a Democratic Convention freebie .
But it 's gone now .
AP photographer Gerald Herbert captured this photo today of the president elect using what 's definitely an Apple ( AAPL ) iPod .
( Looks like an old iPod nano . )
Breathe easy , Apple faithful !
See Also :
The Greatest iPhone App You Can't Buy : " Aqua Obama "
It 's Time For An Apple Tablet : Where 's My iPod Touch HD ?
Apple iPod Touch A Big Christmas Winner
It 's pretty easy to get people to pay attention when NASA does something big ; the press will happily jump on both major discoveries and mishaps .
But the actual research process is typically a collection of small triumphs and tragedies ; conveying that to the public is much harder .
With the Mars Phoenix Lander , NASA used Twitter , a microblogging service , to get its message out , and the Twitter feed attracted nearly 40,000 followers .
Ars talked with the JPL's Veronica McGregor about the experience .
The decision to tweet
The initial idea of using Twitter was part of a general NASA trend to go directly to the public in new ways .
In what McGregor described as " the good old days " — " I always laugh when I think that the ' old days ' means 2001 , " she said — publicity was mostly handled through a one - way feed of text and video releases to the media .
They now have both a standard - definition and hi-def video feed on iTunes and have started a YouTube channel .
Back in March , when the Cassini mission , which orbits Saturn , was doing a close flyby to check out the geysers of the moon Enceladus , the team tried running a blog of the event .
They found it to be far too time - intensive , requiring a constant cycle of talking to scientists , running posts past editors , working with the web team , etc .
" We wanted to keep going with the blogs , but we were definitely open for ideas on other products that we could do that might not be so time intensive for the staff , " McGregor said .
When a staff member suggested it , the team checked out Twitter ( nobody was quite sure how it operated ) .
Although McGregor said the limits on text were appealing , " the real selling point was the fact that the updates could go directly to people 's cell phones .
The reason that was so thrilling for me was that we were landing on the Sunday of Memorial Day weekend .
Holiday weekends are when readership and viewership for news just really goes down — people are n't paying attention , they 're on vacation . "
Twitter meant that they could reach these people , even if they were at the beach .
McGregor manages the news office at the JPL , which made her the obvious choice to run the Twitter feed , since she has to approve everything that comes out of the office anyway .
" It was probably just going to be easier to take out an extra step and for me to just do it myself , " she said .
She mentioned to the scientists and engineers in a pre-mission briefing that the tweets would happen , but she thinks that most of them just nodded politely .
Building an audience
McGregor set up the Twitter account a few weeks before landing and started providing updates on the engine firings that corrected Phoenix 's course on its final approach .
Her " advertising " took the form of a few notifications posted to space flight forums .
" Within a couple of days — literally within three days — we started seeing it show up on blogs , " she said .
" The founders of Twitter put it out on their feed , that they were following it , and Alexis Madrigal at Wired.com put it out on his blog , and we gained a few thousand followers within a few days . "
McGregor remembers that she had the " new followers " e-mail notification turned on and " I went out to lunch one day , and I came back , and there were like a thousand e-mails in my inbox . "
Since then , she 's been printing out responses and sharing them with the JPL staff .
When asked whether the scientists and engineers now know what Twitter , McGregor responded , " Oh , boy , do they ever . "
A lot of the comments she 's received have come from people who say they have never followed a space mission before .
" The way the news media works is that we 're going to get coverage only when there 's a major mission event , or when there 's a major mishap , " she said .
" The day - to - day operations of a mission almost never get reported .
It was probably the first time they followed a mission because it was almost the first time they 've had access to the day - to - day happenings . "
McGregor complimented her Twitter audience , calling them intelligent and witty .
" They kept me as entertained as hopefully Mars Phoenix kept them , " she said .
Referring to the audience , she said that , " as people were learning about Phoenix , I was learning so much back from them about what resonated with them . "
The value of tweeting
Summing up the experience , McGregor said , " It 's really just a powerful way of distributing news and information . "
Since the Phoenix 's final tweet , it has picked up over 1,200 new followers ; not a single one has dropped off .
McGregor plans on continuing to update the feed as some of the data gathered during its operations gets analyzed .
One of the foremost examples of the value of the tweets came when rumors started circulating that Phoenix had discovered evidence that spoke to the possibility of life on Mars .
Those rumors spun out of control over the course of a weekend — NASA arranged a press conference for the week , but had no obvious way of addressing the speculation before then .
McGregor got permission to release a tweet ( while she was on vacation with her kids ) over the weekend and was able to get the word out , using the traditional first - person phrasing that makes it sound as if the lander itself were speaking .
" After I did post the correct information to Twitter , I saw so many postings at Digg and in blogs where people said ' the Mars Phoenix has told us that this story is wrong , ' " McGregor said .
" It just showed me that people did trust what we were saying there .
And that 's a big message that I 'm taking back to NASA headquarters . "
Meanwhile , the use of Twitter is expanding at the JPL .
The Mars rovers have an account , as does Cassini and the work - in - progress that will be the next rover to explore the red planet , the Mars Science Laboratory .
NASA has a page that lists all of the missions that have feeds .
What would you give it up to be at the Obama rally in Chicago 's Grant Park ?
Here 's the best of the Craigslist ads seeking tickets to the Tuesday rally , as determined by Division Street Labs :
1. I can be your date to the Obama rally - $ 1 ( Chicago )
Reply to : sale-898645459@craigslist.org
Date : 2008-10 - 29 , 6:38 PM CDT
I would love to go to the Obama rally !!
Have an extra ticket or just need someone to go with you ?
I would love to go !
let me know …. maybe it could turn into more than one night with me you and Obama .
haha .
who knows right ??
2. Victoria Secret Gift Card for Obama guest ticket - $ 75 ( Chicago )
Reply to : sale-899916928@craigslist.org
Date : 2008-10-30 , 6:02 PM CDT
If anyone wants a victoria secret gift card for their Guest Ticket , PLEASE CONTACT ME !!!!
Thanks !
3. Smart , Beautiful , Funny Girl Needs Obama Ticket - $ 1 ( Chicago )
Reply to : sale-900169948@craigslist.org
Date : 2008-10-30 , 10:20 PM CDT
Looking for a fellow Obama supporter who has a ticket to the rally Tuesday .
I want to go , hang out , have a drink and have fun .
This pic is current .
4. OBAMA RALLY TICKETS FOR SALE !!!!!
$ 10 Trillion Dollars ! - $ 10 ( Uptown )
Reply to : sale-899881700@craigslist.org
Date : 2008-10-30 , 5:32 PM CDT
Hi , I ca n’t go to the rally so I am selling my ticket for 10 trillion dollars .
Meet me at the Wilson Red Line .
The money will be given to cover the United States public debt bill .
Thank you .
5. Blackhawk Ticket for Obama Grat [ sic ]
Park Rally Guest Pass - $ 1 ( Chicago , IL )
Reply to : sale-900056525@craigslist.org
Date : 2008-10-30 , 8:16 PM CDT
Will exchange 1 Blackhawk Ticket , 12 rows off ice , for 1 guest pass to Obama Rally .
If you have two guest passes , I will give you a pair of Blackhawks tickets .
6. Looking For Frumpy , Nerdy Girl to go to Obama - $ 1 ( Chicagoland )
Reply to : sale-899926298@craigslist.org
Date : 2008 -10-30 , 6:11 PM CDT
I ’m looking for a frumpy and / or nerdy girl to go as my +1 to the Obama event .
Short girls preferred .
Must not be evil .
Do you fit these requirements ?
I am average , at best .
7. Looking for a SUPER HOT CHICK to take to Obama event with me - $ 1 ( Chicago )
Reply to : sale-899798993@craigslist.org
Date : 2008 -10-30 , 4:22 PM CDT
Looking for a super hot chick to be my date to the Obama event .
I have no problem pulling hot girls in general so since I have Obama tickets you have to be not just hot but like super model hot , or if you look like Eva Longoria .
Wanna be my date to Obama ?
8. Obama Rally Ticket Trade — Whatever Your Heart Desires from CA - $ 1 ( Los Angeles , CA )
Reply to : sale-899567662@craigslist.org
Date : 2008-10-30 , 1:36 PM CDT
I ’m flying in Sunday from LA for the election and would absolutely love to be someone ’s +1 at the rally .
I think it ’s shameful and very un - Obama like to sell your ticket to the highest bidder , and it ’s even more lame to try to hold a girl hostage for a ticket so you can get a date .
So how about this for a trade : if there ’s something from LA / CA that you have a craving for or ca n’t get out in Chicago , I ’ll personally transport it all 2000 miles to you .
Sprinkles cupcakes ?
See ’s candy ?
Local beer ?
A cold and probably soggy Double - Double from In - N - Out ?
If it ’s a reasonable ( and hopefully legal ) request , name it and its yours .
9. Trade Massage or Apple Computer Help for 2 Obama Tickets ( rogers park )
Reply to : sale-897911042@craigslist.org
Date : 2008-10-29 , 9:32 AM CDT
My partner and I are willing to trade a professional massage and / or apple computer HELP for 2 tickets to the Obama Rally on the 4th in Grant Park .
She is a licensed Massage Therapist , and I am a Mac specialist [ . . . ]
She makes house visits all around the city , and works at a salon [ . . . ] we both have references .
10 . WANTED : Take me to Obama rally !
- $ 1 ( Chicago )
Reply to : sale-898392257@craigslist.org
Date : 2008-10 - 29 , 3:33 PM CDT
I would LOVE to go to the rally .
Take me as your guest !
Let ’s barter !
What can you get in exchange ?
Some ideas of things I could do .
After all , money ’s boring , right ??
( oh and I ’m an intern , and have been volunteering for Barack so I do n’t have much money haha )
- write you a poem
- take you to a rock concert
- a penny I found from 1908
- mention you on the radio / newspaper as one of the coolest people ever
- a feeling like you ’ve done a great deed for many years to come
- me ( classically trained singer ) singing for you or your event for free
- a free piano lesson
- the secret on where to get a pound of deli turkey for only $ 2.99
- A personal weight training and diet consultation ( with a certified scientician * )
Let me know !
* certified by me and I have the fake document I could whip up in PS paint to prove it !
11 . If you ’re a hot chick & have 1 extra Obama ticket .
how bout a dinner ?
- $ 1 ( Chicago )
Reply to : sale-897977114@craigslist.org
Date : 2008-10 - 29 , 10:54 AM CDT
I am willing to take out a pretty & intellectual chick to dinner in exchange for going and usnig your extra Obama ticket .
How about that ?
sounds like a win / win / win to me .
- Obama in ‘08
oh , i’m easy on the eyes too , you will like .
I just know it !
12 . I will custom hand paint your furniture for 2 Obama Tickets - $ 1 ( Riverside , IL )
Reply to : sale-900198758@craigslist.org
Date : 2008-10-30 , 10:59 PM CDT
I will paint your furniture for free in exchange for 2 Obama Tickets for my husband and myself !
Value up to $ 500 .
13 .
Will provide math tutoring for Obama guest ticket - $ 1
Reply to : sale-900220210@craigslist.org
Date : 2008-10-30 , 11:32 PM CDT
I am offering my services as a math tutor for two 1 - hour sessions in exchange for being your guest at the Obama election night celebration in Grant Park .
Sessions can be in - person or on the phone .
In - person sessions must be arranged at a mutually agreed - upon location .
I am willing to tutor any level of math from elementary , algebra , geometry , trig , statistics , probability , combinatorics , calculus , real analysis and even financial accounting .
*
Bonus CraigsList . . .
1. Parking for Obama Rally - $ 250 ( Downtown )
Reply to : sale-899298487@craigslist.org
Date : 2008-10-30 , 10:42 AM CDT
Indoor , heated , private parking space available for the Obama Rally on November 4th , 2008 .
Located at Randolph and Michigan , across the street from Millennium Park .
Offer good for entire day .
2. OBAMA RALLY - SMASHING PUMPKINS OFFER A HOAX - $ 1 ( Chicago )
Reply to : sale-898559679@craigslist.org
Date : 2008-10 - 29 , 5:29 PM CDT
Sorry people , nobody can offer meeting the band in exchange for Obama rally tickets .
Someone just made it up .
NPR should really check their sources .
*
Finally , a blast from the past .
Seems tickets for Obama ’s convention speech in Denver were even harder to come by .
1. I will give you a KIDNEY for 2 OBAMA Tickets for tonights speech !
Date : 2008-08-28 , 11:35 AM
MDT
Are you in need of an extra kidney ?
Know of someone who needs one ?
I have 2 good kidneys which is a little excessive .
Ill give you one of them for two tickets to tonight ’s speech .
I live in Denver and tried to get tickets the minute they were announced .
Somehow the first come first serve registration did not work since I was put on the waitlist .
So , I need two tickets for me and my girlfriend .
I have an extra kidney .
You take said organ , I take 2 tickets for this historic speech .
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
December 18th , 2008
The fever dream reality of the Obama hive mind goes something like this :
Obama is just pretending to be evil so that he can get into power , but then the Hope and Change , etc. will flow .
— The Cognitive Mechanism Behind Political Fundamentalism … And Probably Lots of Other Fundamentalisms
We have just lost cabin pressure , and I do n’t mean on the Monsanto corporate jet that Tom Vilsack uses .
What ’s next ?
Obama Re-Animates Josef Mengele for Health and Human Services ?
Via : Organic Consumers Association :
Six Reasons Why Obama Appointing Monsanto ’s Buddy , Former Iowa Governor Vilsack , for USDA Head Would be a Terrible Idea
OCA , November 12 , 2008
* Former Iowa Governor Tom Vilsack ’s support of genetically engineered pharmaceutical crops , especially pharmaceutical corn :
http://www.gene.ch/genet/2002/Oct/msg00057.html
http://www.organicconsumers.org/gefood/drugsincorn102302.cfm
* The biggest biotechnology industry group , the Biotechnology Industry Organization , named Vilsack Governor of the Year .
He was also the founder and former chair of the Governor ’s Biotechnology Partnership .
http://www.bio.org/news/pressreleases/newsitem.asp?id=200…
* When Vilsack created the Iowa Values Fund , his first poster child of economic development potential was Trans Ova and their pursuit of cloning dairy cows .
* Vilsack was the origin of the seed pre-emption bill in 2005 , which many people here in Iowa fought because it took away local government ’s possibility of ever having a regulation on seeds - where GE would be grown , having GE - free buffers , banning pharma corn locally , etc. Representative Sandy Greiner , the Republican sponsor of the bill , bragged on the House Floor that Vilsack put her up to it right after his state of the state address .
* Vilsack has a glowing reputation as being a schill for agribusiness biotech giants like Monsanto .
Sustainable ag advocated across the country were spreading the word of Vilsack ’s history as he was attempting to appeal to voters in his presidential bid .
An activist from the west coast even made this youtube animation about Vilsack
The airplane in this animation is a referral to the controversy that Vilsack often traveled in Monsanto ’s jet .
* Vilsack is an ardent support of corn and soy based biofuels , which use as much or more fossil energy to produce them as they generate , while driving up world food prices and literally starving the poor .
More : Obama Picks Vilsack as Agriculture Secretary
Welcome to the 35th Money Hacks Carnival !
Last weekend , my wife and I headed out for a day trip through Northern New Mexico and Southern Colorado aboard the Cumbres & Toltec Railroad , a narrow - gauge train that still runs some of the same tracks it did back in 1925 .
The engines are the original steam versions , with two guys shoveling fuel into the boiler during the entire trip .
What does this have to do with the Money Hacks Carnival ?
Absolutely nothing !
But I wanted to dress up the Carnival a bit , so along with the articles here are some pictures from our trip .
Now , let ’s take a look at the submissions for this week …
Editor ’s Picks
Here are the 5 articles I really enjoyed the most ( even though I could have picked a lot more ! ) .
I wanted to choose articles that really stuck with the “ hack ” part of Money Hacks …
How To Write An Effective Complaint Letter posted at Two Pennies Earned .
How To Become A Millionaire and Get Rich In 10 Steps posted at Money Blue Book Finance .
When Buying A Car ( and in Life ) , Knowledge Is Power posted at Single Guy Money .
Skills , Infrastructure , and Experiments in Subsitence Farming posted at My Family ’s Money .
Thrifty Roadtrip ! posted at Miss Thrifty .
Investing
Stock Market Education For Beginners – Learning From Your Mistakes posted at Beginners Stock Market Investing .
4 Ways to Play the Coming Stock Market Rally posted at Contrarian Profits .
Should You Sell A Dividend Stock After A Dividend Cut ? posted at Dividends4Life .
401(k ) Retirement Plan posted at ABCs of Investing .
Losing Money In Your 401k ?
6 More Ways To Make Some Extra Money ! posted at Bible Money Matters .
$ 1000 in 1 day on Nasdaq ( QQQQ ) call options posted at $ aving to Invest .
The Two - Hour Retirement posted at My Daily Dollars .
529 College Savings Plan posted at Passive Family Income .
An alternative play on a financials rebound ( VVR ) posted at Intelligent Speculator .
The Coolest 401k Option Ever posted at HarvestingDollars .
Preferred Stock Index Funds : The Future for High Yield Dividend Investors ?
posted at Steadfast Finances .
Up , Down , and Around : Keep an Even Keel with the Stock Market posted at Uncommon Cents .
Cashing in With the Vanguard Tax Exempt Money Market Fund posted at Five Cent Nickel .
Secure Retirement – At What Rate Should You Save For It ? posted at FIRE Finance .
Risk Management and the Imaginary Portfolio posted at No Debt Plan .
Should you re-invest your dividends ?
posted at Dividend Growth Investor .
Credit
Three Tips for Choosing the Right Credit Card posted at CreditShout .
Best International Credit Card posted at Blueprint for Financial Prosperity .
Reshuffling My Whole Cash Back Credit Card Plan posted at My Dollar Plan .
Saving , Frugality & Shopping
on paying yourself first posted at The financial wellness project .
How to Save on Checks ( Some Companies Just Do n’t Get It ) posted at Free Money Finance .
Quicken online is now free posted at Christian Finance Blog .
Fast Cheap and Easy Food posted at Momma ’s Blog .
10 Smart State Income - Tax Saving Strategies posted at Fix My Personal Finance .
Beware of Flood Damaged Cars posted at Cash Money Life .
Self Discovery – My Own Buying Habits posted at Money Ning .
Davesfarm Canada ’s Cheapest Man posted at Penny Pinching .
How I Saved $ 2,000 by Being Creative and What Else Did I Discover posted at The Personal Financier .
Budget Friendly Kitchen Cleaners posted at Condo Blues .
10 Cheap Ways to Woo your Other Half – Any day of the week !
posted at Budgets are Sexy .
Printable Coupons and Online Promotion Codes posted at More4kids Family .
10 Ways You Can Save Money Right Now posted at Happy to be at Home .
Psychology of Money – The Negotiation Tango posted at Greener Pastures .
How to Save When You Think You Ca n’t posted at Northern Cheapskate .
Politics
Taxes 101 For Politicians posted at The Wandering Tax Pro .
Question : What Do You Think of Obama ’s New Economic Plan ? posted at Prime Time Money .
Presidential Candidates And Personal Finance posted at The Happy Rock .
Debt
When in debt where do you look for guidance ?
posted at Until Debt Do Us Part .
Can Your Creditors Still Sue You After Bankruptcy ?
posted at Ask Mr Credit Card ’s Blog .
Dealing With The Economy
5 Steps To Prosper In Hard Economic Times posted at Joshua Seth Blog .
How the Average American can Weather the Financial Crisis Without Becoming Emotionally Overwhelmed posted at Slow Down Fast Personal Coaching and Lifestyle Design .
Dave McCormick On Restoring Global Stability posted at Tallahassee Real Estate Blog .
Dealing with a Tough Economy posted at Money and Such .
Are you stupid for paying your mortgage ?
posted at Kirby on Finance .
And All The Rest …
A Home Based Business – Who , Why , When and Where To Start ? posted at Personal Plug .
Evaluating Job Benefits posted at LivingAlmostLarge .
How to Avoid Getting Sucked In by Fall TV posted at Sound Money Matters .
Taken for a Ride posted at Chasov Blog .
Fish Murders and PetSmart Savings posted at Personal Finance Analyst .
Are you part of the NEET Generation ?
posted at KCLau ’s Money Tips .
That ’s it for this edition of the Money Hacks Carnival , and I would appreciate that you link back to the Carnival from your site if your article was included .
Look for the 36th over at Free From Broke !
No related posts .
The Truth About Bailouts
As the Federal bailout bonanza prepares to spread beyond the mortgage and financial sectors to fill Detroit 's depleted coffers , few economic or policy analysts have spared a thought for the destitution of the U.S. government itself .
Put simply , our government does n't have enough spare cash to bailout a lemonade stand let alone a bloated and failing industry that is losing tens of billions of dollars per month .
Washington can only offer funds that it has borrowed from abroad or printed .
Unfortunately , the nation is in the grips of a delusion that money derived from these sources has the power to heal .
But history has clearly shown that borrowed or printed money only has the power to destroy .
The argument that energizes the pro-Detroit camp is that the government should extend the same courtesy to the rank and file auto workers that it lavished upon the fat cats of Wall Street .
While two wrongs certainly do not make a right , the fact remains that the Wall Street firms are still floundering despite the bailouts .
What 's worse , the money spent was either printed or borrowed from abroad .
Both options are destructive to America .
When it comes to bailouts , the real discussions are not centered in Washington but rather in Beijing , Tokyo , and Riyadh .
With no money of our own , our ability to bailout our own citizens is completely dependent on the world 's willingness to foot the bill .
While I am sure that Bush and Paulson are doing their best to convince the world that open ended financing of the United States is in the global interest , my guess is that , unlike Congress , our foreign creditors will see through the self - serving nature of our plea .
Like any bailout , our foreign creditors should consider the moral hazard of rewarding bad behavior , and the old investment adage of not throwing good money after bad .
By continuing to " lend " us money , the world is merely delaying the necessary rebalancing of our upside down economy .
By continuing to subsidize our reckless and outsized consumption , the world merely delays the inevitable re-balancing and exacerbates the underlying problem at the root of the current global financial crisis .
If Washington bails out General Motors , the funds will never be recovered .
GM will simply burn through the bailout money and then be back for more .
Talk of designing a new fleet of " green " cars that will pave the way to profitability by spurring a new buying spree is simply delusional .
Given the staggering " legacy " costs of health care and pensions for millions of current and former workers , Detroit cannot produce cars profitably .
Unless these costs are seriously brought down , and there is very little chance that they will be , Detroit will remain a bottomless money pit .
Similarly any money that the world lends to America to finance more consumption will never be repaid .
We will simply blow through it , and be back , hat in hand , begging for more .
As we painfully learned in the housing bust , lending people money that they cannot pay back makes no sense .
This applies equally to foreign central banks lending to America as it does to commercial banks lending to homeowners .
So for the same reasons that Washington should not bail out General Motors , the world should not bailout America .
Like GM , our economy is in desperate need of a restructuring .
Spending must be replaced with savings , and consumption with production .
The service sector must shrink and manufacturing must expand to fill the void .
The dollar must fall , wages in America must be brought down to a competitive level , and hopefully government spending and burdensome regulation can be reduced .
This transformation will not be fun , but it is necessary .
Our standard of living must decline to reflect years of reckless consumption and the disintegration of our industrial base .
Only by swallowing this tough medicine now will our sick economy ever recover .
By accepting a lower standard of living today , we will eventually be rewarded with a higher one tomorrow .
For a more in depth analysis of our financial problems and the inherent dangers they pose for the U.S. economy and U.S. dollar denominated investments , read my new book “ Crash Proof : How to Profit from the Coming Economic Collapse . ”
Click here to order a copy today .
For an updated look at his investment strategy order a copy of his just released book ‘ The Little Book of Bull Moves in Bear Markets . ”
Click here to order your copy now .
By Peter Schiff
Euro Pacific Capital
http://www.europac.net/
More importantly make sure to protect your wealth and preserve your purchasing power before it 's too late .
Discover the best way to buy gold at www.goldyoucanfold.com , download my free research report on the powerful case for investing in foreign equities available at www.researchreportone.com , and subscribe to my free , on - line investment newsletter at http://www.europac.net/newsletter/newsletter.asp
Peter Schiff Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Constitutional experts have argued that the Government was wrong to allow the couple their civil wedding in Windsor three and a half years ago .
The discovery of documents by Michael Jones , who is researching for a book about secret dealings between Buckingham Palace and Downing Street , has prompted allegations of a cover - up by the Government .
Downing Street has always refused to publish the legal advice that persuaded ministers to allow Charles and his second bride a civil ceremony .
The controversy centres on the Marriage Act of 1836 , which introduced civil weddings for the first time , but specifically banned royals from them .
" Hey , sweetie , my friend here 's getting married on Tuesday , and we were wondering if you 'd like to ... hey , where you goin ' ?
Aw , come on , honey , we just need you to pop out of a cake , that 's all ! "
( OK , actual story :
This nice lady visiting Japan gave the deer some of her bread — and promptly learned why that 's not such a good idea . )
Click to viewDeveloper Bethesda has made changes to the Japanese Fallout 3 .
The side - quest The Power of the Atom has been changed .
Non-playable - character Mr. Burke has been taken out of this side - quest , removing the option of detonating the nuclear bomb .
That 's not all , the name of a weapon was changed as it was deemed " inappropriate " for Japan .
Smart money says the weapon is mini - nuke launcher " Fat Man " for obvious reasons .
The online reaction from the Japanese users seems to be largely disappointment to these edits .
Fallout 3 goes on sale in Japan this December .
12月4日発売予定のXbox 360用ソフト「 Fallout 3」日本語版と北米版（オリジナル）の表現および内容の違いについて
[ Bethesda
Thanks , muu ! ]
Advertisement
A new crop of supercomputers is breaking down the petaflop speed barrier , pushing high - performance computing into a new realm that could change science more profoundly than at any time since Galileo , leading researchers say .
When the Top 500 list of the world ’s fastest supercomputers was announced at the international supercomputing conference in Austin , Texas , on Monday , IBM had barely managed to cling to the top spot , fending off a challenge from Cray .
But both competitors broke petaflop speeds , performing 1.105 and 1.059 quadrillion floating - point calculations per second , the first two computers to do so .
These computers are n’t just faster than those they pushed further down the list , they will enable a new class of science that was n’t possible before .
As recently described in Wired magazine , these massive number crunchers will push simulation to the forefront of science .
Scientists will be able to run new and vastly more accurate models of complex phenomena : Climate models will have dramatically higher resolution and accuracy , new materials for efficient energy transmission will be developed and simulations of scramjet engines will reach a new level of complexity .
“ The scientific method has changed for the first time since Galileo invented the telescope ( in 1609 ) , ” said computer scientist Mark Seager of Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory .
Supercomputing has made huge advances over the last decade or so , gradually packing on the ability to handle more and more data points in increasingly complex ways .
It has enabled scientists to test theories , design experiments and predict outcomes as never before .
But now , the new class of petaflop - scale machines is poised to bring about major qualitative changes in the way science is done .
“ The new capability allows you to do fundamentally new physics and tackle new problems , ” said Thomas Zacharia , who heads up computer science at Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Tennessee , home of the second place Cray XT5 Jaguar supercomputer .
“ And it will accelerate the transition from basic research to applied technology . ”
Breaking the petaflop barrier , a feat that seemed astronomical just two years ago , wo n’t just allow faster computations .
These computers will enable entirely new types of science that could n’t have been done before .
This new generation of petascale machines will move scientific simulation beyond just supporting the two main branches of science , theory and experimentation , and into the foreground .
Instead of just hypotheses being tested with experiments and observations , large - scale extrapolation and prediction of things we can’t observe or that would be impractical for an experiment , will become central to many scientific endeavors .
“ It ’s getting to the point where simulation is actually the third branch of science , ” Seager said .
“ We say that nature is always the arbiter of truth , but it turns out our ability to observe nature is fundamentally limited . ”
Climate modeling is one area that is ripe for a boost .
In the past couple years , the general public has come around to the idea that climate change is real , and scientists are moving on to the potential impacts , how we might adapt and the technology that will help us cope .
To do this in any meaningful way , the predictive models need to have a much higher resolution and be much more precise .
“ These kinds of questions require much higher fidelity than we had before , ” Zacharia said .
“ Very important decisions are going to be made by policy makers based on this science . ”
Currently , the state of Tennessee , which is more than 400 miles long , is represented by only two pixels in most global climate models .
The new computers will drastically increase resolution , in both space and time , and improve accuracy .
In the race to achieve this promise , Oak Ridge had made a push to top the speed list this year with its Cray XT5 Jaguar , but Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico tweaked its IBM Roadrunner to get just enough more juice to keep the crown .
Both more than doubled the performance of Livermore Lab ’s BlueGene / L IBM computer that led the pack a year ago .
Though there may be disappointment in Oak Ridge over losing by a nose , the lab also has the eighth fastest computer , a smaller version of the Jaguar .
When combined with its bigger sibling in the next few weeks , the Jaguar will boost the lab ’s total capability to around 1.6 petaflops .
In the same one - acre room resides the 15th fastest computer , and Oak Ridge is in the process of assembling yet another supercomputer for the National Science Foundation .
All told , the lab could reach 2.5 petaflops .
Speeds and Feeds : Oak Ridge ’s Jaguar Supercomputer : Type : The Cray XT computer is a distributed - memory massively parallel MIMD supercomputer .
What Is It : A petaflop computer can process one quadrillion floating - point calculations per second .
That ’s 1,000,000,000,000,000 calculations every second .
Processors : 182,000 AMD quad - core Opterons , running at 2.3 gigahertz .
Memory Capacity : 362 terabytes of memory ( with 578 terabytes per second of memory bandwidth ) .
OS : Cray XTs run UNICOS / lc , a flavor of Unix with networking and file - system enhancements from BSD .
Recent History :
The peak performance for a supercomputer has more than doubled in the last year , from 0.5 petaflops to the current high of 1.1 .
The Future : Raymond Kurzweil believes the human brain has a power of 10 petaflops .
By Kurzweil ’s reckoning , we should equal the human brain ’s calculating power in less than 7 years .
But it ’s not just about the speed .
“ This is not an Olympic sprint where somebody gets a medal at the end , ” Zacharia said .
“ That ’s not the point . ”
The Jaguar was designed to be optimal for science .
Oak Ridge surveyed scientists in many fields including energy , climate and combustion , and built the computer to suit their needs .
It has three times the memory capacity of any other computer , Zacharia said — 362 terabytes of memory .
The designers paid special attention to making the transition to Jaguar as easy as possible for scientists , allowing them to use applications they have already developed instead of spending years coding new ones to suit the computer .
“ I believe we have the best , most capable computer in the world for science , ” he said .
Only fully assembled in early September , nine months ahead of schedule , Jaguar has already helped scientists who have been eagerly anticipating the petaflop capability .
“ The past six weeks we have already run many of the scientific applications people have been waiting for for a long time , ” Zacharia said .
Jaguar and its peers , which will undoubtedly be multiplying in the coming years —
Livermore Lab is currently assembling a petaflop computer that will join the club in 2011 — promise to take some scientific fields to the next level by enabling far more complex simulations .
This in turn will inspire scientists to imagine new questions , which will in turn need even bigger supercomputers to answer .
“ That ’s exactly how science thrives on these big facilities , ” Zacharia said .
“ Any fundamentally new science facility captivates and drives the imaginations of scientists worldwide . ”
Jaguar ’s power will be unleashed on scientific problems including drug discovery , photovoltaics and new materials .
A single simulation will be able to handle every aspect of a complex problem , such as the performance of a scramjet engine , including the airflow around it , its internal combustion , the strength of its materials , the effect of intense heat and aerodynamic forces .
“ With the advent of petaflop computing , it ’s possible to do this simulation , ” said Seager , who is collaborating with scientists at other labs and universities to do just that .
Today ’s computer scientists can barely contain their excitement as they imagine what is now possible .
“ It ’s very exciting to be alive today and doing computer science , ” Seager said .
“ Now we can do some spectacular things . ”
See Also :
Images : 1 ) Cray XT5 Jaguar / Oak Ridge National Laboratory .
2 ) BlueGene / L / Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory .
Video : Time - lapse view of Jaguar ’s assembly / Oak Ridge National Laboratory .
The original version of The Day the Earth Stood Still deliberately left audiences with many questions .
Does Klaatu return to Earth ?
Does humanity prove itself worthy of survival ?
In 1981 , Fox commissioned science fiction author Ray Bradbury to pen a sequel to the film .
But Bradbury 's script never made it to the silver screen - perhaps because it minimizes the roles of the robot and his alien master , trades Klaatu ’s message of peace for a lesson on solar power , and features a Christmas love story .
Advertisement
Bradbury ’s script outline for The Day the Earth Stood Still II : The Evening of the Second Day opens on Christmas Eve , thirty years after the events of the original film .
Chris Atkins , an employee at the Vehicle Assembly Building for the Apollo Mission , witnesses the landing of an alien spacecraft , a sight he half - remembers from his childhood .
It is revealed that someone left the spacecraft , and NASA officials are on the lookout for him , her , or it .
But Atkins has a vague feeling about the ship , a feeling he describes with a vague bit of dialogue :
ATKINS
Maybe we do n't search .
Maybe we wait for it to find us .
DIRECTOR
Why should it do that ?
ATKINS Because — it knows one of us .
DIRECTOR
Who ?
ATKINS Me. I think .
I have a hunch .
DIRECTOR I hope your hunch is scientific .
ATKINS
And how will your search pay off ?
DIRECTOR
It wo n't .
Get home .
It 's Christmas Eve .
So Atkins returns to his boarding house , where he suspects one of his fellow boarders of being the alien visitor .
First he suspects the cockney reporter , but while he ’s trimming the house ’s Christmas tree , a young woman hands him the star for the top .
She is radiant and beautiful and Atkins falls instantly in love with her .
So naturally she ’s the alien .
Advertisement
The alien woman takes off and Atkins pursues her .
He eventually catches up with her ( after opening her ship with the words “ Klaatu barada nikto ” ) and learns that she is Klaata , Klaatu ’s daughter .
Klaatu has died , but Klaata has traveled to Earth with his body to continue his work .
At first , Atkins is excited by her arrival , and the prospect of a messianic arrival on Christmas Eve turns him poetic :
ATKINS
Time for a Second Annunciation ?
She knows what he is speaking about .
The knowledge of the Biblical Annunciation is in her glowing face as she turns back to him .
YOUNG WOMAN [ Klaata ]
What would you like to have announced ?
ATKINS looks from her to the world far across the land , past the silent gantries .
ATKINS
That this Christmas morn , we get the grandest gift that man ever got .
That something incredible and wonderful is about to happen , that will change us forever and be only for the good !
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
The mood turns sour when Atkins realizes Klaata has come to judge humanity , as he is sure that humans have failed to carry out Klaatu ’s edict to change their ways .
But Klaata assures him it is n’t so dire :
KLAATA
You 've behaved better than you think .
That 's why we delayed .
You 're strange people .
You 've actually done some things right !
ATKINS
Like what ?
KLAATA
Do n’t you know ?
Must I , from some other world tell you ?
Thirty years ago people still died from polio , malaria , scarlet fever .
You 've stopped all that .
Your country invented new kinds of wheat and corn .
You send food to 90 countries .
Immigrants pour into your land , 500 thousand a year .
Why are they coming here if you 're as bad as you say ?
Advertisement
It appears that by judging humanity , Klaata means she ’s judging the US .
Do the people dying of malaria in Africa not count ?
But Klaata tells
Atkins that she has come to Earth not as Santa Claus , but as an extraterrestrial Grinch .
After demonstrating her awesome ability to unmake matter , she reveals to him her plan :
KLAATA then explains in some detail what their plan , her plan , KLAATU 's plan , is .
To let the panic grow in little starts and stops , little vanishings , little disappearances , at first unnoticed .
Who cares , for instance , if a 11 the tiddlewinks in the world vanish on the same day ?
Or all the collar - stays ?
Or all the pennies which now burden us and are almost worthless ?
Somewhere down the line – OIL .
Where Klaatu warned humanity to abandon its violent ways , Klaata mostly wants us to end our dependence on oil .
Before she leaves , she gathers military officials and world leaders to witness a demonstration of solar power , implying that Atkins should help lead them all into an era of alternative energy .
Advertisement
But Klaata is n’t taking any chances .
She gives Atkins a list of problems humanity must solve within the next twenty years , or else face certain destruction .
She gives him a small cube into which he must feed data from their assignments .
Atkins apparently contemplates gaming the cube , but Klaata is n’t having any of it :
KLAATA No .
Do n't even think it .
You can't fool Gort .
ATKINS
Gort ?!
That ’s what everyone in the theater would have been thinking had this ever managed to get made .
Did they dismantle Gort ?
Did he have an accident with a trash compactor ?
Klaata says this is Gort ’s heart , but never says whether the rest of his body is lying in wait to enact humanity ’s destruction .
Advertisement
Klaata promises her that if Atkins is a good boy and fulfills all of the duties on the list , humanity will be saved and the two of them will be rejoined :
KLAATA
If you have done as you say you will do , grown to fit your promise , given yourselves back to yourselves as a gift , then place this cube , still lit , in your space machine .
You wi11 travel faster than Death can follow .
This will take you to our world .
ATKINS
Where the angels of the Lord will sing and dance and shout our welcome ?
KLAATA
Where I will be waiting .
They share a bittersweet kiss before Klaata departs , leaving Atkins to ponder whether humanity ’s salvation or the promise of future alien nookie is a better incentive for solving the energy crisis .
Advertisement
[ Scifi Scripts ]
Run SQLyog On Mac OS X Using Wine
SQLyog is the best database management tool I have ever used .
It supports only MySQL and is officially supported only on Windows .
Though there is nothing we can do about the database support , we can run SQLYog on Linux and OS X through Wine .
Wine is an Open Source implementation of the Windows API on top of X , OpenGL and Unix .
It can be used to run several windows applications but in this post we will focus on SQLyog
Michael Jackson has narrowly escaped joining millions of cash - strapped American homeowners in foreclosure , after transferring the deeds for his Neverland ranch to a company he partly controls .
The singer , who had defaulted on the $ 24.5 m ( £ 17 m ) he owes on the 2,500 - acre property , has handed over the estate to an affiliate of Colony Capital LLC , a property firm owned by the billionaire , Tom Barrack .
News of the deal will renew speculation that Jackson is planning to sing his way out of potential bankruptcy with a comeback show in Las Vegas , where he now spends much of his time , since Mr Barrack also owns the city ’s landmark Hilton .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Mr Jackson ’s finances have been in disarray since his arrest in 2003 on charges of molesting a 13 - year - old boy .
Although he was subsequently acquitted , the pop star was crippled by legal fees , and his career nosedived .
At the height of his fame , Neverland – which is near the town of Los Olivos among the hills of Santa Barbara – contained a theme park and thousands of children were invited to play there .
“ It ’s like stepping into Oz , ” he once said of Neverland .
“ Once you come in the gates , the outside world does not exist . ”
Throughout the brief history of the web , we ’ve seen various attempts to make the browsing experience more interactive : Java applets , JavaScript ( and AJAX techniques ) , ActiveX , Flash , and Silverlight to name a few .
All of the above except for ActiveX achieve a certain level of security from malicious code through the use of runtime - interpreted languages .
The interpreter layer helps to assure security by not providing access to certain types of operations .
An ActiveX control , on the other hand , is native executable code — so it can do anything you can write an executable to do .
That includes access to the local file system and other resources to which the current user has permissions .
Thus , if you install an ActiveX control from an untrusted source , who knows what you ’re getting yourself into ?
Soon after the release of ActiveX , one developer famously put up a page on the web ( I ca n’t find it now ) that would reboot your system without asking — just to demonstrate the security vulnerabilities inherent in the design .
Not long after that , Microsoft added a security feature to Internet Explorer to ask you before loading any ActiveX controls .
The vulnerabilities associated with ActiveX put most web aficionados off the idea of embedding native code in the browser , even though it naturally performs much better than an interpreted language ( although recent improvements in JavaScript performance mitigate that somewhat ) .
But now Google is reopening the possibility of running native code in the browser , in order to provide a richer Internet experience .
Unlike ActiveX , this technology ( appropriately named Native Client ) is designed to run in many different browsers ( Firefox , Safari , Opera , and Chrome — note no IE ) , and across various client platforms ( Linux , OS/ X , and Windows are already supported on x86 ) .
Handling the security issues
Chad Perrin of TechRepublic recently posted his concerns about the security of Native Client .
Apparently , when Native Client loads an executable , it decompiles it to insure that the code follows certain “ structural criteria ” and does n’t perform any prohibited action , like creating files on the local file system or accessing the network .
Google admits that this security model presents some challenges .
It seems to me it would be next to impossible to prevent all forms of attack — but hey , Google employs some pretty smart people .
I just hope they are n’t misguided on this .
Google ’s Native Client team wants your help in testing to see if you can break their security mechanisms .
Taking it for a spin
To try it out , you must first have Python 2.4 or 2.5 installed on your system ( it ’s not directly used by Native Client , but it is used for the build and test environments ) .
Download the software , and follow the build instructions .
Just like ActiveX controls , a Native Client executable can be run within a stand - alone application , or within a web page ( if you install the Native Client plugin for your browser ) .
The tests provided in the download offer both options .
Here ’s one of my favorite programs ( Conway ’s Life simulation ) running as a stand - alone app on Windows XP :
And here it is inside Firefox :
The same executable ( life.nexe on Windows ) is used in both cases — it just uses a different loader in each ( a stand - alone executable or a browser plugin ) .
This example runs very quickly .
You can use the mouse to add cells wherever you click .
I could watch this all day .
The API Reference for Native Client can be found here .
I have n’t read through all of it yet .
The API is written in C ++.
I like the fact that it ’s cross- platform , but I presume that the executables have to be compiled for each operating system .
Judging from the Python code in the stand - alone loader , I ’m guessing that the browser plugin ’s loader will automatically look for the platform - correct executable on the host system ( UPDATE : Sven corrected my assumption – the .nexe ’s generated from the compilation are platform - independent ) .
But I have n’t tried creating any Native Client modules of my own yet .
This technology is designed to handle processing loads that are deemed too onerous for pure JavaScript , or a combination of JavaScript and server - side processing .
One example would be image editing , which would be quite difficult to do in pure JavaScript ( even if you can rely on the Canvas object ) .
But sending commands to the server to modify the image and ship it back to the client gets expensive in a hurry .
The ideal model would be to perform all the image manipulation in the client and then send the final result back to the server ( if needed ) .
What do you think ?
Will Native Client finally give us the processing power we ’ve always wanted in the web client ?
Or will it open too many security vulnerabilities ?
Will NaCl be worth its salt ?
ROME 
In comments on Sunday that could have broad implications in a period of intense religious conflict , Pope Benedict XVI cast doubt on the possibility of interfaith dialogue but called for more discussion of the practical consequences of religious differences .
The pope ’s comments came in a letter he wrote to Marcello Pera , an Italian center - right politician and scholar whose forthcoming book , “ Why We Must Call Ourselves Christian , ” argues that Europe should stay true to its Christian roots .
A central theme of Benedict ’s papacy has been to focus attention on the Christian roots of an increasingly secular Europe .
In quotations from the letter that appeared on Sunday in Corriere della Sera , Italy ’s leading daily newspaper , the pope said the book “ explained with great clarity ” that “ an interreligious dialogue in the strict sense of the word is not possible . ”
In theological terms , added the pope , “ a true dialogue is not possible without putting one ’s faith in parentheses . ”
But Benedict added that “ intercultural dialogue which deepens the cultural consequences of basic religious ideas ” was important .
He called for confronting “ in a public forum the cultural consequences of basic religious decisions . ”
Back in July I argued that broadcast television would be the first heritage media medium to fall .
The reasons I gave hold true today : broadcast television is the least prepared for the changes ahead , and not having experienced a gradual hit upfront , they will fall the hardest and quickest .
Four months later and the economic premise used in that post has changed .
Heritage media is imploding around us , and the end is now nigh for newspapers , whereas television has received a reprieve .
My case for television falling was based on substitution and the rapid uptake of internet enabled television sets .
Every major manufacturer ( except LG ) has an internet enabled television hitting the market next year ( something I did n’t know when I wrote that post ) , but likewise , the rapid replacement of television sets by consumers has gone the same way as the economy : down .
Without a major turnaround in the global economy , the reach of internet enabled televisions will grow more slowly , and hence broadcast television gets a time reprieve .
The end of print newspapers
We ’ve known for a long time that newspapers were in trouble , but the economic crisis has been a stake in the heart of the business .
Here ’s a few recent stories from our media section :
Journal Register Company : two papers to fold , upto 13 in trouble
Seattle Times : 10 % cut in workforce , second 10 % cut this year , more cuts next year
Sun Times / Boston Globe cuts , NY Times cash crisis
Tribune Company : $ 124 million loss
News Corp drops 30 % .
McClatchy Co : advertising down 19.9 %
NY Times : advertising down 16 %
and that ’s just a short list of some of the horror stories coming out of the newspaper business at the moment .
The big story was The Christian Science Monitor giving up its print edition altogether and switching to online only , the first big paper to do so , and likely the first of more to come .
The scariest story for the newspaper business is the financial state of the New York Times .
Many newspaper companies are facing debt issues off the back of big loses , but the New York Times is in the most trouble , and must deliver $ 400 million to lenders in May of 2009 but only has $ 46 million cash on hand , and a short term debt facility that it may not be able to draw on .
Death of classified advertising
Figures released by the Newspaper Association of America in September showed the death plunge in advertising accelerating to a second quarter drop of 14 % .
We do n’t yet have industry totals for the latest quarter , but nearly every major newspaper has reported an even larger drop for the 3rd quarter , some as high as 20 % or more .
Classified advertising is declining even more quickly , with some papers reporting drops of 40 % .
Within the next 18 - 24 months , the print newspaper classified market will die .
Perhaps not completely ( you may still see classified ads in newspapers ) but as a tangible income source for newspapers classifieds will no longer even register a small blip on quarterly financial statements .
The internet , driven in the United States by Craigslist ( eBay and Amazon are also partly to blame ) will hold a 99 - 100 % market share of classified ads that less than a generation ago were the bread and butter of newspapers .
Display advertising : enough to save the day ?
Display advertising ( also known as retail of general advertising ) is the only thing bringing money through the door at newspapers today , but even here the decline is accelerating , and post- election will continue to fall .
All types of heritage media are predicted to fall in retail advertising well in to next year , and once again , newspapers will take the biggest hit .
Those that switch online only first may last the longest
Ultimately newspapers will kill themselves .
The need to stick to a print edition at a time their advertisers and readers are switching online will be the death of most of them .
As I ’ve argued in the past though , newspapers do n’t need a print edition to keep doing what they are doing .
The Christian Science Monitor is leading the way , proving that the newsrooms of old may have a strong future in a digital only age .
The problem is both one of history , and stupidity .
Newspaper owners wo n’t easily give up the print edition because print has often been the cornerstone of many of these companies for hundreds of years .
But that sentimentality is also stupidity : those that dump the print edition now and focus their efforts exclusively online , cutting the deadwood as they go ( printing plants cost money ) will have a better chance than papers who make the switch as a last ditch attempt to survive .
I still believe that some “ newspapers ” have a long future , but as news gathering and publishing organizations who publish online , not print editions .
Conclusion : or how long
The figure used in the past for the death of newspapers always placed the death at around 10 - 20 years .
Given the slide into oblivion even the United State ’s largest newspapers are now experiencing , I ’ll give it 6 years to 2015 , but with half gone by the end of 2010 , and a significant number folding ( 10 - 20 % ) in 2009 .
Newspapers were a great party lasting hundreds of years , but the party is over and the end is nigh .
I do n’t know who Hea Deville is .
I know that I say that about all of these whores , who are interchangeable and only separated by their tit size , age and hair color but are essentially the same thing on the same quest to be a celebrated in front of the camera personality … .
But this one I actually googled only to discover she was in the hit film I never heard of called Lolo or maybe it was Lola , I closed my browser and ca n’t be bothered to look again and I guess that ’s been her most important work , besides see through shirts in places she knows the paparazzi are at to ensure getting noticed .
Good girl .
Hea Deville See Through of the Day
Posted in : Hea Deville
BAGHDAD  President Bush made a valedictory visit on Sunday to Iraq , the country that will largely define his legacy , but the trip will more likely be remembered for the unscripted moment when an Iraqi journalist hurled his shoes at Mr. Bush ’s head and denounced him on live television as a “ dog ” who had delivered death and sorrow here from nearly six years of war .
The drama unfolded shortly after Mr. Bush appeared at a news conference in Baghdad with Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al - Maliki to highlight the newly adopted security agreement between the United States and Iraq .
The agreement includes a commitment to withdraw all American forces by the end of 2011 .
The Iraqi journalist , Muntader al - Zaidi , 28 , a correspondent for Al Baghdadia , an independent Iraqi television station , stood up about 12 feet from Mr. Bush and shouted in Arabic : “ This is a gift from the Iraqis ; this is the farewell kiss , you dog ! ”
He then threw a shoe at Mr. Bush , who ducked and narrowly avoided it .
As stunned security agents and guards , officials and journalists watched , Mr. Zaidi then threw his other shoe , shouting in Arabic , “ This is from the widows , the orphans and those who were killed in Iraq ! ”
That shoe also narrowly missed Mr. Bush as Prime Minister Maliki stuck a hand in front of the president ’s face to help shield him .
Google Inc. Thursday began allowing users to re-rank and edit their search results through a new set of personalization features the company hopes will make its dominant search engine more useful .
The SearchWiki tools , as the company calls them , allow anyone logged into a Google account to move up results they find interesting , delete ones that are n't useful and add personal notes through markers that appear next to each entry on Google 's standard search results page .
Marissa ...
" Now , those are all steps we took that I believe the president was fully authorised in taking , and provided invaluable intelligence , which has been the key to our ability to defeat al - Qaeda over these last seven years . "
Like decorating pumpkins , trick - or - treat is a popular Halloween custom
A man who feared he was being robbed has shot dead a 12 - year - old boy out trick - or - treating with his family in South Carolina , police say .
TJ Darrisaw died in hospital on Friday night having been hit several times as he stood with his brothers and father outside a house in Sumter .
His father and one of his brothers were also wounded by gunfire , police said .
Quentin Patrick , 22 , has been charged with murder , assault and battery with intent to kill .
Mr Patrick , who said he had been robbed and shot before , fired 29 rounds with an AK - 47 assault through his front door , walls and windows when he heard knocking at the door around 2030 ( 0030 GMT ) , police said .
" He was n't going to be robbed again , and he was n't going to be shot again , " Sumter police chief Patty Patterson told the Associated Press news agency .
' Tragic evening '
Returning from a Halloween party , the family had stopped at the house to ask for sweets because they saw a porch light was on , police said .
While his mother waited in a nearby car with a baby , TJ Darrisaw and his two brothers approached the house with their father .
At least two of the boys were wearing Halloween costumes , police said , and they initially thought shots being fired at them were fireworks .
TJ Darrisaw 's nine - year - old brother , Ahmadre , and their father , Freddie Grinnell , were later released after receiving hospital treatment .
A neighbour said he had heard a loud noise but had dismissed it as Halloween mischief .
Telstra 's Sensis has given up on competing with Google in online search and mapping , announcing today it would provide its Yellow business listings to Google Maps and abandon its own search engine for one powered by Google .
From the first quarter of next year , all of Yellow 's business listings - the most comprehensive directory in Australia - will be stored in Google Maps .
As well , Google 's search engine will power the search feature and text advertising on Sensis.com.au .
The move is being interpreted as an admission by Sensis that its own Where Is online mapping site and Sensis search engine cannot compete with Google Maps and Google search .
Book Rental Service [ PIC ]
it says ;
book rental service ?
was just thinking my sister does - alot - of reading and spends like $ 1000 a year on just books alone .
most of them she reads once then never looks at again .
is there any kind of like … video rental store but for books ?
would make things a lot cheaper , plus once has read one the next person can get enjoyment from it etc .
Londoners will be able to pick up and drop off one of 6,000 bikes at 400 locations across the capital , Boris Johnson announced today , as he invited companies to register their interest in setting up his cycle - hire scheme .
But the mayor 's plan will require the " political buy - in " of all London boroughs , according to a Transport for London study released today .
The mayor has yet to receive the green light from all nine London boroughs and several royal parks in London 's central " zone one " area that would host the bikes ' so - called docking stations , theguardian.com has learned .
The scheme was one of Johnson 's manifesto promises and is inspired by the successful Vélib ' programme in Paris .
It is expected that an initial 6,000 bikes would prompt around 40,000 extra daily cycle trips in central London by 2010 .
The bikes will be kept at docking stations and the design is expected to deter thieves .
Renters will have to pay a deposit when they take the bicycles and there is expected to be an annual fee for registration .
Johnson said : " I have long held the view that a cyclised city is a civilised city , but if we are to get more Londoners on to two wheels rather than four we need to provide the facilities to help them do so .
" I hope a central - London cycle - hire scheme will inspire Londoners as a whole , and not just the adventurous few , to get on their bikes and give cycling a go .
I believe that the work we are carrying out can make the capital a city of cyclists , where to use two wheels is common , not curious . "
JC Decaux , the French company that has set up cycle - hire schemes in 15 cities around the world and is responsible for Paris 's system , told theguardian.com that it was interested " in principle " in bidding for the project .
A feasibility study by Transport for London , which approved the scheme as an achievable objective , states that the stations will need to be located at 300 m intervals , equivalent to eight stations for every square kilometre .
The report notes that land availability for the stations in premium areas of London " is one of the main issues facing successful implementation .
Space is at a premium around popular destinations . "
The report goes on to say : " Political buy - in from major landowners and authorities in central London would be essential for implementation , including TfL and the relevant London boroughs . "
The cycle hire scheme will be based in the London boroughs of Camden , Hackney , Lambeth , Islington , Kensington and Chelsea , Southwark , Tower Hamlets and Westminster , as well as the City of London .
People will also be able to rent bicycles from several royal parks in central London .
Tfl said not all boroughs had signed up to date .
" Not all boroughs have given it an absolute green light because they first have to make sure their stakeholders and residents are content .
But there is a huge amount of political good will for bike hire , " she said .
London Councils approved the cycling scheme in principle at a recent transport and environment committee .
But a spokesman for the cross-party umbrella body for London boroughs was also unable to confirm that all boroughs had signed up to the scheme , an objective he conceded was " vital " for the scheme to go ahead in full .
" We have had discussions with the mayor 's office .
We will be working with the mayor to make it a success , " the spokesman said .
The mayor 's office said partnership working with the boroughs and private landowners , together with TfL , " will be crucial to the success of a scheme " .
A spokesman said : " Several boroughs worked with TfL to produce the feasibility study and they are speaking to all of the boroughs and royal parks covered by the scheme to determine what land would be available for docking stations .
" The mayor has experienced a tremendous enthusiasm from Londoners for the cycle - hire scheme and he is confident that , alongside the support of the boroughs , it can transform London in the way that these schemes have done in other cities . "
Johnson , a keen cycling enthusiast , is determined to encourage more Londoners to get out of their cars .
London has already seen a dramatic rise in the number of people cycling , with a 91 % increase on London 's major roads since 2000 .
It is estimated that there are now approximately half a million cycle journeys a day across London .
Kulveer Ranger , the mayor 's director of transport policy , said the mayor wanted to boost cycling fourfold by 2025 .
He said : " The release of the feasibility study and the call for companies to tender to provide a cycle - hire scheme are further steps towards providing the most sustainable , healthy and environmentally friendly transport system ever seen in the capital .
We are working incredibly hard to ensure London will be in a position to hit the target of a 400 % increase in cycle journeys in London by 2025 . "
Johnson also wants to create 12 major cycle routes into central London and to convert part of the Victoria Embankment into a cycle lane .
The bike - hire scheme was originally suggested by Johnson 's predecessor , Ken Livingstone , who promised to effect a " walking and cycling transformation " across London , but the cycling policy was quickly adopted by the new mayor .
RIA Novosti
Tuesday , Dec 16 , 2008
A Saudi businessman has offered $ 10 million for one of the shoes thrown by an Iraqi journalist at U.S. President George Bush in Baghdad , Saudi television reported on Tuesday .
During a press conference with Iraqi Prime Minister Nour Maliki on Sunday , Muntazer al - Zaidi , a correspondent for the Cairo - based al - Baghdadiya TV channel , hurled his shoes at the U.S. president , shouting in Arabic , “ This is a farewell kiss from the Iraqi people , dog . ”
He was then overpowered by security personnel and taken away .
In Arabic culture showing the soles of shoes is considered a serious insult .
Neither of the shoes , which Bush later told journalists were “ a size 10 , ” hit their target .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
What happened to the footwear is unclear , although they are thought to have been seized as evidence by the Iraqi security service , or perhaps taken as a souvenir by a member of the Bush administration .
The Iraqi prime minister ’s press secretary , Yassin Majid , said on Tuesday that al - Zaidi could face up to 7 1/ 2 years in prison for assaulting the leader of a foreign country .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Iran ’s Press TV reported that Iraqi forces were holding al - Zaidi in a military compound in central Baghdad .
His brother , Durgham , has said that al - Zaidi ’s arm and ribs had been broken .
Over 100 lawyers , including Saddam Hussein ’s former lawyer and the Arab Lawyers Union , have volunteered to defend the Iraqi journalist .
The former Iraqi leader was hanged on December 30 , 2006 .
Arabs around the world have been united in their approval and support for al - Zaidi and a number of Middle Eastern channels showed nonstop footage on Monday of the shoe - throwing incident .
Around 1,000 Iraqis from the Al - Sadr and Iraqi National Movement are reported to have gathered in the center of Baghdad demanding the release of al - Zaidi holding banners reading “ Free the hero of the Iraqi people ” and “ Arresting al - Zaidi is the first result of our agreement with the U.S. ”
The Department of Health and Human Services today published a new
regulation broadening protections for health care providers who refuse
to provide health care services based on religious or moral grounds .
The new regulations , which have been widely denounced by women ’s health
groups , physicians ’ groups , members of Congress , President - Elect Obama , the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission , and by over 200,000 individual commenters filing opposition to the regulations ,
expand the definition of health care providers protected by provider
conscience regulation and allow dissenting providers to refuse to refer
patients for treatment in addition to refusing treatment itself .
The administration made almost no substantive changes to the regulation following the period of public comment , says Adam Sonfield , senior public policy associate at the Guttmacher Institute .
" The 200,000 comments in opposition to the rule they dismiss , " says Sonfield .
" They pretend to respond directly to them , but they actually do n’t . "
The only major substantive change the administration made to the rule is to expand the definition of the workforce the rule applies to — for instance , it now includes contractors .
An early , leaked draft version of the regulation specifically
suggested that providers who consider hormonal birth control to be an
abortifacient should not have to prescribe it or refer patients for its
prescription .
The regulation relied on arcane , non-medical definitions
of pregnancy to suggest that the belief that pregnancy begins at
fertilization is valid and that , a hormonal contraceptive , which
anti-choicers claim block implantation of a fertilized egg , is
tantamount to abortion .
The second , released draft , now published ,
does not conflate contraception with abortion , but in its broad scope
nonetheless provides protections for providers who would like to
do just that .
" The regulation confirms what we feared , " says Marilyn Keefe of the National Partnership for Women & Families .
" HHS
refused to allay any of the concerns raised in earlier iterations .
Contraception
clearly remains a target . "
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
One of the rule ’s more disturbing provisions is the announcement that Title X family planning funding will now be open to grantees who refuse to counsel women on the availability of abortion .
Title X has always required that when a woman tests positive for pregnancy , she must be counseled on all of her options , including abortion , and given referrals based on what her expressed interest .
The regulations state that Title X funding will be granted " non-discriminatorily " to applicants , including those who refuse to provide counseling and referral for abortion .
Additionally , the rule fails to make clear whether health care centers that do intend to provide unbiased options counseling can even ask potential employees whether they are comfortable
participating in an abortion procedure or counseling a woman about her
options , Roger Evans , director of litigation at Planned Parenthood , acknowledged today .
Moral objection , meanwhile , is not strictly limited to religious belief
— it can mean any personal moral commitment , which is a much broader
protection than " traditional conscience clauses , " says Jessica Arons , of the Center for American Progress .
The rule must now be submitted to both the Government Accountability
Office and both houses of Congress .
Congress has a period of time to
review the rule ( and because of the timing of the rule ’s publication ,
this period will stretch into the 111th Congress ) , during which time a
motion to disprove can be introduced .
If the motion to disprove is
passed by both houses of Congress and signed by the President , the rule
cannot be enforced or defended in court .
Using the Congressional Review
Act in this way to invalidate the
regulation , however , would be " controversial , " says Matt Madia , of OMB
Watch .
A motion to disprove has to see an up - or - down vote ; it ca n’t be
attached to appropriations bills or other must - pass legislation .
" Everyone has to go on record on the issue , and there ’s no way to fudge
it , " says Madia .
If this avenue fails , Congress
could refuse to appropriate funds for implementation of the rule , or
Congress could pass the legislation introduced by Sens. Hillary Clinton
and Patty Murray that would prohibit HHS from implementing the
regulation .
Finally , the new administration could begin a new round of rule - making , perhaps the most time - consuming option .
360° Panoramas & Virtual Tours
Eiffel Tower : Visit under the tower in photo and 360 tour
Virtual tour of the Eiffel Tower .
The Eiffel tower has become the symbol of France and its capital Paris .
It was built by Gustave Eiffel and ...
Paris panorama from the Eiffel Tower
The city of Paris from the second floor of the Eiffel Tower located at 115 meters above the ground .
The City of Light all lit up at night is aptly ...
Notre - Dame de Paris seen from the Pont de la Tournelle
Notre - Dame de Paris , the medieval Gothic cathedral on the Ile de la Cite , where Napoleon was crowned , is the cradle of the history of Paris .
It shows ...
The Seine and Notre - Dame de Paris Panorama
Notre - Dame de Paris Gothic sits on the Ile de la Cité in the heart of Paris .
An evening walk along the Seine under the bridges of Paris takes ...
Night photo of the Grand - Place in Brussels
The Grote Markt or Grand Place is the central square of Brussels .
It is surrounded by guildhalls , the city 's Town Hall , and the Breadhouse .
The ...
Grand - Place of Brussels in 360 tour
The Grote Markt or Grand Place is the central square of Brussels .
It is surrounded by guildhalls , the city 's Town Hall , and the Breadhouse .
The ...
St. Michael and St. Gudula Cathedral in Brussels
Michael & Gudula Cathedral of Brussels , Belgium .
View the virtual tour in this 360 degrees interactive panorama and see it as if you were there .
The Atomium in Brussels - 360 Virtual Tour
The Atomium is a monument built for Expo ' 58 , the 1958 Brussels World 's Fair .
Designed by André Waterkeyn , it is 102 - metres ( 335 ft ) tall , ...
Maison Mère -Mallet Chapel
The chapel of the Motherhouse - Mallet is housed in the central wing of the building inhabited by the Sisters of Charity of Quebec .
Mother Marcelle ...
Church of Notre - Dame du Finistère in Brussels
This 18th century church in Brussels is built on the site of a chapel founded in the 15th century and named " de Venstersterre " .
A Gothic virgin , ...
Royal Galleries of Saint - Hubert : Virtual Tour
The Galeries Royales Saint - Hubert is a glazed shopping arcade in Brussels that preceded other famous 19th - century shopping arcades such as the ...
View from the Rozenhoedkaai in Bruges
View from the Rozenhoedkaai in Bruges .
Bruges is located in the Flemish Region in the extreme north of Belgium .
It is also called the " Venice of the ...
Notre - Dame - de-Bon-Secours Chapel photograph
The Notre - Dame - de- Bon-Secours chapel was founded in 1655 in Old Montreal .
It is a jewel and historic heritage of the city .
Marguerite Bourgeoys , ...
Virtual tour of Chinese lanterns exhibition at the Montreal Botanical
The Magic of Chinese lanterns at the Montreal Botanical Garden .
The Olympic Stadium and the moon are overlooking the chinese garden with the ...
Shrine of Ste - Anne- de - Beaupré
The Ste - Anne de Beaupré Shrine near Quebec was erected in 1887 , burned in 1922 and rebuilt in 1923 .
Like many churches , it was constructed in ...
Notre - Dame de Québec basilica - cathedral
Erected in 1647 in Old Quebec , this cathedral after 2 fire was rebuilt in 1923 .
Notre - Dame de Quebec is the 1st stone church and the oldest in North ...
Nude student protest at the Montreal Grand Prix
A student and feminist nude protest march took place at Place du Canada in downtown Montreal as part of the F1 Grand Prix event and the student ...
Saint Joseph's Oratory of Mount Royal
St. Joseph's Oratory of Mount Royal , place of worship known to the world , is located on the north side of West Mount Royal in Montreal .
St. Joseph is ...
RMS Titanic Photo Virtual tour
Interactive virtual tour of the liner RMS Titanic .
See the model and a deluxe room of the famous liner .
360 degrees Panoramic Photography and ...
Hot air balloon flight 360 virtual tour
An early morning balloon flight to the International Balloon Festival of St - Jean - sur - Richelieu , the largest gathering of balloons in Canada .
The ...
Photograph of the Cathedral of Amos , St. Teresa of Avila
The Cathedral of St. Teresa of Avila may surprise with its Romano - Byzantine style of architecture unique in North America .
It stands out because of ...
New Concert Hall of the OSM in Montreal Virtual Tour of Maison Symphonique
Virtual tour of the new Montreal Symphony House , la Maison Symphonique de Montréal , opened in September 2011 .
This hall of Place des Arts in ...
Little chapel of Tadoussac
The little chapel of Tadoussac in Quebec , built in 1747 , is the oldest wooden church still in existence in North America .
The first mass was ...
Our Lady of the Cape Shrine
The Basilica of Notre - Dame - du - Cap is a basilica in Trois - Rivières , Quebec , Canada .
It is an important Catholic sanctuary which receives ...
St. Raphael Church in Jonquière
The Church of St. Raphael in Jonquière , Quebec , is one of the first modern churches constructed in the Saguenay in the sixties .
The ...
Louvre Museum in Paris interactive virtual tour
Louvre Museum in Paris interactive virtual tour .
View the virtual tour in this 360 degrees interactive panorama as if you were there .
Montreal Gigapixel 360 degree Panorama from Place Ville Marie
Here is a high - resolution 360 - degree panorama of one billion pixels ( Gigapixel ) of the city of Montreal as seen from the roof of the Place Ville ...
Maison Mère -Mallet Chapel
The chapel of the Motherhouse - Mallet is housed in the central wing of the building inhabited by the Sisters of Charity of Quebec .
Mother Marcelle ...
Mont Tremblant 360 Virtual Tour
The beautiful colors of autumn leaves on the slopes of the ski resort of Mont - Tremblant , Quebec .
View the virtual tour in this 360 degrees ...
Detroit's Michigan Central Station 360 virtual tour
360 virtual tour of the Ruins of Detroit : The waiting room of Michigan Central Station in Detroit .
The station ( also known as Michigan Central ...
At the foot of the Belfry at the Grote Markt in Bruges
At the foot of the Belfry in the Grand - Place of Bruges .
The tower of the Belfry ( Belfort ) houses a carillon of 47 bells .
Bruges is located in the ...
Ambulatory Ste - Anne-de- Beaupré
The chapel of Saint - Anne - de - Beaupré near Quebec city , that of the Holy Family and the 10 ambulatory chapels .
These chapels form a top-quality ...
A luxurious room on the Titanic
Interactive virtual tour of the liner RMS Titanic .
See the model and a deluxe room of the famous liner .
360 degrees Panoramic Photography and ...
The Markt and the Belfry of the city of Bruges
The Market Square ( markt ) in the city of Bruges .
Bruges is located in the Flemish Region in the extreme north of Belgium .
It is also called the ...
Ice Hotel virtual tour
Each year is built for the winter season a huge Ice Hotel , located in Sainte - Catherine - de - la - Jacques - Cartier near Quebec City .
A true hotel built ...
City Hall on the Burg square in Bruges
City Hall on the Burg square in Bruges .
Bruges is located in the Flemish Region in the extreme north of Belgium .
It is also called the " Venice of ...
The Sainte - Chapelle in Paris in interactive panoramic virtual tour
The Sainte - Chapelle in Paris in interactive panoramic virtual tour .
View the virtual tour in this 360 degrees interactive panorama as if you were ...
Windigo waterfall , Laurentians
Interactive panoramic photography of the Windigo waterfall located in the Laurentians , province of Quebec .
View the virtual tour in this 360 degrees ...
Dilapidated roads in Quebec : Turcot interchange
For several years , roads , bridges and highway interchanges in Quebec are in disrepair and are literally falling apart .
This is mainly due to the ...
Saint - Étienne - du- Mont church in Paris virtual tour
Saint - Étienne - du- Mont is a church in Paris , located on the Montagne Sainte - Geneviève in the Ve arrondissement , near the ...
Michigan Central Station
The central part of the station abandoned Michigan Central Station in Detroit .
This building is one of the most impressive ruins of the city of ...
Skating under the fireworks in Old Montreal
Ice skaters contemplate the fireworks illuminating the sky of Old Montreal near Bonsecours Market .
Michigan Central Station abandonned train station
The exterior of the abandoned train station Michigan Central Station in Detroit .
This building is one of the most impressive ruins of the city of ...
Stevie Wonder concert at the Montreal Jazz Festival
The Stevie Wonder concert which opened the Festival International de Jazz de Montreal and inaugurating the new Festival Plaza Hotel .
Note that the ...
Lavender Fields in Fitch Bay - Bleu Lavande
Perched on Applegrove Hill in the picturesque village of Fitch Bay just south of Magog , lavender Fields of the Bleu Lavande company in Quebec .
The ...
Michigan Central Station abandoned restaurant
The restaurant of the abandoned Michigan Central train station in Detroit .
This building is one of the most impressive ruins of the city of Detroit .
Comic Strip Murals of Brussels : Lucky Luke
The Lucky Luke mural part of the Comic Strip murals in Brussels .
Lucky Luke was created by Maurice De Bevere , known as Morris .
It was ...
Student protest march in the streets of Montreal
A manifestation of the student movement in the streets of Montreal against rising tuition fees in Émilie - Gamelin Park April 27 , 2012 .
360 ...
Twins Parade - Just for laughs Festival
Twins Parade at the Just for Laughs Festival in Montreal .
Interactive panoramic photography in 360 degrees .
Lavender Fields in Quebec Province
A weekly comic strip , covering politics , pop culture , and the absurd .
Baracktion Comics Presents :
The Amazing Obama : Ace POTUS Stories
Barack Obama : Space Commander in Chief
Fun Stuff for Liberals
Imitation Republican Bile : Fool your friends with this realistic drivel .
Place by your chai latte , " New Yorker , " or science books .
Amazing Live Sno-Palins
So eager to please - they can even be " trained . "
Watch them wink !
Sno -clothes sold separately .
France 's " three - strikes " copyright enforcement proposal is slowly making its way into law , as the French Senate has now overwhelmingly voted in favor of the measure .
The legislation received a massive cross-party vote of 297 for and only 15 against , leaving it to the French National Assembly to vote on whether to finally turn the proposal into law .
The three strikes system was originally introduced a year ago as a memorandum of understanding between the government , ISPs , and Big Content in France .
Essentially , repeat copyright infringers would have their Internet connections revoked .
Enforcement will be overseen by a new state agency called HADOPI ( High Authority for Copyright Protection and Dissemination of Works on the Internet ) .
After France began entertaining the idea of " graduated response , " as it is officially known , similar ideas have been discussed in the UK and Australia as well .
The measure received the enthusiastic backing of the French Cabinet this summer , and the global music recording trade group IFPI has ( unsurprisingly ) applauded efforts to implement such laws .
Why " graduated response " ?
Because the penalties increase gradually in severity after each new offense .
If users are caught downloading illegal content , they will first receive an e-mail from the ISP complete with a warning .
The second " strike " comes when users are caught a second time after receiving the e-mail warning , at which time they will receive a written letter in the mail warning them to stop .
If the same user is caught a third time , his or her Internet connection will be cut off for a year .
One conservative MPF ( Mouvement pour la France ) Senate member who voted against the legislation , Bruno Retailleau , argued that a full cutoff is too severe a punishment and that Internet access is now as essential to modern homes as other regular utilities .
Retailleau said that the Internet helped families access social services , according to the EUObserver , and that it would be " traumatic for a family " to lose it .
He added that cutting off households might even be considered discriminatory , as Internet access is usually tied to having a cable line or phone service , and that just cutting off the Internet would prove a difficult venture .
Still , his views were clearly in the minority .
Assuming the French Assembly also votes in favor of the three strikes measure and the law is enacted next year , the French government could soon find itself at odds with the European Parliament .
The Parliament rejected the idea of cutting off repeat offenders '
Internet connections in a vote earlier this year , saying that members " want to strike a balance between the interests of rights holders and those of consumers , and that big measures like cutting off Internet access should n't be used . "
Parliament also called on the European Commission — as well as member states like France — to " avoid adopting measures conflicting with civil liberties and human rights and with the principles of proportionality , effectiveness , and dissuasiveness , such as the interruption of Internet access . "
Although the European Parliament vote was nonbinding and member states may still move forward with their plans , it does illustrate just how controversial the idea of graduated response remains among Europe 's political elite .
British woman facing jail for adultery in Dubai fears she may never see children again
A British mother faces jail in Dubai after being convicted of adultery .
Marnie Pearce fears she may never see her two sons again .
She insists she is innocent and that it is her ex-husband who cheated on her .
Miss Pearce , 40 , claims she was framed by Egyptian Ihab El - Labban so he could win custody of their children , Laith , seven and Ziad , three .
Marnie Pearce with children Laith ( top ) and Ziad
She was found guilty of adultery in a Dubai court last month after being denied the opportunity to represent herself .
Miss Pearce was only allowed to speak briefly when she returned to court on Christmas Day to register an appeal .
Under Sharia law in Dubai , adultery is punishable by flogging - or more usually jail .
If her appeal fails , she is facing six months in prison followed by deportation .
Those found guilty can also lose custody rights to their children .
Miss Pearce , originally from Bracknell , Berkshire , has been banned from leaving the Arab state .
' The way I am being treated is barbaric , ' she said yesterday .
' I am begging the British Government to step in .
I feel I 've been ignored by the courts because I 'm a woman . '
Fighting back tears , she added : ' There is not a shred of evidence against me , yet I 've been found guilty .
I feel angry and frightened . '
Ms Pearce faces a six month jail sentence in Dubai ( file picture )
Ms Pearce met her ex-husband 16 years ago when she was working in Oman .
They married and had two children Laith , seven and Ziad , three .
But the marriage collapsed , Ms Pearce says , after she discovered a love letter sent to her husband by an American woman .
' He went white , admitted the affair and I chucked him out , ' she claims .
She alleges he then began a vendetta to prove she cheated on him to win custody of their two sons .
Describing the moment police raided their family home in Dubai , she says : ' It was like something out of James Bond .
I was having a cup of tea with a colleague 's brother - in - law when the police stormed in .
My husband was screaming , ' You are having an affair - I am going to get the kids . ''
Ms Pearce and her friend were handcuffed and locked up .
Her passport was seized and she was interrogated about the alleged affair .
' I kept repeating there had been no affair .
I was in shock , ' she said .
But her husband later threw her out of the family home and she and her sons moved into a shelter where they contracted meningitis .
Then 16 weeks after Ms Pearce 's arrest , she was told by detectives that they had seized five used condoms , men 's underpants and a man 's jacket .
But she claims they were planted by her ex-husband .
Ms Pearce is now facing six months in jail followed by deportation and the prospect of never seeing her children again if her appeal fails .
She told the Sunday Mirror : ' If I am sent to prison , I will lose my babies for ever .
I can't bring myself to think about it .'
Her mother , Betty Stevens , 62 said : ' She has done nothing wrong but is being treated like an animal . '
Mr El - Labban denies having an affair or framing his ex-wife .
He added : ' We had problems for quite a while and we tried to live with things but I decided to take a break for the kids .
She then had an affair .'
Bracknell MP Andrew Mackay has now taken up Ms Pearce 's case with the Foreign Office .
' We can confirm that Marnie Pearce is involved in an ongoing court case in Dubai and we are in touch with her and providing consular assistance .
We understand she has been accused and found guilty of adultery , ' a Foreign Office spokesman said .
Lately I ’ve been meandering around the web to find a good CMS for a family site I ’d like to set up .
Why a CMS ?
Well , for a few simple reasons :
I do n’t have enough free time to fiddle with Rails and make my own ( I ’m an Hobbyist Programmer™ : I code for fun and enlightment , not for money )
Even if I had the time , I ’m sure there are plenty of CMSes out there which suits my needs .
It turns out that reason # 2 is not really applicable in this case , especially if we restrict the field to Ruby +
Rails / Merb / < insert cool DRY framework here >. h3 . Rails - powered CMSes
Name a Rails - powered CMS , quick !
Easy : Radiant .
Hmm , no .
As much as I do like Radiant , it really cannot be considered a general - purpose CMS , can it ?
When it comes to build nearly - static sites in a clean and neat way I ’d pick it any day , but it lacks quite a lot of community features like comments , ability to create forums , etc. etc .
It does , however , support multilingual content in a rudimentary , yet effective way : create each translated page manually and use consistent URL conventions ( / en/about , /it/ about , etc . ) .
I ’m not saying that there are n’t enough CMSes built on Rails , just that there ’s no “ killer app ” in the pack .
A “ killer ” CMS would be something as powerful as Drupal , but easier to use and more modular .
Here ’s an incomplete list of the Rails CMSes I ’m currently aware of :
Name First Impressions / Comments Radiant Mature , suitable for administering static sites Typo Mature , one of the best blogging engines out there ( my opinion is slightly biased though ) Mephisto Mature , blogging engine Rubricks Under development , basic features if compared to other non-Rails solutions Slate Missing a lot of features if compared to competitors Beast Forum engine , extremely ligtweight RailFrog
Not sure if it ’s still being updated , not so many features Zena Alpha , looks promising although it does n’t offer many features simplelog
Yet another blogging engine .
Simple and easy to use oooopen rcms Early development stage ( dead ? ) , minimal feature set Geego Multilingual , not so many out - of - the - box features
[ Psst , if you know any other Rails CMS I missed out , mention it in a comment and I ’ll update this table ! ]
Developing Proprietary Web Applications with Rails
What ’s wrong with all of these ?
Normally one of three things : either they are mature , production - ready but focused on only one particular function ( blog , forum , etc. ) , or they are still too new to be used seriously or they are slowly heading towards oblivion .
What ’s going on here ?
Rails is a damn fine framework which offers all the modularity and power you need to build sites !
Why is n’t there a fully fledged CMS to rival Drupal ?
I think that part of the problem is that Rails is too good .
Why build a CMS from scratch when you can develop a web site from scratch much more easily , tailored to your customer ?
Rails has been used to build a few “ mainstream ” sites like Twitter ( no bashing please ! ) , Basecamp , GitHub and many more .
What do these sites have in common ?
They are not open source .
You cannot deploy your own Twitter on your server ( You can with Laconica , though ) , you cannot deploy your own Basecamp to your server ( you can with ProjectPier , an open source fork of ActiveCollab ) .
It feels like that even though Rails itself is open source , there are n’t that many open source Rails - powered projects after all .
Maybe there are , but they do not really compare with similar alternatives offered in other languages .
This is the reason why , despite its utter ugliness , PHP is still the Open Source King of the Web , and that ’s very , very sad in my opinion .
Dreams on Rails
The annoying thing is that Rails is suitable to build CMSes , and good ones , too !
Take Radiant and Typo , for example : they both excel in their own ways , in their own worlds .
Theorethically speaking , there ’s no reason why someone could n’t develop a modular system to glue different components together : you ’d need common user administration and common workflow , a few hooks , and a solid set of conventions on how to build third - party components .
Hell guys , the folks at Drupal developed a huge ( and successful ) product with a million different ways to extend it in PHP .
Even without using OOP !
Every damn hook in the core is a function .
What does it take to do something like this using Rails , o Merb , or whatever else you like ?
You already have a very solid and consistent framework to build on ( Rails ) , a way to automate tasks ( Rake ) and a language which lets you do everything you want , in a very elegant and organized way .
Rails lacks successful open source projects , in particular CMSes .
I wish someone could fix this : not by coding the n^th^ CMS with the only two or three features you need , but by developing an high level application framework to build complex , dynamic and interactive web sites .
Do n’t even develop the whole damn thing : just come up with a set of conventions on how to extend a very basic core , and tell people how they can contribute , or even integrate existing applications into it .
The community will do the rest , hopefully …
Or maybe are you too busy trying to roll out your newest , closed source startup ?
If someone decides to develop such a powerful , high - level framework and is determined to keep it user - friendly and open source , I hereby promise to write the documentation for it , articles , and books .
And I ’m not kidding .
[ UPDATED ] A Glimpse of Hope
A few of the commenters of this article brought up a few interesting points and actually gave me a little bit of hope .
Luigi Montanez pointed out that Rails was built to help developers build web sites .
For now , Rails deployment is n’t as seamless as end users would like it , so there ’s no point creating a killer app for such users if they ca n’t even get it to run on their $ 2 / month shared hosting environment .
Nevertheless , there seems to be at least three different open source “ social network engines ” powered by Rails :
These are not CMSes in the early 2000 ’s sense , obviously , but they do provide the basis to effectively build a late Web 2.0 - ish community web site .
Each one of these project seems stable and mature enough to be used in production , but surely not as well - known as many other PHP - based solutions .
On the other hand , Priit Tamboom mentioned adva cms , a project still in alpha stage which aims to be more traditional and site - agnostic :
“ […]
Different from other Rails applications the all - engines approach of adva cms allows you to build your own applications on top of it .
It also makes it very flexible and extensible : our plan is to make it possible to only pick those engines / features that you really need for your application and omit the rest .
As they are still all designed to work together seemlessly and reuse each others functionality the whole plattform feels much more consistent to a collection of similar but separate Rails applications . [ … ] ”
This sounds exactly like what I was hoping would come out from the Rails community : something in between a web development framework and an high - level CMS .
I ’m definitely going to try it out ( it ’s an ideal weekend project ) and I ’ll report back once I know more about it .
Coming to HP laptops at the beginning of next year , the new cells by Boston Power ( dubbed " Enviro " by HP ) will charge faster and last 1,000 cycles without degrading .
Advertisement
We first saw the batteries under development at last year 's DEMO conference ( the bottom battery in the picture ) , but HP will become the first to offer them commercially as a custom BTO option ( at a $ 20 - $ 30 premium ) early next year .
Aside from being able to handle up to 1,000 cycles before starting to lose life ( the norm now is around 300 ) , the new cells can also be brought up to 80 % charge in 30 minutes — awesome for when you only have brief access to wall holes .
I need holes !
[ InfoWorld via Crunch Gear ]
Yes , an extremely talented gamer “ recorded himself in this amazing video just to show that he can beat the crap out of you playing Guitar Hero III using sticks . ”
Continue reading to watch .
If you have ever tried to play the guitar using drumsticks , you were probably drinking the same paint thinner as I was drinking , because it ’s impossible .
But Mr. Brock , the founder and chairman of Media Matters , makes no secret of the candidate he favors in the election : he hosted two fund - raisers recently that , he said , raised $ 50,000 for Mr. Obama .
And John D. Podesta , a former chief of staff to President Bill Clinton who helped create Media Matters , is a chairman of the team that would facilitate Mr. Obama ’s transition to the White House , should he win .
“ I ’m a good progressive , ” said Mr. Brock , who also gave money to the primary campaign of Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton .
Though its sleek , glassed - in offices here on Massachusetts Avenue resemble the former law firm that once occupied them , the team of researchers search for the kind of “ gotcha ” moment that the organization might publicize .
“ The local guys are harder to listen to , ” said Julie Millican , 26 , who oversees the transcription and analysis of more than a dozen radio programs , from Michael Savage and Mr. Limbaugh to Chris Baker of KTLK - FM in Minneapolis and Dan Caplis of KHOW - AM in Denver .
Ms. Millican said local hosts “ will go off and spend 20 minutes talking about a pothole in the neighborhood .
The next thing you know , they ’re calling Hillary Clinton a ”  and here Ms. Millican used a vulgarity .
Each morning at 9:30 , several dozen researchers and editors gather in a low - ceilinged conference room for their “ edit call , ” in which they essentially pick their shots .
On a recent morning , they decided to take aim at Mr. Savage , the radio host who reaches an estimated eight million listeners a week , for saying that “ the only people who do n’t seem to vote based on race are white people of European origin . ”
He made his comment after suggesting that “ B.O. , ” as he calls Mr. Obama , was endorsed by former Secretary of State Colin L. Powell “ because of his race . ”
Whether Media Matters has affected the course of the 2008 election  by intimidating some reporters or commentators , or forcing a change in the tone of others  is difficult to judge , with no shortage of blogs now trying to do some version of what it does .
One of its most concerted campaigns was to cast doubt this summer on the veracity of “ The Obama Nation , ” a book by Jerome Corsi .
In a live interview on MSNBC with the author , Contessa Brewer cited “ some 8 , 9 , 10 pages of factual errors ” unearthed by Media Matters , and then asked Mr. Corsi , “ Why should we give you the credibility ? ”
Sign up to receive advanced notice of ElegantWig 's™ monthly special offers :
Expert Help New To Wigs ?
Get The Right Size Get The Right Color Wig Accessories Cap Constructions Wig Fiber Options Putting On Your Wig Face Shapes for Best Wig Styles Care & Repair
Elegantwigs.com specializes in the highest quality monofilament wigs from the top designers , with the guaranteed best price , plus free shipping on all wigs .
Below you will find our selection of All 859 Monofilament Wigs .
Welcome to ElegantWigs monofilament wigs page .
For your convenience , this monofilament wigs display is organized by brand and by style .
Click an image to view more details .
What is a Monofilament Cap ?
Monofilament cap construction is the preferred choice for those who want the most natural look and hair movement .
In addition , many women who wear wigs for medical reasons wear mono - top wigs because this type of cap construction is more comfortable for sensitive scalps .
Regardless of whether a wig is made from synthetic fibers or human hair , the monofilament cap construction is the same .
In a standard wig cap the hair strands are sewn into strips of fabric called " wefts " and attached to the cap so that the hair is forced into a particular direction to create the style desired .
In the monofilament cap area , each and every hair is individually inserted into the monofilament cap and hand - tied so that it comes straight out of the mesh .
This unique method allows each strand of hair to move freely in any direction .
Thus the monofilament cap allows more freedom when styling your wig and creates a more natural looking scalp appearance .
Due to the labor intensive method that is used to make monofilament wigs , they are more expensive than standard wig caps that feature machine sewn wefts .
A basic rule of thumb is : " the smaller the monofilament area , the less expensive the wig " .
Below are the descriptions of the most common types of monofilament caps .
This cap features monofilament in the top area and a 100 % hand tied base , resulting in the most natural looking hair movement for the entire wig and the versatility of amazing off - the - face styling .
This cap features monofilament in the top area , front to back , providing comfort and the look of natural scalp while allowing the flexibility of parting the hair on the left or the right or in the center .
Since the knots where the fibers / hair are individually tied into the cap of a mono - top wig may cause irritation , the double monofilament top wig has an extra layer of monofilament to protect people with sensitive scalps .
This cap features monofilament in the crown area where the hair goes in multiple directions .
This creates more hair " lift " in the crown area and a more natural scalp appearance where the hair separates .
This cap features monofilament in the part area , again , to create a more natural appearance of the scalp , and allowing the wig to be worn with a conventional part or the popular zigzag part featured in many of the latest styles .
Typically , when you examine monofilament wigs , the monofilament construction is only on the crown while the sides and back of the cap is made with a standard wefted construction .
However , 100 % hand - tied monofilament wigs have the entire cap , including the sides and back , completely constructed with breathable mesh and all of the hair is hand - tied to the cap .
100 % hand - tied monofilament wigs are the best quality synthetic or human hair wigs available .
Consequently , 100 % hand - tied monofilament wigs cost the most .
At ElegantWigs we 're working hard to be your # 1 wig store choice for monofilament wigs .
With our exceptionally large selection of monofilament wigs , as well as free shipping and the lowest price guarantee , ElegantWigs makes shopping for monofilament wigs easy anytime from anywhere , 24 hours a day , 7 days weeks with just a few clicks of your mouse .
Compare elegantwigs.com to our competitors and you will find that ElegantWigs.com is the monofilament wigs store for you !
