The banker , who was global head of investment banking at Lehman Brothers until its collapse last year , goes on to claim that the teacher told his son John Edward 's 11th - grade class " that somehow both Lehman and Barclays made a bunch of money on the Lehman bankruptcy , and that all investment bankers were ' sleazeballs ' and dishonest " .
Here &
There is a project by BERG exploring speculative projections of dense cities .
These maps of Manhattan look uptown from 3rd and 7th , and downtown from 3rd and 35th .
They 're intended to be seen at those same places , putting the viewer simultaneously above the city and in it where she stands , both looking down and looking forward .
( The map deserves to be examined at full scale .
Prints from a limited run are available for purchase . )
Landmarks are in gold .
Note the figure standing outside Cooper Union .
You 'll see him in the distance on the other map of the pair .
Click to see Here &
There looking downtown .
What 's going on ?
Imagine a person standing at a street corner .
The projection begins with a three - dimensional representation of the immediate environment .
Close buildings are represented normally , and the viewer himself is shown in the third person , exactly where she stands .
As the model bends from sideways to top - down in a smooth join , more distant parts of the city are revealed in plan view .
The projection connects the viewer 's local environment to remote destinations normally out of sight .
How ?
Jack Schulze explains ...
" First we take an electronic Manhattan .
It 's a patch - work of various commercial sources , where we 've repaired walls that are n't drawn right and roofs that do n't fit .
About a tenth of the city is re-built by hand , then textured .
" The projection seen here is a combination of city manipulations in modelling software , and choosing the best lens for the simulated camera .
The nearby buildings obstruct the view if you get that wrong , or the distant ones stop working as a conventional map .
There 's fine tuning and instinct .
Let 's not demo the power of 3D applications , but make a map which is both useful and optically awesome to look at .
" Annotations come after the render .
You 'll see that roads have to contour around buildings that would otherwise hide them .
The design key is what 's handiest for a person standing in this exact spot , looking at this exact poster . "
Why ?
Because the ability to be in a city and to see through it is a superpower , and it 's how maps should work .
Read more
21 Feb .
Here &
There in MoMA ’s permanent collection — read
03 Feb .
Maps and macroscopes — read
08 May .
What if GPS worked like Here & There ? — read
04 May .
Here &
There influences — read
Koestler : The Literary and Political Odyssey of a Twentieth - Century Skeptic by Michael Scammell Random House , 689 pp. , $ 35.00
He began his education in the twilight of the Austro - Hungarian Empire , at an experimental kindergarten in Budapest .
His mother was briefly a patient of Sigmund Freud’s .
In interwar Vienna he wound up as the personal secretary of Vladimir Jabotinsky , one of the early leaders of the Zionist movement .
Traveling in Soviet Turkmenistan as a young and ardent Communist sympathizer , he ran into Langston Hughes .
Fighting in the Spanish civil war , he met W.H. Auden at a “ crazy party ” in Valencia , before winding up in one of Franco ’s prisons .
In Weimar Berlin he fell into the circle of the infamous Comintern agent Willi Münzenberg , through whom he met the leading German Communists of the era : Johannes Becher , Hanns Eisler , Bertolt Brecht .
Afraid of being caught by the Gestapo while fleeing France , he borrowed suicide pills from Walter Benjamin .
He took them several weeks later when it seemed he would be unable to get out of Lisbon , but did n’t die ( though Benjamin , denied passage into Spain at the French border , took them and did ) .
Along the way he had lunch with Thomas Mann , got drunk with Dylan Thomas , made friends with George Orwell , flirted with Mary McCarthy , and lived in Cyril Connolly ’s London flat .
In 1940 , Koestler was released from a French detention camp , partly thanks to the intervention of Harold Nicholson and Noël Coward .
In the 1950s , he helped found the Congress for Cultural Freedom , together with Mel Lasky and Sidney Hook .
In the 1960s , he took LSD with Timothy Leary .
In the 1970s , he was still giving lectures that impressed , among others , the young Salman Rushdie .
It is difficult , in other words , to think of a single important twentieth - century intellectual who did not cross paths with Arthur Koestler , or a single important twentieth - century intellectual movement that Koestler did not either join or oppose .
From progressive education and Freudian psychoanalysis through Zionism , communism , and existentialism to psychedelic drugs , parapsychology , and euthanasia , Koestler was fascinated by every philosophical fad , serious and unserious , political and apolitical , of his era .
Nor were these shallow passions .
His belief in communism led him to fight in Spain and travel in the USSR .
His Zionism led him to a kibbutz near Haifa .
At different times , he advocated the use of violence , whether to bring about a Communist utopia or to create the state of Israel .
Even when he turned against his previous causes ( and against his previous friends who still believed in them ) he did so with real fervor .
He is , after all , best known as an anti-Communist , not as a Communist , largely because of his best and most influential book , Darkness at Noon , a fictional account of the interrogation of a leading member of an unnamed Communist party .
His involvement with Revisionist Zionism is also probably less well known than The Thirteenth Tribe , a book that argues that modern European Jews are descended from the Central Asian Khazars , and not from the Jews who lived in the Palestine of antiquity — a thesis which , whatever its merits , is …
What three - letter Internet acronym best fits the bizarre news out of Iraq and Afghanistan that militants there have been intercepting US Predator drone video feeds using laptops and a $ 30 piece of Russian software : LOL , WTF , or OMG ?
Actually , all three are appropriate for something this farcical , horrible , and brain - numbing .
The reason that the transmissions could be picked up easily by a cheap satellite recording program ?
They were broadcast in the clear between the drone and ground control .
That 's right — no encryption was used .
Perhaps , you might be thinking to yourself in a mental bid to make the military seem competent here , no one could have suspected this would happen .
But they did suspect it , because it had been happening for a decade already .
The Wall Street Journal , which broke the story , included this tidbit in its report : " The potential drone vulnerability lies in an unencrypted downlink between the unmanned craft and ground control .
The US government has known about the flaw since the US campaign in Bosnia in the 1990s , current and former officials said .
But the Pentagon assumed local adversaries would n't know how to exploit it , the officials said . "
After finding various laptops containing hours of recorded drone footage , the military has at last moved to encrypt the downlink between the drone and ground control , but there are problems .
Not with encryption technology , which is robust , but with the fact the military 1 ) did not use encryption at the beginning and retrofitting is hard , and 2 ) the Predator 's maker uses some proprietary communications gear , so off - the - shelf encryption tools do n't all work .
The sad but inevitable comparison has to be drawn here with consumer electronics .
Blu-ray discs , which use the AACS control scheme , feature a new DRM scheme of bewildering complexity in an attempt to thwart pirates .
Encryption , Hollywood style
Operating system vendors have built entire " protected path " setups to guard audio and video all the way through the device chain .
TVs and monitors now routinely use HDCP copy protection to secure their links over HDMI cables .
Game consoles are packed with encryption schemes to prevent copied games from playing .
Microsoft even goes out of its way to add encryption when Windows Media Center records unencrypted over - the - air TV content .
Even the humble DVD , with its long - since - breached CSS encryption , offers more in the way of encryption .
But US drones , which spy on militants and rain down death from a distance , have none .
The mind boggles , as it seems like the situation should be totally reversed : no encryption on legally - purchased content , more encryption on devices designed to watch and kill human beings .
Warning : mysqli_query ( ) : ( HY000 /1030 ) : Got error 28 from storage engine in /home / sportsun/ public_html/wp-includes/wp-db.php on line 1942
It ’s that time again , when I bust out a picture of the hottest cheerleader from this week ’s NFL action .
This time of year it is especially difficult to choose one babe and one babe alone , since they ’re damn near all dressed up like naughty little elves .
A pretty good example of who does n’t quite qualify as a smoking hot NFL cheerleader is right over here .
Yikes .
Gentlemen , here she is : Week 15 ’s Hottest NFL Cheerleader …
Week 15 Hot Cheerleader : St. Louis Rams
See you next week when we tackle Week 16 !
The intricate tilework on that building inspired him to dig into the history of Islamic art , and eventually to prove that a number of medieval Islamic designs had at their heart patterns that modern mathematicians have only recently been able to describe .
In fact , the young physics whiz found on Islamic buildings the very geometric forms identified by British mathematician Sir Roger Penrose as the foundation elements for elaborate , non-repeating patterns .
Lu’s research shows that these patterns had been applied long before Penrose ’s discovery — in fact , more than 500 years earlier .
Each spandrel maps to a nearly perfect Penrose quasi-crystal pattern , which consists of strapwork — the heavy blue lines above left inscribed in large decagons ( blue ) — that overlies a pattern of smaller white decagons .
To analyze it as a Penrose quasicrystal pattern , Lu divided it into Penrose ’s “ kites ” and “ darts ” ( fine black lines above right ) and then superimposed curving red and blue ribbons that , as they intersect each side , demonstrate a non-periodic pattern :
It looks regular , but it is not actually repetitive .
As the pattern expands toward infinity , the ratio of kites to darts approaches the golden ratio , or phi—about 1.618 .
Conventional patterns that completely cover a surface , such as those found in floor tilings , are repetitive :
Any patch can be moved a certain distance to cover an exactly matching part elsewhere in the pattern .
Some shapes , such as hexagons , can only be arranged in such periodic patterns .
Many other shapes can be arranged periodically as well as non-periodically , that is , in a pattern that does not repeat itself no matter how far a patch is moved .
For many years , mathematicians believed that there were no shapes that could only be arranged non-periodically .
In the 1960 ’s , experts did discover sets of shapes that force non-periodic patterns , but they required elaborate rules and large numbers of different shapes — more than 20,000 in the template described in one published paper .
TOPKAP ı SCROLL : COURTESY GÜLRU NECIPOğLU
Penrose ’s breakthrough , in 1974 , was to identify a set of only two shapes — nicknamed “ kites ” and “ darts ” — that create an exclusively non-periodic tiling , which became known as the Penrose pattern .
Despite their non-periodic nature , the resulting configurations are not chaotic .
Rather , they fit together in a way that is predictable but difficult for the brain to perceive .
As the pattern made of the two Penrose shapes expands , the proportion of kites to darts approaches the golden ratio , or phi ( ≈ 1.618 ) .
The golden ratio , a name first used by Leonardo da Vinci ( Latin sectio aurea , “ golden section ” ) , is a balance found in nature , as well as in esthetically pleasing artificial constructs , that has attracted the attention of geometers ever since the time of ancient Egypt .
In 1984 , a physicist for the first time observed a three - dimensional example of a Penrose pattern in the material world .
A specific alloy produced in the laboratory showed the kind of symmetries and non-periodic patterns previously known only theoretically from Penrose ’s kites and darts .
This discovery was described as a “ quasicrystal ” because it shared some defining properties of crystals but lacked their regular repeating structure .
Subsequently , many more synthetic , laboratory - made quasicrystals were produced , and the first known natural quasicrystal was described in 2009 .
Penrose patterns were also applied in a number of man-made products including puzzles and , predictably , tiles .
One manufacturer even chose them for its quilted toilet paper — and was promptly sued by Penrose for copyright infringement .
The tilework on the Bukhara madrasa is an example of the stylized geometric strap - work — typically based on star or polygon shapes — that is emblematic of traditional Islamic ornamentation .
This form of design is known as girih patterns , from the Persian word for “ knot . ”
It is generally believed that such designs were constructed by drafting zigzag outlines with only a straightedge and a compass .
But Lu perceived something more : “ I saw five - fold and ten - fold stars , which immediately aroused my curiosity about how these tilings had been made . ”
He wondered how Islamic craftsmen had been able to design such elaborately symmetrical patterns centuries before the advent of modern mathematics .
Lu returned to Harvard with this question in mind and set to mapping the abundant pentagonal and decagonal motifs of the Uzbeki madrasa .
Sifting through hundreds of additional images of other medieval Islamic buildings , he was able to identify five underlying shapes that account for the geometric complexity of their designs : a decagon , a pentagon , a hexagon , a rhombus and a “ bowtie . ”
Although these are not immediately visible , they form the basis for the most complex , or “ knotty , ” girih designs .
Lu describes these five shapes as “ girih tiles ” and regards them as the tools that enabled craftsmen to construct highly
complex patterns over large surfaces without gaps or disruptions in their symmetry .
Of all the examples of Islamic tilework Lu examined , the most intriguing was on the portal of the Darb - i Imam shrine in Isfahan in central Iran , a building completed in 1453 .
Even amid the copious historical riches of Isfahan , the Darb- i Imam is renowned for the magnificence of its enameled tile decorations , and they prompted another breakthrough in Lu’s understanding of medieval Islamic geometry .
While reading an article on Penrose patterns , he suddenly recognized their resemblance to the designs on the huge entryway to the shrine .
“ I discovered this in the evening on Christmas Eve , ” he recalls .
“ I then stayed up all night to start mapping the tilings . ”
The similarity of their underlying shapes to Penrose ’s kites and darts led Lu to see his girih tiles in a new light .
He was astonished to find that the Darb - i Imam tilework formed a near - perfect Penrose pattern .
LEFT : H. SCHMID , DIE MADRASA DES KALIFEN AL - MUSTANSIR IN BAGHDAD ( ZABERN ) Right : Girih pattern analysis of decagonal strapwork above an arch ( left ) in the Abbasid al - Mustansiriyya Madrasa in Baghdad , Iraq , which dates to between 1227 and 1234 .
The girih tiles make possible large - scale patterns because each edge has the same length , allowing different combinations to be aligned .
What is more , every edge is intersected at its midpoint by two decorating lines at fixed angles , which ensures that the lines continue across the edges from one tile onto another .
A further innovation was achieved by dividing girih tiles into smaller ones to create overlaid patterns at two different scales , a method mathematicians call “ self - similarity transformation . ”
This kind of subdivision , combined with the symmetry imposed by the shapes of the girih tiles , creates non-periodic tiling , just like the Penrose patterns .
W. B. DENNY / PETER J. LU
Girih pattern analysis of a decorated arch in the Sultan ’s Loge of the Ottoman - era Green Mosque in Bursa , Turkey , which was completed in 1424 .
Lu contacted his undergraduate adviser — Paul J. Steinhardt of Princeton University , a pioneer in the study of quasi- crystals — and they teamed up to write an article about this discovery , published in the journal Science in 2007 .
They argue that the introduction of girih tiles around the year 1200 marked “ an important breakthrough in Islamic mathematics and design ” that allowed for an entirely new way of conceptualizing and designing patterns .
This paved the way for the further development of the subdivision that made possible the non-periodic pattern on the Darb - i Imam shrine .
Their article received wide coverage in academic journals , as well as in newspapers as diverse as The New York Times and Iran Daily .
Their findings were all the more remarkable for showing that the five girih tiles could be further reduced to just two shapes : the very same kites and darts described by Penrose .
This discovery raised two further questions :
How much of the mathematics underlying the girih tiles was understood by the Islamic craftsmen who designed and used them more than 500 years ago ?
And was the use of Penrose patterns coincidence or the deliberate application of highly advanced mathematical knowledge ?
Such is the nature of an institution like Harvard that an expert is never far away :
Lu approached Gülru Necipoğlu , a professor of Islamic art and architecture with a special interest in tiles .
She referred him to her 1995 book The Topkapı Scroll : Geometry and Ornament in Islamic Architecture .
The scroll takes its name from the Topkapı Palace in Istanbul , the administrative center of the Ottoman Empire , where it was found .
Believed to date from the late 15th or early 16th century , the scroll shows a succession of two - and three - dimensional geometric patterns over its 29.5 - meter ( almost 97 ' ) length .
The patterns are not accompanied by text , but use grid systems and color - coding to highlight symmetries and distinguish three - dimensional projections , suggesting that the scroll was a repository of designs for master craftsmen rather than a showcase for potential patrons .
Crucially , the Topkapı Scroll does not represent the architectural style of the Ottomans , but rather the Timurid design traditions of Iran and Central Asia .
The Timurid dynasty was of Mongol origin and ruled over a large empire encompassing much of Central Asia , Persia and Mesopotamia from the mid-14th century until 1506 .
Timurid architecture and design drew heavily on earlier Persian models , which developed into a distinct style particularly noted for its emphasis on geometry and symmetry .
DAVID JAMES : QUR’ANS OF THE MAMLUKS ( THAMES & HUDSON )
A decagon , surrounded by bowties and hexagons , forms the basis of this cover of a Mamluk copy of the Qur’an that dates to the early 14th century .
Because Isfahan ’s Darb-i Imam is an example of Timurid architecture , it can be linked to the designs in the Topkapı Scroll and thus offers direct insights into the level of understanding craftsmen had of the complex patterns they produced for the shrine .
In fact , in the scroll ’s complex multicolored designs , Lu observed an underlying pattern drawn in faint red ink :
He recognized the five girih tiles and now had direct historical documentation for their use .
This proved that the pattern on the shrine was not a fluke but rather part of the design repertoire of master craftsmen in that region and period .
It also confirmed Necipoğlu ’s view that the Topkapı Scroll had been used intensively by architects and artisans in the construction of buildings such as the Darb - i Imam .
Indeed , drawings such as those in the Topkapı Scroll could have served as pattern - books for the artisans who fabricated the tiles , and the shapes of the girih tiles then dictated how they could be combined into large patterns .
In this manner , the craftsmen who actually did the tilework could construct highly complex designs without resorting to mathematics and without necessarily understanding their underlying principles .
Nonetheless , while the efficiency of this method is illustrated by the high quality of the pattern at the Darb - i Imam shrine — when it is mapped to Penrose tiles , there are only 11 defects among 3700 tiles — it is the most mathematically complex pattern yet discovered , and Lu finds it “ quite reasonable to believe that its particular designers knew what they were doing mathematically . ”
The achievement of the Darb-i Imam tiling shows that “ Islamic designers had all the elements needed to construct perfect quasicrystalline patterns , ” according to the researchers .
However , they also believe that these designers had only an incomplete understanding of these elements , highlighting the different priorities of the modern discipline of theoretical mathematics and the practical application of geometric processes by the master craftsmen of the past .
In her study of the Topkapı Scroll , Necipoğlu notes the parallel between the girih style and the contemporary Gothic style practiced by European artisans .
Designers of both styles were concerned with using their inventories of geometric shapes to create “ a maximum diversity of forms , ” she writes , a skill quite different from that of the mathematician .
Much remains to be learned about the Muslim designers and craftsmen , none of whom has been identified by name in the historical records .
Although they are anonymous , Lu and Steinhardt pay them tribute by concluding that their “ geometrical sophistication led the medieval world . ”
ABOVE , Right : NEIL BANAS Left : In Bukhara , Uzbekistan , this decagonal pattern , ornaments the portal of the khanqah ( lodging complex ) of Nadir Divan Beg , built in the early 17th century and restored in the 1990’s .
Right :
In the early 15th century , Timurid craftsmen in Samarkand produced this bas -relief pattern on the Ulugh Beg Madrasa .
The notion that the knowledge of Penrose patterns was anticipated — although never fully elaborated — in 15th - century Persia and elsewhere in the Middle East and Central Asia is not as unexpected as it might first seem .
While many of the terms and concepts used in modern mathematics hark back to the Greek classical period , much of this ancient knowledge was lost to the Christian world for many centuries .
Although the view of a European “ dark age ” has been rightly rejected by historians , it is true that a great deal of classical scientific knowledge had dropped out of circulation in medieval Europe .
Islamic societies , on the other hand , were able to actively seek out , preserve and build on this knowledge .
By this means , many of the scientific breakthroughs of Renaissance Europe were inspired and informed by the intellectual achievements of Islamic societies .
Take Euclid , the famed “ father of geometry , ” whose theorems are still studied by schoolchildren .
The translation of his text Elements into Arabic was sponsored by the Abbasid caliph Harun al - Rashid in the late eighth century .
Subsequent caliphs continued to encourage learning by supporting the translation of the writings of Archimedes , Apollonius , Ptolemy and others .
These translations were not prestige projects done for their own sake , but were made by mathematicians and scientists to facilitate their ongoing research .
Access to this corpus of ancient knowledge allowed them to significantly improve upon it .
Wrapping a column in the early – 19th - century Tash Hauli palace in Khiva , Uzbekistan , a strapwork pattern of decagons and pentagons is filled with vegetal arabesques that maintain five - fold and ten - fold symmetry .
Around 830 , the Persian mathematician Muhammad ibn Musa al - Khwarizmi made a mathematical breakthrough :
He incorporated Euclid ’s geometry into a unifying theory that became known as algebra ( from the Arabic jabara ) .
This spawned a wave of new mathematical ideas expounded by al - Khwarizmi ’s successors over the next centuries .
The flowering of scientific brilliance from the ninth to about the 13th century — a period often described as the “ golden age ” of Islamic science — was promoted by the patronage of Muslim rulers and the intellectually stimulating atmosphere in their capitals .
Scholars from all over the Islamic world gathered in cities such as Baghdad , Cairo and Córdoba to exchange ideas , peruse the great libraries and make names for themselves .
Not all of them were Muslims — many Jews , Christians and Zoroastrians made important contributions — nor did they all write in Arabic : Persian in particular remained an important lingua franca for scholars from different backgrounds .
Neither did these scholars limit their research to the works of the ancient Greeks .
As the Islamic world expanded , it drew in scientific knowledge from the civilizations with which it came into contact , especially India and China .
For example , mathematics benefited immensely from the adoption of the ancient Indian positional number system , in which the lowest - value digit is on the right ( as in “ 25 , ” where the five represents how many ones are in the number and the two represents how many 10’s ) and which includes the concept of “ zero , ” the empty position .
Muslim mathematicians adopted Indian numerals around the early ninth century : A few years before his famous book on algebra , al - Khwarizmi wrote a work entitled On Calculation with Hindu Numerals .
The introduction of the Hindu–Arabic numeral system to Europe in the early 13th century is credited to Leonardo of Pisa ( known as Fibonacci ) , who is thought to have learned about it from Muslims in North Africa .
Like that system , many other mathematical concepts preserved or developed by Muslim mathematicians found their way north , providing the foundations for a reinvigoration of the sciences in Europe .
It ’s interesting that the famous number sequence named after Fibonacci — 1 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 5 , 8 , 13 , 21 and so on , where each term is the sum of the two previous terms — is closely related to the golden ratio , 1.618 … , that is visible in the Penrose patterns .
Specifically , the ratio of successive Fibonacci numbers converges on that number : 1/1 = 1 , 2/1 = 2 , 3/2 = 1.5 , 5/3 = 1.666 , 8/5 = 1.6 , 13/8 = 1.625 , 21/13 = 1.615 and so on .
On this panel in the Shah Mosque in Isfahan , Iran , ten - pointed stars — none of them shown completely — anchor the edges of a pattern in which four of the five girih shapes can be found .
Both the stars and the scallop - edged hexagons are placed according to an underlying design of still more decagons and pentagons .
The stars ’ incompleteness reminds the viewer that the pattern actually extends into infinity .
For all their tantalizing glimpses into medieval scientific knowledge , the designs of the Darb - i Imam and other Islamic buildings must also be understood in their religious context .
Geometric patterns in Islamic architecture and ornamentation were used as much for spiritual as for artistic reasons .
As Robert Irwin writes in his study of Islamic art , such patterns may have been viewed “ as exteriorized representations of abstract , even mystical , thought ” — aiming to inspire contemplation or to make a statement about the imponderable harmonies of a divinely ordered universe .
Sufism in particular is closely linked to the practice of geometry , above all in the form of symmetries , as a way of giving physical expression to mystical thought .
The girih designs are thus comparable to Gothic art and architecture in another sense , namely in their shared ambition to embody spiritual cogitation and emotion through geometry .
The real significance of the magnificent tiling of the Darb- i Imam lies not in any kind of cultural one - upmanship about who first conceived a certain idea or technique , but rather in the remarkable trajectories of ideas and scientific endeavors through time .
These new discoveries thus remind us not only of the momentous achievements of Islamic societies in the past , but also of the history and value of cross-cultural interac -tion and exchange .
Perhaps unsurprisingly , Peter Lu himself advocates taking a scien - tific approach to tracing this interaction .
“ Mathematics is the only universal language , and has shown itself consistently capable of connecting people through time and space , ” he says .
His remarkable findings are a reminder not only of the historical interconnections between societies and cultures , but also of the promise held by further collaborations between scholars specializing in the sciences and the arts .
ratm4xmas - buy killing in the name
It 's time for true music fans to make our voice heard - December 13th - 19th 2009 - The week we take Killing in the Name to the Number One spot in the UK charts .
Simon Cowell and the X - Factor have controlled the Christmas # 1 spot for 4 years , lets show him that putting out the same predictable dross ballad each year for a guaranteed number 1 is n't good enough .
rage against the machine killing in the name number one
these are confirmed to count in the UK Chart .
Most other places do not count so please use one of the ones below .
Visit for
To get this to Number 1 in the UK Charts it is important that you buy from one of the shops shown below , .
Most other places do not count so please use one of the ones below .
Visit for essay writing and just click on the logos to be taken straight to the page where you can buy this track and make history !
As the end - credits rolled for James Cameron 's new movie , Avatar , the audience burst into rowdy applause .
It seemed to me that they were applauding the sheer computerized dazzlement of the show -- but in the story itself they had just watched the US suffer a humiliating defeat on a distant planet .
In the final frames , American soldiers and the corporate executives they had failed to protect were shown lined up as prisoners - of - war about to embark on a death march .
More to the point , the depiction of our national character through the whole course of the film was of a thuggish , cruel , cynical , stupid , detestable , and totally corrupt people bent on the complete destruction of nature .
Nice .
And the final irony was that Cameron had used theatrical technology of the latest and greatest kind to depict America 's broader techno - grandiosity -- as the army 's brute robotic warriors fell to the spears and arrows of the simple blue space aliens .
Altogether , it was a weird moment in entertainment history , and perhaps in the American experience per se .
No doubt audiences overseas will go wild with delight , too , but perhaps with a clearer notion of what they are clapping for than the enthralled masses of zombie Americans .
Read the full analysis at Kunster.com -->
Morality aside , there are other factors deterring “ strategic defaults , ” whether in recourse or nonrecourse states .
These include the economic and emotional costs of giving up one ’s home and moving , the perceived social stigma of defaulting , and a serious hit to a borrower ’s credit rating .
Still , if they added up these costs , many households might find them to be far less than the cost of paying off an underwater mortgage .
An important implication is that we could be facing another wave of foreclosures , spurred less by spells of unemployment and more by strategic thinking .
Research shows that bankruptcies and foreclosures are “ contagious . ”
People are less likely to think it ’s immoral to walk away from their home if they know others who have done so .
And if enough people do it , the stigma begins to erode .
A spurt of strategic defaults in a neighborhood might also reduce some other psychic costs .
For example , defaulting is more attractive if I can rent a nearby house that is much like mine ( whose owner has also defaulted ) without taking my children away from their friends and their school .
So far , lenders have been reluctant to renegotiate mortgages , and government programs to stimulate renegotiation have not gained much traction .
Eric Posner , a law professor , and Luigi Zingales , an economist , both from the University of Chicago , have made an interesting suggestion :
Any homeowner whose mortgage is underwater and who lives in a ZIP code where home prices have fallen at least 20 percent should be eligible for a loan modification .
The bank would be required to reduce the mortgage by the average price reduction of homes in the neighborhood .
In return , it would get 50 percent of the average gain in neighborhood prices  if there is one  when the house is eventually sold .
Because their homes would no longer be underwater , many people would no longer have a reason to default .
And they would be motivated to maintain their homes because , if they later sold for more than the average price increase , they would keep all the extra profit .
Banks are unlikely to endorse this if they think people will keep paying off their mortgages .
But if a new wave of foreclosures begins , the banks , too , would be better off under this plan .
Rather than getting only the house ’s foreclosure value , they would also get part of the eventual upside when the owner voluntarily sold the house .
This plan , which would require Congressional action , would not cost the government anything .
It may not be perfect , but something like it may be necessary to head off a tsunami of strategic defaults .
ANOTHER MONTH , ANOTHER EXCUSE ….
That Joe Lieberman would rather kill health care reform than let some consumer choose between competing public and private plans is n’t exactly new .
I continue to find it fascinating , though , to see his evolving explanations .
In June , Lieberman said , “ I do n’t favor a public option because I think there ’s plenty of competition in the private insurance market . ”
That did n’t make sense , and it was quickly dropped from his talking points .
In July , Lieberman said he opposes a public option because “ the public is going to end up paying for it . ”
No one could figure out exactly what that meant , and the senator moved onto other arguments .
In August , he said we ’d have to wait “ until the economy ’s out of recession , ” which is incoherent , since a public option , even if passed this year , still would n’t kick in for quite a while .
In September , Lieberman said he opposes a public option because “ the public does n’t support it . ”
A wide variety of credible polling proved otherwise .
In October , Lieberman said the public option would mean “ trouble … for the national debt , ” by creating “ a whole new government entitlement program . ”
Soon after , Jon Chait explained that this “ literally makes no sense whatsoever . ”
Well , it ’s November .
And guess what ?
We ’re onto the sixth rationale in six months .
I actually like the new one .
“ This is a radical departure from the way we ’ve responded to the market in America in the past , ” Lieberman said Sunday on NBC ’s “ Meet The Press . ”
“ We rely first on competition in our market economy .
When the competition fails then what do we do ?
We regulate or we litigate … .
We have never before said , in a given business , we do n’t trust the companies in it , so we ’re going to have the government go into that business .. ”
What a pleasant change of pace .
Lieberman is moving away from practical and policy arguments — that ’s a good move , since he ’s totally wrong on the merits — and shifting towards opposition based on traditions .
That ’s at least creative .
We have n’t set up public plans to compete with dysfunctional private models before , therefore we should n’t in the future .
The first half of the equation may very well be true , but the second half is more of an observation than an argument .
In a nutshell , reform advocates are saying , “ Giving people the choice of a public option is likely to help consumers by cutting costs and promoting competition . ”
Lieberman is effectively responding , “ We have n’t done things that way in the past . ”
To which I respond , “ So ? ”
The goal here is not to preserve ideologically - based traditions ; the goal is to help consumers get the care they need at a price they can afford .
But do n’t worry , December is almost here .
Lieberman will have a new line soon enough .
We feel like we know Martha Stewart well enough to figure that when she planned to bake brownies during a segment featuring hip - hop artist Snoop Dogg , she knew what she was doing .
Such that when she asked him to “ rap while we ’re doing this ” as the pair stirred flour into brownie batter , she could have predicted this exchange :
Snoop : “ Trying to make some brownies , but we ’re missing the most important part of the brownies . ”
Martha : “ Which is , which is , which is … ”
Snoop : “ No sticks no seeds no stems . ”
Martha : “ You want green brownies . ”
Snoop : “ Yes . ”
Martha : “ He wants green brownies .
Brownish green brownies . ”
Snoop : “ The greener the better ! ”
You ’ve got to love a lady that thought that “ Christmas Cookie Day with Renee Fleming and Snoop Dogg ” ( airing tomorrow ) was going to be just another day at the office .
The Iraqi journalist who threw a pair of shoes at President Bush at a news conference in Baghdad says he was tortured in jail .
Muntadar al - Zaidi was released on Tuesday after serving nine months .
The BBC's Hugh Sykes in Baghdad describes the day 's unfolding events .
Muntadar al - Zaidi says he was tortured while in jail After leaving prison , Muntadar al - Zaidi went straight to al Baghdadiya - the TV station he was working for at the news conference where he threw the shoes .
Addressing his own news conference , he said he had been tortured : " At the very moment that the Prime Minister Mr al - Maliki was on TV saying he would n't rest until he was sure I was sleeping on a comfortable bed , I was being hideously tortured .
" I was being given electric shocks , and being hit with cables and steel roods ...
I was left handcuffed and immersed in water until dawn in cold weather .
I demand that Mr al - Maliki apologise for concealing the truth . "
An advisor to the prime minister told the BBC that the torture allegation should be investigated .
When I saw the war criminal Bush , I wanted to show my resentment - after six years of occupation , this killer came to my country smiling and bragging about victory
Muntadar al - Zaidi
And a spokesman for the ministry of human rights told us they do not believe he was tortured in the jail where he spent the past nine months , as it is a " detention centre with acceptable human rights standards " .
They concluded that , if he was tortured , it must have happened soon after he was arrested and before his trial .
At his news conference , Mr Zaidi offered an explanation for his shoe - throwing protest .
" I 'm not a hero , " he said , " but when I saw the war criminal Bush , I wanted to show my resentment - after six years of occupation , this killer came to my country smiling and bragging about victory . "
He went on : " When I saw the pictures of the dead , it kept me awake at night . "
He also addressed objections that journalists should throw questions at presidents , and not shoes : " If I gave the profession of journalism a bad name , I apologise , " he said .
Emotional welcome Arriving at the al Baghdadiya compound , a trumpeter and two drummers sounded a welcome for Mr Zaidi - and in his honour , three sheep were slaughtered live on his own channel .
Muntadar al - Zaidi received a warm welcome from his family
At his modest central Baghdad flat , his family prepared an exuberant and emotional welcome home .
They danced , they put up balloons and posters , and his young nephews and nieces practised a celebratory song - roughly translated as " Bush Bush listen well , we said goodbye with a pair of shoes " .
On the open corridor outside his flat , another sheep waited patiently for its end - six more were assembled down in the street .
As the day - and the heat - wore on , the family handed out soft drinks to waiting reporters .
Non-Muslims ( and the non-observant ) accepted eagerly - but for the rest it is Ramadan , and a fast is a fast , even if it is 40C ( 104 F ) in the shade .
But Mr Zaidi never turned up .
Reporters dispersed , the family went back inside , and the six sheep in the street were taken away - leaving the one animal upstairs alone there again with its bowl of water .
Not all Iraqis admire him - may thought his gesture was rude and unjustified .
According to Arab tradition , throwing shoes and calling the intended target a dog was a double insult .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
by Eric Martin
A microcosm of how warped the incentives , practices and ethics are on Wall Street and in the country 's major financial institutions :
[ Today the ] New York Times [ has a ] story on ailing banks that are nevertheless doling out huge bonus packages .
This is a throwback to 2008 , when failing banks like Merrill Lynch paid out huge bonuses at the same time that they were incurring catastrophic losses .
But one bank in particular stood out in the Times article : Citigroup .
According to the Times , “ Citigroup paid its employees so much in 2009 — $ 24.9 billion — that the company more than wiped out every penny of profit ” :
[ T]o keep up with the Goldmans , laggards like Citigroup are handing out fat slices of their profits , leaving little left over for their shareholders .
Citigroup is , in effect , paying its employees $ 1.45 for every dollar the company took in last year .
On average , its workers stand to earn $ 94,000 each .
Just pause and let that sink in .
Their compensation packages exceed the company 's revenue profits .
At a time when the company is propped up on the taxpayer 's dime (s ) .
Unconscionable .
Hand me a pitchfork , and grab ye a torch .
And to think , some people are complaining that the meager restrictions placed on the institutions that received TARP money - and those that received unrealistic dollar for dollar payouts from AIG after the U.S. government piped in billions - go too far .
Right .
Like that would even be remotely possible in today 's political environment , which will surely get better now that the caps are off on corporate spending circa election time .
This will not end well .
UPDATE : See , also , Kevin Drum on the financial industry 's gaming of the mortgage relief effort .
Turns out , it 's less about relief than it is about further jamming borrowers who are already struggling to pay off debts .
Lovely .
It just would n’t be Christmas in the age of terror if we did n’t have a visitation , ostensibly from al - Qaeda , now would it ?
‘ Tis the season , and all that .
Recall Richard Reid , the " shoe bomber , " arrested on December 22 , 2001 , for trying to blow up American Airlines flight 63 , coming into Miami from Paris .
As in the current case involving one Umar Farouk Abdul Mutallab , a 23 - year - old Nigerian , the explosive used was PETN , also known as pentaerythritol : Reid , like Umar , was subdued by passengers and airline attendants , and , to add yet another touch of déjà vu , Reid ’s stunt led to the imposition of the take - off - your - shoes rule at airport security , just as Umar ’s midair antics have now inspired the Transportation Safety Authority to inaugurate a spate of new regulations : nothing in your lap , please , and no getting up from your seat for a solid hour before landing .
Also please note the timing : the Reid incident occurred at a volatile moment , right after the 9/11 attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon , and just as the Bush administration was ramping up to invade both Afghanistan and Iraq .
Umar , the lap bomber – so called because he apparently had his explosive device hidden in his pants – also leaps onto the international stage at a sensitive time , when President Obama is launching a major offensive in Afghanistan and the US has " assisted " Yemen in its air strikes on the alleged al - Qaeda stronghold in that country – where Umar , we ’re told , received " training " and the actual explosive device .
Yes , the parallels are certainly eerie – but so what ?
After all , these terrorists are seemingly a simple - minded lot , if the behavior and demeanor of , say , Richard Reid is any indication .
How many different explosive substances are available for such a " job , " and , at any rate , what else can one expect from the TSA in response except a bunch of useless and needlessly intrusive regulations that have little relevance to what happened ?
And , of course , the US , it seems , is always launching some new attack or military campaign , somewhere , so the timing is pure chance .
Right ?
What ’s more , the pattern fails when we take into account our own mindset , eight years after the Shoe - na ’ bomber affair : back then , we were all too frightened out of our wits to really question anything the government told us , and the news media reported .
We took it all at face value , and trusted in the gods that we would n’t all be blown to smithereens in the next attack , which – for all we knew – could have come at any time .
Eight years later , our mental processes have been quickened , through bitter experience , and a growing cynicism which leads us to notice – and question – several seeming anomalies , such as : why , when Umar ’s own father – a prominent banker – contacted the US embassy , and met with the CIA as well as the Nigerian intelligence agency , and warned them his son might pose a danger , was Umar allowed on a plane entering the US ?
Authorities tell us that he was in a database , consisting of over half a million people , said to pose a risk , but not on the " no fly " list , in spite of his own father ’s warning .
How could this happen ?
Inquiring minds want to know .
Another break in the Shoe ’na - bomber pattern is Umar himself , whose life of wealth and privilege stands in stark contrast to Reid’s .
While Reid was the poor son of a jailbird , a nobody with an apparently limited mental capacity , Umar is the son of Dr. Umaru Mutallab , former economics minister in the Nigerian government and one of the country ’s most prominent bankers : schooled at the exclusive British International School in Lome , Togo , and an aspiring mechanical engineer , he had a bright future ahead of him , and if any single word could be used to characterize his life prior to the Christmas day incident , it would be access .
Access not only to the best schools and opportunities , and to his posh London digs , but also access to planes without the proper documents , as one Kurt Haskell , who was on the same flight with Umar , testifies :
“ I was on this flight today and am thankful to be alive .
My wife and I were returning from an African safari and had this connecting flight through Amsterdam .
I sat in row 27 , which was 7 rows behind the terrorist .
I got to see the whole thing take place and it was very scary .
Thanks to a few quick acting people I am still alive today .
" … I was next to the terrorist when he checked in at the Amsterdam airport early on Christmas .
My wife and I were playing cards directly in front of the check in counter .
This is what I saw ( and I relayed this to the FBI when we were held in customs ) :
" An Indian man in a nicely dressed suit around age 50 approached the check in counter with the terrorist and said ‘ This man needs to get on this flight and he has no passport . ’
The two of them were an odd pair as the terrorist is a short , black man that looked like he was very poor and looks around age 17 ( Although I think he is 23 he does n’t look it ) .
It did not cross my mind that they were terrorists , only that the two looked weird together .
The ticket taker said ‘ you ca n’t board without a passport . ’
The Indian man then replied , ‘ He is from Sudan , we do this all the time .’.
I can only take from this to mean that it is difficult to get passports from Sudan and this was some sort of sympathy ploy .
The ticket taker then said ‘ You will have to talk to my manager , ’ and sent the two down a hallway .
I never saw the Indian man again as he was n’t on the flight .
It was also weird that the terrorist never said a word in this exchange .
Anyway , somehow , the terrorist still made it onto the plane .
I am not sure if it was a bribe or just sympathy from the security manager . "
This goes way beyond weird , all the way to sinister .
Perhaps we should take Janet Napolitano ’s assurance that “ right now we have no indication that it is part of anything larger ” with a gargantuan grain of salt .
Not only that , but maybe we should simply make a new rule , as follows : anything Madame Napolitano or any government official says about this or any other similar incident should be considered , at the outset , an outright lie .
Assuming deception as the default , we might be better off believing the exact opposite .
This argument is especially compelling in light of what Mr. Haskell has to say about the aftermath of the Christmas bomb attempt :
" FBI also arrested a different Indian man while we were held in customs after a bomb sniffing dog detected a bomb in his carry on bag and he was searched after we landed .
This was later confirmed while we were in customs when an FBI agent said to us ‘ You are being moved to another area because this area is not safe .
Read between the lines .
Some of you saw what just happened .
’( The arrest of the other Indian man ) .
I am not sure why this has n’t made it into any news story , but I stood about 15 - 20 feet away from the other Indian man when he was cuffed and arrested after his search . "
Why is n’t the " mainstream " media reporting this ?
Well , perhaps they just do n’t know about it : or it could be they do know and have been asked to keep a lid on it by the authorities , not the first time such a thing has happened when it comes to the dissemination of " sensitive " information .
In any case , given the veracity of Haskell ’s account , it is clear that , contrary to news reports , Umar was no " lone nut , " but had at least one accomplice with him on board the plane .
Furthermore , both of his accomplices – the one who got him on the plane without a passport , and the one nabbed by the bomb - sniffing dog – may have been Indians .
What India has to do with all this is sheer speculation .
While India ’s foreign intelligence service , the Research and Analysis Wing ( RAW ) , stands accused by Pakistanis of being behind much of the sectarian strife that riles the region , it ’s unclear – to me , at least – what interest they would have in stirring the pot in faraway Yemen , the supposed source of the plot .
If , however , it should suddenly be discovered that the " real " source of all this lies in the tribal regions of Pakistan , where Washington insists Osama bin Laden & Co. have set up their world headquarters , the Indian connection would make sense .
Haskell concludes his account as follows :
" What also did n’t make the news is that we were held on the plane for 20 minutes after it landed !
A bomb could have gone off then .
This was n’t too smart of security to not let us off the plane immediately .
" You can see what time I am writing this as I am having a hard time sleeping tonight .
Just thought some of you would like to know what I saw , Merry Christmas . "
A telling note of authenticity there : clueless bureaucrats keep him on a plane that might be about to explode , and a Merry Christmas to all – and to all a good night !
No wonder the poor guy could n’t sleep .
If I were in his shoes , I would n’t sleep for a week .
And if , somehow , I did manage to take a cat nap or two , I ’d dream of Umar being led onto the plane , passport - less , escorted by his mysterious helpers , including several demonic figures lurking in the background , chortling and rubbing their hands together in gleeful anticipation .
We are asked to believe that a highly privileged young man , with everything to live for , was suddenly seized with a desire to commit suicide as an act of jihad : that he disappeared from his life of ease , on a street lined with Mercedes Benzes and Ferraris , in a fashionable district of London , and traveled to Yemen , where he received what may have been a defective bomb , which was sewn into his underwear by his jihadist trainers .
This bomb then went undetected in Amsterdam airport , where the security arrangements are said to be tight ( and a personal interview is conducted ) , and where he was let on a plane headed for the US in spite of explicit warnings given by his own father .
I ’m not buying it , and , furthermore , in the context of Haskell ’s testimony , another narrative seems just as likely : that this was a staged incident , a false flag operation , launched by those who have everything to gain by ramping up the atmosphere of hysteria and fear that regularly precedes America ’s wars .
This – admittedly speculative – scenario , of which I am equally skeptical , is buttressed , however , by the testimony of Jasper Schuringa – the passenger who leapt out of his seat on the other side of the plane , put out the fire , and secured Umar in a headlock – who says of the alleged terrorist :
“ He was shaking .
He did n’t resist anything .
It ’s just hard to believe that he was trying to blow up this plane .
He was in a trance .
He was very afraid . ”
He did n’t resist ?
This hardly seems like the behavior one might expect of some fanatic jihadist bent on destruction and meeting those virgins in the afterlife .
The simplistic narrative that took shape as the news broke is already beginning to break up into something a bit more complicated , as additional information comes out , including this brief news item that just came across the wires :
" A passenger aboard the same Northwest Airlines flight that was attacked on Christmas Day was taken into custody here Sunday after becoming verbally disruptive upon landing , officials said .
" A law enforcement official said the man was Nigerian and had locked himself in the airliner ’s bathroom .
The official spoke on condition of anonymity because the investigation was ongoing .
" Delta Air Lines spokeswoman Susan Elliott said crew members requested that security remove the man from Flight 253 after he became disruptive .
The remaining 255 passengers got off safely , she said .
" Airport spokesman Scott Wintner said it was the same flight on which a man tried to set off an explosive on Christmas Day .
" ’ The pilot requested emergency assistance upon arrival , ’ he said .
Security and airline personnel are on edge since the attempted terror attack on Christmas Day , and the law enforcement official said that lesser incidents had been reported on other flights arriving in Detroit , but the incident with the Nigerian man had sparked the most concern . "
Whether Nigerian , or Indian , something is up here , and it seems to have little to do with al - Qaeda , which – breaking its past habit of promptly taking " credit " – has yet to claim responsibility for the attempted attack .
More grounds for suspicion : allegations that the Detroit incident was planned and carried out by al - Qaeda in Yemen can be traced back to " IntelCenter , " a mysterious private contractor with a dubious reputation [ . pdf ] ( see frames 89 - 100 ) that does business with the intelligence community .
Another shoe is bound to drop – the arrest of this other " Nigerian " may be it , along with the surprising news that Detroit , for some reason , seems to be the latest " terrorist " target – and when it does , I ’m wondering how much closer to the truth we ’ll get .
One thing is certain , however , and it is this : look on the pronouncements of government officials with a very jaundiced eye .
Already Joe Lieberman and several Republicans are calling for more preemptive strikes on targets in Yemen , and it ’s not hard to see that the US is very close to opening up yet another " front " in our eternal " war on terrorism . "
Deeper into the quagmire we go – and those demons in my dreamscape are chortling ever louder .
U2 released their 12th album last February The BBC has admitted coverage of the launch of U2 album No Line On The Horizon last February , went too far - giving " undue prominence " to the band .
Critics said the BBC had given U2 " the sort of publicity money can't buy " .
The corporation 's editorial complaints unit ( ECU ) acknowledged that radio coverage of the event , including a rooftop concert , breached guidelines .
It added the use of the slogan U2 = BBC " gave an inappropriate impression of endorsement " .
RadioCentre , the trade body for commercial radio companies , made a formal complaint over the coverage .
Complaints over the free publicity given to the band on BBC TV , radio and online included those of Conservative MP Nigel Evans , who said it was " the sort of publicity money can't buy " .
" Why should licence fee - payers shoulder the cost of U2's publicity ? "
The ECU admitted that a reference to the BBC being " part of launching this new album " , in an interview between Radio 1 presenter Zane Lowe and U2 singer Bono , was inappropriate .
The body also upheld a complaint that it was inappropriate for the Radio 1 website to contain links to the websites of ticket agents for the band 's concerts .
' Potentially sensitive '
" The Radio 1 leadership team have reminded executive producers and presenters about the issues to be considered in relation to judgments about undue prominence , and the distinction between the reporting of new artistic work and commercial promotion , " it said , earlier this week .
The surprise concert drew crowds of onlookers in central London " The management of BBC Marketing , Communication and Audiences ( the Division responsible for the U2 = BBC graphic ) has reminded all staff of the need to consult the editorial policy team in a timely manner for advice when potentially sensitive issues such as commercial interests are involved . "
However , complaints about an edition of Jo Whiley 's Radio 1 show , and a BBC News online report of the U2 concert on the roof of Broadcasting House , were not upheld .
A crowd of around 5,000 watched the rooftop show , which capped off a day of promotion for the Irish band 's 12th studio album , with U2 appearing as special guests on Radio 1 .
The band performed four tracks during the 20 - minute gig , which was broadcast live on DJ Chris Evans 's BBC Radio 2 show .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
A $ 40,000 online challenge proposed by the US government has been won by a team of researchers from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology - just hours after it was launched .
The Darpa Network Challenge , which took place on Saturday , offered a cash prize for the first group to successfully locate 10 large red weather balloons hidden at a string of secret locations across the US .
Competitors were asked to use the internet and social networking sites to discover the whereabouts of the balloons , in what Darpa - the Pentagon 's Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency - said was an experiment to discover how the internet could help with rapid problem solving .
More than 4,000 groups eventually registered to take part , but although the organisers had given players up to nine days to track the balloons down , the team from MIT scooped victory within nine hours of the launch .
" Darpa salutes the MIT team for successfully completing this complex task less than nine hours after the balloon launch , " said Regina Dugan , the director of the agency .
The winning team has not explained precisely how they came to discover the location of all 10 balloons , but the process detailed on the team website explains that they created a viral campaign to encourage people to put forward information they gleaned about the locations .
The team offered the first person to spot a balloon a $ 2,000 share of the prize money , but smaller awards would also be given to those who referred that player to MIT 's website - a scheme of incentives aimed at getting people to urge their friends to take part .
Whatever happened in the end , it appeared to work - and quickly .
" The challenge has captured the imagination of people around the world , is rich with scientific intrigue and , we hope , is part of a growing ' renaissance of wonder ' throughout the nation , " said Dr Dugan .
In the end the eight - foot balloons were hidden in locations across nine states : Arizona , California , Delaware , Florida , Georgia , Oregon , Tennessee , Texas and Virginia .
Nature is pleased to name physicist Steven Chu , Nobel laureate and the US Secretary of Energy , as its Newsmaker of the Year .
Steven
Chu made his name — and earned his Nobel prize — by developing an ingenious laser technique for capturing and studying atoms .
He is an extraordinary experimentalist who loves the challenges of the lab .
But five years ago , he embraced a much bigger challenge when he took the helm at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory in California and dedicated it to clean - energy research .
Chu was sworn in as secretary of the US Department of Energy this January , and is now charged with transforming the way the world 's largest economy powers itself .
That is why Nature has selected Chu as its Newsmaker of the Year ( see page 978 ) .
Chu has already had a significant impact .
From his position near the top of President Barack Obama 's administration , he has helped make the case that the United States must commit to reducing its greenhouse - gas emissions , not only to save the planet but also to ensure that the country will be able to compete with China , India and Europe in the emerging green economy .
And he has started to commit the energy department to doing more high - risk research on clean energy .
This is the proper role of governmental research programmes : to develop promising technologies that are too far from the market to draw the support of industry , which has to focus on near - term profits .
Nations cannot simply regulate themselves out of the global - warming problem ; pledges to cut greenhouse emissions have to be made real by the scientists and engineers who develop cheaper , cleaner and more efficient ways to produce and distribute energy .
“ Steven Chu has made it his mission to be a public cheerleader for clean - energy research . ”
Chu has accordingly made it his mission to be a public cheerleader for clean - energy research .
As he travels around the United States , he trumpets the need for the best minds of this generation to tackle perhaps the largest problem that society now faces .
He has already recruited some top scientists to leave their chosen fields of research and — just as he did — focus on the energy issue .
Such commitment to public service is a long and honourable tradition among scientists .
Thus , Nature 's selection of Chu as Newsmaker is also a tribute to the legions of scientists around the world who step away from research , sometimes for life , to tackle the larger problems of society .
There have been times when Chu has struggled during his first year of tenure .
Scientists who take leading roles in government are often selected because they , like Chu , are outstanding researchers .
But the skills that matter most in a laboratory are not enough to ensure success in the arena of public policy and politics , where building consensus and finding acceptable compromises are key .
As Chu is learning , researchers entering government need to adapt and learn from political leaders .
At the same time , scientists can help politicians to think more scientifically — encouraging them to examine the results of research carefully rather than just follow ideology and political expediency .
Chu has taken it upon himself to meet with legislators , particularly those who do not believe that global warming is a problem .
He walks them through the science of climate change and the consequences of ignoring it , all with the aim of helping to win passage of a climate bill that will clean up the US energy sector .
Although it would be naive to think that one scientist can move politicians with long - standing opposition to climate legislation , Chu's efforts may help tilt the balance towards the passage of a bill and the eventual ratification of an international climate treaty .
Those who stand on the side of logic and data should vigorously support his efforts .
Rights and permissions Reprints and Permissions
DETROIT / AMSTERDAM
( Reuters ) - General Motors
Co is pressing ahead with plans to shut down Saab as chances of a deal to sell the Swedish brand to Dutch sports car builder Spyker Cars remain remote , a person familiar with the planning said on Thursday .
A mechanic cleans the hood of a Saab vehicle in a service station in Budapest December 22 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Karoly Arvai
GM has not changed the plans it announced Friday to begin winding down Saab ’s operations in January and it has started discussions with other interested parties as part of that process , the person said .
Spyker Chief Executive Victor Muller told Reuters on Thursday that his company was still in talks with the U.S. automaker about an acquisition of Saab .
He said earlier this week that a final outcome would not happen until next week .
“ We are still in discussions , ” Muller told Reuters in a text message .
Separately , Dutch billionaire John de Mol said through his investment company Talpa that he was not involved in backing a possible purchase of Saab .
“ Apparently there are parties that like to name someone such as De Mol to -- unjustly -- strengthen their position in the takeover battle , ” Talpa said in a statement .
The question of how Spyker would fund an acquisition of Saab is seen as the major hurdle to a deal before the month - end deadline set by GM Chairman and CEO Ed Whitacre for a decision on the fate of the 60 - year - old car brand .
A tentative deal to sell Saab to Swedish supercar maker Koenigsegg collapsed in late November in part because of problems with financing .
De Mol is the second Dutch billionaire this week who denied an involvement in financing a Saab deal .
Dutch newspaper De Telegraaf cited Dutch billionaire Marcel Boekhoorn as a backer earlier this week , but he denied his involvement .
Swedish news website E24 said that board members at Saab had a short conference via telephone with GM representatives in the United States to discuss plans for the closure of Saab .
“ The decision is to close Saab and that is what we are working with .
That means that one moves forward with that action plan , ” Hakan Danielsson , head of the Swedish engineering union and a member of the Saab board , was quoted as saying .
Earlier , GM struck a deal to sell the tooling and technology for older Saab models to China ’s fifth - largest automaker , BAIC , for $ 200 million .
GM said last week that it could consider similar sales of Saab assets , absent a last - minute deal to sell the brand and its Trollhattan , Sweden production hub in its entirety .
Saab , which GM has controlled since 1989 , posted a loss of $ 340 million in 2008 and is expected to incur a similar loss this year .
GM ’s attempts to integrate the quirky brand into its global line - up limited Saab ’s appeal to enthusiasts who liked its early hatchback styling and turbo - charged engines .
Saab sold just over 93,000 units in 2008 , accounting for 1 percent of GM ’s global sales volume .
The unit of GM employs about 3,400 in Sweden .
The Swedish government has announced public funding to help offset the economic loss from its closure .
Spyker in 2008 sold 43 luxury cars at prices of about $ 300,000 and higher and posted a loss of about $ 35 million .
Shares in Spyker closed down 1.35 percent on Thursday in Amsterdam .
Prehistoric moa could actually fly but lost the ability after the extinction of dinosaurs made them " fat and lazy " on land , a new study suggests .
The discovery debunks global theories about the age of flightless birds and suggests the moa's ancestor flew to New Zealand from Antarctica , according to Kiwi scientists .
Science had long thought ratites – Earth 's largest flightless birds , which include moa , ostriches , and emus – descended from a common flightless ancestor .
But DNA analysis of moa bones by David Penny , Gillian Gibb and Elizabeth Crimp from Massey University revealed that the moa was closely related to the tinamou – a small flighted bird still found in South America .
When dinosaurs died 65 million years ago , some birds – like the tinamou – became land - dwellers , which allowed them to put on more weight , Ms Gibb said .
They eventually became too heavy to fly and simply gave up , evolving into moa in New Zealand as well as ostriches , emus and cassowaries in Australia .
The kiwi was also thought to be a descendent of the cassowary , she said .
" We 've known for about 15 years that the kiwi possibly flew to New Zealand , escaping from Australia , but no - one realised the moa may have too .
" This shows we [ New Zealand ] are not an isolated , biodiverse , hot - spot in the South Pacific where everything has been here since day 1 .
" There 's a little bit more to the story than that . "
The discovery would force a re-think of the theory that all flightless birds were established before the separation of continents 80 million years ago , she said .
Professor Penny said it was likely the tinamou flew , or was blown , to New Zealand from Antarctica before it froze over .
The team was led by former Massey student Matt Phillips , who now works at the Australian National University in Canberra .
Its findings were published in this month 's edition of Systematic Biology , an international science journal .
Te Papa fossil curator Alan Tennyson said museum staff would probably start educating the public on this new chapter in the moa's history .
" This [ research ] is important on a global scale .
It has implications for anyone wanting to study the development of continents .
It will be picked up all around the world . "
It was always good to see Kiwis leading the way with ground - breaking studies such as this one .
Arguments in favour of filesharing inevitably bring up the concept of free dissemination : of culture , of information , of ideas .
Sounds lovely , everybody sharing , but these arguments ignore one crucial point : give and take is n't just about taking .
If you move into a shared house , eat your housemates ' food , give it away to passersby and do n't buy any yourself , you are contributing absolutely nothing to the arrangement .
Sociologists call this the free rider problem .
And free riders can only operate successfully when they 're not the majority , because if everyone free rides then who 's buying the groceries ?
Consider the same situation but with something immaterial – say , an MP3 – and people can't see the argument .
As Alexandros Stavrakas writes , users of peer - to - peer networks contribute bandwidth .
Yes , they do : to each other .
That 's still part of the " take " end of the arrangement .
I have yet to read a sensible argument in favour of filesharing .
If culture should only be created for the purposes of joy and enriching the masses , presumably none of us are allowed to have jobs in the arts .
You must get a boring job .
Any creating must be done out of love and if you starve , that will simply add authenticity .
Anyone who cares about copyright must be a cog in a gigantic money - grabbing corporation because there are n't any writers , photographers or musicians out there desperately trying to stop people from pinching copies of their work .
And anyone advocating the free dissemination of culture is only doing so out of concern for the greater good .
Which is why presumably you 're all also ensuring unsold food from supermarkets goes to homeless people , and campaigning for the free dissemination of life - saving medicines , because if you care about people being given access to things they desperately need , obviously you 're going to start with the basics , such as food and heating .
In fact , I 'm impressed you 've still got time to argue for free access to MP3s .
I wish you filesharers would just admit the truth : you do n't want to pay .
Instead , you bang on about how it 's fine to pass copies around because you have n't removed the original , even though the basic tenets of copyright law are founded on the idea that infringement occurs if you copy the most important part of the work ( copying all of it definitely qualifies ) .
Stavrakas says " downloading a song , book or a movie does not deprive anyone else , including their ' rightful owners ' , of them . "
But you 're depriving them of control over their own creation .
Hey , how about I help myself to your car while you 're on holiday .
It 's OK , I 'm not going to deprive you of it – I 'll leave it where I found it , with the same amount of petrol and everything , so that 's fine , right ?
In June , the Guardian published a handful of readers ' letters advocating free downloads .
" Digitisation and the internet have turned copyright into an appallingly restrictive anachronism " – translation : many people think " easily available " should mean " free " .
" Information technology gives us the potential to provide free and universal access to almost all human knowledge , art and entertainment " – translation : to help ourselves to anything we fancy .
" Set against that loss are the millions of people enjoying music , films , the written and spoken word , computer software and access to information who would otherwise have gone without " – translation : actually had to pay for it .
" Despite what the music industry want us to believe , illegal downloading has a purely positive impact on everyone involved except the middleman : the soon - to - be - redundant industry itself " – translation : stealing benefits everyone except the people you are stealing from .
So you think it costs too much to buy a film , or a song , or an album ?
Why do n't you film , or record , your own ?
You 're not going to die if you do n't see / hear / enjoy that one , you just want to .
So create another .
What 's that , I hear ?
You can't actually make your own feature film , or record your own studio album , or write your own novel , because you do n't have the resources or the talent or the time or the knowledge or the ideas ?
Oh dear .
Better steal someone else 's , then .
Cudicini signed for Spurs from Chelsea in January
Tottenham Hotspur goalkeeper Carlo Cudicini has suffered " potentially life - changing injuries " in a motorbike accident in east London , police said .
He was taken to hospital after his BMW bike was involved in a collision with a car in Walthamstow at about 1030 GMT .
He has fractured his wrists and injured his pelvis but a spokesman for the north London club said they were still waiting for hospital test results .
The Italian , 36 , signed from London rivals Chelsea in January this year .
The female driver and a child passenger walked away from the Ford Fiesta Cudicini was in collision with and did not need hospital treatment .
No arrests
The accident happened on Forest Road .
A Metropolitan Police spokesperson said : " A 36 - year - old male suffered injuries described by the London Ambulance Service as possibly life - changing and was taken to an east London hospital for further assessment and treatment .
" No arrests have been made . "
A statement on Tottenham 's website said : " Carlo Cudicini has fractured his wrists and injured his pelvis after being involved in a road accident this morning .
Free transfer
" The 36 - year - old Italian goalkeeper has been admitted to hospital and undergone scans under the supervision of club medical staff .
" The club will update supporters on Carlo as soon as there is any further information . "
Cudicini was signed by manager Harry Redknapp on a free transfer and has made eight appearances standing in for the injured Heurelho Gomes .
He spent almost 10 years at Chelsea , making more than 200 appearances after signing for the west London club from Italian side Castel di Sangro , following earlier brief spells at AC Milan and Lazio .
His father Fabio was AC Milan 's goalkeeper in the 1960s .
A statement on Chelsea 's website read : " Chelsea Football Club sends our best wishes for a full and speedy recovery to Carlo Cudicini who has been involved in a road accident today . "
Il revient et il bave .
We are joined today by the Cliché Expert , Mr. Skip Arbuthnot , to discuss the impending release of Apple ’s highly anticipated new tablet computer .
Q— You are an expert in the clichés of digital technology , is that correct ?
A — You betcha .
I ’ve been called a tech guru , an information wizard , and a pontiff of pixels . ;-) .
Q— What do you expect from the Tablet ?
A— The industry buzz has been unprecedented .
It looks as though it ’s going to be a game - changer , a bellwether , without peer or category .
It ’s clearly pushing the envelope and will offer us a new paradigm .
Apple is going further outside the box than they ever have before .
Q—Can you confirm that the new product will in fact be called “ the Tablet ” ?
A — I can neither confirm nor deny that it will be called the Tablet .
Sources tell me that it may ultimately be revealed as the iTablet , the eTablet , the Slate , the iSlate , the eSlate , the iPad , the iFlat , or the PancakE .
Q— What kinds of features do you expect to see on the device ?
A— It will be completely intuitive and seamlessly integrated .
I ’m talking bells and whistles we ’ve never imagined .
A killer app .
A whole new usability experience .
It ’s going to redefine the genre .
Q— How do you think it will affect the computer industry ?
A — It ’s a watershed moment that will separate the wheat from the chaff and the men from the boys .
Q— Will the Tablet save magazines and newspapers ?
A— The future is digital , my friend .
The upside is incredible .
You have to adapt or die , lead or get out of the way .
Old media powers must constantly reinvent themselves .
But only time will tell how all of this is going to shake out .
Q— There are concerns that consumers might not be willing to embrace the Tablet .
A— If you ask me , Apple is going to find a way to make it viral , the status purchase du jour .
You ’ll want to be the first on your block to own one and you wo n’t leave home without it .
Q— What does this new product say about Apple ?
A— It reflects the company ’s commitment to cutting - edge design and elegant technology solutions .
They ’re the eight - hundred - pound gorilla in the room .
They ’re streets ahead of their competition and they have both the ground game and air attack to take on anyone .
Q—How will the Tablet ultimately rate in the history of digital technology ?
A— In my opinion : somewhere between the invention of the wheel and the best thing since sliced bread .
( With thanks to Kilian Schalk . )
( NaturalNews )
A report based on data from 12 pooled cohort studies on heavy meat diets was led by Dagfinn Aune from the University of Oslo and published in the journal .
The study determined that the high intake of processed meat may increase the risk of developing type 2 diabetes by up to 41 percent .
This new meta - analysis was conducted jointly from Norway and the US .
The general conclusions of the study suggested that : " High intake of total meat increased the risk of diabetes by 17 percent , while red meat and processed meat were associated with 21 and 41 percent increases in diabetes risk .
" One of the primary purposes of this study was to resolve , " . . . inconsistencies from previous studies which found both positive and negative associations between meat consumption and the risk of type 2 diabetes .
" Barry Popkin from the University of North Carolina described the study as " excellent ' and he went on to say that it " reiterates the concerns echoed in other major reviews and studies on the adverse effects of excessive meat intake " .
The higher rate of diabetes risk from processed meats can be attributed to the nitrates used as preservatives .
Other studies have documented that nitrates cause beta cell toxicity .
Beta cells are involved with the production of insulin .
Consequently , their ability to produce insulin is blocked by nitrate induced toxicity .
Animal model studies proved that low doses ofinduced type 2 diabetes .
Nitrosamines are formed by the nitrates interacting with amino acids in the stomach .
Earlier studies have documented negative health consequences with heavy meat eating .
The US National Cancer Institute ( NCI ) has warned that " . . . high intakes of red and processed meats may raise the risk of lung and colorectal cancer by up to 20 percent . "
And the World Cancer Research Fund has reported a direct link to cancer with alcohol , red and processed meats .
They also found that heavy red and processed meat eaters risked earlier death .
YoghurtGum aims to be a cross- platform C++ 2D game engine for mobile devices .
Currently it has builds for Windows Mobile 6 and Android .
It has been sitting on my harddrive for far too long , so I ’m releasing it to the world .
It ’s released under the Apache 2.0 license , which means in practical terms that you can take the engine , build a game on it and sell it , but you ca n’t take the engine itself and sell it .
YoghurtGum was named after my favorite candy . :)
These are its goals :
Versatility .
Developers can opt to use the full engine , or just use the cross- platform Surface class to plot pixels on devices .
Easy to use .
It will have many functions to make game making easier .
Fun .
Like the candy is to sugar addicts , prototyping ideas should be fast and simple .
Right now it provides the most basic functionality .
However the Android build does n’t compile .
I started out with the Android build and only later added Windows Mobile functionality , but eventually the WM build took over .
Mostly because you have to build for Android in Linux and in Windows for Windows Mobile ( duh ) .
I like working in Visual Studio , Vim or Emacs not so much .
Installation instructions for Windows Mobile :
Download the Windows Mobile SDK .
Install it .
Open the YoghurtGumWM6 solution file in Visual Studio .
Play around !
You can draw sprites on the screen , but the depth ordering does n’t work right .
One of the sample games running in the Windows Mobile emulator :
Oh and please note : this is my first open source project , I ’m bound to have made a whole list of stupid mistakes . :)
Play around with it and tell me what you think !
http://code.google.com/p/yoghurtgum/
Everybody 's favourite environmental journal , Nature , seems to have got itself into hot water .
Hans von Storch reports on his Die Klimazwiebel blog that the quotes attributed to him in Quirin Schiermeier 's article ( see previous posting ) did not form part of the interview between the two men .
Quirin Schiermeier quotes me with " You need to be very circumspect about the added value of downscaling to regional impacts , " agrees Hans von Storch in this week 's issue of nature .
And : he cautions , " planners should handle them with kid gloves .
Whenever possible , they 'd rather wait with spending big money on adaptation projects until there is more certainty about the things to come . "
I have not spoken with Mr Schiermeier about regional modelling , at least not recently ; the term " kid gloves " is unknown to me , not part of my vocabulary .
I have asked him for evidence that I have said these sentences to whom .
Nature 's reputation was already looking rather damaged , what with the " denialists " editorial and all .
This kind of thing is hardly going to help .
Campaigners say the government could be open to legal challenge
The government has approved 10 sites in England and Wales for new nuclear power stations , most of them in locations where there are already plants .
It has rejected only one proposed site - in Dungeness , Kent - as being unsuitable on environmental grounds .
A new planning commission will make decisions on the proposals " within a year " of receiving them , Energy Secretary Ed Miliband told MPs .
Nuclear was a " proven and reliable " energy source , he said .
Proposed sites
But environmental campaigners say it is an expensive and dirty option and the government could be open to legal challenges .
The 10 sites deemed suitable for future nuclear plants are : Bradwell in Essex , Braystones , Kirksanton and Sellafield in Cumbria , Hartlepool , Heysham in Lancashire , Hinkley Point in Somerset , Oldbury in Gloucestershire , Sizewell in Suffolk and Wylfa in North Wales .
Seven of the proposed locations are already home to nuclear plants while Bradwell was home to one in the past .
Every one of the measures contained in this statement should have been brought forward ten years ago
Greg Clark , shadow energy secretary Send us your comments
Braystones and Kirksanton are the only new sites under consideration .
Dungeness was rejected because of worries about the threat to the local eco-system from coastal erosion and flooding should a new plant be constructed there .
Ministers hope to fast - track the construction of the new plants so that some can be producing energy by as early as 2018 .
Mr Miliband said the new Infrastructure Planning Commission would have to make a decision on each application within a year of receiving it , to avoid a repeat of previous lengthy inquiries .
However , he insisted that people living close to the proposed sites would have plenty of opportunities to make their views known .
The government decided last year to go ahead with a new generation of nuclear plants , lifting a previous moratorium on expansion .
The majority of the UK's ageing nuclear infrastructure will have to be decommissioned by 2023 , leading some experts to warn of the prospect of power shortages if capacity is not added .
Plans for any plants in Scotland , which has two existing sites , are opposed by the SNP government .
' Climate challenge '
Mr Miliband said nuclear was one of a " trinity " of future fuel options , alongside renewables and clean coal , which would help to secure the UK 's energy security and reduce its dependence on imported gas .
Clean coal technology aims to trap and store CO2 emissions from coal plants underground , cutting pollution levels .
However , it remains commercially unproven .
" We need all of them in the long term because of the challenge of the low - carbon future is so significant , " he said .
Braystones , Cumbria Bradwell , Essex Hartlepool Heysham , Lancashire Hinkley Point , Somerset Kirksanton , Cumbria Oldbury , South Gloucestershire Sellafield , Cumbria Sizewell , Suffolk Wylfa , north Wales
Most people living close to power plants were " enthusiastic " about them and the developments would create 9,000 jobs , Mr Miliband added .
At the same time , he said the UK needed to do more to meet its renewables targets with more onshore and offshore wind farms .
The Conservatives backed the expansion of nuclear power but warned that time was running out to prevent a " black hole " in energy supplies .
" Every one of the measures contained in this statement should have been brought forward 10 years ago when they had the chance to secure the investments that are so desperately needed to keep the lights on , keep prices down and cut carbon emissions , " said shadow climate change and energy secretary Greg Clark .
The Liberal Democrats said residents near proposed sites risked being excluded from decision - making , saying what was " being disposed of is not nuclear waste but the democratic process " .
' Waste problem ' Greenpeace said the " figures did not add up " for new nuclear plants to be built without public subsidies .
" You can't justify building more nuclear power stations when there is no solution to radioactive waste and when international regulators are saying there are huge uncertainties surrounding the basic safety of new reactor designs , " said the organisation 's Ben Ayliffe .
The World Development Movement said a separate government decision not to rule out building coal - fired plants in the future would " shatter " the UK 's credibility in future climate change talks .
But employers ' organisation the CBI welcomed the announcements , saying : " These planning statements will help reassure companies that the government has a clear strategy for delivering new nuclear power , clean coal and renewable energy plants , and that this will be reflected in planning decisions . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As the single largest expense of the 2010 foreign aid budget , President Obama approved $ 2.775 billion in military aid to Israel , the first payment in a decade - long commitment that will reach at least $ 30 billion .
Last year , Israel ’s military budget amounted to $ 13.3 billion , so the US funding is a significant portion of their overall expenditure .
The US formerly provided both military and civilian aid , but it has since been folded entirely into military aid , at Israel ’s request .
The money is not a blank check , however .
The US requires that Israel spend at least 75 % of the money given in military aid with US military contractors , effectively using the foreign aid budget to subsidize domestic weapon - makers .
In addition to military aid , the US also provides $ 3.148 billion in loan guarantees to Israel , part of a Treasury Department program aimed at keep Israel ’s debt manageable .
Ironically , though the US budget is spiraling out of control and America ’s own debt continues to rise , there was no serious debate of reducing aid to Israel .
The budget also pledges $ 500 million in American aid to the Fatah Party ’s Palestinian Authority .
This aid is contingent on certain requirements , including that the group recognize Israel .
This funding is distinct from any funding the CIA may give the Palestinian Authority ’s security forces , which would be secret .
File this story under the pot calling the kettle black .
Rep. Alan Grayson ( D - Fla. ) , prone for throwing his own political bombs at Republicans , has threatened a local critic with five years in jail for creating the website “ mycongressmanisnuts.com , ”
The Orlando Sentinel reports that Grayson wrote a letter this week to Attorney General Eric Holder demanding that the federal government imprison Republican activist Angie Langley for five years because of her website criticizing him .
The website , designed to raise money against Grayson , catalogues videos and news clippings that portray the provocative congressman in an unfavorable light .
It courts donors to donate money to help elect his Republican challenger next year – collecting $ 3,725 to date .
Grayson accuses the activist of misrepresenting the fact that she ’s a constituent of his ( she lives outside his district ) .
“ Ms. Langley has deliberately masqueraded as a constituent of mine , in order to create the false appearance that she speaks for constituents who do n’t support me , ” Grayson wrote in the letter .
( You can read Grayson 's complete letter to Holder here . )
It ’s awfully ironic that Grayson is demanding to silence one of his critics , given his history of red-meat rhetoric against a host of powerful Republicans .
Earlier this month , he told MSNBC ’s Chris Matthews he wished Dick Cheney would “ STFU . ”
Earlier in the year , Grayson referred to conservative talk show host Rush Limbaugh as a “ has - been hypocrite loser ” who “ was more lucid when he was a drug addict . ”
comments closed
permalink
As it turns out , retired CIA agent John Kiriakou has an active imagination , basically .
According to a piece by veteran intelligence reporter Jeff Stein , Kiriakou “ basically made up ” details about the waterboarding of al Qaeda agent Abu Zubaydah .
Arguing that waterboarding — or simulated drowning — is actually effective in forcing prisoners to share secret information , Kiriakou told ABC News ’ Nightline in April , “ The next day [ after his first time being waterboarded ] , he told his interrogator that Allah had visited him in his cell during the night and told him to cooperate . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ From that day on , he answered every question , ” he said , according to ABC .
“ The threat information he provided disrupted a number of attacks , maybe dozens of attacks . ”
“ Now comes John Kiriakou , again , with a wholly different story , ” Stein noted in Foreign Policy .
“ On the next - to - last page of a new memoir , The Reluctant Spy : My Secret Life in the CIA ’s War on Terror ( written with Michael Ruby ) , Kiriakou now rather off handedly admits that he basically made it all up . ”
“ I was n’t there when the interrogation took place ; instead , I relied on what I ’d heard and read inside the agency at the time , ” Kiriakou reportedly said .
“ But after his one - paragraph confession , Kiriakou adds that he did n’t have any first hand knowledge of anything relating to CIA torture routines , and still doesn’t , ” Stein continued .
“ And he claims that the disinformation he helped spread was a CIA dirty trick : “ In retrospect , it was a valuable lesson in how the CIA uses the fine arts of deception even among its own . ”
Kiriakou had insisted repeatedly to ABC News that waterboarding , while “ torture , ” supposedly “ saved lives , ” even though he had no way of knowing that .
ADVERTISEMENT
The CIA has since destroyed all videotapes of Abu Zubaydah ’s interrogations .
He was allegedly subjected to waterboarding at least 83 times .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
A suicide bomber at the gates of the Pakistan Aeronautical Complex ( an Air Force base ) detonated his payload on Friday , killing 8 and wounding 17 .
Kamra is northwest of the capital , Islamabad , on the way to Peshawar , the capital of the North - West Frontier Province .
AP has video :
The Pakistani Taliban also set off a bomb in Peshawar , a major northern city .
Aljazeera English reports on the negative effect of militants ’ violence on Pakistan ’s retail sector , as most people prefer to stay home than to risk bombings .
The USG Open Source Center looks at Pakistani editorials on the attack in Islamabad on a Brigadier General :
Pakistan : Urdu Press Roundup Denounces Security Arrangements in Islamabad– OSC Summary
Friday , October 23 , 2009
Document Type : OSC Summary
Maintaining that the terrorists targeted the military officer in reaction to the operation against the terrorists in South Waziristan ; the editorial states :
“ It isquite clear that it will not be difficult for the militants , who can target the General Headquarters and military van in Islamabad , to target the Army in their own stronghold Waziristan .
A police officer believes that the attack on the military van on 22 October can be the reaction to the ongoing operation in Waziristan .
It appears that the assailants had fully monitored the areas beforehand . ”
Jinnah Editorial Points Finger at Blackwater
Discussing the free movement of the US security agency in Islamabad , the editorial says : ” US vehicles were checked many times and weapons were found in it .
It is probable that Blackwater personnel are involved in gunfire on the sensitive agency ’s van because this organization is famous for target killing .
No matter whether it functions under a cover name , its objective is to create turmoileverywhere . ”
Jang Article by Farooq Baloch Deplores Insufficient Security Arrangements
Terming the incident proof of security agencies ’ failure to hunt down terrorists in the federal capital ; the article comments : “ Long queues of vans on blockadesand shanty towns in the city can prove prelude to some great devastation .
However , no attention has since been paid on these problems .
This led to a great tragedy in G - 11 sector of Islamabad on 22 October , where a brigadier and a soldier were shot dead by the terrorists . ”
End / ( Not Continued )
80 ’s cult film staples “ Gremlins ” and “ Ghostbusters ” are both looking to get new 3D sequels .
First up MarketSaw reports that a third “ Gremlins ” film is in the works and will be shot in 3D .
The project is a brand new film rather than a 3D retrofit of the original but as it ’s so early there ’s no word on who will be penning the script .
The same site also says the previously reported on third “ Ghostbusters ” film is proceeding as planned , but with 3D now added into the mix .
Lee Eisneberg and Gene Stupnitsky are penning the script .
All indexes are .bt2 format and are compatible with both Bowtie 2 and with Bowtie as of v1.2.3
Index storage is thanks to AWS Public Datasets program .
See the Index zone page for details on the best ways to obtain this data , including from the AWS cloud .
We no longer link to the colorspace indexes , but they are still available at the old FTP site .
A seized car bought at a police auction has landed the new driver in jail on drug charges , according to the driver .
Last September , Nancy Manchaca bought her 22 - year - old son , Manuel Coronado , a car at a police auction so that he could get to and from class .
" He 's a college student .
So , you know , I help him out as much as I can , help him get a car so that he can go to school , " said Manchaca .
Coronado was driving the car on Friday when he had a blowout and crashed into a truck along state Highway 121 .
The collison ruptured the dashboard and , much to Coronado 's surprise , out popped 21 individually - wrapped bags of heroin .
When officers arrived at the scene of the crash , Coronado was arrested on a charge of drug possession with the intent to distribute .
He was later released after his mother posted a $ 20,000 bail .
" As soon as they arrested me , they just threw me right in the car and I had , after that , no say so , " said Coronado .
Coronado said he had no idea there were drugs in the car and believes whoever owned the vehicle before it was seized had stored the drugs in the dashboard .
A likely story that the Fort Worth police agree is plausible .
Officials with the department said they visually inspect every seized car before the cars go to auction , but acknowledge that if the drugs are hidden well enough they could go undiscovered .
" We did n't think about searching the car since we bought it at the police impound , " said Manchaca .
Aside from Manchaca and Coronado , the situation leaves many wondering why police did n't further search the seized car with drug - sniffing dogs before releasing it to the auction and the general public .
So far , officials have released no further statement regarding the car or the procedure for insuring the safety of the cars sold at auction .
Police said Coronado's case is under investigation and the charges may be dropped .
At this time , Coronado is unable to get his car out of the auto pound since it is now part of a narcotics investigation .
NBCDFW 's Ellen Goldberg contributed to this report .
two or more packages specified ( unp lenny )
" I 'm better now , I still have a little mark on my face , you can still see it , they tell me it will go away but unfortunately I 've lost a tooth , " Mr Berlusconi , who has had a face lift and hair transplant , said in a newspaper interview .
Love getting fully kitted out
Love getting fully kitted out
The Arnhem Operation
Heroic Battle for a Rhine Bridgehead
The Arnhem operation has been called a military gamble that nearly became a triumph .
In order to establish a bridgehead across the Rhine which could be used in turning the Siegfried Line at its northern end , the Allied Command employed the reinforced British 1st Airborne Division in an attempt to capture the Lower Rhine bridges at Arnhem , 60 miles in advance of the Allied bridgehead across the Escaut Canal .
At the same time , two intermediate objectives , Eindhoven and Nijmegen , were taken by two U.S. airborne divisions .
While the British division failed to hold the Arnhem bridgehead , its heroic 9 - day stand prevented German counterattacks against the Allied intermediate positions .
The mission of the 1st Airborne Division was to seize the Arnhem bridges intact and to hold a bridgehead around the perimeter of the town in anticipation of the arrival of land forces about 48 hours later .
The plan called for flying - in the division in three " lifts , " starting on 17 September 1944 .
The D - day " lift " was to consist of the 506th Parachute Brigade and the 508th Air Landing Brigade ; on the following day the 507th Parachute Brigade was to fly in ; and on the third day a Polish parachute brigade was scheduled to arrive .
The primary task of the 506th Parachute Brigade was to seize and hold the main Arnhem bridge , while the 508th Air Landing Brigade held various dropping and landing zones ( to the west of Arnhem ) to be used by the brigades which were to arrive on the second and third days .
When the whole division had landed , each brigade was to be responsible for holding parts of the bridgehead perimeter around Arnhem .
Although the enemy undoubtedly was taken by surprise , he recovered sufficiently to extemporize effective counter - action soon after the initial landings .
Apparently resigning himself to conceding Eindhoven and Nijmegen to the advancing Allies , he made a savage endeavor to annihilate the British force at Arnhem .
German reaction was so strong that the landing of the gliderborne element of the Polish brigade was violently opposed , and the dropping zone originally designated for the Polish paratroops was never cleared of the enemy .
Only a fraction of the British division was able to break through to the Arnhem bridges .
Consequently , after the night of D - day there were two separate engagements , that of the battalion at the bridge and that of the main body of the division pinned down to the west .
The main body held out until the night of 25 – 26 September , when the remnant which remained after 9 days of heavy fighting was evacuated across the Lower Rhine , while the battalion at the bridge was practically wiped out by 22 September .
Two viewpoints of the Arnhem operation are presented in this article .
The first is a British officer 's account of the attempt to hold the bridges , while the second is a German analysis of the lessons to be drawn from the Arnhem experience .
( All brigade and battalion designations in this article are fictitious . )
The Battle at the Bridge
This narrative was written by one of the few survivors of the parachute battalion which captured the main bridge and held it for 5 days against crushing German opposition .
From a dropping zone some 7 miles west of Arnhem , " Y " Parachute Battalion to which I belonged was to move as quickly as possible to seize the three bridges at Arnhem .
Later it was to hold the western part of the 506th Parachute Brigade 's sector in the bridgehead to be formed around Arnhem .
The Landing
We dropped at 1345 with perfect accuracy and had assembled ready to move off from the rendezvous about an hour later .
At the rendezvous three German motor patrols drove up at different times and were captured .
I was commanding A Company which led the advance .
We moved off as planned and encountered no opposition until we were approaching the road junction ( marked " A " on the map ) when we came under heavy fire from machine guns and mortars .
This opposition came from the extreme southern flank of a strong enemy position extending northward and covering the western approaches to Arnhem .
A platoon attack , however , drove off the enemy confronting us , and we continued on our way skirting around farther to the south .
All the Dutch we met were very friendly and pressed cups of tea on us .
A few sentries at the railway bridge ( marked " B " on the map ) delayed us for a short while , and then , after crossing the railway , we ran into an armored car which caused some casualties .
Unfortunately it withdrew before we could get a 6 - pounder on to it .
Further opposition was encountered at the road junction ( marked " C " on the map ) , but we managed to dodge around it through the houses .
Because of the inaccuracy of our map — which showed few of the roads that actually existed — and the somewhat involved fighting among the houses , my company on a number of occasions became very split up .
I found that bugle calls were a very satisfactory way to rally the men and did not seem to give any indication to the Germans of the route we were taking .
It was now getting dark .
Although we continued to meet several small parties of the enemy , we were able to get around them in the failing light .
We reached the northern end of the main bridge at 1945 , having already captured some 40 prisoners .
On the way C Company had been dropped off to carry out its task of seizing the railway bridge over the Lower Rhine .
The bridge , however , was blown as the platoon was attempting to cross .
The commanding officer had also anticipated trouble from the high ground at Den Brink and so had ordered B Company to occupy the area while the battalion was passing .
It met considerable opposition and suffered some casualties before moving on to its objective — the ponton bridge , which , however , had been burned before the company arrived .
Some enemy horse - drawn transport was crossing the main bridge as we arrived , and I hoped to push one platoon across , mixed up among these vehicles .
It was spotted , however , and after it had suffered heavy casualties from two twin light antiaircraft guns and an armored car , located on the bridge itself , the attempt was abandoned and the platoon withdrawn .
We organized a defensive perimeter around the north end of the bridge , and B Company near the burned ponton bridge was instructed to attempt a crossing in boats .
Since no boats could be found , this company was later pulled into the battalion locality .
We were also strengthened by brigade headquarters which had been switched to our route after we had broken through .
The brigadier himself , however , was still fighting with the two other battalions .
Nothing more was heard of C Company after the incident at the railway bridge .
It would seem that , according to plan , the company moved from the railway bridge to the sector allotted to it in the bridgehead perimeter .
There it must have been cut off and surrounded , and since no one else succeeded in reaching their allotted sectors in the perimeter , it was eventually eliminated after 2 days ' hard fighting .
During the night of 17 –18 September , one company from the two battalions fighting to the west of Arnhem managed to slip through to join us at the bridge .
It became clear that these two battalions were heavily engaged and so might be unable to force their way through the town .
The Germans tried an attack across the bridge from the south bank , but we drove it off with heavy casualties and set a number of vehicles alight .
The blazing vehicles conveniently lit up the whole area and made the occupation of our position an easier proposition .
In fact , so useful were they that the following night we deliberately set fire to a building near the bridge so that we would be able to see , and therefore prevent , any attempt by the enemy to blow the bridge .
No demolition charges had been laid when we arrived .
Initial German Attacks
Our position at daylight on 18 September was very satisfactory .
We held a small perimeter around the northern end of the bridge with four 6 - pounder antitank guns and some 550 enlisted men made up from my battalion , brigade headquarters , and the company that had joined us from one of the other battalions .
We were not , however , in touch by radio either with divisional headquarters or with the other two battalions .
Soon after daylight , the Germans started attacking us from the east , preceded by a very heavy bombardment of artillery and mortars .
The mortaring had little effect on us in the houses beyond making us evacuate attics .
Though this mortaring continued without pause throughout the next 3 days , we paid little heed to it .
The shelling , however , was a different kettle of fish and caused many casualties .
During the morning , antitank guns and PIAT 's [ infantry antitank projectors ] made very short work of some armored cars and halftrack vehicles that attempted to cross the bridge from the south .
Ten were left wrecked at the northern end of the bridge .
Then later in the day tanks and SP guns started attacking from the east , but again PIAT 's accounted for several and the rest sheered off .
By nightfall the position was still satisfactory , and during the night radio communication was at last established with divisional headquarters .
We were informed that two other battalions were trying to break through to us .
German Attacks Increase in Vigor
Throughout 19 September , the Germans ' attacks were continued with increasing vigor , but even so there was no material change in our positions until the evening .
Ammunition was beginning to run short , but what was really serious was that we had no PIAT bombs left .
Since the antitank guns were unable to establish any positions on the east side of our perimeter , the enemy tanks were there able to approach within 30 yards of the houses we were occupying and to pump shells into them .
There was nothing to do but to evacuate these houses temporarily , which meant , of course , that German infantry occupied them .
Then , when the tanks had withdrawn , we had to counterattack to reestablish ourselves in the houses we had vacated .
It proved a costly method of defense , to which there did not seem to be any alternative .
That evening several key houses for the defense of the perimeter were set on fire by German phosphorus bombs .
The situation was not improved when a Tiger tank drove down the street in front of battalion headquarters , firing three rounds into every house .
It was finally driven off , but not before it had done considerable damage , including wounding me .
I was able , however , to remain on duty .
I had taken over command of the battalion on the night of D - day , when the commanding officer took command of the whole force .
Casualties , so far , had not been light , but fortunately most of them were wounded .
An aid post had been established in the spacious cellars of a big house , and there two medical officers did all they could with the medical equipment available .
Difficulties were further increased by the cutting of the water supply .
During the night the force commander spoke to the divisional commander on the radio , and was told that far from the rest of the division coming to our aid , we might be asked to go and help them .
He was , however , told that some tanks were expected to reach us the following day from the south .
British Positions Become Untenable
The Germans began using many more tanks and SP guns during 20 September and the intensity of their attacks increased .
They smashed the houses by concentrated shellfire at almost point - blank range , and then set fire to them with phosphorus bombs .
By midday we had no positions left to the east of the bridge , since all the houses were either burning or still too hot to be reoccupied .
A very fierce battle then raged around the end of the bridge , with the result that most of the houses close to the river on the west side were also set alight , so that it became necessary to move the remnants of A and B Companies to houses farther north .
Our position had grown considerably worse , but we were still quite confident that we could hold out until the relieving land forces arrived .
An encouraging message from the division commander had told us that these forces hoped to start an attack directed at the southern end of the bridge at 1700 that evening .
We still had two antitank guns in action covering the bridge , and we kept the minimum number of men in the houses overlooking the bridge to prevent infiltration , while the rest dug - in in the small gardens behind the houses .
But just before dark the remaining houses we held also caught fire , and the defenders were forced back into the gardens .
There was now no house left in which to put the wounded , so we decided to surrender them and called for a cessation of fire for the purpose .
The enemy were very quick to evacuate the wounded , but under cover of this evacuation they infiltrated large numbers of infantry into every sector of our position , which as a result became untenable .
We , therefore , decided to put into effect a plan to move to a large warehouse still standing outside our perimeter , and there to reestablish the remnants of the force .
The move was carried out successfully , but in the process contact was lost with the bridge headquarters part of the force .
The warehouse was soon surrounded and it became clear that it , too , would suffer the same fate as the other houses .
We , therefore , divided our remaining 100 men into two parties , with instructions that each party should attempt to establish itself in other buildings for the night and then to concentrate at first light the next day in our old positions covering the bridge .
This move , however , proved impossible , since every street was well covered by enemy machine - gun fire , and almost every building in the neighborhood seemed to be held by them .
Our little force became very split up , and when we later heard from brigade headquarters that it also was very dispersed , we decided that we were no longer a fighting force .
Orders were given to hide by small parties in the ruins of the houses , in the hope that some of us , anyway , would remain undetected until the arrival of the land forces .
By midday on 22 September all our hiding places had been discovered and the last of us had been taken prisoner .
I managed to escape the following day and subsequently made my way back to our forces south of the Lower Rhine .
During the last day and a half of the battle , the Germans had methodically set about busting up the houses we occupied by shelling them from tanks at close range and then firing them with phosphorus bombs .
It was difficult to know how to counter such tactics .
If ever again I have to take up a defensive position in a built - up area , I shall , in the first place , occupy as large a perimeter as possible comprising as many houses as possible .
Against attacks by shellfire and phosphorus bombs , the end may still be inevitable , but the process of reduction will take longer when there are more houses to subdue .
The extra time thus given to the defenders might allow the burned - out houses to cool down so that their ruins could be re-occupied .
German Lessons from Arnhem
German Army Group recommendations for antiairborne measures , based on the Arnhem experience , emphasize the necessity for an improved warning service , for forming special commando groups to defend important objectives , and for " continuous , ceaseless , planned attacks . "
" Enemy " in this critique refers to the Allies .
The enemy succeeded in taking the Germans by surprise .
Preparation by the Allied air force began about 3 hours before the landings , in the form of bombing attacks against antiaircraft emplacements , which did not greatly exceed normal enemy air activity .
The attack against the antiaircraft positions was thought to be an attempt to disrupt bridges .
During the airborne landings the enemy air force shielded the landing site against the German Air Force .
For this reason , in spite of the good weather , their troop movement remained almost completely unhampered .
The enemy 's chief mistakes were in not landing the entire 1st British Airborne Division at once rather than over a period of 3 days and in not adding a second airborne division in the area west of Arnhem .
The enemy command will learn from this misfortune and in their next large - scale airborne landing will reinforce more decisively the center of their attack both in respect to time and place .
The general opinion among prisoners that ground forces must make contact with airborne troops within 3 days ' time at the latest makes far - reaching operational landings in the future unlikely .
The next airborne landings can be expected to be made in conjunction with ground force attacks or with new sea - borne landings .
In these the distance between the forces of about 60 miles which was decided upon for Arnhem may be increased .
This would be possible either by day or by night .
It is not very likely to take place behind sections of the West Wall which are intact , since the enemy would probably not think it possible to break through to the airborne troops in 2 or 3 days ' time .
Northeastern Holland , northwestern Germany , and adjoining sections of the West Wall therefore are threatened particularly with the danger of airborne landings ; the enemy chooses for his airborne landings areas where there is a lack of troops .
In this case , his information service failed him , and the strength of German opposition was a nasty surprise for him .
The time between landing and digging in was relatively long , between 2 and 3 hours .
Thereby the advantage of a surprise at Arnhem was lost .
The enemy had armored reconnaissance cars and heavy antitank guns .
In the battle for the bridges the enemy established positions in nearby houses .
Improved Defenses Necessary
Emphasis in preparatory measures should be on improvement of the warning service , building up of warning units and fighter commando units , and the reinforcement of all specially endangered objectives such as bridges .
The arrival of transport planes and troop - carrying gliders in large numbers , their position and course , should be announced by radio , at the latest , as they approach the coast .
In areas particularly threatened with airborne landings a net of doubly enforced observation sites should be arranged , having an elementary warning system to announce the approximate distance of all actual landings with an estimate of the number of paratroops and gliders ; for example : " Direction 2300 , approximate distance 3 miles , about 100 paratroops and 30 gliders landed . "
Several such warnings and estimates given to a central point will give the exact location .
Only in this way can false warnings be recognized and our own troops be sent in the right direction without delay .
Gliders flying across are not considered landings nor does the release of gliders necessarily mean that a landing is about to take place .
The landing of paratroop dummies must be quickly recognized and announced as such ; they can usually be taken to indicate that that area will not be used for a real landing .
In well - fortified areas the battalion and regimental staffs are the warning reception centers ; otherwise , the local command .
In the organization of warning units , the distribution of young , experienced leaders and subordinate leaders is especially important .
Troops who are physically under par are absolutely unqualified for this kind of fighting in which a fully developed decision must come in a very short time .
Only properly trained forces should be assigned , insofar as they can be armed ; the others , with requisitioned vehicles , should be formed into simple types of supply units .
Reinforcements of ammunition and supplies should be brought up quickly .
Nearby supply centers must be completely released .
In the case of large airborne landings , fighter commandos have the job of looking for the enemy , of warning , and of fighting ; they must quickly occupy important sectors and strengthen the defenses of specially threatened objectives .
Every local command must have at its disposal at least one fighter commando unit composed of 33 men and armed with four light machine guns , rifles , hand grenades , and many machine pistols .
In addition to the fighter commandos , the greatest possible number of warning units should be made mobile .
The chances of success are greatly enhanced by an increase and improvement in mobility .
The enemy 's weakest moments are just before and directly after the landings .
Quick use of light flak is especially important .
Fighter commandos must be ready for action within 15 minutes , warning units within an hour at the latest .
Mobilizing of heavy weapons by means of temporary motor transport and by loading on motor vehicles should be prepared ; for example , 2 - cm flak guns can be mounted on temporary wooden wagons ( for ground fire ) or airplane machine guns on passenger trucks .
Wood - burning cars are ill - suited for combat troops as they are not always ready to travel .
In order to combat a momentary lack of heavy weapons it is recommended that armament supply depots be established in areas threatened with airborne landings , from which the troops can be supplied .
The same applies to means of communication .
Since airborne landings are impossible in cities , troops stationed in them should be moved to the outskirts or to the country .
They should be taught the roads .
Detours for all bridges and narrow passes should be established .
Worn - out tanks and armored reconnaissance cars should be assigned to warning units .
Panzerschreck and Panzerfaust are very good defense in street fighting , as is concentrated firing of grenades .
Employment of weapons is particularly important as they make it necessary for the enemy to establish himself immediately in houses .
For this purpose units should also be equipped with special engineering weapons .
Organization of Defense
The nearest local staff must immediately take over command and establish advanced positions in the neighborhood of the airborne landing area .
All units should be sent into action in the direction of the landing area , and reconnaissance should be sent out immediately .
Defense of specially threatened objectives should be organized .
Immediate use of tanks and assault guns , if available , is recommended .
The opponent should be immediately attacked in the manner of a counterattack in order to cut him off immediately .
Continuous ceaseless , planned attacks in order to surround and destroy the enemy should be begun directly .
All available weapons should be thrown in immediately .
For leadership of our forces against airborne enemy troops , only energetic , capable , and determined officers should be used .
Rank and position should not be taken into account .
Units with weak leadership should be given experienced leaders or should be divided up .
Even at night the enemy should be allowed no respite and continuous artillery fire and heavy infantry weapons should be used .
There should be rapid introduction of strong flak in the landing area in order to disrupt and hamper further troop and supply landings as much as possible .
Where our forces feel undoubtedly superior to the enemy , gliders should not be shot down , since they carry valuable booty , especially heavy weapons , motor vehicles , and motorcycles .
Our troops should display enemy landing signals which will , with experience , soon be captured , and the enemy 's water supply should be cut off by encirclement .
In particularly threatened areas , roads should be carefully marked with luminous paint signs that can be seen in the dark .
Casualties among officers in combat with enemy airborne troops are particularly high ; therefore , after a successful landing , officer reinforcements must immediately be thrown in .
Defense against enemy airborne landings must be realistically rehearsed at least once a month .
These rehearsals should include warning units and should invoke limited requisitioning of civilian vehicles .
In this way only can leaders and subordinates get to know their people .
Practice warnings should be fully carried out by units of combat strength at night , as well as by day .
Long - awaited Battlestar Galactica prequel Caprica starts on January 22 , and we 've seen the first few episodes .
Here 's our spoiler - free assessment of this challenging show that 's going to take you in unexpected directions .
Advertisement
After watching the two - hour pilot ( currently available on DVD ) and first two episodes of Caprica , I was left feeling like I wanted this to be a brand - new series completely released from the Battlestar Galactica universe .
The show 's speculative worldbuilding is pyrotechic in its awesomeness , but diehard fans of BSG are going to find themselves nitpicking about how this vision of Bill Adama 's history does n't seem to fit with the person he became ( or even things he 's told us about his past in the original series ) .
My advice is to muzzle the voice in your head that 's going to say , " Hey ! Adama could n't have come from that ! " and just enjoy this as a mind - bending look at another world .
Advertisement
That said , one way that Caprica works solidly as a prequel to BSG is its explanation for why so many of the cylons are obsessed with monotheism .
We see the origins of this aspect of cylon consciousness in the laboratory of cylon inventor Daniel Graystone ( Eric Stoltz ) and his computer genius daughter Zoe .
It 's Zoe 's invention of virtual reality AI that allows Graystone to invent his sentient robots , and her troubled relationship with a monotheistic terrorist group is intimately tangled with her high - tech creation .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Yes , I said " monotheistic terrorist group , " but do n't run away from what sounds like it could be a clunky allegory .
Caprica takes place in an urban culture , Caprica City , that 's a satisfyingly mutated version of American cities .
As we learned in BSG , the humans ' dominant religion is polytheistic , similar to that of ancient Greece .
Perhaps as a result , Capricans are sexually liberal : Gay marriage is commonplace ( one of the main characters , Bill Adama 's uncle Sam , is in a sweet , cozy gay marriage ) ; it is also legal for people to form group marriages with many partners , and we see a positive example of this kind of relationship too .
At the same time , Caprica City is rife with class and ethnic divisions reminiscent of New York City in the 1940s .
Bill 's father Joseph ( Essai Morales ) struggles to achieve professional respectability in a world that looks down on Tauran immigrants like himself .
In short , there are vast ghettos between those shiny buildings .
Advertisement
In a place like Caprica City , it 's not hard to imagine that disaffected kids might turn to monotheism as a form of rebellion .
Think of it as a reversal of what happened in 1960s America , where kids rebelled against their conservative parents with sex and drugs .
But in Caprica City , sex is n't forbidden and every kid with an internet connection can go into an immersive virtual reality world of drugs , dancing , deathgames , and even weirder things .
So how do kids like Zoe rebel ?
By embracing a conservative faith :
They thumb their noses at authority via Love of the One True God .
Oh , and also by blowing up trains .
Advertisement
So far I 've mostly talked about the worldbuilding in Caprica , which as I said earlier is its strongest suit .
But what about the story itself ?
Former showrunner Jane Espenson has helped create a world that feels truly original , but as a result the main characters are burdened with carrying us through a lot of complicated politics .
It 's hard to teach us about a mostly alien culture while also telling a compelling story , and sometimes the pacing of Caprica falters a bit - dialog stretches into meaninglessness ; scenes feel like they 're coming slightly out - of - order ; and some of the subplots come across as forced .
In some ways Caprica is going to remind you of Dollhouse - the premise is incredibly awesome ; the worldbuilding is sublime ; but the stories sometimes fall flat .
Luckily , Caprica has a strong throughline ( unlike Dollhouse in its first season ) and if the pace picks up a bit I think we 're in for one hell of a ride .
Advertisement
Actually I think we 're in for a hell of a ride no matter what , and you 're going to see the kind of science fiction story that 's rarely been told on television .
Blending 40s - style noir with the birth of artificial intelligence ?
It 's like a retro singularity story , and damn that 's shiny .
There are some absolutely stunning scenes in episode 2 , " The Reins of a Waterfall , " where the feeling of being a sentient robot is captured heartwrenchingly - with a few well - timed shots .
I wo n't spoil it , of course , but I guarantee you 'll be talking about it .
Caprica may be starting off a little unevenly , but it 's packed with such a wealth of great ideas that you wo n't want to miss a single episode .
COLORADO SPRINGS —
As the homeless camps have grown along Monument and Fountain creeks in recent months , so have concerns about the environmental and public health impacts of human waste .
With few nearby public rest rooms , many of the more than 120 people living in the camps appear to be relieving themselves in and along the creeks , and the consequences could be worse than the foul smell .
“ I ’m concerned about the possibility of an E. coli outbreak , ” said Bob Holmes , executive director of the homeless advocacy group Homeward Pikes Peak .
Holmes recounted some horror stories of camp sanitation : 13 buckets of human waste found along Monument Creek ; a downed tree near East Las Vegas Street serving as a commode , where the waste was 18 inches deep ; underpasses where the walls are serving as toilet and toilet paper .
He said police issue citations , but they are rare , because officers have to catch someone in the act .
City resident Janis Heuberger , a real estate agent , has filed a complaint with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and sent Colorado Springs City Council members and The Gazette photos of makeshift toilets and toilet paper along the creeks .
“ We ’re talking about fecal bacteria , we ’re talking about E. coli , as well as garbage , in our water systems , ” Heuberger said .
“ I think the city needs to disconnect with love and enforce the laws and uphold the laws and let the agencies come up with the conclusions .
But in the meantime we ’re letting them use our creeks as a human waste dumping ground , and I have huge issues with that , ” she said .
Read the rest of this report at Gazette.com .
BERLIN  The Polish police said Friday that the iron sign over the gate to the Auschwitz memorial with the infamous phrase “ arbeit macht frei ”  “ work sets you free ”  has been stolen .
Katarzyna Padlo , a police spokeswoman , said the police believe it was taken between 3:30 a.m. and 5 a.m. Friday .
Ms. Padlo , who was quoted by The Associated Press , said the sign over the main entrance to Auschwitz , the former Nazi death camp in southern Poland , near Krakow , was removed by being unscrewed on one side and pulled off on the other .
She said the authorities immediately launched an intensive search .
The sign was erected soon after Auschwitz - Birkenau , the largest Nazi extermination camp , was built in May 1940 , and more than a million people died during the four - and - a - half years of Auschwitz ’s existence .
The victims were mainly Jewish men , women and children but included Polish political prisoners , Soviet prisoners of war , Roma families , gay men and lesbians , people with disabilities and prisoners of conscience .
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell says that President Barack Obama would have had more support in the Senate if he just governed more towards the middle .
“ As I ’ve said all year , if he wants to meet us in the middle of the political spectrum we ’ll be there to help , ” McConnell told NBC ’s David Gregory Sunday .
For McConnell , the president ’s whole problem is that he is n’t moderate enough .
“ The president decided to go hard left , ” he said .
“ That ’s why he does n’t have many of my members .
If he chooses to govern in the middle he will have broader support , ” said McConnell .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from NBC ’s Meet the Press , broadcast Jan. 24 , 2010 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Free TV shows on the Internet could be harder to find if Comcast Corp succeeds in acquiring a majority stake in NBC Universal .
Comcast would become a partner in Hulu the video website which allows viewers to watch TV shows on the Web for free , a business potentially worth billions of dollars if consumers had to pay to watch the shows .
The video website is jointly owned by NBC Universal , News Corp and Walt Disney Co. Hulu is the most popular site in the United States for watching TV shows , according to comScore .
Comcast is in talks with General Electric
Co , to buy 51 percent of NBC Universal , which would allow the cable operator to combine its cable assets with NBC ’s cable networks , movie studio and theme parks , according to people familiar with the talks .
Cable operators have downplayed investor fears that customers will drop cable for free TV on the Web .
But privately they ’ve warned TV networks they may stop paying affiliate fees if free TV shows keep cropping up on the Web .
Hulu had nearly 40 million unique viewers in August , web measurement company comScore said .
That is more than Comcast ’s 24 million paying subscribers , which account for about $ 5 billion a quarter in revenue .
“ We suspect Comcast believes it needs content to protect its landline distribution platform , ” Richard Greenfield , analyst at Pali Research , wrote in a note to investors on Friday .
“ It wants to mitigate the risk of becoming that scary ‘ dumb ’ pipe . ”
Comcast , the largest U.S. cable operator , has approached the Web ’s free TV threat by getting behind a service called TV Everywhere with Time Warner Inc .
The idea behind TV Everywhere is to allow consumers to watch shows on the web -- so long as they are paying cable subscribers .
“ This deal ( Comcast - NBC ) has major implications on the success of TV Everywhere , ” said Thomas Eagan , an analyst at Collins Stewart .
“ Comcast may decide to change Hulu to some degree to facilitate a premium Hulu service much faster . ”
Comcast has even tried to match Hulu with its own free TV website , Fancast .
But while Hulu has come from nowhere to become the sixth most visited video site in the U.S. in just 18 months , Fancast has n’t even cracked the Top 10 .
“ Hulu was started by NBC and Fox so they could compete with Comcast .
So this is a defensive move to some extent by Comcast , ” said Kaufman Bros. analyst Todd Mitchell .
“ Hulu will just become another choice of Comcast ’s pay - TV buffet . ”
If Comcast has a stake in Hulu ’s future , as Mitchell suggests , it effectively reduces competition to the cable sector .
Since web video is still a fledgling sector , however , it is unlikely to raise the hackles of U.S. regulators , said analysts .
Indeed , the Federal Communications Commission is likely to focus on other concerns if General Electric Co , which controls NBC Universal , decides to sell a 51 percent stake to Comcast , as sources have said the two sides are talking about .
Namely , the FCC may be concerned about combining NBC Universal ’s national broadcast network , NBC , and its huge range of cable networks , like Bravo and USA , with the largest cable operator in the country .
Paul Gallant , a telecom regulation analyst with Washington - based Concept Capital , said the deal would likely be approved by antitrust regulators and the FCC .
“ The primary reason is that the two companies do not have a great deal of product overlap , and thus the competitive concerns appear to be fairly limited , ” Gallant said .
Gallant said the FCC already has program access rules that ensure that cable operators who own programing sell it to competitors at reasonable rates .
TV operators such as DirecTV Group , DISH Network , Verizon , AT&T may ask the FCC for a more effective enforcement process .
“ Should the FCC pursue this angle , it could potentially hinder Comcast from realizing the full value of NBCU ’s programing , ” Gallant said .
( Additional reporting by John Poirier in Washington )
The arrests seemed orchestrated to deliver the Justice Department ’s message directly to others in the business .
All but one of the defendants were arrested on Tuesday in Las Vegas , where they were attending the Shooting , Hunting , Outdoor Trade Show and Conference , known as the SHOT Show , which is billed as “ the world ’s premier exposition of combined firearms , ammunition , archery , cutlery , outdoor apparel , optics , camping and related products and services . ”
The drama began to unfold last spring in the sleek beachfront glamour of the Mandarin Oriental Hotel in Miami .
There , on May 13 , the curtain went up on a two - city sting worthy of a George Clooney caper .
After a closely guarded investigation that had taken more than two years , the cast was in place .
There was a mystery figure identified in the indictments as “ Individual 1 , ” a former executive in the law enforcement and military equipment industry who clearly lent credibility to the business deal offered to the defendants , all described as business associates of his .
There was “ Undercover Agent 1 , ” an F.B.I. agent posing as a representative of the defense minister of an unidentified African nation , Country A .
And there was “ Undercover Agent 2 , ” another agent posing as a procurement officer who reported directly to the defense minister .
Image Lanny Breuer , assistant attorney general , said “ international cooperation is growing everyday . ”
Credit ... Brendan Hoffman / Bloomberg News
Over two days in Miami , a number of executives sat down in separate meetings with the undercover team to discuss a sales opportunity .
A week later , the undercover team moved to the Ritz - Carlton Hotel in Washington , where more executives sat down to talk .
The script varied only in the products on the shopping list .
In each case , the former sales executive said that a friend of his , a self - employed sales agent , was “ tasked by Country A ’s minister of defense with obtaining various defense articles for outfitting Country A’s presidential guard . ”
When people meet each other , they shake hands , slap five , smile , salute , bow , embrace , say , Yo. Hello .
How are you ?
Good morning .
Good evening .
What ’s up ?
What ’s new ?
They may be happy to see each other .
They may not care very much at all .
Strangers greet each other differently than people who know each other well .
You would n’t greet a new kid at school the same way you ’d greet your best friend .
You would n’t say hello to your mother the same way you ’d say hello to the president of the United States .
Most greetings are friendly or polite .
Some are n’t .
Some greetings show respect for a person ’s rank .
Most probably do n’t .
The same is true of animals .
Their greetings are as many and varied as the species themselves .
You know how people greet each other .
But what are animal greetings like ?
When different animals meet their own kind , just what do they do ?
By Jill Dorson - January 24 , 2010
I am a registered Independent .
I voted for Barack Obama .
And for that , I am sorry .
I 'm not sorry for you .
I 'm sorry for me .
Because I voted for Obama for me , not for you .
I voted for hope and change and all the intangibles that Obama was peddling in the wake of the financial crisis , Sarah Palin , Sept. 11 and all the other ills that shook our country in the last decade .
I wanted something new .
Something different .
What I got was , I suppose , exactly what I voted for - a spin doctor .
And not a very good one at that .
Before John McCain unwittingly picked a tabloid - magazine cover girl for his running mate , I was leaning toward going Republican this time around .
I did the second time Bush was on the ballot and I very nearly did the first time , too .
But as soon as Palin climbed out of her igloo and onto the national scene , well , there was no turning back for me .
You see , I felt my choice was to risk McCain dropping dead and letting the world 's most well - known hockey mom run this country , or to believe that Obama would surround himself with educated people and that he was smart enough to take their advice .
I was right .
He is smart enough to seek counsel .
I 'm just outraged at the counsel he 's seeking these days .
Key financial leaders who are tax cheats come immediately to mind , but as the recent terror attack made clear to me , the idea that a president of the most powerful nation in the world could think it was OK to have a Homeland Security chief with such a loose grasp of what terrorism is and how it works is troubling .
I was right there laughing when George W. Bush struggled with the names of countries around the world early in his tenure .
And while my knowledge of foreign policy is limited , I thought Bush 's was lousy , too .
But after Sept. 11 , I saw a man with no charisma step up and fight for this country , its citizens and its freedom .
Bush became a leader .
Seven years later , I am ashamed to say that I was blinded by charisma .
Obama was so convincing that I stopped caring about what he knew and started getting caught up in the euphoria .
Imagine having a president who came from a broken home , who had money troubles , who did grass - roots community service ?
A young father .
The first black president .
It pains me to admit I got caught up in the hoopla .
But McCain made it easy .
He 's a smart man , I do n't doubt that .
But between picking Palin , suggesting that the first debates be delayed and , well , picking Palin , he made it easy for Obama to win .
As Election Day drew near , all Obama had to do was keep his mouth shut to win .
All that changed when the Obama campaign became the Obama administration .
I was a small business owner during 2008 election and my business ultimately failed under the weight of a horrendous economy .
I am not ashamed .
I worked hard .
But I believed that Obama would try to level the playing field between big business and small , between thieves and honest business people , between greed and moderation .
Instead , he bailed out the most wicked and left the rest of us fail .
I watched with horror as Obama followed Bush 's lead in bailing out banks , auto makers , insurance companies , all of those companies deemed " too big to fail . "
What does that mean ?
My small company got thrown under the bus and my savings were ravaged - perhaps Wall Street is using them for bonuses this year .
Not to mention President Obama is recklessly spending our country 's future into oblivion .
It was clear after just 90 days what a mistake I 'd made .
My taxes have gone up and my quality of life has gone down .
Hope has given way to disgust and I see now that change is simply a euphemism for " big government . "
Like many others , my view is narrow .
I vote for the candidate I think will be best for me .
I often define myself as a fiscal conservative and a social liberal .
But above all , I want to feel safe and I do n't want to feel that I am being ripped off .
I want a president who inspires me and cares about my contribution to the fabric of the country .
I want a president with experience and savvy , a Commander in Chief who puts our country and its citizens first .
I only hope the Republicans can find him the next time around .
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack has ordered his staff to revise a computerized forecasting model that showed that climate legislation supported by President Obama would make planting trees more lucrative than producing food .
The latest Agriculture Department economic - impact study of the climate bill , which passed the House this summer , found that the legislation would profit farmers in the long term .
But those profits would come mostly from higher crop prices as a result of the legislation ’s incentives to plant more forests and thus reduce the amount of land devoted to food - producing agriculture .
According to the economic model used by the department and the Environmental Protection Agency , the legislation would give landowners incentives to convert up to 59 million acres of farmland into forests over the next 40 years .
The reason :
Trees clean the air of heat - trapping gases better than farming does .
Mr. Vilsack , in a little - noticed statement issued with the report earlier this month , said the department ’s forecasts “ have caused considerable concern ” among farmers and ranchers .
TWT RELATED STORIES :
• Justice transfers Panthers pursuer out of D.C. office
• Al Qaeda takes credit for plot to down plane
• Iran arrests 1,000 as protests strengthen
• PRUDEN : Most important civil right of all
“ If landowners plant trees to the extent the model suggests , this would be disruptive to agriculture in some regions of the country , ” he said .
He said the Forest and Agricultural Sector Optimization Model ( FASOM ) , created by researchers at Texas A&M University , does not take into account other provisions in the House - passed bill , which would boost farmers ’ income while they continue to produce food .
Those omissions , he said , cause the model to overestimate the potential for increased forest planting .
Mr. Vilsack said he has directed his chief economist to work with the EPA to “ undertake a review of the assumptions in the FASOM model , to update the model and to develop options on how best to avoid unintended consequences for agriculture that might result from climate change legislation . ”
The legislation would give free emissions credits , known as offsets , to farmers and landowners who plant forests and adopt low - carbon farm and ranching practices .
Farmers and ranchers could sell the credits to help major emitters of greenhouse gases comply with the legislation .
That revenue would help the farmers deal with an expected rise in fuel and fertilizer costs .
But the economic forecast predicts that nearly 80 percent of the offsets would be earned through the planting of trees , mostly in the Midwest , the South and the Plains states .
The American Farm Bureau Federation and some farm - state Republican lawmakers have complained that the offsets program would push landowners to plant trees and terminate their leases with farmers .
The model projects that reduced farm production will cause food prices to rise by 4.5 percent by 2050 compared with a scenario in which no legislation is passed , the department found .
A department spokesman declined to comment about how quickly the review would take place or whether Mr. Vilsack would revise the department ’s economic - impact projections .
The Senate has not taken action on climate legislation , although the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee passed a bill similar to the House ’s last month .
That measure did not include agriculture provisions .
Sen . Blanche Lincoln , Arkansas Democrat and chairman of the Agriculture , Nutrition and Forestry Committee , has said she will hold hearings on climate provisions but has not indicated when those will take place .
The ranking Republican on the committee , Sen. Saxby Chambliss of Georgia , and his counterpart on the House Agriculture Committee , ranking Republican Rep. Frank D. Lucas of Oklahoma , wrote to Mr. Vilsack and EPA Administrator Lisa P. Jackson earlier this month to ask for new economic analyses of the House and Senate bills .
“ EPA ’s analysis was often cited during debate in the House of Representatives and the study had a great impact on the final vote .
If there was a flaw in the analysis , then it would be prudent to correct the model and perform a more current and complete analysis on both [ bills ] , ” they wrote .
In a statement , the EPA said : “ EPA looks forward to working with USDA and the designer of this particular computer model to continue improving the analytical tools that all of [ us ] use to predict the ways that different climate policies would affect agriculture . ”
Allison Specht , an economist at the American Farm Bureau Federation , said other studies have largely confirmed the results of the EPA and Agriculture Department analysis .
“ That ’s one of the realities of cap - and - trade legislation .
The biggest bang for your buck for carbon credits is planting trees , ” she said .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
If you believe this to be an error , please contact the system administrators ( Registered Users only ) by selecting the ' Contact Us ' link .
Sorry for the inconvenience .
SEOUL , South Korea  North Korea on Monday proposed talks with the United States to reach a formal peace treaty that would replace the truce that halted the Korean War 57 years ago , indicating that it would not give up its nuclear weapons until Washington signed such an accord .
North Korea said peace talks should be held either as part of the six - nation talks that focus on ending its nuclear weapons program or as a separate negotiation .
But the North also warned that it would not return to six -nation talks  from which it withdrew last April  unless the United Nations lifted sanctions imposed after the North ’s nuclear and ballistic missile tests last year .
The North had previously proposed peace negotiations with the United States and South Korea .
But its latest overture came as it was trying to shift the focus of the six - nation talks , where a peace treaty had been set aside until North Korea made significant progress toward dismantling its nuclear weapons program .
“ If a peace treaty is signed , it will help resolve hostile relations between North Korea and the United States and speed up the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula , ” the North Korean Foreign Ministry said in a statement carried by the North ’s state - run news agency , K.C.N.A .
-- Alex Ovechkin " I 'm proud .
It 's a big honor for me .
I 'm going to do my best , but still I do n't want to concentrate on just having the ' C ' on my heart .
I 'm going to do the same thing . "
The ' C ' on his sweater completes all of Alex Ovechkin 's personal goals .
Still left for the superstar Russian left wing and back - to - back Hart Trophy winner is an Olympic gold medal and a Stanley Cup championship , both of which are attainable this year .
In a move that really was only a matter of time , Ovechkin debuted Tuesday night as the Washington Capitals ' captain , becoming the 14th player and first European in team history to bear the honor .
Chris Clark was the captain until he was traded to Columbus last week .
The Caps won in Ovechkin 's debut , beating Montreal , 4 - 2 , Tuesday to snap a three - game losing skid .
Alexander Semin scored twice and Tomas Fleischmann , in his first game at center , had a goal and two assists .
Ovechkin was held off the scoresheet for just the eighth time this season .
" I 'm proud .
It 's a big honor for me , " Ovechkin said .
" I 'm going to do my best , but still I do n't want to concentrate on just having the ' C ' on my heart .
I 'm going to do the same thing .
" Ovechkin , 24 , becomes the third youngest captain in the NHL behind Pittsburgh 's Sidney Crosby , 22 , and Chicago 's Jonathan Toews , 21 .
Six of the 28 captains in the NHL are 25 or younger , including Columbus ' Rick Nash , Los Angeles ' Dustin Brown and Philadelphia 's Mike Richards " He 's been the face of the franchise for a long time , " Caps defenseman Tom Poti said .
" Well deserved and well earned .
" Originally , GM George McPhee and coach Bruce Boudreau said they were going to take their time in making this selection out of respect for Clark and the letter .
They also wanted to make sure they were picking the right guy , not just any guy because of his name or ability .
It took all of seven days for them to decide because really , there is nobody in the dressing room more suited to be the Caps ' captain than Ovechkin .
Even the rest of the team knows that .
Boudreau said he had polled the team in recent days and Ovechkin was the unanimous choice .
" Who else is it supposed to be but the biggest leader on our team , " Fleischmann said .
" We wanted it to be him . " " They were really happy when I told them ( Tuesday ) morning and this does n't happen too often , but the group got up and cheered , " Boudreau said .
" I had talked to a lot of them in the last couple of days and they said Alex was the only choice , ' He 's our leader and he 's our guy .
'" Washington 's free wheeling , fun-loving , high scoring ways are a direct reflection of their best player .
Ovi has the respect of everybody in the dressing room for the way he plays , with his incredible mix of skill and power .
And , he has basically single - handedly rejuvenated Washington , turning it into a marquee hockey market and Verizon Center into a major home - ice advantage .
It helps , too , that Ovechkin is signed through the 2020 - 21 season .
" The thing that sort of shows how he was ready was when I talked to him two or three days ago about it , he said , ' I would accept the responsibility but only if my teammates want me to .
If they 're happy with me as a captain , I 'd be glad to be captain , ' " Boudreau said .
" He was already thinking about the team rather than thinking about himself , which is what captain 's do .
" Clark wore the ' C ' for three and a half seasons , but when he was injured the last two years , sitting out a combined 114 games , nobody wore the ' C ' in his absence .
Ovechkin had been an alternate captain since 2006 - 07 .
" I think if different guys on the team want me to represent the team it means a lot , " Ovechkin said .
" I have the trust and that 's a very good thing .
" Boudreau told Ovechkin he was the choice Monday and then he informed the team Tuesday , but the Capitals kept it a secret until around 6:30 Tuesday night when Ovechkin emerged from the dressing room for warm - ups with the ' C ' on over his left shoulder .
Ovechkin is already a two - time winner of both the Hart and Rocket Richard Trophies and the Lester B. Pearson Award .
He also won Calder Trophy in 2006 .
" I think he 's got all the qualities you look for in a captain , and to see that in someone so young is incredible , " said former Washington captain Yvon Labre .
" He 's been a leader since he 's been here , and he leads by example .
If he gets upset , you can see him start to take over a game .
There 's no doubt he 's deserving .
" Ovechkin said he 's going to be more of a leader by example , but he wo n't hesitate to make his voice heard in the dressing room either .
" We have lots of guys who can talk , but if I need to say something I 'm going to say something , " Ovechkin said .
" I 'm just going to show it on the ice and if I need to say something in the locker room , I will .
" Boudreau expects
Ovechkin's on - ice leadership to shine through , but the Capitals will still need someone else to replace everything Clark did off the ice , such as gather the team for functions .
Clark 's wife even took care of the rest of the players ' wives . " ( Clark ) took care of the room .
Ovi is taking care of the ice , " Boudreau said .
" I can't picture Alex getting on the phone saying , ' Listen , we all have to be at dinner at this guys ' house . '
It just is n't going to happen . "
Comcast 's proposed $ 30 billion purchase of NBC Universal is a bad deal for consumers , as well as for net neutrality .
If approved , the purchase will create yet another instance where a company that delivers digital content will have a profit motive to discriminate against other content providers .
The FCC should stop this deal , partially because it furthers media consolidation into too few hands , but also because it flies against the prevailing wind of net neutrality , as envisioned by FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski .
( What is " net neutrality ? "
Here 's an explainer ) .
Taken to an extreme , why should Comcast / NBC carry any non-NBC programming on its cable systems that does n't have to ?
That would n't hurt broadcasters , whose channels cable companies are obliged to carry , but cable - only networks lack such protection and could find themselves off Comcast 's systems on a competitive whim .
Competitive forces prevent extreme behavior such as this , at least until the day AT&T buys CBS or ABC , and decides to dump MSNBC , Bravo , and CNBC from its network because they are owned by rival Comcast ( once the deal completes ) .
Yes , I know this is extreme and I am not predicting it will happen .
Still , owning NBC Universal will give Comcast every reason everything possible to prop up the failing TV network , perhaps at the expense of other broadcasters and content providers .
There are all kinds of ways for Comcast to do this , if it chooses , some obvious to consumers and others hidden .
If I were an NBC Universal competitor that needed Comcast to reach my customers , I would be very afraid of what might happen as a result of this deal .
The purchase further demonstrates what a desperate time we live in and how desperate media companies have become .
In my world , companies that provided carriage - - digital plumbing , if you will -- would be prevented from owning the content that flowed across their networks .
If already in place , this doctrine would have prevented cable companies , which already owned the physical cable plant , from investing in programming companies .
In the early days of cable , this would have maintained the cable companies ' monopoly on access to customers ' homes , but would have also prevented them from forcing channels they owned on customers who might have preferred a competitive channel instead .
Today , the line between cable companies , telephony providers , and other telecom businesses have blurred considerably .
Yet , the issue remains : Someone has to bring programming into your home or office , perhaps over an IP connection , and if that " someone " also happens to own content or a competing legacy business , like voice telephony , there is reason to be concerned .
That is how this all circles back to the net neutrality issue .
I hope I have explained how allowing Comcast to purchase NBC Universal would work against the idea of a free and open Internet ( that includes television ) .
This deal must be stopped .
David Coursey has been writing about technology products and companies for more than 25 years .
He tweets as @techinciter and may be contacted via his Web site .
A top House Democrat on Friday said his committee was preparing to recommend " abolishing " mortgage - finance giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and rebuilding the U.S. housing - finance system from scratch .
" The remedy here is ... as I believe this committee will be recommending , abolishing Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac in their current form and coming ...
If you are looking for fine living on the water , you simply ca n’t go wrong with the 55 wallypower luxury motor yacht .
This new model completes the wallypower range and is an worthy addition to the 47 wallypower and the 64 wallypower .
The motor yacht design boasts an aggressive , super sporty look complete with a huge windscreen in keeping with the full open design concept of the range .
The windscreen is the ideal replacement for the traditional hard top and surrounds the cockpit area .
The cockpit has been designed with the same kind of plush interior as the rest of the luxury motor yacht and has two symmetrical seating and relaxing areas that epitomize comfort .
The seating areas are strategically placed one on each side so that they are sheltered by the windscreen .
The cockpit can be customized by covering it with a hardtop or a bimini to offer protection from the sun in the open areas .
The luxury motor yacht also features a 108 square feet sprawling aft “ beach ” which gives you the feeling of being on your own terrace on the sea and this area makes a wonderful place to sip champagne while getting that perfect sun kissed look .
The propulsion system is as innovative and amazing as the design of this yacht , powered by four Volvo DG engines each offering a thrust of 435 Hp .
This coupled with the IPS 600 offers mind blowing maneuverability .
Of course , the advanced propulsion system also guarantees a 20 % increase in the range and a 30 % increase in performance .
Consequently , no vibrations are felt even when you are running the yacht at 40 knots , close to the maximum speed of 42 knots .
This craft has been designed for exceptional stability , high performance and reduced noise .
Another difference from other models in the wallypower series is the innovative aft passerelle which can be retracted hydraulically .
Like the 118 wallypower , this 6 ’11 x 5 ’ 3 surface can be used as a swimming ladder or boarding platform depending on the position .
The passerelle can also be used to handle and lift a jet ski on board which makes it an ideal powerboat for an afternoon spent frolicking on the water .
The 55 WallyPower is the powerboat of choice for people who are water sport enthusiasts and would like a vehicle that meets all their requirements .
The interior layout is also stunning with two to three cabins that can be customized into a single suite , a galley , a salon and a crew cabin also en suite .
When the 55 wallypower debuted in Monaco , one look at its spectacular features and its head - turning design proved that this luxury motor yacht was certainly not a run of the mill power boat .
Looking strikingly similar to a toy that a movie moguls or billionaire would own , the all open concept gives the 55 wallypower a futuristic look .
Monaco based Wally Yachts offers this model with custom interiors designed to suit the specifications of buyers including a range of hues to choose from .
As far as the interiors go , Wally Yachts has stuck to its trademark stealthy look .
The yacht has a six place dining table on its port side which offers a stunning view of the sky and the tranquil waters as you dine while the wheel and the navigation system are on the left .
The 55 wallypower is available in different themes to suit the tastes of even the most discerning customers .
* * *
Related links :
Wally Yachts
Foto : wally.com
15 January 2010 : This solar eclipse is the longest annular solar eclipse that will occur in the 21st century , lasting 11 minutes .
In an annular eclipse , the sun and moon are directly in line , but since the moon is smaller , it leaves the blazing outer rim of the sun visible
So here ’s something a judge on the Massachusetts Appeal Court recently said — in reply to government cops who forced their way into Wilbert Cruz - Rivera ’s car , without any warrant , and opened up a pill bottle while rummaging around in his things , and then claimed that this invasive warrantless search , conducted on the private property of a man who was not accused of any criminal offense , was justified as an officer safety search :
On this record , it simply was not reasonable to believe that the defendant might , upon his release with a message that he was free to go , enter his car , reach into the console , open a pill bottle , extract a weapon smaller than four - and - one - half inches by one - and - three - fourths inches , and use it in an effort to harm the two nearby , fully armed police officers who had just released him .
— Quoted in The Boston Globe ( 2009 - 12-17 ) : Court : Concern about tiny weapons did n’t justify search
Photograph by Luke Jerram
Luke Jerram makes the deadliest art in the world .
His subjects have caused pain and suffering for hundreds of millions of people throughout history .
They are infectious , they are resilient , and they are everywhere .
THE DEADLY ARTIST – LUKE JERRAM
– Born in Stroud , England and now living in Bristol UK with his wife Shelina and two children Maya and Nico ( Bellic ? )
– Diagnosed with dichromatic colorblindness at an early age
– Led to obsession with the mysteries of human perception , both its idiosyncratic nature and its innate limitations
– Where does the visual perception of an object end and the memory of it begin ?
– His goal : to explore the tension between a viruses ’ devastating beauty and their devastating impact on humanity
Photograph by Luke Jerram
HOW TO MAKE THE DEADLIEST ART IN THE WORLD
– The Collaborators : University of Bristol virologist Andrew Davidson , glassblowers , Kim George , Brian Jones and Norman Veitch
– Took inspiration from high - resolution electron microscopic images , creating large , painstakingly accurate glass sculptures of viruses and bacteria such as HIV , E. coli , SARS , and H1N1 ( Swine flu )
– Took over 5 years of development and research
– Jerram and his collaborators created glass genomes , carefully placing them on tiny pedestals within what would become viral envelopes
– They then closed up the tops before adding final touches of spikes and glycoproteins , which were shaped and melted on while keeping the whole work at roughly the same temperature
E. Coli – Photograph by Luke Jerram
SARS – Photograph by Luke Jerram
THE ROOT OF THE PROBLEM
– The question of pseudo - colouring in biomedicine and its use for science communicative purposes , is a vast and complex subject .
If some images are coloured for scientific purposes , and others altered simply for aesthetic reasons , how can a viewer tell the difference ?
– How many people believe viruses are brightly coloured ?
Are there any colour conventions and what kind of ‘ presence ’ do pseudocoloured images have that ‘ naturally ’ coloured specimens do n’t ?
How does the choice of different colours affect their reception ?
– Our belief about what viruses and bacteria look like have undoubtedly been born out of media depictions of them .
images of viruses are originally taken in black and white on an electron microscope and then they are coloured artificially
– Jerram is exploring the tension between the artworks ’ beauty and what they represent , their impact on humanity
– The problem is that you end up with the public believing that viruses are these brightly coloured objects .
These are often portrayed in newspapers as having an air of scientific authenticity and objective truth , whereas actually that is n’t the case .
You can end up with some images that potentially promote fear
– With 3D sculptures , there ’s also a tangibility you ca n’t get from flat pictures .
There are diagrams of a virus and then there are photographs of a virus from electron microscopes .
The purpose of a diagram is to communicate details in a very clear and concise way , whereas the scientific photos of viruses do something different .
And a 3D representation makes you look at it in yet another , different , way
HIV – Photograph by Luke Jerram
Small Pox – Photograph by Luke Jerram
H1N1 ( Swine Flu ) – Photograph by Luke Jerram
SARS – Photograph by Luke Jerram
SOURCES
– http://www.lukejerram.com/projects/glass_microbiology
– http://seedmagazine.com/content/article/at_the_edge_of_perception/
– http://www.wired.com/magazine/2009/11/pl_playlist_1712
– http://www.the-scientist.com/blog/display/56036/
– http://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/art/news/luke-jerrams-viral-sculptures-exhibition-debuts-at-the-smithfield-gallery-1794587.html
– http://www.wellcome.ac.uk/News/2009/Features/WTX056608.htm
E. Coli – Photograph by Luke Jerram
H1N1 ( Swine flu ) – Photograph by Luke Jerram
H1N1 ( Swine flu ) – Photograph by Luke Jerram
Small Pox – Photograph by Luke Jerram
E. Coli – Photograph by Luke Jerram
SARS – Photograph by Luke Jerram
H1N1 ( Swine flu ) – Photograph by Luke Jerram
Future Mutation – Photograph by Luke Jerram
If you enjoyed this article , the Sifter highly recommends : Nature ’s Revenge by Ludo
Readefine Desktop
Beautiful reading offline as well as online
Features
Beautiful multi-column , newspaper like layout for RSS and Google Reader .
Dislike scrolling text ?
Readefine divides text into multiple pages for easy reading .
Mark these as Read - The " Next Page " button in Magazine Layout marks the articles shown to you as read ( in Google Reader ) , then gets more content .
Looks great no matter what screen size .
Use keyboard shortcuts like + and - to change font size .
Shift + J to justify text .
Instapaper , , Twitter , ReadItLater Support .
The desktop version contacts Google directly and only talks to Readefine servers for self - updating .
Resizes pictures and videos to fit within the column .
Re-flows text according to the available size .
Makes long plain text files beautiful and also sections them for performance .
Removes stray newlines , empty p , br tags .
Supports drag and drop of text / rss / html .
Copy paste or load a file from your computer ( load , not upload )
Readefine v2.49 © 2011 by Anirudh Sasikumar .
No Flash ?
Download the AIR file manually .
Use the installation badge above to install Readefine Desktop .
OR
Make sure you have the Adobe AIR runtime installed .
Download the AIR file .
Now run the downloaded AIR file by double clicking it .
Screenshots
Changelog
New in 2.42 - 2.49 :
2.49 : Remove like , share , share with note ( API discontinued by Google ) .
2.48 : Add timestamp to Summary view .
2.46 : Minor bug fix to " View all Articles " .
2.45 : Minor bug fixes to Following feed , sync .
2.44 : Minor bug fix to unread count .
2.43 : Fixed resize of iframe youtube embed .
2.42 - Bug fix : Unread count shown in feed does n't match number of articles .
2.42 - Bug fix :
Space key breaks " Previous page " button in Magazine layout .
2.42 - Bug fix :
In Magazine layout , " next Article " , " Previous article " does not respect boundary of magazine page .
2.42 - Bug fix : IFrames now appear inline so that more youtube embeds work .
2.42 - Bug fix :
Space key when no articles present clears the no article message .
Share with note .
" Following " feed where articles shared by your friends can be viewed .
Sync button - Fetch new articles , update unread count .
Fixed " Refresh " not updating Magazine layout .
If article is shared by only one person , then that person 's list name appears in the title .
Folder collapse / expand .
Limit number of articles shown in magazine view
View starred and ' read ' articles in Magazine Layout .
Show all feeds in Magazine Layout .
Press enter to move to next feed when all articles read
Fixed inflated total unread count when folders are present .
Fixed broken classic layout .
Fixed
Go button not working once already logged into Google Reader .
Share via Twitter , ReadItLater , Email .
Settings pane - control whether feeds should change to articles in Google Reader magazine view .
New icon courtesy Rick Vargo ( a Readefine user ) .
Brand new Magazine Layout !
Minor user interface improvements .
Instapaper support ( desktop only ) .
Experimental video support ( desktop only ) .
Google Reader is the first tab .
Minor user interface improvements .
Feedback
Your feedback is extremely valuable to me .
Submit feature requests / bugs / feedback at readefine.uservoice.com or post a Facebook comment below .
ISTANBUL , Turkey —
As simmering unrest continues to sweep Iran , the country ’s opposition is casting about for possible endgames to the ongoing crisis .
Frustrated presidential candidate Mir-Hossein Mousavi proposed a five - point reconciliation plan last week but the government appears unyielding .
In the struggle currently gripping the streets of the Islamic Republic , an upcoming anniversary could prove significant .
Jan. 16 marks 31 years since the Shah of Iran fled his country , effectively handing victory to the revolution led by Ayatollah Roohollah Khomeini .
Green movement activists are hoping the date could once again be the tipping point , this time for Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei .
And as the anniversary approaches , Tehran is n't the only city to watch .
Historical precedent suggests that revolutions can start in provincial cities not thought to be hotbeds rebellious activity .
On Dec. 15 , 1989 , a disturbance in a small Romanian team led to a massacre that became the long - awaited catalyst for the overthrow of the Ceausescu dynasty , the last Communist regime in Eastern Europe .
The protest in the town of Timisoara escalated into the shooting dead of nearly 100 demonstrators by Romanian government troops .
Nicolai Ceausescu hurried back from a foreign trip — ironically enough to the Islamic Republic of Iran — just in time to be captured by revolutionary forces , put on trial and summarily executed .
This may prove relevant to the current situation in Iran because it shows that a government can be toppled by demonstrations that start in provincial cities rather than the capital city .
“ In that case also , most people were expecting things to mainly be driven by the capital city but heroes were discovered in the most unlikely places , ” said a Tehran - based political analyst who requested anonymity for fear of a regime backlash for speaking to foreign media .
“ When we look back at the course of events in a few years , a lot of events like the one in Najafabad that may seem less significant at this current juncture will suddenly gain great significance . ”
Najafabad is a conservative Iranian town and the birthplace of Grand Ayatollah Ali Montazeri , one of Iran ’s top religious authorities and the spiritual head of the opposition movement .
His death of natural causes in December led to the traditional city erupting in anti-regime protests .
At least five people were killed in the ensuing unrest and the Islamic Republic was forced to declare martial law for the first time since the 1979 revolution .
“ The clergy are generally very conservative and pretty scared of taking chances so it was interesting that Qom flared up as well , ” said the Tehran - based analyst .
“ The challenge in smaller cities is that they ’re easier to control , both from a policing point of view but also because the smaller population makes it more difficult for the protesters to remain anonymous . ”
Another precedent was set by the level of violence exhibited on the last Sunday in December .
Government forces killed at least 37 people in countrywide protests , the worst single - day death toll since the disputed presidential elections in June .
“ It was a turning point , ” said Thierry Coville , an associated research fellow at the Paris - based IRIS ( research center for international and strategic studies ) .
“ The violence of the riots has stricken the imagination of the people and the conservatives and reformists now know that the situation could take a very dangerous turn .
“ The radicalism of the slogans addressed to Khamenei shows that the legitimacy of the regime is now attacked and it is no more about the election , ” said Coville .
In fact , the slogans suggest that demonstrators on the streets of Tehran would like nothing better than to see Ayatollah Khamenei step down from his post as the supreme leader .
An unverified letter circulating on the internet and purporting to have been issued by Iran ’s National Security Council specifies provisions for checking Khamenei ’s private plane in the event he decides to leave the country .
Even after the letter was exposed as a fraud , hopeful Iranians continue to forward it to each other .
At the end of December the Ahmadinejad government appeared fully out of touch with the population when it launched assaults on demonstrators during Ashura , a traditional holiday of mourning for martyrs .
“ The current regime has broken the social bonds that tie it to the public and thus is eventually due to fall , ” said Bill Beeman , a Persian - speaking Iran expert who is professor at the department of anthropology at the University of Minnesota and former president of the Middle East section of the American Anthropological Association .
“ Killing people on Ashura is a complete symbolic disaster .
Even the Shah did n’t execute prisoners on Ashura — and these folks are supposed to be religious ! ”
Demonstrators who braved the streets of Tehran on Ashura witnessed crowds viciously attacking the police and spoke of a tipping point being breached in the balance of fear between the authorities and the people .
“ What grabbed me was the look in the eyes of the soldiers standing in the streets , ” said one witness .
“ You could easily notice grief , guilt and fear in most of them . ”
But the regime still has thousands of loyalists willing to take to the streets to defend what they consider to be a sacred institution : the velayat -e faghih ( Supreme Jurisprudent ) who heads the regime .
“ The plainclothes riding their bikes in flocks of 50 maneuvered like villains out of action comic strips and had sparkles of joy in their eyes as if they were celebrating their authority over the streets , ” the same witness said .
“ It was horribly frightening , they all looked mentally ill . ”
The regime moved on the counterattack last week , threatening to arrest opposition leaders Mousavi , Mohammad Khatami and Mehdi Karroubi , and using the pulpit to denounce demonstrators as “ apostates . ”
Pro-regime websites published images of individuals the intelligence ministry is seeking and reported that Ayatollah Sanei , the successor of Grand Ayatollah Montazeri as the movement ’s spiritual leader , was stripped of his title .
“ After the Ashura events , a lot of people have begun feeling that there is indeed some progress being made in terms of really scaring the system , ” said the Tehran - based analyst .
“ But nobody knows whether the system getting scared is going to lead to them making more compromises or cracking down even harder . ”
Here ’s what ’s coming in economic news :
The next employment report could show the economy adding jobs for the first time in two years .
The next G.D.P. report is likely to show solid growth in late 2009 .
There will be lots of bullish commentary  and the calls we ’re already hearing for an end to stimulus , for reversing the steps the government and the Federal Reserve took to prop up the economy , will grow even louder .
But if those calls are heeded , we ’ll be repeating the great mistake of 1937 , when the Fed and the Roosevelt administration decided that the Great Depression was over , that it was time for the economy to throw away its crutches .
Spending was cut back , monetary policy was tightened  and the economy promptly plunged back into the depths .
This should n’t be happening .
Both Ben Bernanke , the Fed chairman , and Christina Romer , who heads President Obama ’s Council of Economic Advisers , are scholars of the Great Depression .
Ms. Romer has warned explicitly against re-enacting the events of 1937 .
But those who remember the past sometimes repeat it anyway .
As you read the economic news , it will be important to remember , first of all , that blips  occasional good numbers , signifying nothing  are common even when the economy is , in fact , mired in a prolonged slump .
In early 2002 , for example , initial reports showed the economy growing at a 5.8 percent annual rate .
But the unemployment rate kept rising for another year .
On Friday the Puget Sound Business Journal posted another great piece by Kirsten Grind on all the shady dealings that went on behind the scenes in the WaMu shutdown ordeal .
The piece , titled The Washington Mutual decision is currently available on their site only to subscribers , but over on Portfolio.com ( one of their sister sites ) you can read the article in its entirety for free .
An example of the blacked out pages released by regulators in response to the Business Journal ’s request under the Freedom of Information Act .
An example of the blacked out pages released by regulators in response to the Business Journal ’s request under the Freedom of Information Act .
Something that I found really interesting about this story was posted over on the Business Journal blog BizTalk .
The image at right is a sample page of the kind of materials that the FDIC released to the Puget Sound Business Journal in response to their Freedom of Information Act request .
According to Kirsten :
I received hundreds of blacked out emails from the FDIC and the OTS , WaMu ’s primary regulatory , has n’t sent any emails at all .
Does anybody happen to remember this , from back in January ?
On Day One , Obama Demands Open Government
All agencies should adopt a presumption in favor of disclosure , in order to renew their commitment to the principles embodied in FOIA , and to usher in a new era of open Government .
The presumption of disclosure should be applied to all decisions involving FOIA .
I ’m having a hard time reconciling the alleged “ new era of open Government ” and hundreds of blacked out emails received by the Business Journal .
Must be some sort of Newspeak .
In other related WaMu news , someone posted a link to an interesting bankruptcy filing ( pdf ) over on the forums back in October that basically alleges that the WaMu shutdown was a lengthy con orchestrated by JPMorgan Chase through the federal regulatory agencies to allow JPMorgan Chase to acquire WaMu for a song .
Whatever went down behind the scenes in the months leading up to WaMu ’s closure , it certainly seems to appear that it was n’t all above - board .
Posted 04 January 2010 - 01:42 AM
The difficult thing with a subtle drug like piracetam is to distinguish between features that are inherent to the user 's personality , and those the drug is producing .
A lot of drugs are n't subtle at all , so it 's easier to tell what their effect is on a personality .
So I was thinking about Star Wars and Darth Vader .
He started out as Anakin but Palpatine shows him the Dark Side and he gradually transforms into Vader .
Did Palpatine make Anakin into Vader , or did he simply nourish an inherent quality that might have grown inside Anakin even without his help ?
Palpatine was an obviously evil influence , but even so - without the inherent evilness inside Anakin he would n't have been able to transform him into Vader .
Back to the piracetam .
If I try to subtract myself so as to see only the drug 's influence , I 'd say that over the long term and at high doses , it did make me less tolerant of others ' failings and slowness .
Before I started I 'd observed that when I was tired , slow , sick or plain dumb , I was more tolerant of these qualities in others .
So a part of it was that by enhancing function , it altered the mental balance between myself and the world .
It made me more critical of myself and the world - not in a depressed way but in a way that is pushy , a way that wants to correct by force rather than negotiate .
Upfront and confrontational .
Having seen both sides of the fence , I 'm conscious of it and can make the required adjustments to my new expectations .
In other words , I 've got a sharper temper and if not for caution , would have a sharper tongue to match it .
It happens in my case that the direction piracetam has pushed me was - due to chance - the same way as some traits that I already had .
Long before I started taking it I was already too sharp with others , too demanding and easily became impatient .
Knowing that the drug amplifies these things along with - and as an inherent part of - certain effects , I 've got to work double hard to compensate .
It is n't easy because the drug acts as a destabilizing force that pushes me off - balance .
I 'm sure that one of the inherent qualities of piracetam - especially when taken at high doses over long periods of time - is a subtle irritation , maybe even impatience - having both experienced it myself and heard others mention it .
The mentions are still few and far between on various forums , so it means that most people have less of those qualities to begin with , are taking lower or more irregular doses , or something else .
Balance is essential for survival yet it is a curse too .
Being too satisfied can lead to a boring life - at least according to my own values .
Likewise , being too intense , too fast , too demanding , too crazy - those can lead to a dangerous and short life , or unprecedented opportunities if the circumstances are right .
Like bicycle riding : since starting piracetam I ride faster and harder , taking chances that I would n't otherwise take like closer clearances with traffic at intersections , etc .
Yet the enhanced perception and cognition have thus far prevented an accident .
So there is compensation .
But I get far madder at fools who drive hazardously on the road - and also about the traffic situation itself , automobiles , pollution , etc .
There 's a world full of problems and contradictions out there .
Being sharper , smarter , more able to integrate the larger picture - these things can bring such issues into sharp relief .
Likewise , being slow , dumb , and otherwise unaware can make life blissful .
Some of the happiest folks I ever met were mentally retarded .
I used to take long walks with a particular girl who had the bad luck to be born that way .
Her problems were so small - as small as her own awareness and thus easy to solve .
She did n't have to worry about pollution or inequality or global warming or racism .
Her biggest concern was being overweight , though she never showed any guilt while eating the delicious sweets in those hidden places away from her watchful parents .
It was a relief to not have to think and just walk through the forest trails with her .
The piracetam also produces a subtle feeling of aggression that was n't present before I started .
Or maybe it just developed a feeling that was already there into a moving force .
The raw physicality of that force seems to slowly increase over time .
So I have to consciously hold back from doing bad things to those who cross me on the roads .
If I was ever in a confrontation or had to fight a battle , the piracetam would both allow and compel me to take action in a way I would never do without .
The knowledge of being able to win that comes with increased competence and energy level , plus the insidious darker effects of lowered patience and tolerance make for a compelling brew .
I understand much more what it must be like to be a general with command of an army , or any other person with power .
Alcohol has some of its own insidious effects like increased aggression , lowered ability to think rationally , decreased sense of hearing , etc. that compound with each other and between people to create lots of barfights , road accidents , and more .
Luckily it also makes its victims dumber , so in such cases they express the effects in a muted , dumbed - down way .
In contrast piracetam enhances mental function .
That allows a more in - depth , planned retribution .
Being far more organized and detailed , such actions can cause damage that far exceeds the foolish fistfights of drunkards .
Somewhere there is a narrow line in between those extremes .
Piracetam made that line narrower .
Skating on thin ice so to speak .
But I wo n't give it up because the benefits far outweigh the drawbacks .
So I 've got to become more responsible in order to manage that extra power .
Some might not be able to do so , but that comes with the territory .
Most folks have a natural goodness and lots of other qualities that , in combination with typically lower and less regular dosing provide a measure of protection .
Perhaps further self - development will boost those other magic qualities and help restore my balance .
The biggest problem was getting a nonlinear boost later in life when the balance had already mostly solidified .
Thus the imbalance is harder to correct due to aging , which tends to concretize personality traits .
Piracetam itself refluidizes the brain , but it seems there is a potentially uncorrectable gap between the maximum refluidization rate and its denormalization of existing characteristics .
Edited by Isochroma , 04 January 2010 - 02:40 AM .
How Israelis See Obama
Perhaps a U.S. president ’s approval rating among Israeli citizens is somewhat trivial .
After all , Barack Obama ’s re-election will be decided in Florida , Ohio , and Pennsylvania , not in Haifa , Tel Aviv , and Netanya .
Nevertheless , the notion persists that a U.S. president ’s approval rating in Israel can significantly affect his ability to conclude a comprehensive peace agreement .
That is why Obama ’s alleged rock - bottom 4 percent approval rating among Israelis — a result within the margin of error — has become cause for concern .
In fact , however , the number is a red herring .
Our own survey results suggest that the stalemate in the peace agreement has little to do with Israeli perceptions of Obama — which are far more favorable than one might think — but is actually more deeply linked to Israeli complacency and comfort with the status quo .
The 4 percent figure , now a ubiquitous marker of Obama ’s failure in the Middle East , originally came from a Jerusalem Post survey this summer .
But it was n’t an approval rating .
The survey question asked whether Israelis believed Obama was " more pro-Israel , " rather than " more pro-Palestinian " or neutral .
The Western media have adopted this statistic ( as in this recent New York Times editorial ) often to argue that the president does n’t have the Israeli support necessary to bolster his efforts in the peace process .
But the number is misleading .
To clarify Israeli public opinion , we commissioned a poll of 1,000 Israelis , undertaken by Gerstein Agne Strategic Communications and recently released by the New America Foundation , shedding new light on Obama ’s actual standing in Israel .
And the bottom line is that , particularly given how little Obama has invested in speaking directly to the Israeli public , he is viewed in a relatively positive light .
The favorability rating our results show , 41 percent ( with 37 percent unfavorable ) is 10 times that claimed by the Jerusalem Post .
While this is not astronomically high for a U.S. president , it is notably stronger than the favorability ratings for Israel ’s foreign and defense ministers , and a mere seven points below that of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu .
This is not to say that Israelis do n’t have concerns about Obama :
For instance , 50 percent believe he is weak on terrorism , and only 42 percent agree that he supports Israel .
In a panel this week at the New America Foundation , Gil Tamary of Israel ’s Channel 10 News explained that much of Obama ’s relative unpopularity in Israel is a direct consequence of the Israeli press ’s daily attacks on him .
But based on our survey results , should Obama decide to make a direct pitch to the Israeli public , his starting position would be one of relative strength .
Obama has not yet reached out to Israelis in the way he has to the Muslim world , with his historic trips to Egypt and Turkey .
A similarly momentous state visit to Israel could build a tremendous amount of goodwill with an already receptive Israeli public .
However , when it comes to building peace in the long term , the poll ’s other findings on Israeli public opinion may prove even more consequential for an administration that finds itself at an impasse .
According to the poll , Israelis would support any peace agreement reached under Netanyahu by a margin of 59 to 34 percent .
They even favor a U.S. - defined peace deal , like the one attempted by President Bill Clinton at Taba in 2001 , by 53 to 45 percent .
The only problem is that Israelis do not seem to think that peace with the Palestinians and neighboring states is an urgent priority or that its absence carries any sufficiently immediate and negative consequences .
So in effect , Obama ’s popularity or lack thereof has little to do with the prospects for peace .
The real problem is , simply , Israelis are happy with the situation as it stands and have little motivation to change it .
Only by a small majority of 4 percentage points do Israelis believe that they cannot shoulder the economic and security burdens of the status quo , and even fewer think that U.S. support for Israel will decline if there is no peace ( by 49 to 47 percent , within the margin of error ) .
Given the daunting challenge of moving a number of the 500,000 Israeli settlers living beyond the green line , the country ’s original 1949 borders , ( or leaving some under a future Palestinian sovereignty ) , one begins to understand why the current cost - benefit calculation weighs in favor of maintaining the status quo .
If there ’s any encouraging news for the Israeli government in our results , it ’s the pronounced Israeli capacity for pragmatism .
This is evidenced in Israeli popular support for Netanyahu ’s negotiations with Hamas over a prisoner exchange , border - crossing issues , and informal understandings on a cease - fire .
Although only 36 percent of Israelis consider their own prime minister " honest and trustworthy , " according to our results ( this compares with 55 percent who attribute these qualities to Obama ) , a commanding 69 percent approve of Netanyahu ’s handling of security .
Indeed , the poll suggests that Netanyahu has far more wiggle room on the Palestinian issue than is generally assumed .
In the end , the poll shows that Israelis care most about regular bread - and - butter issues .
When asked what would be their top reasons to support a peace , a " more normal life for our children " and " economic growth " come in first and second ( polling 50 and 37 percent , respectively ) .
Even recognition by 22 Arab states — so ardently pursued by the administration and promoted by Congress — motivates only 15 percent of Israelis .
In other words , Israelis see few reasons not to continue the occupation and are perhaps being offered the wrong kinds of incentives for choosing a different path .
The behavior of Israel ’s leadership is consistent with a short - term political calculation that Israelis are n’t willing to disrupt the present scenario .
Continuing and even entrenching the occupation , for example , avoids hard and coalition - threatening political choices at home , incurs the most minimal international and domestic costs , and is not seen to defer new and meaningful benefits that Israelis would enjoy conditional on a peace deal .
For any new peace effort to have a chance at breaking the logjam , then , its starting point will need to be the creation of a new architecture of incentives and disincentives — and Obama ’s popularity , or lack thereof , will be left up to the people of Virginia .
If you are facing a difficult legal issue such as divorce or a child custody matter , the attorney you choose is important .
At the law firm of Robertson , Oswalt , Nony & Associates , you will find experienced lawyers who will aggressively protect your rights .
From our offices in Little Rock , Benton , Conway and Heber Springs , Arkansas , you are never far from a local attorney who understands what you need and gives your legal matter the time and attention it takes to get the job done right .
Fox News seems to have trouble with numbers , at least when they have to do with global warming or President Barack Obama .
Today , Fox & Friends falsely claimed that Obama proposed a 15 percent tax on banks in an effort to recoup taxpayer funds shelled out to prop up consumer lending giants Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac and AIG .
Trouble is , the actual Obama - backed fee would be assessed at .15 percent — or 15 basis points — for covered liabilities .
It also would n’t kick in until bank assets exceeded $ 50 billion .
ADVERTISEMENT
The story was first noted by Media Matters for America .
Watch :
This is n’t the only time the network has gotten numbers wrong in a way that casts President Obama in an unfavorable light .
Last month , as the network broadcast a speech by President Barack Obama in which the president announced that the US will spend $ 200 billion less on bank bailouts than previously estimated , the chyron at the bottom of the Fox News screen announced that the president ’s bailout savings would amount to … $ 2 billion .
ADVERTISEMENT
The same month , Fox News showed a poll on screen that asserted that a vast majority of Americans — 94 percent — believe that climate scientists have falsified research into global warming ( see picture below ) .
The only problem is , according to Fox ’s poll graphic , the total number of participants in the poll adds up to 120 percent .
Fox producer Lauren Petterson , executive producer of Fox & Friends , said in an interview that the graphic was n’t erroneous .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We were just talking about three interesting pieces of information from Rasmussen , ” Petterson said .
“ We did n’t put on the screen that it added up to 100 percent . ”
163 Shares Share
There ’s a disturbing case in Texas , involving two whistle - blowing nurses who reported a physician to the Texas Medical Board ( TMB ) .
Apparently , they took offense at the physician who was peddling herbal medications in the emergency room , among other deeds .
Unable to convince hospital administration to discipline him , they reported him to the Board .
And here ’s where it gets disturbing .
Angered by the action , the physician then filed a criminal complaint , alleging harassment .
According to hospitalist Chris Rangel , who covered the case , “ the two nurses were indicted for misusing privately protected patient information for a non-governmental and nefarious reason ( to harm a private citizen ) , ” which is considered “ a third - degree felony that carries potential penalties of 2 to 10 years ’ imprisonment and a maximum fine of $ 10,000 . ”
Once they were identified , they had very little legal protection , and now both nurses face a real possibility of jail time .
They are currently free on bond .
Dr. Rangel and David Gorski , who blogged about the case over at Better Health , both come down hard on the TMB .
Indeed , Dr. Rangel writes , “ the so - called anonymity provided by the TMB in the complaint process is largely an illusion and a pathetically weak substitute for real and effective legal protections .
In reality , as this case shows , accusers can be easily tracked down and made to suffer . ”
Dr. Gorski is no kinder : “ This case is bad .
Real bad .
Nurses and other health care professionals are reluctant enough as it is to report a bad doctor or a doctor peddling dubious therapies as it is .
What makes this case particularly outrageous is not only because it appears to be a horrible abuse of power by Sheriff Roberts , but , even worse , it sends the clear and unmistakable message to nurses in Texas :
Do n’t get out of line or the medical powers that be will make you pay . ”
A tragic case , and hopefully the impetus for some reforms within the Board .
This section contains the entire contents of Electromagnetic Fields and Energy , by H. A. Haus , and J. R. Melcher .
This textbook is used for the first half of the course .
Dedication ( PDF Table of Contents ( PDF Preface ( PDF Ch. 1 : Maxwell 's Integral Laws in Free Space ( PDF Ch. 2 : Maxwell 's Differential Laws in Free Space ( PDF Ch. 3 : Introduction to Electroquasistatics and Magnetoquasistatics ( PDF Ch. 4 : Electroquasistatic Fields : The Superposition Integral Point of View ( PDF Ch. 5 : Electroquasistatic Fields from the Boundary Value Point of View ( PDF Ch. 6 : Polarization ( PDF Ch. 7 : Conduction and Electroquasistatic Charge Relaxation ( PDF Ch. 8 : Magnetoquasistatic Fields : Superposition Integral and Boundary Value Points of View ( PDF Ch. 9 : Magnetization ( PDF Ch. 10 : Magnetoquasistatic Relaxation and Diffusion ( PDF Ch. 11 : Energy , Power Flow , and Forces ( PDF Ch. 12 : Electrodynamic Fields : The Superposition Integral Point of View ( PDF Ch. 13 : Electrodynamic Fields : The Boundary Value Point of View ( PDF Ch. 14 : One- Dimensional Wave Dynamics ( PDF Ch. 15 : Overview of Electromagnetic Fields ( PDF Appendix 1 ( PDF Appendix 2 ( PDF
As President Obama and his top advisers make their final decisions on whether to send 40,000 or more troops to Afghanistan , it comes on the heels of the bloodiest month for US forces in the history of the eight - year conflict .
In October , 55 troops were killed in action in Afghanistan .
If there is a surge , US Army Capt .
Micah Chapman says there will likely be more months like this ahead .
" The more troops you have on the ground , the more chances there are for casualties , " says the Fort Drum , N.Y. , resident .
" But I think you 'll see a marked decrease in violence across the board once you get past the initial flood stage . "
But for many of the soldiers at Combat Outpost Penich , top commander Gen.
Stanley McChrystal 's stark warning – to send more troops or risk failure – sounds too dire .
At least in the eastern Kunar River Valley , where their company - sized force ( about 100 soldiers ) is posted , they say the challenges are n't quite so insurmountable .
Yes , they say , major results may take time , and soldiers here face difficult living and working conditions , but they say they can get the job done .
Combat Outpost Penich ( manned by Attack Company , of the US Army's 1 - 32 Infantry Battalion , 10th Mountain Division ) is experiencing something of a minisurge itself .
Through a shuffling of forces , nine months ago , Attack Company became the first permanent US troop presence east of the Kunar River , helping to control an area of Kunar Province long out of reach for United States forces .
" If you bring more troops it will speed up results , but it can be done with what we have , " says US Army Lt. Gabe Lamois of Alexandria , Va. , echoing the common sentiment here in the river valley .
A surge in US troops could even hinder another goal here , of putting an Afghan face on security efforts , some soldiers point out .
Surge would allow push into countryside
In this vast country with much of the population spread across remote villages , US forces must be strategic about where they project strength , trying to block central arteries of enemy movement and disrupt strongholds .
McCrystal recently ordered the closure of many remote outposts in an effort to focus on protecting key population centers – such as the cities of Kabul and Kandahar – and winning over residents .
In this company , US soldiers say they do n't need a surge .
But they agree that with more boots on the ground , they would have the resources to extend their presence farther from the base into areas where the Taliban remain popular .
Like combat units elsewhere , this one is stretched thin by the requirements of simply protecting their base .
A surge " would make it easier because there would be more people to pull guard [ duty ] and the infantry can go out and do its job , " says Pfc. Daniel Robbins of Iowa City , Iowa .
The company 's missions include hunting the Taliban with Afghan security forces as well as building roads with local Afghan leaders .
Robbins says that when his unit is busy with operations it places stress on soldiers who alternate between guard duty and missions , leaving little time for rest .
If there was a surge , says Spc. Nick Armstrong of Chesapeake , Va. , " then we could work more in terms of pushing out [ into the countryside ] . "
He adds that he can imagine the push happening either with more platoon - sized bases ( about 40 to 60 soldiers ) or increasing personnel levels on larger bases to allow for more patrols .
What role would Afghans play in surge ?
One of the most important questions about a potential NATO surge is how local Afghan forces will factor into the equation .
International forces have been working to put Afghans in the lead for most missions .
While some Afghan units are highly competent , many others struggle to maintain even the most basic standards of a professional army .
An American troop surge could risk putting " a huge US face on everything , " which would do little to bolster the reputation of Afghan security forces in the eyes of locals , says Lamois .
But US Marine Lt. Richard Allis of Princeton , N.J. , who is part of an embedded training team working with a local Afghan Army unit , says increasing the size of each embedded team would help .
Now , with only two other men on his team , for security reasons none of the marines are allowed to accompany the Afghan Army on missions unless they 're part of a larger joint patrol with the US Army .
" It would be nice to be a little more independent , " he says .
The attitudes of Afghan security forces mirror those of their US counterparts , with most saying the current NATO troop level works .
Though more would help , they say , success here does not depend on a surge .
But Afghan officers worry , though , about how they would fare if US troops were to withdraw .
" The Taliban is not scared of the Afghan Army or Afghan police because we do n't have heavy weapons .
But there 's enough US soldiers here to make us safe , " says Raheem Hamdard , an Afghan policeman .
For US soldiers though , there 's little drama over the pending Obama troop - surge decision .
Most soldiers say they 're too busy .
" Out here you do n't hear much about it .
You kind of get lost in the mix of things , " says Spc. Don Frigge of Tulare , Calif .
He aquí un almacén de novedades resultado de largo meses de bnsqueda , selección y adquisiciones ¡ De a sus CABELLOS una LARGURA y ABUNDANCIA jamás alcanzada ¡ Es mcralbla !
¡V , am embargo , aate hace realidad en su propia cabalara !
La vera embellecerse cada día crecer de nuevo , y vitalizarse - a tat punto que sa asombro aeré Entonces verá como provoca a su alrededor ia admiración i envidia de las demás mujeres
Si ha sonado siempre tener cabellos suaves abundantes y fáciles de peinar al su secreto dMeo es ver caer su cabellera armoniosamente aobre tos hombros eoluiica use inmediatamente CAWWELL Este producto maravilloso ha sido creado p a n eso i , psra hacer revivir lo cabellos y darles ura largura jamas alcanzada antes 1 !
Porque w a activos y poderosos elementos penetran haata el propio bulbo capilar durante la noche mientras usted reposa dándole un vigor incomparable H
Mo dude en franquear este paso que ía separa todavía de esa cabellera abundante larga y sedosa que puede poseer usMd también !
hechas por MIS .
( Primera Empresa en España de ventas por Correo ) Y usted , amable cuente a la vista de efla juzgará y si le cree oportuno elegirá entre tamos y variados productos , exactamente cono si hubiese ido .
POR EL MUIDO ESBELTA , V JOVEN ?
LA FAJA ONDINE - ANT 1 CELUL 1 CA , SUPER MASAJISTA , ES LA SOLUCIÓN .
ESTA FAJA ADEMAS DE REDUCIR INSTANTÁNEAMENTE .
HACE ADELGAZAR
Por su doble banda que se ajusta a la medida deseada asegura en todo mo mentó una postura erguida dentro de ia máxima comodidad aplastando el vientre de manera natural y aliñando de modo espectacular caderas y mus ios Según va adelgazando va ajustan do más esta banda por un sistema de corchetes graduables Tanto faja ñor mal como la- panty la supermasaiista ONDINE modela su cuerpo sin de jar ninguna huella Indicar modelo normal o panty ) y contorno de cintura Ref 277 S Pía - 1108 FAJA ADELGAZANTE ONDIKC
A plazo 1 d 700 ftas .
y 1 d 250 Has Reí 1022 CAMWEU ¿quiere usted VOLVER A SER DEFIENDA SU VIDA V SUS BIENES Dando la alarma ame cualquier agre slón con este revólver automático que con ei simple apretar del ge tiíld produce 8 detonaciones de ruido ensordecedor que harán huir a los malhechores y alertaré a los vecinos o a la policía
Le protege tanto en casa como cuando viaja por ia noche en sitios solitarios REVOLVER DETONANTE DESARROLE SUS MÚSCULOS SIN EJERCICIOS simplemente alimentándolos .
Basta dar un leve masaje con la nueva crema SO 72 COTAIYL y sus músculos se alimentan y desarrollan mientras duerme El Sr J R de Salamanca dice en un mes mis músculos se hen desarrollado de forme prodigiosa
Una vez más agradecido H a n gratuita BO 22 COTAIYL AHORA PUEDE LUCIRSE ADORNÁNDOSE CON SRIUANTES T DIAMANTES OUE NADIE I N I VD J PODRA ADVERTIR OUE NO SON VERDADEROS
Un bellísimo brillante solitario lina mente incitado en e centro de seis diamanms y ui anillo de siete día mantés en hilera ambos en metal bl .
mco imitac on a plalinon consti luyen un juego de riñas loyss ds fantasía que dejaran impresionadas a las personas que se lo vean puesto
Es también un regalo que me recera el aprecio de quien lo reciba JUEGO OE SORTIJA V ANILLO Re J S O Ras 3 2 5 AHORA ES POSIBLE AUMENTAR EL VOLU DEL SENO A VOLUNTAD 1 5 - B 12 LA SEH 8 ACI 0 MAL FORMULA OUE ACABA CON LOS COMPLEJOS DI TODAS LAS MUJERES DE SENO DEMA SIADO PEOUEBO GRACIAS A SU ACCIÓN RÁPIDA V EFICAZ !
Es cierto 1 tSus senos aumentaren tanto como usted desee !
cuando considere que su volumen su forma y su firmeza son las que deseaba tan solo tendrá que dejar de .
usar RS - B 12 íEso es to to ¿ Hó es extraordinario el poder ar monízar e 1 busto con su estatura su peso y e , potte general de !
cuerpo 9
¿ No ea prodigioso tan solo seguir sus deseo y su guato general Cierre los ojos por un momento e imagine sus senos tal y como los desearía Dentro de 12 días esa imagen no seré fruto de su mente ya que su espejo la reflejara más bella aun de to que habfa sonado R f 814 fta M 5 IW 2 N 3 ONOULATOfl RM 125 ESTE SENSACIONAL CRONÓGRAFO .
Fabricado en Suiza tiene múltiples usos pues con sus 6 esferas 5 aguias y 2 pulsadores de control sirve de cronometro de competición telémetro para medir distancias ta qu ?
metros para controlar velocidad d coches barcos avtones cálculo dp tiempos de producción Fabrica ctoit sui ¿a resistente a fos golpes anti magnético mueffe irrompibíe J de acero cromado í no de Croógraf ta S 75 ANIOU 1 U LA RAÍZ DEL VELLO SUFERFLUO Este nuevo producto a base de thioiactato de mata ta raíz del peto y elimina inmediatamente el vello del rostro ademas de pro ducir una progresiva acción en profundidad El D R JENS FORMULA asfixia el pelo como si fuese una planta privada de agua Destruye radicalmente et vello incluso el más rebelde a ios demás tratamientos D R N S HJBMUtA fl f 2 UNA PERMANENTE OUE DURA TODA LA VIDA Sus cabellos estaran siempre mará viHosamente ondulados sin btgoudts sin tenacillas rulos y sin ir nun ca ai peluquero Basta peinarlos todas los días con el nuevo y maravilloso peine ONDULATOR Utilizan dolo no tendrá que hacerse la per manente con et consiguiente benetJ cío rfe tiempo y dinero Y estará orguíioss de mostrarse siempre bien peinada y con et esbelto cuidado impecablemente CREMA si 2 t ém 5 m v 2 MT Km. BINÓCULOS TIPO PRISMÁTICO OMETIM OB SsiRUaUlA S I N wlss i i pii le por M m n d i de M rrceiKion fmr Mf cMifeadp por oUow wtirui de MHM tm set FMmMMdD del puno que p pie al corteo I U U SMKXUM MI JOS o im M I ¡SUPER - POTENTES !
a precio increíble MODELOS CREADOS EN ALEMANIA M o H u i O
Oué placer poder observar cual outer espectáculo tanciaf
Ve en li partidos de fútbol natos de natación la beiíeza de la naturaleza
De hecho , las distancias desaparecen y tas imégane quedarán muy cerca RECIBIRÁ ( pon el modelo ém fulo tos siijiifen
Tes accesorios pvHtf 8 luche de lujo y 2 protectores ds lenles B. SSRAY OUE HACE AOLCAZAR REDUZCA SU K S O DE 3 a t i I I O EN DIEZ DÍAS Enceso de peso mi chelines antiestéticos dohfe men ton cintura ensanchada y vientre saliente lodos esos incinwp mentes de apc recen ci no por maota La ac n o n psnetrnnte de ) concentrado tri acttvo
He txlracto de aloes azules disuelve las adiposidades a los pocos 284 - M- ABD 1 IEF HkS r 2 AROS DE GARANTÍA Ref 7I S 2 SINOCtAOS Ha 9 3 e l 71 ( 3 MOO U U O K a K MOUSALGINE STRAT ADELGAZANTE JM S 6 H Has 2 5 Jl
An advertisement banner for doubleTwist — a software application that lets users access their iTunes library on any device — has shown up on a display window directly next to the San Francisco Apple store 's main entrance .
Advertisement
If you 're wondering how Apple allowed this to happen , the window technically belongs to BART — a Bay Area 's transit system — and because the advertiser , DVD Jon , had purchased that specific ad space directly from BART , it 's perfectly legal and there 's not much that can be done about the " Cure for iPhone Envy " product placement .
I 'm curious to see what kind of marketing magic , if any , Apple 's going to create in retaliation .
[ TechCrunch ]
Concerning the Story of the Adulteress
in the Eighth Chapter of John
Biblical scholars are nearly all agreed that the Story of the Adulteress ( also known as the Pericope Adulterae or the Pericope de Adultera ) usually printed in Bibles as John 7:53 - 8:11 is a later addition to the Gospel .
On this page I present some extended quotations from scholarly works that explain the reasons for this judgment .
On another page I give an extract from one of the few scholarly defenders of the passage .
To give my own opinion , it seems clear to me that the story does not belong in the Bible .
If despite its absence from the early manuscripts this passage is thought to be so edifying that it is worthy of being treated as Holy Scripture , we might with equal justice add any number of edifying ancient stories to the Bible .
The Quo Vadis legend about Peter 's martyrdom , for instance , might just as well be added to the canonical book of Acts .
For more on this , see my essay , Quo Vadis ?
M.D.M.
Marginal annotations of various versions
American Standard Version ( 1901 ) .
Marginal note : " Most of the ancient authorities omit John vii .
53 -- viii. 11 .
Those which contain it vary much from each other . "
Revised Standard Version ( 1946 ) .
7:53 - 8:11 given in the margin , with the note , " Most of the ancient authorities either omit 7.53 - 8.11 , or insert it , with variations of the text , here or at the end of this gospel or after Luke 21.38 . "
Since 1971 the section is printed as ordinary text , with the note , " The most ancient authorities omit 7.53 - 8.11 ; other authorities add the passage here or after 7.36 or after 21.25 or after Luke 21.38 , with variations of text . "
New American Standard Version ( 1963 ) .
" John 7:53 - 8:11 is not found in most of the old mss . "
New International Version ( 1973 ) .
" The most reliable early manuscripts omit John 7:53 - 8:11 . "
Later editions of the NIV have , " The earliest and most reliable manuscripts and other ancient witnesses do not have John 7:53 - 8:11 . "
New King James Version ( 1980 ) .
" NU [ that is , the United Bible Societies ' Greek text ] brackets 7:53 through 8:11 as not in the original text .
They are present in over 900 mss. of John . "
Samuel P. Tregelles , An Account of the Printed Text of the Greek New Testament ( London , 1854 ) , pages 236-243 .
In the application of criticism to some of the longer passages which are found in some copies , but omitted in others , it is necessary to state the evidence fully and distinctly , so as to obviate , if practicable , all possible misconception as to its value and bearing .
A few such passages will now be considered ; in doing which , it is only needful to premise that the principle of following the evidence which Divine Providence has caused to be transmitted to us , must in these cases , as well as in all that are similar , be strictly maintained .
St. John vii .
53 -- viii. 11 , is a passage which has held its place in the text by a very doubtful tenure , as is familiar to all who are acquainted with the simple facts relative to biblical criticism ; and even in the copies which contain these twelve verses there are peculiarities of a singular kind .
This narrative is found in some form or other in the following authorities : D F G H K U , and more than 300 cursive copies , without any note of doubt or distinction , as also in a few lectionaries .
In E it is marked with asterisks in the margin ; so , too , in sixteen cursive copies ( two of which thus note only from viii . 3 ) .
In M there is an asterisk at vii. 53 , and at viii .
3 . In S , it is noted with obeli , and so , too , in more than forty cursive codices .
This narrative is placed at the end of the Gospel , by itself , in ten cursive copies ; four others similarly place viii .
3-- 11 . Four MSS . ( of which Cod. Leicestensis , 69 , is one ) place this passage at the end of Luke xxi. , and one copy has it after John 7:36 .
As to versions , it is found ( i. ) in Cod.
Colbertinus and some others of the Old Latin ( Cod. Veronensis is here defective ) ; ( ii. ) the Vulgate , ( iii. ) Æthiopic , and ( iv. ) Jerusalem Syriac Lectionary .
( As to the other versions , see below . )
It is mentioned by Jerome as being found in many copies , by Ambrose , Augustine , and other writers since the fourth century .
But , though cited from the time of Augustine and onward , that father was well aware that the passage was far from universally read in the copies then extant ; and he endeavored to account for the fact by a conjecture : " nonnulli modicæ , vel potius inimici veræ fidei , credo , metuentes peccandi impunitatem dari mulieribus suis , illud , quod de adulteræ indulgentia dominus fecit , auferrent de codicibus suis , quasi permissionem peccandi tribuerit , qui dixit , Deinceps noli peccare .
[ Certain persons of little faith , or rather enemies of the true faith , fearing , I suppose , lest their wives should be given impunity in sinning , removed from their manuscripts the Lord 's act of forgiveness toward the adulteress , as if he who had said , Sin no more , had granted permission to sin ] " ( De Adult .
Conj. , ii. 6 , 7 . ) But this supposition of Augustine would not account for the fact of the omission of this passage having been so general , as it will be shown to be when the testimony of the versions against it is stated .
This passage is omitted by A B C T [ also now Papyrus 66 , Papyrus 75 , N , W ] ( MSS . of the oldest class ( 1 ) ) , by L X D [ also Y Q Y ] , by Cod. 33 , and more than fifty other cursive copies , by more than thirty lectionaries , in some of which , if not all , this passage is omitted where it would occur in the middle of a section .
In connection with MSS .
which omit this section , reference must be made to those mentioned above , which mark it as doubtful , or transfer it to the end of the Gospel , or place it elsewhere ; for all these are so far witnesses against its insertion .
The versions to which this section do not belong are ( i. ) the Old Latin ( as found in Cod. Vercellensis , the revised Cod. Brixianus , and some others ) , ( ii. ) the Peshito and ( iii. ) the Harclean Syriac , ( iv. ) the Memphitic , in the MSS .
of value and authority , ( v. ) the Thebaic , ( vi. ) the Gothic , ( vii. ) the Armenian .
It is true that , in some of the editions of the Peshito Syriac , subsequent to that in Walton 's Polyglot , this section is found ; but it does not belong to that version : and so , too , such MSS .
of the later Syriac as are cited as exhibiting it at all , mention that it is an addition .
As to the Armenian , six old codices of those used by Zohrab omit the whole passage , as also do the MS .
lectionaries ; nineteen MSS .
have the section separately , at the end of the Gospel , while only five ( and those the most recent ) place it here .
One proof that it is a later addition , and not an original part of this version , is found in the great variety of forms in which it exists in those Armenian copies which contain it at all ; some of these are quite peculiar , and resemble none of the Greek copies .
It is thus rejected , as not a genuine part of that version .
( For this precise statement I am indebted to Mr. Charles Rieu . )
Though the mere silence of ecclesiastical writers is no proof that they were unacquainted with a particular section , yet that silence becomes significant when they wrote expressly on the subject to which it relates , and when they wrote in such a way as to show that they could hardly by possibility have been acquainted with it .
So , too , with regard to such ecclesiastical writers as wrote Commentaries .
Thus it may be held for certain , that Tertullian ( 2 ) and Cyprian knew nothing of the passage ; while Origen and Chrysostom show in their Commentaries , that they were not aware of its existence .
It has been indeed objected that nothing is proved by Origen 's silence ; because he often passes by portions of St. John 's Gospel , and he had no occasion to mention this narrative : but , in reading his Commentary on this part of the Gospel , it is difficult ( if not impossible ) to imagine that he knew of anything between vii.
52 and viii . 12 : for he cites and comments on every verse from vii. 40 to 52 , and then at once continues from viii .
12 in the same manner ( iv. p. 299 , ed. De la Rue ) .
The silence of Chrysostom on the subject , as well as that of Cyril of Alexandria , and Theodorus of Mopsuestia , was long ago noticed .
The omission of this section by Nonnus , in his metrical Paraphrase of this Gospel , is worthy of notice ; for though he does pass by parts , yet no narrative portion of certain genuineness , and of such length as this , is unnoticed .
It thus appears that the oldest MS . authority for this narration is D , and that the only important versions in its favour are the Vulgate , and such copies of the Old Latin as contain it .
The Vulgate resolves itself into the testimony of Jerome , who mentions that copies existed of both kinds , -- those which contained it and those which did not .
I have put together the authorities which contain this narration , because , in fact , those in which it is found give it in such a variety of phraseology , as exceeds the difference commonly understood by the term various readings .
In D , the oldest MS . which contains it , it is utterly unlike the other copies ; and they , too , abound in extraordinary variations .
This circumstance would weaken the testimony of the authorities which contain this narration , even if there had been a less conclusive array of witnesses ( all the oldest MSS .
except D , most versions , and decided testimony of fathers ) on the other side .
In the fourth century , this section seems to have obtained a place in some copies ( first perhaps in the West , where it was first mentioned ) , but even then it is spoken of doubtfully ; it gradually was received into most MSS . , but still with expressions of uncertainty , and with notes of its doubtful authenticity ; and thus , even though it was adopted as a part of the printed text by the first editors , yet its genuineness was not believed by Erasmus himself : the same opinion was held in that century by Calvin , Beza , ( 3 ) and other biblical scholars .
If the last three hundred years have removed all feeling of question from many , it has not been from better grounds of certainty having been discovered , but from that kind of traditional inertness of mind , which has rendered many unconscious of what have been deemed the most manifest facts of criticism .
We can no more canonise this passage , if it were not genuine Scripture from the beginning , than we can the books of the Apocrypha , or any other writings .
If the best MSS . , versions , and fathers , know nothing of such a portion of Holy Scripture , it behoves all who value God 's word not to adopt , as part of it , what is not only unsupported by sufficient evidence , but which is opposed by that which could hardly be surmounted .
The ancient translators in general could not have agreed , in so many countries , to pass by so considerable a portion of this Gospel , if they knew it , or had it in their Greek copies .
I do not rest at all on the internal difficulties connected with this passage , on the supposition that it is genuine Scripture ; because , if it had been sufficiently attested , they would not present anything insurmountable .
The peculiarities of the language are indeed remarkable , and very unlike anything else in St. John 's Gospel ; but to this it might be said , that the copies differ so much that it is almost impossible to judge what the true phraseology is .
Perhaps the difficulties in the passage have been over - estimated : at least we have no reason to conjecture that any omitted it on account of such difficulties , any more than we have to think that any expunged it on doctrinal grounds , as suggested by Augustine .
It may be felt by some to be a serious thing to conclude , that twelve whole verses which they have been accustomed to read are no part of Holy Scripture ; and yet if they are only in possession of a moderate share of information , they must know well that they are and have always been regarded as of unproved genuineness : I would also ask such , if it is not a very serious thing to accept , as part of the word of God , what ( as they have the full opportunity of knowing ) rests on precarious grounds , and is contradicted by the best testimonies ?
Would it not render all Scripture doubtful , and go far to undermine all true thoughts of its authority , if all that rests on utterly insufficient evidence , and all that is supported by unquestionable testimonies , were placed on the same ground ?
It is impossible to give real and sufficient sanction to that which is not attested to be a genuine part of a book of Scripture , and thus , while it is in vain to attempt to raise it to the place of authority , the only consequence will be to depress the true Scripture to the low and unsatisfactory level of such unattested additions .
Though I am fully satisfied that this narration is not a genuine part of St. John 's Gospel , and though I regard the endeavors to make the evidence appear satisfactory to be such as would involve all Holy Scripture in a mist of uncertainty , I see no reason for doubting that it contains a true narration .
There is nothing unworthy of the acting of the Lord Jesus detailed in this history .
And thus I accept the narrative as true , although its form and phraseology are wholly uncertain , and although I do not believe it to be a divine record .
No doubt , that there were many narrations current in the early church of some of the many unrecorded actions of our Lord , and the only wonder is that more have not been transmitted to us .
This , from the variety of its forms , seems to have been handed down through more than one channel .
Perhaps some one added it at the end of John 's Gospel , as one of the " many things which Jesus did which are not written in this book , " and others afterwards placed it where it seemed to them to belong .
We learn from Eusebius , that Papias transmitted an account of a woman who was accused before our Lord , " Papias also put forth another history concerning a woman accused of many sins before the Lord ; and this history is contained in the Gospel according to the Hebrews . "
( H.E. , iii . 39 ) The Hebrew original of St. Matthew 's Gospel appears to have been the basis of " the Gospel according to the Hebrews " ; and it seems , from the mode in which Eusebius mentions the narrative as having proceeded from Papias , that he regarded it as a later addition introduced into that Hebrew document .
It has been much discussed whether this is the same as the narration in John vii .
53 -- viii. 11 .
In favour of the identity may be mentioned that in D ( Cod. Bezæ ) the sin of the woman is spoken of in a general manner , a woman seized for sin , instead of a woman caught in adultery .
And if it had been circulated in the fourth century in a Hebrew ( Syro - Chaldaic ) dress , the leading forms in which it is now found might have originated in different Greek translations of the narrative ; or else from the writings of Papias in Greek , and from a Greek translation of the Syro - Chaldaic form of the narration .
From Ruffinus 's version of the passage in Eusebius , it seems clear that in the age immediately subsequent to that historian , it was thought that the narration to which he referred , was the same as that which had by this time found its way into some copies .
Ruffinus renders , " Simul et historiam quandam subjungit de muliere adultera , quæ accusata est a Judæis apud Dominum . "
Attention to this , and also to the point of resemblance between the Cod.
Bezæ and the words of Eusebius , was directed by Dr. Routh ; who adds , " Evidenter constat , etiamsi suspecta hæc evangelii pericope eadem esse censeatur atque historia Papiana , nondum eam codici Novi Testamenti tempore Eusebii insertam fuisse " ( Rel. Sac. , i. 39 ) .
The judgment expressed in these last words , however contrary to the notions of those who prefer modern tradition to ancient evidence , is fully confirmed by the most searching investigations .
We first hear of this narrative in any copies of the New Testament after the middle of the fourth century .
The statement of Eusebius gives us a probable account of its origin , and I believe that we shall not err if we accept this as a true history , transmitted not by the inspired apostle St. John , but by the early ecclesiastical writer Papias .
-----------------------------
1. A and C are defective in this part of St. John 's Gospel ; but it is certain , from the exactitude with which the quantity in each page of these MSS .
can be calculated , that they could not have contained these twelve verses .
2. Granville Penn , in his " Annotations to the Book of the New Covenant , " states well the argument which may be drawn from Tertullian 's silence : he says , " That the passage was wholly unknown to Tertullian , at the end of the second century , is manifest in his book De Pudicitia .
The Bishop of Rome had issued an edict , granting pardon to the crime of adultery , on repentance .
This new assumption of power fired the indignation of Tertullian , who thus apostrophised him : " Audio [ etiam ] edictum esse propositum , et quidem peremptorium , Pontifex scilicet Maximus [ quod est ] episcopus episcoporum , dicit [ edicit ] : Ego et moechiæ et fornicationis delicta , poenitentia functis dimitto " ( c. 1 ) .
He then breaks out in terms of the highest reprobation against that invasion of the divine prerogative ; and ( c. 6 ) thus challenges : " Si ostendas de quibus patrociniis exemplorum præceptorumque coelestium , soli moechiæ , et in ea fornicationi quoque , januam poenitentiæ expandas , ad hanc jam lineam dimicabit nostra congressio . "
" If thou canst show me by what authority of heavenly examples or precepts thou openest a door for penitence to adultery alone , and therein to fornication , our controversy shall be disputed on that ground . "
And he concludes with asserting , " Quæcunque auctoritas , quæcunque ratio moecho et fornicatori pacem ecclesiasticam reddit , cadem dedebit et homicidæ et idololatriæ poenitentibus subvenire . "
" Whatever authority , whatever consideration , restores the peace of the church to the adulterer and fornicator , ought to come to the relief of those who repent of murder or idolatry . "
It is manifest , therefore , that the copies of St. John with which Tertullian was acquainted did not contain the exemplum coeleste , -- the divine example , devised in the story of the " woman taken in adultery " ( pp. 267 , 268 ) .
Was this edict that of Callistus , referred to in the recently - discovered Philosophoumena ( of Hippolytus ) , ix .
12 , pp. 290 , 291 ?
3. Theodore Beza [ whose annotated Greek text was the basis of the King James version ] did not suppose that a text ought to be traditionally adopted , and then , as it were , stereotyped : his notes gave him the opportunity for expressing his opinions ; and he thus proved that if his attention were properly directed to ancient evidence on a passage , he so weighed it as to consider that it ought to prevail .
Thus the passage in John viii .
1 - 12 , the omission of which by critical editors has seemed to some such a proof of temerity , or of want of reverence for Holy Scripture , was differently regarded by Beza : he states the manner in which various ancient writers knew nothing about it , and the great variation in MSS . ; he then concludes thus : --" As far as I am concerned , I do not conceal that I justly regard as suspected what the ancients with such consent either rejected or did not know of .
Also such a variety in the reading causes me to doubt the fidelity of the whole of that narration . " [ from Tregelles p. 34 .
Notice also the comment of John Calvin ( Commentary on the Gospel of John , on John 8:1 ) .
Calvin introduces the passage thus : " It is plain enough that this passage was unknown anciently to the Greek Churches ; and some conjecture that it has been brought from some other place and inserted here .
But as it has always been received by the Latin Churches , and is found in many old Greek manuscripts , and contains nothing unworthy of an Apostolic Spirit , there is no reason why we should refuse to apply it to our advantage . "
Notice that Calvin does not pretend to decide the question of authenticity here .
- M.D.M. ] .
F.H.A. Scrivener , A Plain Introduction to the Criticism of the New Testament ( 4th edition .
London , 1894 ) , volume ii , pages 364-368 .
. . . on all intelligent principles of mere criticism the passage must needs be abandoned : and such is the conclusion arrived at by all the critical editors . . . we cannot help admitting that if this section be indeed the composition of St. John , it has been transmitted to us under circumstances widely different from those connected with any other genuine passage of Scripture whatever .
Bruce Metzger , A Textual Commentary on the Greek New Testament ( Stuttgart , 1971 ) , pages 219 - 221 .
The evidence for the non-Johannine origin of the pericope of the adulteress is overwhelming .
It is absent from such early and diverse manuscripts as Papyrus66.75 Aleph B L N T W X Y D Q Y 0141 0211 22 33 124 157 209 788 828 1230 1241 1242 1253 2193 al. Codices
A and C are defective in this part of John , but it is highly probable that neither contained the pericope , for careful measurement discloses that there would not have been space enough on the missing leaves to include the section along with the rest of the text .
In the East the passage is absent from the oldest form of the Syriac version ( syrc.s. and the best manuscripts of syrp ) , as well as from the Sahidic and the sub-Achmimic versions and the older Bohairic manuscripts .
Some Armenian manuscripts and the old Georgian version omit it .
In the West the passage is absent from the Gothic version and from several Old Latin manuscripts ( ita.l*.q ) .
No Greek Church Father prior to Euthymius Zigabenus ( twelfth century ) comments on the passage , and Euthymius declares that the accurate copies of the Gospels do not contain it .
When one adds to this impressive and diversified list of external evidence the consideration that the style and vocabulary of the pericope differ noticeably from the rest of the Fourth Gospel ( see any critical commentary ) , and that it interrupts the sequence of 7.52 and 8.12 ff. , the case against its being of Johannine authorship appears to be conclusive .
At the same time the account has all the earmarks of historical veracity .
It is obviously a piece of oral tradition which circulated in certain parts of the Western church and which was subsequently incorporated into various manuscripts at various places .
Most copyists apparently thought that it would interrupt John 's narrative least if it were inserted after 7.52 ( D E F G H K M U G P 28 700 892 al ) .
Others placed it after 7.36 ( ms. 225 ) or after 7.44 ( several Georgian mss . ) or after 21.25 ( 1 565 1076 1570 1582 armmss ) or after Luke 21.38 ( f13 ) .
Significantly enough , in many of the witnesses which contain the passage it is marked with asterisks or obeli , indicating that , though the scribes included the account , they were aware that it lacked satisfactory credentials .
Sometimes it is stated that the pericope was deliberately expunged from the Fourth Gospel because it was liable to be understood in a sense too indulgent to adultery .
But , apart from the absence of any instance elsewhere of scribal excision of an extensive passage because of moral prudence , this theory fails " to explain why the three preliminary verses ( vii 53 ; viii 1 - 2 ) , so important as apparently descriptive of the time and place at which all the discourses of chapter viii were spoken , should have been omitted with the rest " ( Hort , " Notes on Select Readings , " pp. 86 f. ) .
Although the committee [ that is , the editorial committee of the United Bible Societies ' Greek New Testament ] was unanimous that the pericope was originally no part of the Fourth Gospel , in deference to the evident antiquity of the passage a majority decided to print it , enclosed within double square brackets , at its traditional place following John 7.52 .
Raymond E. Brown , The Gospel According to John ( i - xii ) , in the Anchor Bible series ( Garden City , New York : Doubleday , 1966 ) , pages 335 -6 .
Problems of Authorship and of Canonicity
These problems must be treated as a series of distinct questions .
The first question is whether the story of the adulteress was part of the original Gospel according to John or whether it was inserted at a later period .
The answer to this question is clearly that it was a later insertion .
This passage is not found in any of the important early Greek textual witnesses of Eastern provenance ( e.g. , in neither Bodmer papyrus ) ; nor is it found in the Old Syriac or the Coptic .
There are no comments on this passage by the Greek writers on John of the first Christian millenium , and it is only from about AD 900 that it begins to appear in the standard Greek text .
The evidence for the passage as Scripture in the early centuries is confined to the Western Church .
It appears in some Old Latin texts of the Gospels .
Ambrose and Augustine wanted it read as part of the Gospel , and Jerome included it in the Vulgate .
It appears in the fifth - century Greco - Latin Codex Bezae .
However , a good case can be argued that the story had its origins in the East and is truly ancient ( see Schilling , art . cit. ) .
Eusebius ( Hist. III 39:17 ; GCS 91 : 292 ) says , " Papias relates another story of a woman who was accused of many sins before the Lord , which is contained in the Gospel according to the Hebrews . "
If this is the same story as that of the adulteress , the reference would point to early Palestinian origins ; but we can not be certain that our story is the one meant .
The third - century Didascalia Apostolorum ( II 24:6 ; Funk ed. , I , 93 ) gives a clear reference to the story of the adulteress and uses it as a presumably well - known example of our Lord 's gentleness ; this work is of Syrian origin , and the reference means that the story was known ( but not necessarily as Scripture ) in second - century Syria .
From the standpoint of internal criticism , the story is quite plausible and quite like some of the other gospel stories of attempts to trap Jesus ( Luke xx 20 , 27 ) .
There is nothing in the story itself or its language that would forbid us to think of it as an early story concerning Jesus .
Becker argues strongly for this thesis .
If the story of the adulteress was an ancient story about Jesus , why did it not immediately become part of the accepted Gospels ?
Riesenfeld has given the most plausible explanation of the delay in the acceptance of this story .
The ease with which Jesus forgave the adulteress was hard to reconcile with the stern penitential discipline in vogue in the early Church .
It was only when a more liberal penitential practice was firmly established that this story received wide acceptance .
( Riesenfeld traces its liturgical acceptance to the fifth century as a reading for the feast of St. Pelagia . )
The second question is whether or not the story is of Johannine origin .
The fact that the story was added to the Gospel only at a later period does not rule out the possibility that we are dealing with a stray narrative composed in Johannine circles .
The Greek text of the story shows a number of variant readings ( stemming from the fact that it was not fully accepted at first ) , but in general the style is not Johannine either in vocabulary or grammar .
Stylistically , the story is more Lucan than Johannine .
Nor is the manuscript evidence unanimous in associating the story with John .
One important group of witnesses places the story after Luke xxi 38 , a localization which would be far more appropriate than the present position of the story in John , where it breaks up the sequence of the discourses at Tabernacles .
If the story was not of Johannine origin and is really out of place , what prompted its localization after John vii 52 ?
( actually , a few witnesses place it elsewhere in John : after vii 36 or at the end of the Gospel . )
There are several views .
Schilling , p. 97 ff. , insisting on the parallels with the Susanna story , draws attention to echoes of Daniel in John , and thus makes the Daniel motif a guiding factor to the introduction of the story of the adulteress into John .
A more certain explanation for the localization of the story in the general context of John vii and viii can be found in the fact that it illustrates certain statements of Jesus in those chapters , for example , viii 15 , " I pass judgement on no one " ; viii 46 , " Can any of you convict me of sin ? "
Derrett , p. 13 , who thinks that the key to the story lies in the unworthiness of the accusers and the witnesses , points out that the theme of admissibility of evidence comes up in the immediate context of vii 51 and viii 13 .
Hoskyns , p. 571 , hits on a truth when he says that , while the story may be textually out of place , from a theological viewpoint it fits into the theme of judgment in ch. viii .
The third question is whether the story is canonical or not .
For some this question will have already been answered above , since in their view the fact that the story is a later addition to the Gospel and is not of Johannine origin means that it is not canonical Scripture ( even though it may be an ancient and true story ) .
For others canonicity is a question of traditional ecclesiastical acceptance and usage .
Thus , in the Roman Catholic Church the criterion of canonicity is acceptance into the Vulgate , for the Church has used the Vulgate as its Bible for centuries .
The story of the adulteress was accepted by Jerome , and so Catholics regard it as canonical .
It also found its way into the received text of the Byzantine Church , and ultimately into the King James Bible .
And so the majority of the non-Roman Christians also accept the story as Scripture .
--------
Works cited by Brown ---------
Becker , U. , Jesus und die Ehebrecherin ( Beihefte zur ZNW , no .
28 ; Berlin : Töpelmann , 1963 ) .
Derret , J.D.M. , " Law in the New Testament : The Story of the Woman Taken in Adultery , " NTS 10 ( 1963 -64 ) , 1 - 16 .
Abbreviated in StEv , II , pp. 170-73 .
Riesenfeld , H. , " Die Perikope von der Ehebrecherin in der frühkirchlichen Tradition , " Svensk Exegetisk Arsbok 17 ( 1952 ) , 106-11 .
Schilling , Frederick A. , " The Story of Jesus and the Adulteress , " Anglican Theological Review 37 ( 1955 ) , pp. 91-106 .
Page NB ( 52 ) of Papyrus 66 , a codex of John 's Gospel from about AD 200 , illustrates the omission of the Story of the Adulteress from early manuscripts .
The text begins in the middle of the word ε ραυνησον ( " search " ) in John 7:52 .
On the second line the sentence ends with a punctuation mark and is immediately followed by Παλιν ουν αυτοι ς
ελαλ η σ εν ο Ις ( " again Jesus spoke to them " ) in 8:12 .
The manuscript has been annotated by a scribe who used diagonal strokes to note a word - order variant in the first and second lines , but the Story of the Adulteress is omitted without any scribal notation .
Click on the image for a larger view .
Remember these chaps ?
This time they ’ll be putting out the book fires rather than starting them .
From Benny
Peiser ’s daily newsletter , it appears to be time for a revolt in Britain :
GREEN BRITAIN : PENSIONERS BURN BOOKS TO STAY WARM Metro News , 5 January 2010 Excerpts :
Hard - up pensioners have resorted to buying books from charity shops and burning them to keep warm .
…
Temperatures this week are forecast to plummet as low as - 13 ºC in the Scottish Highlands , with the mercury falling to - 6 ºC in London , - 5 ºC in Birmingham and - 7 ºC in Manchester as one of the coldest winters in years continues to bite .
Workers at one charity shop in Swansea , in south Wales , described how the most vulnerable shoppers were seeking out thick books such as encyclopaedias for a few pence because they were cheaper than coal .
A lot of them buy up large hardback volumes so they can stick them in the fire to last all night . ’
A 500g book can sell for as little as 5 p , while a 20kg bag of coal costs £ 5 .
Since January 2008 , gas bills have risen 40 per cent and electricity prices 20 per cent , although people over 60 are entitled to a winter fuel allowance of between £ 125 and £ 400 .
============
And it appears the problem is only going to get worse ….
============
GREEN BRITAIN FACES ENERGY NIGHTMARE Daily Mail , 3 January 2010 Tom McGhie Household gas and electricity bills are expected to rocket fourfold to nearly £ 5,000 a year by the end of the decade to meet Government - imposed green targets .
And the price heavy industry will have to pay by 2020 is so high that energy - dependent firms could be wiped out , causing thousands of job losses , said an industry spokesman .
A massive rethink on the cost of ‘ green energy ’ is taking place in Whitehall among senior regulators and industry , leading some to question whether the public will be prepared to pay increasingly high bills for the UK to become greener than most countries .
Officials at regulator
Ofgem now privately admit that a report they issued only last year severely underestimates the cost of cutting carbon emissions by building a new energy infrastructure for the UK .
more here :
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/money/article-1240201/Watchdog-rethinks-consumer-cost-green-energy.html
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Comets feature prominently in at least a couple notable doomsday scenarios .
In fact nature may eventually destroy us with an icy space rock , but so far none of the predictions related to comets ­ or any other doomsday prognostications ­ have come true .
Weirdness takes many forms , and 2009 had its share of weird events .
Here 's a look back at the strangest news stories of the year drawn from the realms of pseudoscience , the paranormal , media hype , outright lies and the just plain strange .
9. Trailcam Transforms
Hiker into Bigfoot
When some hunters set up a camera to record wildlife in the Minnesota woods , they accidentally photographed a hiker or hunter on a trail .
A few local Bigfoot buffs concluded that the dark figure was probably Bigfoot , much to the embarrassment of other Bigfoot researchers who claimed it was just a guy in a dark outfit — unlike the famous 1967 image of Bigfoot , which could n't possibly be a guy in a dark outfit .
8. Turin Shroud Duplicated
A team of Italian scientists duplicated the Shroud of Turin , believed by some to be the burial cloth of Jesus .
The test does not prove that the shroud was faked , merely that it could have been faked .
Believers , of course , remain unconvinced , and Shroud T - shirt sales remain brisk .
7. Dogs Maul Mother Earth
According to research published in New Scientist , a medium - sized dog is more damaging to the earth than a gas - guzzling SUV , based on the amount of land and resources each uses in the course of a year .
6. Sleeping Girl Wakes Up with Star Tats
An 18 - year - old Belgian girl claimed she fell asleep at a tattoo parlor and woke up to find 56 star tattoos on her face .
She accused the tattooist of inking her without permission , and the girl 's father threatened to sue .
She later admitted that she had been awake and requested the tattoos , and lied about it because her father was furious when he saw them .
5. New Jersey UFO Hoax
When mysterious red lights appeared in the night sky over New Jersey , many people believed that extraterrestrial spacecraft were visiting the Garden State .
The following day , this columnist solved the mystery , later described by the hoaxers on April Fool 's Day as " a social experiment . "
The hoaxters were ultimately fined $ 250 each .
4. King of Pop Murdered
Michael Jackson , the weird and reclusive King of Pop prepared for a comeback after a decade of scandals and botched plastic surgeries — only to be killed by a drug overdose , his death ruled a homicide .
Wonder how many psychics predicted that for 2009 ?
3. ' Chupacabra ' in Creationist Museum
A scroungy - looking animal ( likely a coyote with mange ) was found dead in Blanco , Texas .
The animal was stuffed and mounted , then displayed as the mysterious chupacabra ( the legendary Hispanic vampire beast ) in an upstate New York museum dedicated to proving that the Earth is only a few thousand years old .
Weird with a thin glaze of crazy .
2. Balloon Boy Circus
When six - year - old Colorado boy Falcon Heene was claimed by his publicity - seeking father to have climbed into a homemade weather balloon before it took to the skies , many people smelled something fishy .
Nonetheless , the police launched a search ( and news media launched a circus ) that ended with the boy safe at home — and charges brought against the family .
1. Old Calendar Scares People
Worrywarts grew nervous and New Age authors grew rich as concern spread that a calendar used by ancient Mayans would run out in 2012 , signifying — well , maybe doomsday , or maybe nothing .
Modern Mayans were annoyed by the whole thing and reported that the " end " of their ancestors ' calendar was not high on their list of worries .
Benjamin Radford is managing editor of the Skeptical Inquirer science magazine .
His books , films , and other projects can be found on his website .
His Bad Science column appears regularly on LiveScience .
Performance / Price for CPUs
This site simply takes the data from cpubenchmark.net , fetches the current prices from newegg.com and makes a nice table .
If the data looks old , start an update - Updated on Mon , 11 May 2015 05:39:24 +0000
There is an entire narrative in my head where Ralphie ’s dad comes in during the middle as Gny .
Sgt. Hartman berating him while wielding a shard of leg lamp and a can of Simonize , then catches a fatal BB to the gut .
Ca n’t wait for tomorrow when at least one cable channel will be running A Christmas Story back to back for 24 hours .
I usually just set the station in the morning and let it run throughout the festivities like so many unleashed Bumpus hounds .
This will be the last comic for the week , but there will be at least a couple more before the end of the year .
Here ’s hoping Santa brings each of you the firearm of your heart ’s desire and not a stupid football .
FA-RA-RA-RA-RAH RA RA RA RAAAAAAH !
Amid my Christmas cards from friends and family , I found a very peculiar envelope .
It was addressed to us using my husband ’s middle name and our last name .
The return address was the local post office .
Inside was a photocopy of a Christmas card we had addressed ( but obviously did n’t mail ) , a $ 20 bill , a receipt from the post office for 44 cents , 56 cents in coins and a stick of gum .
After a few seconds of shock at the strange contents , I figured out what had happened :
While I was at the post office mailing the Christmas cards , the contents of my pocket must have fallen out .
Someone mailed our last card with the $ 1 from my pocket and sent me the change and the $ 20 bill that fell out of my pocket .
Not only did the nice person return my money ( got the address from the return address on the Christmas card ) , he or she took the time to buy a stamp and mail the letter before Christmas , too .
Thanks to a stranger for making my day , and holiday , a bit brighter .
The person had to take many steps to do all this work for me .
Thanks for being such a helpful and honest person !
Susan Finn , Mendota Heights
After hard times , a gift and wishes for health
SAINTED
On Dec. 6 , a young woman knocked on our front door and handed my wife a red envelope , smiled and said , “ Vignalos ? ”
My wife accepted the envelope , and the woman turned and left without a word before she could ask her name .
In the envelope were 10 $ 100 bills .
Written on the envelope were wishes for a healthy New Year to our family , but no identification .
Our family has had some rough times these last two years .
My wife had a liver transplant in May , and recovery has been slow and painful .
Our 20 - year - old son had a hemorrhage near his brain stem in March .
We flew to Phoenix in December for his surgery by Dr. Robert Spetzler ( a renowned specialist ) , which was successful .
Your gift helped us in many ways .
Our family can only say thank you for such caring and generosity .
This world is a good place because of people like you .
This gesture will be passed on and never forgotten .
Tom and Sandy Vignalo , St. Paul
SAINTED
There are two younger saints I want to thank for work they did last summer .
Both young men saw a need in Birchwood , did a ton of work and received Eagle Scout Awards in the process .
Chad Peterson hosted an Arbor Day event in which he coordinated the planting of hundreds of new trees , replacing ones that had been lost to disease and age .
His work will ensure shade for years .
Jake Cahill coordinated the replacement of an older , inefficient water garden and replanting hundreds of plants .
His work will hold back tons of silt from flowing into White Bear Lake .
Kudos to both young men .
They are in inspiration to us older folks .
Randy LaFoy , Birchwood
The writer was mayor of Birchwood when the work was done .
TAINTED
On Dec. 31 at about 3:45 p.m. , I was crossing Kellogg Boulevard from the south .
The light turned green , the walk sign came on and I proceeded across the street .
The vehicles wanting to make a left turn off St. Peter Street onto Kellogg going east , including two SUVs , came about one foot from hitting me .
The first , a white SUV , cut right in front of me ; I had to slow down or get run over .
The second , a red SUV , stopped before hitting me when I was right in front of her vehicle .
The woman driving just looked at me with a blank look on her face — not even a motion to say I am sorry .
Luckily , the vehicle behind her did not rear - end her or I would not have seen 2010 .
If you do not know , the pedestrian has the right of way in the intersection ; it is a Minnesota law .
I cross that intersection going to and from work four days a week .
At least twice a week someone who is not paying attention tries to run me over .
Evidently , getting wherever you are going is more important than paying attention to your driving .
J. Janisch , West St. Paul
SAINTED
The folks who own the old Schmidt Brewery on West Seventh Street , for putting up beautiful Christmas lights at the top of the brewery ’s “ castle ” tower during the holidays .
That little band of colored lights against the night sky brought an extra bit of Christmas wonder to the neighborhood .
And , during a very difficult time for commercial development , this small gesture helps sustain the optimism that this magnificent city landmark will come to life again in the not - too - distant future .
Paul Bard , St. Paul
SAINTED
I was waiting in line to mail a package at the North St. Paul post office the week before Christmas .
I was on my lunch hour , so I had limited time .
After a 40 - minute wait , I was not making much progress in line , so I had to leave and return to work .
A woman followed me to my car and offered to mail my package for me .
When I said I did n’t have any cash and was planning to use my check card , she offered to mail it and pay for it , too .
She said that is what the spirit of Christmas is all about , and just asked me to pay it forward .
I was so taken aback by her act of kindness .
I would like to thank my Christmas angel , Sonya , the principal of Cowern Elementary School .
Jeannine Ayers , Maplewood
TAINTED
The two bold , rude women who thought they were too good to have to wait for a table at a restaurant in Woodbury .
It was New Years Eve ; I worked all day and was hungry .
My husband and I were looking forward to some steak and lobster .
It was quite crowded and we , like everyone else , waited with our buzzing gadget for a table / booth to open .
We were buzzed after about a 20 - minute wait .
The waitress walked us to the booth but , before we could sit down , two women who had been sitting at the bar noticed the open booth and rushed over , beat us to the booth and sat down .
The waitress just looked at them as if she could not believe what just happened .
Restaurant staff talked to them , and they refused to leave the booth .
They obviously thought they did not have to wait like everyone else .
The staff did apologize and asked us if we wanted to speak with a manager .
At that time , we said no ( I wish I would have ) .
They told us we could wait for the next available booth / table and I said no , we had already waited and should have been sitting in our booth .
I wanted to confront the stubborn , arrogant women but was not going to make a scene .
We were angry and left the restaurant .
We now wish the staff would have been more assertive and had called the manger immediately to talk to the two women and force them to leave and wait for a booth like everyone else .
Mary Marchetti , Maplewood
SAINTED
My thanks to the female senior citizen who went out of her way to help me clear snow from my vehicle so I could safely exit Lunds grocery in Highland Park on Dec. 30 .
Many years my senior , this woman recognized my struggles on crutches and offered the gift of her time and assistance .
A simple thing , really , but the thoughtfulness and caring she gave warmed my heart on that cold winter ’s day .
Chris Obst , St. Paul
SAINTED
A good example of holiday spirit :
Minnesota was pummeled over the Christmas holiday by one of the most significant snowstorms in recent history .
I think kudos need to go to all of the public service workers at the state , county and city levels who worked through the holiday to clear snow and ice from our roadways .
There are 135,000 miles of roadway in this state , 12,000 of which are state roadways .
Probably thousands of plow operators missed time with families to clear snow from city , county and state roadways .
Yes , they were just doing their jobs , but it was critically important to all of us who traveled during that time to have the snow cleared .
I am grateful for the work they did helping to keep us safe .
Tom Sorel , Woodbury
The writer is Mn/ DOT commissioner .
TAINTED
The rude person or persons who decided to use the alley behind our garage as their own personal trash dump and leave a mattress and box spring for someone else to get rid of .
What ever happened to Minnesota nice ?
Now , we will probably have to pay to have it hauled away .
I just hope your children were not along to witness this unneighborly act .
Charlene Gralish , St. Paul
SAINTED
I was a bell - ringer for the Salvation Army at the Festival Foods on County Road E in White Bear Lake .
The ringer on my bell broke .
I would like to thank the young gentleman who works at the Associated Bank in the store , who came to my rescue .
He located tools and happily repaired my bell so I could keep ringing .
Thank you .
Carol Stehly , White Bear Lake
SAINTED
Sainted to whomever set up the ringing of the bells at Blessed Sacrament Church .
For over a year now , the bells ring on the hour from the church .
If the wind is blowing right , I can hear the ringing when I am in the yard .
I ’m not a religious person , but when I hear them it is a reminder to me to be thankful for everything that is good in my world .
When I ’m feeling angst , they bring a bit of peace in my heart .
Thank you .
Sondra Erickson - Raths , St. Paul
Advertisements
During his speech tonight announcing that 30,000 more troops will be sent to Afghanistan , President Barack Obama took aim at a popular criticism from the Left that Afghanistan is another Vietnam .
Obama said , “ I believe this argument depends upon a false reading of history . ”
The President said , “ First , there are those who suggest that Afghanistan is another Vietnam .
They argue that it cannot be stabilized , and we are better off cutting our losses and rapidly withdrawing .
Yet this argument depends upon a false reading of history . ”
He continued , “ Unlike Vietnam , we are joined by a broad coalition of 43 nations that recognizes the legitimacy of our action .
Unlike Vietnam , we are not facing a broad - based popular insurgency .
And most importantly , unlike Vietnam , the American people were viciously attacked from Afghanistan , and remain a target for those same extremists who are plotting along its border .
To abandon this area now – and to rely only on efforts against al Qaeda from a distance – would significantly hamper our ability to keep the pressure on al Qaeda , and create an unacceptable risk of additional attacks on our homeland and our allies .
Advertisements
Obama is right .
Afghanistan is not another Vietnam .
He is making sure of it by not sending the nation in an open ended commitment as LBJ did decades ago .
People who compare Afghanistan to Vietnam hopefully will realize that Obama is not LBJ .
This is a different conflict for a different time .
This speech , although it invoked 9/11 , was complete opposite of what George W. Bush had been passing off as vision for years .
Obama laid out goals , objectives , and an endgame .
These are three things that were never clear in the Bush Administration ’s strategy .
It is clear now why Obama took so long to make a decision .
He was not only deciding on troops , but coming up with a comprehensive strategy .
He is correct that America can’t bail out on Afghanistan , but much like Iraq , an endgame must be set , or else the government there will never take responsibility .
Obama ’s speech itself was comprehensive , but he has a tough , almost impossible , sell to make to the left if he expects them to get on board with this decision .
Full Text of Obama ’s Speech
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
01/14/2010
No grey area in Bay Area : Maggie says it 's Cable Cars vs. Catechisms
by Jeremy Hooper
We 're not sure if Maggie Gallagher writes her own headlines for National Review 's " The Corner " blog .
But this one is outrageous :
Prop 8 Trial Watch : San Francisco Hates Catholics [ Maggie Gallagher ]
We know that to these " pro-family " folks , San Francisco is merely a stand - in for " militant land of sodo - liberalism . "
But in reality , it is a city .
A great city .
Made up of people .
Human beings .
Humans of every kind , faith , sexual orientation , and what have you .
Including a very active Catholic population .
A catholic population that even includes -- and hold on to your rosaries for this one -- gay Catholics .
Maggie 's basis for writing this incendiary headline is ( a ) the anti-Prop 8 side 's general feeling that canon law , while valid to the lives of many , is not able to trump constitutional law on the issue of CIVIL marriage , and ( b ) the pushback that locals have offered those Catholic leaders who 've acted in discriminatory ways .
So what Maggie 's referenced adversaries truly " hate " is the biased actions from certain members of the church leadership .
Actions that could easily be construed as " hate " by those who see the harshest motives in anti-LGBT treatment .
Actions that have certainly ratcheted up a general tone of hostility towards gay lives and loves .
And actions that are not reflective of the church 's full body .
Maggie 's myopia has led her to take a city of over 800,000 and pit it against a church of even larger size .
Perhaps we should n't be surprised , since cultivating dissension is the way that Maggie collects her paychecks .
Yet somehow we still are .
Guess we just " hate " to think that some people view the world through such an unproductive , unscrupulous lens .
Your thoughts
Since she 's prejudiced against millions of LGBTs and tells outrageous lies in an attempt to appeal to others ' prejudices , what 's to stop her from doing the same against 800,000 residents of a particular city ?
Posted by : GreenEyedLilo | Jan 14 , 2010 10:02:48 AM
But , Jeremy , this is all about bringing the two great halves of humanity together so that babies wo n't be motherless or fatherless and when you say you 're against the gay marriage thing you 're labeled as a bigot .
Wow .
4 Maggieisms in one sentence !
I 'm impressed with myself !
Posted by : Bearchewtoy75 | Jan 14 , 2010 11:44:38 AM
I think the real person any self - respecting San Franciscan truly hates is Maggie herself .
And NOM .
( or perhaps that 's just the sleep deprivation talking ... it's amazing how many I 've met in the LGBT community who express sorrow and disappointment rather than hate .
Too bad some in the Christian community can't do the same , despite their religion 's teachings to do just that )
Posted by : Aya | Jan 14 , 2010 11:45:04 AM
I lived in SF for a while , and I can assure to the Gagger that the minute that She , NOM and the Kid-Fuckers in the Catholic Church stop wielding their religious based hatred as a weapon against me ( and when the kid- fuckers stop fucking kids ) , is exactly the same day that I ( personally ) will entirely forget that they even exist .
It 's really simple , Gaggie .
And , as a Cathaholic , you should have heard before that , " you reap what you sow . "
And you , of all people , should know about sows .
Posted by : Dick Mills | Jan 14 , 2010 12:42:09 PM
It hurts my head to trying to even understand how and why she thinks like this .
But I do loathe her with every fiber of my being .
And I love the picture .
Shows her to be the swine she actually is .
Posted by : John Ozed | Jan 14 , 2010 2:25:13 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
“ Regarding the vote tallies , ” Mr. Evangelisti wrote , “ we have taken down individual charity counts with a couple of days left to build excitement among the broadest number of participants , as well as to ensure that all Facebook users learn of the 100 finalists at the same time and so we have an opportunity to notify the 100 finalists first . ”
In a telephone interview , Mr. Evangelisti declined to give the vote tallies for any of the organizations or to say whether any of the groups that are complaining had been disqualified .
Chase ’s eligibility rules make it clear that the bank can disqualify any participant .
“ We are proud that through this effort we ’re giving $ 5 million to small and local charities , ” he said , “ raising awareness for thousands of charities and helping them gain new supporters . ”
In such contests , companies typically select a group of charities and ask people to vote for one of them .
But Chase opened its contest to any charity whose operating budget was less than $ 10 million and whose mission “ aligned ” with the bank ’s corporate social responsibility guidelines .
Organizations also had to affirm that they did not discriminate in any way .
Chase did not create a public leader board showing a ranking of the charities based on the votes they had received on its Chase Community Giving page on Facebook .
Instead , participating charities had to go to Facebook to find out how many votes they had received and who had voted for them .
So some participants created informal leader boards .
For instance , the National Youth Rights Association , a tiny nonprofit that works to teach young people about their rights and how to protect them , compiled voting data on almost 400 contestants , and 82 of the organizations that it tracked were among the 100 winners Chase named .
The association itself was among those winners , and the $ 25,000 it will get from Chase is more money than it has raised all year and the largest donation it has received in its 11 - year history , said Alex Koroknay - Palicz , its executive director .
The window to emotion ( Image : Nicola Tree / GEtty )
Facial expressions , Charles Darwin argued in The Expression of the Emotions in Man and Animals , are a universal window into emotion .
But new research challenges that notion , showing that east Asian people struggle to recognise facial expressions that western Caucasians attribute to fear and disgust .
By focusing on eyes and brows , Asians miss subtle cues conveyed via the mouth .
“ We question the universality of these specific signals , ” says Rachael Jack , a cognitive psychologist at the University of Glasgow , UK , whose team analysed how 13 Caucasian and 13 east Asian men and women interpret a standardised set of facial expressions , thought to be racially neutral , which is used widely in research .
Caucasian volunteers had no problem distinguishing between expressions of surprise , fear , disgust and anger .
Asians , however , frequently confused fear for surprise and disgust for anger , Jack ’s team found .
Advertisement
An eye - tracking tool and software indicated that while Caucasians tended to look at all parts of a face equally , Asians alternated their gaze between the left and right eyes .
Meanwhile , computer modelling of different facial expressions found that the mouth is a much better telltale of a particular emotion than eyes and brows .
Relying solely on the eyes , the model found , creates ambiguity between fear and surprise , and also anger and disgust – reflecting the mistakes the east Asian volunteers made in the experiment .
Go east
Jack ’s results do n’t mean that people from east Asian countries are blind to facial expressions of fear and disgust , but that there may be a different way for these signals to be conveyed .
“ We need to find out what these signals look like in eastern cultures , ” she says .
East Asian cultures tend to frown on the display of negative emotions in public , Jack says .
It ’s possible that east Asians have learned that by paying close attention to another person ’s eyes , they can spot facial giveaways of muzzled feelings of disgust or fear , she says .
Differences in the interpretation of facial expressions between Asians and Caucasians are almost certainly cultural , not genetic , Jack says .
To see if people can switch strategies to suit different cultures , her team is studying children born in the UK to Chinese parents .
Journal reference : Current Biology , DOI : 10.1016/j.cub.2009.07.051 ( in press )
The most pressing question of our time is , naturally , was Venus Williams wearing underwear at the Australian Open yesterday ?
We dig deep , breaking down the footage , to give you a definitive answer .
Advertisement
As Venus takes the court for her match against Lucie Safarova , we can't help but notice the front slit on the tennis skirt .
Good for mobility , but revealing .
That 's an awful lot of uncovered leg , but is that a hint of fabric at at the top ?
Let 's go to the match action .
Advertisement
Much like during an occultation , the moon of Venus is obscured by shadow , but enough definition appears to make out a valley .
Let 's go in for a closer look .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Cheeks are clearly present , in stark relief .
Advertisement
There 's something off about the ever - telling crack .
It 's not as well - defined as it ought to be .
Almost as if some sheer material is obscuring it .
We need to check out the front to be sure .
Advertisement
Venus almost does us a favor by refusing to cross her ankles like a lady , but is unwilling to completely aid in our investigation due to a well - played towel .
Advertisement
I think I see daylight !
Advertisement
A curious fact : there are no bra or panty lines showing , indicating they are either not present , or are combined into a single undergarment .
Advertisement
And bingo .
A sheer , nearly skin- colored garment covers Venus 's upper shame , and we are forced to conclude , lower shame as well .
A strapless bodysuit with a thong bottom would neatly explain everything we have seen .
So there you have it : Venus wore underwear .
Now if you 'll excuse me , I have to go shower off the stink of " journalism . "
Best Possible Taste has moved .
Find us at http://www.bestpossibletaste.com
Weighing in at almost 11,000 words , Dana Goodyear ’s terrific profile of James Cameron in today ’s New Yorker is nearly as long and ambitious as one of Cameron ’s films and twice as exciting .
The budget - busting , four - wife - divorcing Avatar director comes off just as crazy and comically unreasonable as you ’d expect .
Making him seem awesome , too , though , is the way Goodyear ’s feature sort of reads like a list of “ Chuck Norris Facts . ”
Our favorite James Cameron Facts from the piece , after the jump .
• According to Titanic star Bill Paxton , the word “ no ” gives James Cameron an erection .
• Here ’s what James Cameron says to studio suits who impede his vision : “ Tell your friend he ’s getting fucked in the ass , and if he would stop squirming it would n’t hurt so much . ”
• “ James Cameron does n’t go to the bathroom ; he goes to the head , ” writes Goodyear .
• James Cameron “ has held his breath for more than three minutes and reached a depth of a hundred and ten feet . ”
• James Cameron signs all correspondence “ Jim out . ”
• Something James Cameron actually shouted to Arnold Schwarzenegger on the set of True Lies : “ Do you want Paul Verhoeven to finish this motherfucker ? ” ( We vow to find a way to work this into casual conversation today . )
• During the filming of Avatar , James Cameron taught Zoë Saldana to shoot a bow the James Cameron way ( “ It ’s a two - fingered inverted draw past the head , like a Samurai ” ) .
Recalls James Cameron : “ The archery instructor came and said , ‘ Do you want me to teach them archery or do you want me to teach them this ?
This would never work . ’
I said , ‘ See that bush ? ’
It was a hundred and fifty feet away .
I nailed it . ”
• There is a strict no - tan policy on the set of James Cameron movies .
“ What ’s with the tan ? ” James Cameron asks an Avatar crew member .
“ We see the sun as we drive to work , and not again till the next morning . ”
• Even forest fires are afraid of James Cameron , who has a fire truck in his driveway : “ Everybody else just runs for the hills , ” he says , mocking his Malibu neighbors .
“ ‘ Oh , my God ! ’
We sit and wait .
Put on our yellow coats and our breathing gear and wait .
And , you know what ?
It ’s impressive .
When these hills light up with a hundred - foot - tall wall of flames coming over the top of the hill there , you feel like it ’s Armageddon . ”
• James Cameron bought George C. Scott ’s house .
• Of the lawn chairs on his patio , writes Goodyear , James Cameron “ looked at the furniture uncertainly , as if he had never contemplated using it before . ”
• James Cameron drinks decaf coffee .
( He stopped drinking caffeine after Terminator 2 , reports Goodyear .
Probably because some dudes got killed , we ’d imagine . )
• To prepare her for her role in Terminator 2 , James Cameron put Linda Hamilton on a yearlong fat - free diet and made her train with a former Mossad agent , “ who taught her to strip weapons blindfolded while he threw things at her and asked for her identification number .
She got so that she could escape from L.A.P.D. handcuffs using just a paper clip . ”
But not even that could prepare her for marriage to James Cameron — they were wed in 1997 , but divorced after eight months ( before Hamilton could get her scuba license , even ) .
• “ There are two things about Jim , ” says Abyss cinematographer Mikael Salomon .
“ You should n’t call him Jimmy , and you should n’t touch him if you do n’t know him very well . ”
• On the set of Abyss Titanic , a disgruntled worker spiked the crew ’s chowder dinner with PCP .
James Cameron “ had the presence of mind to stick his finger down his throat , and was one of the few who did n’t spend the night in the emergency room . ”
• James Cameron has a piece of shrapnel in his arm from Terminator 2 that never came out .
• James Cameron broke a tooth while shooting Avatar and he has n’t bothered to fix it .
Why not ?
James Cameron does n’t “ smile that broadly anyway , ” he says .
Man of Extremes [ NYer ]
Andrew , James , and I have been through a couple of Web Design / Development jobs in our careers .
Here is some hilarious and sometimes irritating phrases or requests from clients that we have personally heard .
If you ’re a web designer or developer , you ’ll immediately connect with this list because we ’ve all been through it .
The list is formatted with phrases one of us heard , then our comments on it .
If you have any more to add to the list below , post it in the comments .
From James :
– That should only take you ## time right ?
Yes .
Because you know exactly how much time it takes to develop or design something because you have done it yourself .
Do n’t tell the designer / developer how long it ’ll take .
We ’ll tell you .
– That should be easy to do / add .
Have you ever heard that saying “ easier said than done ? ”
Well this applies here .
Let the designer / developer to you if it ’s easy or hard and trust us on our word .
Because designing is n’t as easy as WordArt and developing is n’t as easy as drag - and - drop .
– It needs to be fully animated but under 25kb .
If you do n’t understand the concept of filesize , do n’t expect a designer / developer to stuff a bunch of animations and videos into your flash intro .
For more from me and Andrew , go past the break .
From Andrew :
– Make sure it ’s Web 2.0
What do you consider Web 2.0 ?
– So , I have some changes for the site , how bout I just read them off to you and you can change them .
Yes I know there is quick a few pages to the site but it ’ll be real quick .
Or you could just email me a list .
– After sending a Design Comp to a client : I ’ve clicked everywhere the Website is n’t working .
* Face Palm
From me :
– You ’re a web designer , print should n’t be any different
Web and print are NOT the same .
When a web designer designs , he or she thinks about , wireframes , functionality , how developers would code such a design and usability .
Print or Graphic designers think about a grid , heiarchy , the use of negative space , and concept .
They know people are n’t going to “ click ” on their posters or magazine .
– Lets make 5 comps for our client and let him / her choose the elements they like from each comp .
It ’s easy to just mix and match elements .
Mix and match ?!
This is n’t just a drag and drop type of designing we do .
Each comp is thought through carefully and made to flow .
Mix and match ?!
Sure , if you want a Frankenstein type of design .
– 10 pm e-mail : Need a quick one page website mock up by 10am
Thanks for the heads up .
But do n’t expect a great design in 1 hours time .
My brain needs coffee and time to boot up by the time I get into work .
And last but not least :
– I want my sports themed website to have a stadium in the background .
In that background can we animated twinkling lights all the time ?
As if camera flashes were going off .
No .
This is n’t MySpace .
Bonus :
– Why does your comp have Spanish in it ?
Wow .
Just … wow .
First of all , it ’s not Spanish .
It ’s Latin .
Second , it ’s placeholder copy .
The Alchemist did not necessarily come to Torchlight for adventure and heroism .
Ember is a cornerstone of his magical art , and the beleaguered town sits atop the largest cache of this magical mineral ever found .
To save it , he may have to save everyone .
By channeling the power of Ember , the Alchemist is able to dispatch enemies from afar as well as summon minions to his aid .
But his connection to the Ember also makes him uniquely vulnerable to its corruption .
Will the power of Ember be the tool of his triumph or cause of his doom ?
Those of us shivering through extended stretches of subfreezing temperatures might be forgiven for getting a bit impatient for the onset of more significant global warming .
And , if you 're reading Ars , chances are good that this describes you , as the US and Europe have been blanketed in an unusual chill .
Ironically , as these inhabited parts shiver , the atmospheric system that 's causing it , the Arctic Oscillation , has covered Greenland and the Arctic Ocean with air that 's equally as extreme , but in the warm direction .
The folks who run the National Center for Atmospheric Research have a great rundown of the details of the AO Oscillation .
In short , high pressure in the Arctic forces the jet stream south , and it drags cold air with it , chilling North American and northern Eurasia .
In its opposite mode , those same regions tend to be much warmer .
Right now , we 're in such an extreme high - pressure event that the readings have run off the scale of NOAA 's AO index .
Fortunately for those hoping to warm up a bit , the AO is a weather event — it often changes states multiple times within a single season , and there 's no clear evidence linking its behavior to climate trends .
The NCAR site also points out one of the reasons why people are making a big deal out of this one : we tend to think short - term when it comes to our surroundings .
We have n't had an AO event this severe since 2003 , and the high pressure mode has been relatively rare since 1990 , so many places have simply gotten used to not having an Arctic blast during the winter .
The fact that November was unusually warm in the US , Canada , and Europe probably does n't help matters , either .
When it comes to longer - term impacts , this strong phase of the AO may significantly alter the dynamics of the Arctic Ocean 's ice pack , which responds both to weather events and climatic trends .
Most of the Arctic Ocean freezes up during the winter , but the warm air present may limit the extent and thickness of solid ice sheets , meaning a lot of this year 's freeze is likely to simply remelt next summer .
At the same time , however , the wind patterns that are prevailing will drive less of the ice out of the Arctic Ocean , which may preserve some of the older , more robust multiyear ice .
The National Snow and Ice Data Center runs a site devoted to tracking Arctic ice dynamics that provides great explanations of trends .
by Matt Slick
Are you honestly looking for answers ?
If you are , I would be very willing to talk with you more about Jesus , the Bible , or whatever else you want to talk about .
What are you skeptical about ?
Perhaps we can talk about some of the things that you feel keep you from a saving knowledge of Jesus .
Sometimes being skeptical is a way of hiding from the facts .
We all do it , but we must try and make sure that we are n't using skepticism as a way to hide from God .
$ 1,107,977
In May , 2013 the Workers Compensation Board upeld an award for our client who had a work related injury from a fall off a ladder that injured his legs which resulted in Reflex Sympathetic Dystrophy / Complex Regional Pain Syndrome .
Commodity computer systems contain more and more processor cores and exhibit increasingly diverse architectural tradeoffs , including memory hierarchies , interconnects , instruction sets and variants , and IO configurations .
Previous high - performance computing systems have scaled in specific cases , but the dynamic nature of modern client and server workloads , coupled with the impossibility of statically optimizing an OS for all workloads and hardware variants pose serious challenges for operating system structures .
We argue that the challenge of future multicore hardware is best met by embracing the networked nature of the machine , rethinking OS architecture using ideas from distributed systems .
We investigate a new OS structure , the multikernel , that treats the machine as a network of independent cores , assumes no inter -core sharing at the lowest level , and moves traditional OS functionality to a distributed system of processes that communicate via message - passing .
We have implemented a multikernel OS to show that the approach is promising , and we describe how traditional scalability problems for operating systems ( such as memory management ) can be effectively recast using messages and can exploit insights from distributed systems and networking .
An evaluation of our prototype on multicore systems shows that , even on present - day machines , the performance of a multikernel is comparable with a conventional OS , and can scale better to support future hardware .
" ' Octomom " Nadya Suleman 's fertility doctor has been accused by the Medical Board of California for a pattern of gross negligence that led to the birth of her 14 children , including the world 's longest - surviving octuplets , the Los Angeles Times reports .
The state board charged that Michael Kamrava created a " stockpile " of unused frozen embryos that serve " no clinical purpose . "
Click here to read the board 's accusation on the Times ' website .
The number of embryos Kamrava transferred in July 2008 was so outside the norm that they " should not be transferred into any woman , regardless of age , " the document says .
The Whittier Daily News , Suleman 's hometown newspaper , reports that guidelines established by the American Society of Reproductive Medicine say in patients under 35 , no more than two embryos should be transferred .
The Times quotes Kamrava 's lawyer , Peter Osinoff , as saying the doctor is " devastated " by the charges , which could cost him his license , but says he was following his patient 's demands .
( Posted by Doug Stanglin )
Prince Charles was tonight facing fresh accusations of meddling in government policy after it emerged that he had written directly to ministers in eight Whitehall departments over the last three years .
The heir to the throne , who has strong views on the environment , farming and architecture , wrote to ministers in departments including the Treasury , Foreign and Commonwealth Office and the education department .
Documents obtained by the Guardian also reveal that his advisers pressed senior cabinet ministers to bring government policy into line with the prince 's beliefs on matters including hospital building and the design of ecotowns .
The disclosures will fuel growing concern that the prince is continuing to interfere in political matters when many believe he should remain neutral if he wishes to become king .
Leaks of previous correspondence , known among ministers as " black spider memos " because of the prince 's sprawling handwriting style , provoked a backlash among politicians furious that an unelected royal was meddling in the affairs of democratic government .
The fresh evidence of his lobbying was obtained using the Freedom of Information Act , although Whitehall departments refused to release the content of the letters .
The Guardian has established that since 2006 Charles wrote to politicians leading eight government departments and his advisers wrote to five .
The departments released correspondence from senior aides who run his architectural charity to Hazel Blears , then secretary of state for communities .
They show how his charity urged the government to adopt Charles 's favoured approach to the ecotowns initiative .
They also wrote to Patricia Hewitt , who was health secretary , to recommend that all hospital trusts planning new buildings should use the design technique pioneered by Charles 's architecture charity .
Separately they pressed Andy Burnham , chief secretary to the Treasury at the time , to consider the findings of a study into sustainable ways of increasing the housing supply " which provides support for the [ prince 's ]
Foundation 's mission to promote timeless and ecological ways of planning , designing and building " .
Chris Huhne , the Liberal Democrat home affairs spokesman , said tonight he was surprised that the prince had taken such an extensive interest in activities across Whitehall .
" He has to be very careful to respect the traditional separation between the democratically accountable parts of the constitution and the ceremonial parts .
The Prince of Wales is entitled to ask about what is going on but if he is urging a particular point of view , then that 's a different matter , " Huhne said .
The ex-sports minister Richard Caborn said it was wrong to keep the letters secret .
He said : " He is entitled to press his views .
I would treat it no differently to anybody else 's .
If he is making his views known to ministers , they should be in the public domain .
He can't have it both ways . "
In future , however , it is possible that the government will choose never to disclose the prince 's correspondence with ministers .
Gordon Brown has ordered a block on the disclosure of correspondence sent to ministers by members of the royal family and todayhis clampdown on attempts to expose the scale of the prince 's lobbying was boosted when Christopher Graham , the information commissioner , who adjudicates in secrecy disputes , blocked the release of an earlier set of correspondence which involved Tony Blair .
Ministers said there was " a well - established constitutional doctrine that the heir to the throne has a right and duty to be instructed in the business of government in preparation for the time when he himself will be the sovereign " .
The prince 's aides have denied that he " bombards " ministers .
In a strong rebuttal that the prince meddles in politics , Sir Michael Peat , his principal private secretary , said in 2007 : " His royal highness is always very careful to ensure he is not politically contentious or party political , and as far as I am aware even his most ardent critic has never suggested he is . "
But the prince has also referred to himself as a " dissident " working against the prevailing political consensus , according to his former press adviser Mark Bolland .
In 2001 , he complained to Lord Irvine , then lord chancellor , about the Human Rights Act and compensation culture and railed against the " degree to which our lives are becoming ruled by a truly absurd degree of politically correct interference " .
Clarence House denied tonight that the prince 's household had lobbied the government to stop all disclosures of his letters and defended his right to secrecy , saying his role as a privy counsellor gave him the right to communicate confidentially with ministers on matters that concern him .
" It is generally accepted that the heir to the throne should be aware of the business of government and that correspondence between government ministers should be treated as private and confidential on all sides , " said a spokesman for the prince .
Whitehall departments which have received personal letters from the Prince of Wales since 2006
Department for Food and Rural Affairs
Department for International Development
HM Treasury
Foreign and Commonwealth Office
Department for Work and Pensions
Department for Education and Skills
Department for Communities
Department for Culture , Media and Sport
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Tunnel Road
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
After you identify me by my chili and also perhaps by my concealed nakedness , you 'll take the stool beside me .
At first I wo n't be sure it's you and the anticipation will be a real thrill for me .
When the waitress greets you ...
I 'm not sexist it 's just statisticaly probable that your server will be a female because male Waffle House servers are very rare .
Anyway , when your waitress greets you , you wo n't need to review a menu because I 'm about to tell you what to order and you 'll have it memorized .
It may be a good idea to write this down on a small piece of paper and memorize while you 're driving to the Tunnel Road Waffle House .
Ready ?
Good .
You 'll tell the waitress you 'll have Hashbrowns , covered , diced , peppered and topped .
Curiously enough , topped means topped with Burt 's Chili .
The other code words stand for melted cheese , grilled tomatoes , and spicy jalapeno peppers , respectively .
I mention this because often times people do n't care for spicy foods , in which case you can substitute capped for peppered .
Capped is the code word for grilled button mushrooms .
Either way , I 'll still know it 's you .
Yet just to be sure , in addition to the Hashbrowns , order a city ham biscuit from the DOLLAR $ MENU .
Of course it 's possible that you may not like City Ham .
The name itself can conjur unpleasant connotations if you think too long about it .
This is n't important though because you do n't have to eat it .
It 's just something off the DOLLAR $ MENU that you 'll order it so I can be sure you 're you and not just someone else that happens to be ordering Hashbrowns , covered , diced , peppered and topped .
After you order and only after the waitress has walked away , I 'll ask you if you 'd like a spoonful of my Bert 's BEST Bowl of Chili .
Do n't respond verbally , just looked me in the eyes , squint slightly in a seductive manner and then open your mouth , stick out your tongue and get ready for a spoonful of Bert 's BEST .
Taste the chili , the sautéed onions , melted cheese , grilled hickory smoked ham and spicy jalepeno peppers .
It does n't matter if you like the spicy peppers or not .
You 're going to eat them and they 're going to be HOT !
So hot your salivation may carry a little piece of grilled hickory smoked ham from the corner of your mouth down the precipice of your chin .
Do n't wipe it off , let it drip .
When my body stops covulsing and my emotions return from sheer ecstacy , I 'll put a $ 20 bill on the counter .
Then I 'll get up slowly and walk out the door .
Never to see you again .
If this sounds like the kind of thing you 're looking for , email me to set up a time to meet .
I know I said I 'd be there tonight at 10 pm but if more then one woman showed up it would cause confusion .
Also I 'd like to make sure you 're not a weirdo before we meet .
2009-12-10
Logging in Tasmania
In 1968 , Garrett Hardin coined the term " Tragedy of the Commons " to describe the economic mechanism that drives humans to destroy common resources .
The tragedy applies whenever a common resource is " subtractable " - that is , if use of a resource subtracts from it , making what 's been extracted unavailable to others .
While the full benefit of appropriating the resource goes to the user , the cost is shared among everyone .
The consequence is that for a self - interested user of the resource , the benefits of increasing use will always outweigh the costs , even if the resource is ultimately destroyed in the process .
Central to this is the problem of freeloaders - even if the vast majority of users use a resource sustainably , a small number of opportunistic freeloaders can quickly soak up the common benefit .
The conventional economic view - first expressed by Hardin himself - is that there are two ways to solve the commons problem : privatising the resource so an owner with a direct interest can govern its use , or imposing regulation from " outside " the system .
It 's interesting to see , then , that this year 's Nobel Prize in Economics went to Elinor Ostrom , someone who has made a name arguing against this fatalistic conclusion .
Ostrom and her collaborators have produced a huge literature studying commons that follow a third path - consensual , self - generated governance that limits use to sustainable levels .
At the heart of Ostrom 's work is a simple question - how does self - governance arise ?
She approaches this problem with a simple equation describing the cost - benefit analysis of an individual considering whether to participate in communal governance .
I 've modified it slightly for this post - you can find the original in the paper " Reformulating the Commons " :
BN > BE + C
BN is the benefit derived under a new ( presumably communal ) governance strategy , BE is the benefit derived under the existing ( presumably non-communal ) strategy , and C is the cost associated with switching .
It 's as simple as that : the benefit of participating has to exceed the cost .
In essence , Ostrom 's work on the commons explores the panoply of ways in which communities encourage participation in commons governance by modifying this equation through rewards , penalties and social norms .
There 's no single successful strategy , and the ones that do work rely on concepts like trust , reciprocity , and the types of institutional structures and individuals involved .
Additional complexity comes from the interactions between subsets of users - the equation can be different for every user , and coalitions and factions are common .
The huge diversity of solutions means that Ostrom 's work is dirtier and more empirical than much of economics , and certainly far removed from the world of identical rational actors in Hardin 's original analysis .
It 's interesting to consider how this line of thought applies to Open Source projects .
Software is not a classical common pool resource , because it's not subtractable - there 's no cost to the users or developers of a project if I choose to use it .
Nonetheless , an Open Source project is definitely a commons , in the sense that it is a community resource that thrives or starves depending on contributions from its members .
The participants in this type of commons is the pool of potential contributors , rather than the pool of potential appropriators .
In the same way that using a common pool resource applies a shared penalty to everyone , a contribution to the software commons benefits everyone .
This type of non-subtractive ( additive ? ) commons has its own version of the freeloader problem - it pays for a contributor to hang back and wait for someone else to add a needed feature , rather than go to the expense of adding it themselves .
If the contributor is a company , it might be beneficial to maintain a competitive advantage by not contributing a change back to the community , even if the work has already been done .
Open Source projects face an inverted form of the commons problem , which can be expressed in a modified version of Ostrom 's commons equation :
BC > BN + C
Here , BC is the benefit of contributing , which has to outweigh the cost of contributing ( C ) plus the benefit of not contributing ( BN ) .
The Open Source world has produced an immensely sophisticated set of norms and institutions around the terms of this equation , resulting in some of the most successful self - governance structures on the planet .
I 'd argue that most of the institutional work in Open Source over the last few decades have focused on reducing C - a lot of the basic technology and accompanying social norms used in Open Source development ( mailing lists , bug trackers , version control systems , communications protocols ) is lubrication to reduce the cost of contributing .
I think you could even make a plausible case that much of what drives the Internet is just a side - effect of Open Source projects trying to reduce C .
Another interesting train of thought is spurred by the factor BN - the benefit of not contributing .
This nicely illuminates the fundamental difference between commercial and individual contributors - for individual contributors without commercial interests , BN is almost always 0 .
For commercial contributors , however , this term can be large .
Consequently , we would expect projects where commercial contribution is important to have measures that aim to reduce BN - penalties that minimise the benefit of not contributing to the project .
The outstanding example here is the Linux kernel project , which has followed a very successful two - fold path to reduce BN .
The first , of course , is licensing - the GPL imposes stiff penalties ( paid in terms of public outcry and possible legal consequences ) on those failing to contribute code back to the project under many circumstances .
The terms of the GPL do not cover all types of use , however , so there is a second tier of operational penalties for code that is license compliant , but not contributed back to the project .
To quote Greg Kroah - Hartman in a recent interview :
Because of our huge rate of change , [ drivers ] pretty much have to be in the kernel tree .
Otherwise , keeping a driver outside the kernel is technically a very difficult thing to do , because our internal kernel APIs change very , very rapidly .
It 's interesting to consider whether this last penalty is intentional or not .
There are good technical reasons not to make any stability guarantees for internal APIs , but at the same time I 'm sure that many kernel hackers are very aware of the fact that a rapidly - changing internal API compels companies to contribute code .
I do n't think it 's a coincidence that the most successful Open Source project in the world has adopted strategies to penalize potential contributors for not donating code to the community .
Reducing BN is one of the reasons why Linux has a vastly greater commercial contribution than , say , FreeBSD , and is therefore a much more vibrant and active project .
Click
for your version of An Owned Life .
The Internet is a wonderful medium for interacting .
However , it is also a vehicle which can cause a great deal of trouble .
Over the last few months , we highlighted the perils associated with online BDSM relationships and how not everyone is forthright with the truth .
Nevertheless , there is another area that I want to expand upon since I see it occur so regularly .
In my book , An Owned Life , I cover this subject in greater detail .
Whenever someone is new to the lifestyle , they invariably make the mistake of telling the wrong person about their choice .
This is magnified when one opts to enter into the M/s facet of this world .
The fact of the matter is that we are involved in something that goes against the societal grain .
This way of life is called an " alternative lifestyle " since it is something different from the mainstream .
It is an important factor to remember .
Even when dealing with a D/s relationship , I opt not to explain it to anyone on the outside world .
To start , they cannot comprehend what I am talking about .
Society promotes equality .
The idea of a total power exchange simply baffles most people .
The second reason to keep my choice under wraps is the simple fact that information has a way of biting us in the ass .
People are always seeking ways to use things against us .
We witness this in court battles , interactions with exes , and relationships with peers .
Many are simply trained to attempt to elevate themselves at the expense of others .
I see so many who choose to post their entire lives on the Internet .
This amazes me since I always wonder if the person ever considered the fact that few care .
Most are involved in their own lives .
The idea of sharing every facet with others is stupid and dangerous .
There seems to be no limit to what people will post .
Many who are doing this suffer from low self esteem .
The Internet offers a medium where anyone can become a blogger .
Instantly , the writer is important ( at least in his or her mind ) .
They mistakenly believe that there are those who hang on their every word .
Their belief is that this medium offers them a place to have their say .
While that is true , they need to develop some type of filtering device since much of what I see is completely inappropriate .
My conclusion is the people who write this stuff are engaging in a desperate cry for help .
I believe many of these people need professional counseling .
When I see what some post , I am saddened to know they have children who are in their custody .
Unstable people are the ones who create horrific events .
And , you only need to read a few posts to quickly garner how unstable they really are .
Being careful also transcends to other areas of our life in addition to online .
Many fail to recognize that children and family members are not to be clued in on how we live .
This holds true for " vanilla " friends .
Many , even within the lifestyle , are terrible gossips .
They have to talk to amuse themselves .
These are the people who will express a secret to anyone who will listen .
Many do not need an ex knowing that he or she is now owned .
Nor does one 's children need to know the lifestyle choices one makes .
These are people who could cause damage with the information .
Nevertheless , in the next week I will come across many " writers " posting the intimate details of their lives .
The desperate cry for help will continue while doing nothing more than embarrassing the person making the posts .
Eventually , someone will get bitten because the break in anonymity by another who was supposedly a " friend " .
My only advice to you is to follow the edicts of the Mafia : keep your mouth shut ; tell them nothing .
The less information most people share , the better .
Few seem to realize they lack the practical experience to share much worthwhile anyway .
In this instance , less is more .
WOODSTOCK , Ontario -- A 25 - year - old hockey linesman was gravely injured when his neck was cut by a skate during a Junior C game on Tuesday .
Kevin Brown draws back after Reid Oliver 's skate ( dark sock ) already has sliced his neck .
Cory Smith / Woodstock Sentinel - Review
The incident took place in the third period of a game between the New Hamburg Firebirds and the host Woodstock Renegades .
The linesman , Kevin Brown , was initially reported to be in stable condition , but Renegades owner Bill McLeod said he was told Brown is " not doing so well now . "
Later Wednesday afternoon , a spokesperson for the London Health Sciences Centre said Brown was in critical condition .
The Firebirds ' head trainer , Greg Henning , said in a statement on the team 's Web site that Brown was in stable but critical condition .
Brown was slashed while trying to break up a fight between two players late in the game .
According to the North Bay ( Ont . )
Nugget newspaper , Woodstock 's Craig Thomson , who had just scored to tie the game 4 - 4 , got into a fight with New Hamburg 's Reid Oliver behind the Firebirds ' net after the goal and subsequent celebration .
The two traded punches until Thomson threw Oliver to the ice .
Oliver 's right leg was lifted through the air -- " almost like a cartwheel motion , " McLeod said -- and his skate cut Brown 's throat under his chin on the right side of his face .
Brown , with back toward camera , is still trying to break up the fight as blood is soaking the ice .
Cory Smith / Woodstock Sentinel - Review
According to the report , Brown , not realizing he had been gravely injured , continued to break up the fight as he bled profusely .
" I saw the skate go up and he grabbed his neck right away , " linesman Bruce Byers said afterward , according to the report .
" You knew he was leaking .
I told the guys on the ice , ' It 's done . ' "
Witnesses say Brown 's neck was gushing blood as he skated off the ice , and he collapsed before he could reach the benches .
Trainers from both teams and an off - duty nurse , who had been in the crowd , worked to stabilize Brown and control the bleeding .
Team trainers said he drifted in and out of consciousness as he was loaded into an ambulance .
Brown was initially taken to a hospital in Woodstock , where he had immediate surgery , then was transferred to the London hospital .
Henning said on the Firebirds '
Web site that Brown 's carotid artery had been severed , and Brown received four units of blood .
Brown , whose carotid artery was severed , collapsed as he skated toward the bench .
Cory Smith / Woodstock Sentinel - Review
He also said that Brown , when a nurse asked him to respond , was able to give a thumbs - up .
The game , with 11:22 to play , was immediately stopped .
On the Renegades ' Web site , the team posted a message : " The thoughts and prayers of all Renegades players , management , staff and fans are extended to the linesman who was severely injured in Tuesday 's game and his family . "
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
FORMER ARKANSAS governor Mike Huckabee was n’t mincing words last week when he blasted criticism of the clemency he granted Maurice Clemmons in 2000 - clemency that ultimately led to the Thanksgiving weekend murder of four Washington state police officers - as “ disgusting , ’’ or when he deplored “ how sick our society has become that people are more concerned about a campaign three years from now ’’ - the 2012 presidential campaign - “ than those grieving families in Washington . ’’
“ Disgusting ’’ and “ sick ’’ are strong words .
But this is n’t the first time Huckabee has lashed out at critics of his clemency decisions .
In 2004 , when the then - governor ’s commutation enabled convicted drunk driver Eugene Fields to walk free after less than eight months of a six - year sentence , the director of Arkansas Mothers Against Drunk Driving complained .
“ We are deeply disturbed , ’’ she said , “ at the message this sends to those who faithfully enforce , prosecute , adjudicate , serve on juries , and suffer the consequences of drunk driving offenders . ’’
Huckabee angrily accused MADD of trying to “ fan the flames of controversy ’’ and pandering to “ the unusual curiosity of certain media members . ’’
That was nothing to the supercilious reply received by prosecutor Robert Herzfeld , who wrote a letter calling Huckabee ’s clemency policies “ fatally flawed ’ ’ and suggesting that he explain his reasons when issuing a pardon or commutation .
From Huckabee ’s office came a mocking rejoinder : “ The governor read your letter and laughed out loud .
He wanted me to respond to you .
I wish you success as you cut down on your caffeine consumption . ’’
Huckabee holds himself out as an exemplar of good character - two of his books are titled “ Character Makes a Difference ’ ’ and “ Character Is the Issue ’’ - but so far he has not mustered the integrity to admit that Herzfeld was right :
His promiscuous approach to executive clemency did indeed prove fatal .
During his 10 years as governor , he pardoned or commuted the sentences of an astonishing 1,033 criminals - more than double the grants of clemency by his three immediate predecessors combined .
Had Huckabee been less eager to usher Clemmons to an early release , Mark Renninger , Tina Griswold , Gregory Richards , and Ronnie Owens - the four police officers gunned down in a Tacoma , Wash . , coffee shop last month - might still be alive .
There is no telling how many other innocents have been victimized by Huckabee ’s parolees .
The shocking massacre in Tacoma made headlines nationwide , but what about the other violent criminals set free thanks to a Huckabee commutation ?
How many of them went on to commit new rapes , new armed robberies , new assaults ?
How many of them will do so in the years ahead ?
Huckabee defends himself by pointing out that the Clemmons whose sentence he commuted in 2000 was not yet a rapist and murderer .
“ If I could have possibly known what Clemmons would do nine years later , ’’ Huckabee insists , “ I obviously would have made a different decision . ’’
But that does n’t explain why Huckabee saw fit to overrule the Arkansas judges and jurors who saw Clemmons up close , heard the evidence for and against him , sized him up as a dangerous , violent , unrepentant thug , and concluded that he deserved to be sentenced to a combined 108 years in prison .
The original judges and jurors were no more prophetically endowed than Huckabee , but they were right about Clemmons .
Huckabee , along with Arkansas ’ parole board , was wrong .
He should have the backbone to say so .
It does n’t take a seer to know that when criminals are released early , more crime follows .
In 2002 , the Bureau of Justice Statistics , summarizing data from the largest recidivism study ever conducted in the United States , reported that more than 67 percent of former inmates released from state prison are rearrested for at least one serious new crime within three years .
Between 1994 and 1997 , criminals paroled in just 15 states racked up 744,000 new arrest charges .
 Over 100,000 were new charges for a violent crime ,  the bureau noted , including 2,900 new homicides , 2,400 new kidnappings , 2,400 rapes , 3,200 other sexual assaults , 21,200 robberies , 54,600 assaults , and nearly 13,900 other violent crimes . 
Other than in cases of manifest injustice , when a judge and jury say a criminal belongs behind bars , clemency should be all but unthinkable .
Governors have no business gambling with the lives and safety of their constituents .
Huckabee “ laughed out loud ’’ when a prosecutor warned him that early release can be fatal .
And now he calls his critics disgusting ?
Jeff Jacoby can be reached at jacoby@globe.com .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
Catching the Bus
Raf is practicing human flight , Ray is wrestling teenage mutant cockroaches , and Will can't find his pants .
Again .
Alt - Text : Do n't be confused by this graphic .
Even if you had began running at the first arrow you would have missed the bus .
The bus always starts moving at the point running begins .
Well known law of the universe .
You have already voted for this video .
We appreciate your help .
You have already reported this video .
Guy is playing on klaxons classical music , amazing ...its in french but you dont need to understand ...
Guy is playing on klaxons classical music , amazing ...its in french but you dont need to understand ...
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Jack Straw rejected advice in the run up to war that invading Iraq without UN backing would break international law , the Iraq inquiry heard .
Mr Straw 's chief legal adviser at the time , Sir Michael Wood , told the then foreign secretary it would " amount to the crime of aggression " .
But Mr Straw told him he was being " dogmatic " and that " international law was pretty vague " , Sir Michael said .
Ministers used the attorney general 's advice on the war 's legality instead .
Lord Goldsmith , who is due to appear before the inquiry on Wednesday , advised the government that force could be used legally without a second UN resolution .
' Not authorised '
But the Iraq inquiry heard there were serious concerns about the way in which the decision was reached among the Foreign Office 's senior legal advisers .
Elizabeth Wilmshurst , who resigned in protest days before the invasion of Iraq , described the process as " lamentable " and lacking in transparency .
She said it was " extraordinary " that Attorney General Lord Goldsmith had only been asked for his opinion about the war just days before British troops went into action .
Sir Michael - chief legal adviser to the Foreign Office between 2001 and 2006 - said he believed the invasion did not have a legal basis as the UN Security Council neither met to agree Iraq was in " material breach " of existing disarmament resolutions nor explicitly approved the use of force .
" I considered that the use of force against Iraq in March 2003 was contrary to international law , " he said Newly declassified letters published by the inquiry show Sir Michael raised his concerns directly with the foreign secretary .
On 24 January 2003 , Sir Michael wrote to Mr Straw telling him the " UK cannot lawfully use force in Iraq in ensuring compliance " on the basis of existing UN resolutions , including resolution 1441 which gave Saddam a " final opportunity " to comply in November 2002 .
" To use force without Security Council authority would amount to the crime of aggression , " he wrote .
In his reply , also published by the inquiry on Tuesday , Mr Straw said he " noted " Sir Michael 's advice but did " not accept it " .
Assessing what would constitute a legal basis for war , he said : " I am as committed as anyone to international law and its obligations but it is an uncertain field .
In this case , the issue is an arguable one , capable of honestly and reasonably held differences of view . "
Mr Straw said he hoped to secure a further UN resolution " for political reasons " but there was a " strong case " that existing resolutions and subsequent Iraqi non-compliance " provide a sufficient basis in international law to justify military action " .
Asked about Mr Straw 's reaction to his letter voicing concerns , Sir Michael said the foreign secretary had told him he was being " dogmatic and international law was pretty vague " .
INQUIRY TIMETABLE
Tuesday : Ex-Foreign
Office legal advisers Sir Michael Wood and Elizabeth Wilmshurst will appear , as will former Foreign Secretary Margaret Beckett Wednesday : Former Attorney General Lord Goldsmith , who advised ministers the invasion was lawful , will give evidence Friday : Former Prime Minister Tony Blair will make his long - awaited appearance
Iraq protest lawyer attacks process Profile : Elizabeth Wilmshurst
He said Mr Straw also told him at their meeting that he had " often been advised things were unlawful and gone ahead anyway and won in the courts " when he was home secretary .
Asked by the inquiry about Mr Straw 's analysis of the legal position regarding the invasion of Iraq , Sir Michael told the inquiry : " Obviously there are some areas of international law that can be quite uncertain .
This , however , turned exclusively on the interpretation of a specific text and it is one on which I think that international law was pretty clear . "
He told the inquiry his advice had never been rejected by a minister before or since .
Mr Straw told the inquiry last week that his decision to back the war was the " most difficult " of his career , describing it as a " profoundly difficult political and moral dilemma " .
The Lib Dems said Tony Blair and Gordon Brown must be asked whether they were aware of the advice on the war 's legality when they appear before the inquiry .
" Michael Wood 's statement is the final nail in the coffin of the case for a legal war , " said the party 's foreign affairs spokesman Ed Davey .
" We need to know just who saw this advice .
Did it reach Tony Blair and Gordon Brown ?
And if not , why not ? "
Attorney 's advice But Sir Michael said he had always made it clear that it was ultimately up to Lord Goldsmith to advise ministers on whether war was lawful .
Just before the conflict began , Lord Goldsmith said in a statement that authority to use force came from the combined effect of existing UN resolutions dating back to the ceasefire after the Gulf War .
Yet 10 days earlier he had told the prime minister " the safest legal course " would be the adoption of a new UN resolution .
Sir Michael said there was a reluctance among ministers to seek legal advice early on as the Iraq crisis escalated and that Lord Goldsmith 's ultimate conclusion " came in very late in the day as I see it " .
" It was unfortunate advice was not given at an earlier stage . "
But former Foreign Secretary Margaret Beckett defended Lord Goldsmith 's role , telling the inquiry she believed he had properly weighed up all the legal arguments before coming to a final decision .
" I can't image any pressure he could be subject to that could make him give advice that was anything other than what he thought , " she said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
With news that scientists have created stem cells that grow into pork , and the very real possibility of in - vitro meat becoming part of our diet , the inevitable question is raised : would it be kosher to eat lab bacon ?
Advertisement
In - vitro or cultured meat shows great potential for feeding our ever growing population .
With a bit of work , it would take less area to manufacturer , have a smaller carbon footprint , and be less prone to disease and bacteria compared to traditionally grown farm animals .
While we 're not quite at the stage yet where we can pump out steaks in a factory environment , there 's a fairly good chance it will become a part of our diet in the foreseeable future .
But what about people who follow dietary restrictions , like Jews who keep kosher ?
According to the rules , if a mammal is to be considered kosher , it must have cloven hooves and chew cud .
This is why beef is okay , and hare and pork are n't —- no hooves and rumination , respectively .
Kosher meat also has to be slaughtered in a very specific way , involving slitting the animal 's throat with a sharp , non-serrated knife , and removing as much blood as possible .
Advertisement
So , what happens when there 's no animal to slaughter ?
Vat meat can't have hooves , and it certainly does n't ruminate .
Does that mean that no cultured meat is kosher ?
Or that all of it is ?
Or does it stick to its parent species ?
We talked to Rabbi Arnold Bienstock of Congregation Shaarey Tefilla , a Conservative Synagogue in Carmel , Indiana , and asked his opinion on the matter .
" The way any religious issue comes down , in the Jewish community , is the more traditional , pious Orthodox Jews have a hard time accepting change , the Reform embrace it , and the Conservatives fight about it , " said Bienstock , with dry humor .
So it will vary greatly along the various degrees of observation .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Bienstock thinks the Conservatives will be hesitant to adopt artificially raised meat , unless it 's seen as something completely different to its original form .
The Rabbi compared this to two previous cases with kosher food : cheese and gelatin .
Both contain animal products which may not be kosher , so specific variations have to be made for people who are strictly Orthodox .
On the other hand , the Conservative movement viewed these objects as being so far changed and removed from their original source , that they do n't need to be kosher .
Says Bienstock , " these elements are re-defined as not really being meat , as the substance is so incredibly transformed .
So using [ this technology ] the Conservative movement might say it 's not really meat because it does n't come from an animal . "
There you have it .
When cultured meat does finally come to a supermarket near you , there 's a fairly good chance you 'll be able to eat bacon - wrapped shrimp , with your Rabbi 's approval .
Location :
On the last day of the legislative session , the New Jersey Assembly has approved the state 's medical marijuana bill , the Compassionate Use Act , on a vote of 48 - 14 .
The state Senate will vote on it later today .
Outgoing Gov. Jon Corzine ( D ) has said he will sign it .
Look for a feature post on this once the Senate votes .
“ This is going to get very dark , ” reads the headline of a blog posting late Thursday by TalkingPointsMemo ’s Josh Marshall .
Marshall was referring to news reports stating that the alleged primary shooter killed in today ’s rampage at the army base in Fort Hood , Texas , has a “ Muslim - sounding ” name — and what that will mean for the political debate surrounding the shooting in post - 911 America .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The fact that the primary assailant has an Arabic name and is presumably , though we do n’t know this yet , of Muslim extraction if not a practicing Muslim , is going to be the focus of attention , ” Marshall wrote .
And indeed , no sooner had Marshall made his prediction than Fox News made that prediction come true .
In an interview with US Sen .
Kay Bailey Hutchison ( R - TX ) , Fox host Shepard Smith asked : “ The names tells us a lot , does it not , senator ? ”
“ It does , ” Hutchison replied .
“ It does , Shepard . ”
While Smith stressed he was n’t releasing the alleged shooter ’s name because Fox had not been able to corroborate it , ABC News is reporting that the person identified as the main shooter in the violent incident was Major Malik Nadal Hasan .
ADVERTISEMENT
Hasan , if that is indeed the correct name , is now the primary suspect in the rampage that took the lives of 12 people and injured 31 others in Fort Hood , Texas , on Thursday afternoon .
MSNBC reported that Hasan was an army psychiatrist who had been promoted to the rank of major this past May .
Smith told Fox News viewers that the alleged shooter was “ an officer in the US Army who was about to deploy to the war , was upset about the prospect of being deployed to war . ”
Smith stated : “ Can we connect the dot between that and what he did today ?
You can , but we do n’t have the information to say that he was so upset that he went out and shot .
When we can draw [ those connections ] , we will . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from Fox News , broadcast Nov. 5 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
New research by the UK’s University of Warwick and Hamilton College in the US has used the happiness levels of a million individual US citizens to discover which are the best and worst states in which to live in the United States .
New York and Connecticut come bottom of a life - satisfaction league table , and Hawaii and Louisiana are at the top .
The analysis reveals also that happiness levels closely correlate with objective factors such as congestion and air quality across the US ’s 50 states .
The new research published in the elite journal Science on 17th December 2009 is by Professor Andrew Oswald of the UK ’s University of Warwick and Stephen Wu of Hamilton College in the US .
It provides the first external validation of people ’s self - reported levels of happiness .
“ We would like to think this is a breakthrough .
It provides an justification for the use of subjective well - being surveys in the design of government policies , and will be of value to future economic and clinical researchers across a variety of fields in science and social science ” said Professor Oswald .
The researchers examined a 2005 - 2008 Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System random sample of 1.3 million United States citizens in which life - satisfaction in each U.S. state was measured .
This provided a league table of happiness by US State reproduced below .
The researchers decided to use the data to try to resolve one of the most significant issues facing economists and clinical scientists carrying out research into human well - being .
Researchers have to rely on people ’s self declared levels of happiness – but how can one trust those self declarations ?
There have been studies that try to match declared levels of happiness to clinical signs of stress such as blood pressure .
That has been useful , but one cannot know for sure whether those physiological signs are driving happiness or whether the reverse is true .
Researchers have , for decades , longed for a more clearly external scientific check on , and corroboration of , well - being survey answers .
The two researchers stumbled on a parallel approach that allowed them to do such a check .
They discovered research by Stuart Gabriel and colleagues from UCLA published in 2003 which considered objective indicators for each individual State of the USA such as : precipitation ; temperature ; wind speed ; sunshine ; coastal land ; inland water ; public land ; National Parks ; hazardous waste sites ; environmental ‘ greenness ’ ; commuting time ; violent crime ; air quality ; student - teacher ratio ; local taxes ; local spending on education and highways ; cost of living .
This allowed the creation of a rank order of US states showing which should provide the happiest living experience .
This was a truly external data source that could be used to check the self declared levels of happiness ; Gabriel ’s team had no happiness data in 2003 that could allow the check to be completed .
But Professors Oswald and Wu were able to do the first state - by - state USA happiness calculations .
They then obtained Gabriel ’s numbers .
When the two rankings were compared , they found a close correlation between people ’s subjective life - satisfaction scores and objectively estimated quality of life .
The lead author on the study , Professor Andrew Oswald from the University of Warwick , said :
" The beauty of this statistical method is that we are able to look below the surface of American life -- to identify the deep patterns in people 's underlying life satisfaction and happiness from Alabama to Wyoming .
The type of study is new to the United States .
We are the first to be able to do this calculation -- partly because we are fortunate enough to have a random anonymized sample of 1.3 million Americans .
But we could not have done it without the early painstaking work by Gabriel ’s team . "
“ The state - by - state pattern is of interest in itself .
But it also matters scientifically .
We wanted to study whether people 's feelings of satisfaction with their own lives are reliable , that is , whether they match up to reality -- of sunshine hours , congestion , air quality , etc -- in their own state .
And they do match .
When human beings give you an answer on a numerical scale about how satisfied they are with their lives , you should pay attention .
People ’s happiness answers are true , you might say .
This suggests that life - satisfaction survey data might be tremendously useful for governments to use in the design of economic and social policies . ” said Oswald .
Professor Oswald expressed caution in how some of the exact results should be interpreted – for example , for the state of Louisiana in the survey following the disruption in caused by Hurricane Katrina , but was confident that the data on most states was a true reflection of well - being levels saying :
“ We have been asked a lot whether we expected that states like New York and California would do so badly in the happiness ranking .
Having visited and lived in various parts of the US , I am only a little surprised .
Many people think these states would be marvellous places to live in .
The problem is that if too many individuals think that way , they move into those states , and the resulting congestion and house prices make it a non-fulfilling prophecy .
In a way , it is like the stock market .
If everyone thinks it would be great to buy stock X , that stock is generally already overvalued .
Bargains in life are usually found outside the spotlight .
It seems that exactly the same is true of the best places to live . "
1 Louisiana 2 Hawaii 3 Florida 4 Tennessee 5 Arizona 6 Mississippi 7 Montana 8 South Carolina 9 Alabama 10 Maine 11 Alaska 12 North Carolina 13 Wyoming 14 Idaho 15 South Dakota 16 Texas 17 Arkansas 18 Vermont 19 Georgia 20 Oklahoma 21 Colorado 22 Delaware 23 Utah 24 New Mexico 25 North Dakota 26 Minnesota 27 New Hampshire 28 Virginia 29 Wisconsin 30 Oregon 31 Iowa 32 Kansas 33 Nebraska 34 West Virginia 35 Kentucky 36 Washington 37 District of Columbia 38 Missouri 39 Nevada 40 Maryland 41 Pennsylvania 42 Rhode Island 43 Massachusetts 44 Ohio 45 Illinois 46 California 47 Indiana 48 Michigan 49 New Jersey 50 Connecticut 51 New York
Note for Editors : Professor Oswald was able to conduct this research thanks to an ESRC Professorial Fellowships at the University of Warwick .
These ESRC Professorial Fellowships are aimed at leading senior social scientists .
These awards are intended to push back the frontiers of social science by allowing the UK's leading scholars the time and opportunity to carry out cutting edge research that will deepen our understanding of a number of critical social scientific questions in areas that will have an impact on the future of our society .
The provision of salary support , research assistant support and the linking of the Fellowships with PhD studentships is designed to foster high quality and innovative advances in the social sciences .
The Economic and Social Research Council ( ESRC ) is the UK 's largest organisation for funding research on economic and social issues .
For further information please contact :
Professor Andrew Oswald , Department of Economics ,
University of Warwick mobile / cell +44 ( 0)7876 217717
Email : andrew.oswald@warwick.ac.uk
Stephen Wu , Hamilton College US
Email : swu@hamilton.edu
or
Peter Dunn , Head of Communications , University of Warwick
+ 44 ( 0)2476 523708 mobile +44(0)7767 655860
p.j.dunn@warwick.ac.uk
PR134 PJD 17th December 2009
OLD WESTBURY , N.Y . 
Three times a week , Michael Landers takes the Long Island Rail Road to Penn Station .
He rides the subway downtown for two stops , then walks two blocks to SPiN New York , at 23rd Street and Park Avenue South , where for three hours he practices table tennis in his quest to become the best player in the United States .
On the train home , he does his math homework .
At 15 , Landers is the youngest player to win the men ’s national singles championship .
He overcame a three - games - to - one deficit in the best - of - seven final on Dec. 19 in Las Vegas , where controversy almost derailed his bid .
Six of the eight quarterfinalists defaulted after protesting what they considered to be insufficient prize money .
Landers was ushered straight to the final , where he defeated his higher - rated opponent , 26 - year - old Samson Dubina .
The title is expected to boost Landers ’s national ranking into the top 25 .
On a broader level , he is hoping it will enhance the sport ’s popularity in the United States .
He is drafting letters to athletic apparel companies like Adidas to get involved with table tennis .
“ As opposed to a 30 - year - old guy , I ’m so young that people might actually listen to me if I write in about Ping Pong , ” Landers said .
- video encodings still in process -
Tucker Carlson was in tonight for Sean Hannity , and he was discussing the plight of California farmers , who have had their water supply cut off to their farms .
Why ?
Becomes some environmental whackos value the 2 " " delta smelt " fish over CA farmers feeding their families , as well as all American families .
California has let this sore fester , and Sean has been talking about it for a long time .
Over the weekend , 60 Minutes did a segment on it , but California Representative Devin Nunes of the San Joaquin Valley said the 60 Minutes special was 75 % about Gov. Schwarzenegger and not specifically about the farmers ' plight .
Can someone please tell me why we give more of a damn about a 2 " fish over California families ?
It really is the land of ' fruits and nuts , ' ai n't it ?
Marcel Hilzinger
Norway 's national broadcasting and TV facility NRK is intent on using the Open Document Format as a standard and is therefore changing its clients over to OpenOffice .
Norway appreciates free standards .
After the government a year ago recommended Ogg Vorbis , FLAC and Ogg Theora next to their commercial alternatives MP3 and H.264 as standards for audio and video files , this year it focuses on ODF as the standard document format .
According to the governmnent 's Reference Catalog for IT Standards , the recommendation should become binding in January of 2011 .
The first larger institution , Norway 's national radio and TV corporation , Norsk rikkringkasting ( NRK ) , is now taking the move to OpenOffice seriously .
The conversion is based on the better ODF support , therefore the NRK is running many of its clients on Mac OS X because the Mac version of Microsoft 's Office Suite does n't support the open document format .
Another reason for the move is the Microsoft Office licensing costs .
From the first of March the majority of the 4,300 NRK clients will run OpenOffice as the standard .
The 850 or so Mac systems will get OpenOffice installed in the coming weeks , even thin clients will use it .
Only administrative systems will continue to use both office suite versions , with users to decide which one they prefer .
Successful Pilot Project
Before the announced conversion , the NRK has already begun a successful pilot project in Tyholt that , according to project leader Steinar Bjørlykke , surprisingly went without a hitch .
Only a couple of Visual Basic scripts and template layouts caused some problems with a few documents with embedded audio files , which was resolved with some plugins .
Visual Basic was to be avoided as much as possible for the scripting problem .
A benefit was also noticed in that OpenOffice opened some Word and Excel documents significantly faster than the corresponding Microsoft programs .
Source : NRKbeta site
Pl�cker Coordinates for the Rest of Us by Lionel Brits
Ever since the first Battlefront game the series has revolved around the unsung soldiers of the battlefield instead of the heroes of the Star Wars Universe .
Star Wars Battlefront : Elite Squadron takes the series in a new direction by following a specific character rather than the unnamed infantrymen .
Elite Squadron is the first DS installment of the Battlefront series and it spans the entire saga of the Star Wars films as well as some of the New Republic storyline after Return of the Jedi .
Throughout the entirety of Elite Squadron you follow a special clone trooper named X2 .
Yes , his name is X2 and they always call him X2 .
With his brother X1 , also always called X1 , they fight with the Republic during the Clone Wars .
When the Republic betrays the Jedi Order X1 sides with the Republic , now turning into the Empire , while X2 sides with the Jedi and then the Rebel Alliance later on .
The overall story is not bad , but it has been done before in other Star Wars games .
The interesting thing about the story is viewing the famous battles from the films from the perspective of the Elite Squadron because it is often quite different from the views shown in the movies .
Elite Squadron is split up into actual missions and segments that tell you part of the story before and after each mission .
The missions themselves are in 3D while the story telling segments are a series of more detailed drawn images .
The 3D is not bad for the DS , but it is not the best either .
Some of the models are blocky , but you can still tell different units apart on the field so you never feel like you are fighting random blobs that do n’t look like anything .
I also noticed that when there was a lot happening on screen the frame rate rarely dropped .
The game flowed very smoothly with occasional minor hiccups .
What I really enjoyed was looking at the artwork during the story before and after the missions .
Even though there are limited cut scenes , the detailed artwork helps breathe life into the story .
The best part is there are 39 different pieces of artwork to look at and after you finish the story you can go into the extras menu and look through all of them .
The music in Elite Squadron is exactly what any Star Wars fan will expect .
The soundtrack is ripped from the films and throughout the game you will hear many of the epic and memorable pieces .
Normally this would look lazy , but if any Star Wars game did not have the iconic and familiar soundtrack it would feel incomplete .
Overall the music is tied in to the missions well and since the game is set in the Star Wars Universe , it works .
A disappointing aspect of the audio is the sparse voice acting found in the game .
The entire story is told through text and the only voices you will hear come from the random soldiers yelling around you .
Every now and then you will hear one of your soldiers yell something along the lines of “ for the Rebellion , ” or you will hear a stormtrooper say the iconic “ rebel scum ” line .
While the lines are not badly done , they are positioned too far apart and when someone yells something the game feels more artificial than it would if the voice acting was taken out altogether .
When you start playing Elite Squadron you may notice that it is different than previous Battlefront installments .
Instead of giving you the traditional third - person shooter feel like in the other games , this one opts for a top down view .
With that view point and the linear levels the game feels more like a Star Wars dungeon crawler .
However , that is not a bad thing at all and that style of game play works .
The only thing bad about it is some Battlefront fans might not get what they expected .
Almost every mission is broken up into an on foot section and a starship piloting section .
The on foot parts of the missions are linear and straightforward .
They usually involve either pushing a button or destroying a computer to progress further in the level .
The only problem with these sections is the lock - on system .
Sometimes it auto - targets an enemy effortlessly , but other times you will be right next to someone you are trying to kill and you have to keep pressing the L button until the game decides to lock - on to that particular enemy .
Needless to say , even with the finicky lock - on system you will be destroying many a stormtrooper and battle droid throughout these segments .
At certain points in each level you can choose to change classes .
The four classes are assault , heavy , engineer and spy .
Each class has its own signature style and special perks .
At some points the game forces you to change classes to pass certain obstacles , but most of the time I chose the heavy class and laid waste to many of the enemies with my minigun sometimes before they even got onto the screen .
There are a variety of boss fights in the game and they are always on foot .
Unlike the levels , which are usually pretty easy to fly through , some of the boss fights require you to figure out a strategy to win .
This made the boss fights enjoyable and it was a good break from shooting down squads of random enemies .
The other main section of the missions is the dogfights in space .
Most of them require destroying a set number of enemy ships and none of them are very difficult .
You are restricted to moving only left and right while the up and down buttons speed you up and slow you down respectively .
Since the enemies fly on the same plane as you it is easy to hit an enemy you ca n’t even see just by looking at your radar .
This system made the flying sections rather boring , but most of them are not that long .
In addition to the on foot and space sections of Elite Squadron there are some levels that put you in either a ground vehicle or a turret .
The ground vehicle sections require you to get from point A to point B in a speeder without hitting anything or getting shot down .
These are generally enjoyable and pleasantly break up the flow of walking around and shooting enemies .
The turret sections require you to destroy a certain number of targets before they destroy an object of importance and overall they feel like artificial and not needed extensions to the single player game , even though it is very short .
After finishing the single player there is a multiplayer mode attached to this game as well .
You and up to three friends can get on the DS wireless connection and play a few different game types .
You can either all go head to head or team up against each other and fight through different levels on the ground , in capital ships and in space .
There is also a hero mode , which lets you choose different lightsaber wielding heroes and villains in a free - for - all match .
These modes are fun for a little while , but you wo n’t be going to this game for an optimal multiplayer experience .
Elite Squadron is a promising introduction for the Battlefront series on the DS .
This installment gives you a decent , but predictable story about the ever - growing conflict between the light and dark side , good graphics , a classic and enjoyable soundtrack and a style of game play new to Battlefront .
Elite Squadron is very fun to play , but with my single player campaign clocking in at just over 3 hours and 15 minutes and multiplayer modes that are not very engaging , I ca n’t see many people keeping this game for longer than a weekend rental period of time .
– — – — – — – — – –
Talkto most astronomers , and you 'll find that they have a thing about the fullmoon .
The reason is that a full moon is the No. 1 cause of natural lightpollution .
Its brilliant light floods the night sky , dimming all the stars andnebulae , causing astronomers to pack away their telescopes and watch televisioninstead .
However , to dedicated skywatchers , the moon has its own fascination , especially when itis full , as it will be Friday night ?
the first full moon of 2010 and thebiggest full moon this year .
After all , this is the only object in the solarsystem on which we can see a wealth of detailwithout any optical aid whatsoever .
Thefullmoon is particularly appealing at this time of year when it rises justaround sunset and rides high in the southern sky most of the night .
In fact themoon will appear almost full tonight and Saturday night , too .
The Moon 's orbit is not a perfect circle , and Friday night 's full moon willcoincide with the moon 's perigee ?
it 's closest point to Earth .
So this will bethe biggest full moon of 2010 .
Thefirst thing to look for is the man in the moon , or perhaps you can more easilysee the woman in the moon or even the rabbit in the moon .
One way or another , you can probably see a pattern of some sort in the play of bright and darkmarkings across the moon 's face .
Thedarker areas are known as maria ( singular mare , Latin for sea ) , though theyhave never seen a drop of water in the last four billion years .
The lighterareas are mostly cratered highlands , where relatively recent asteroids havecrashed into the moon 's surface , exposing bright rock beneath the surface .
Thelargest dark area on the moon , on the left side , is actually called an" ocean " : the Oceanus Procellarum or Ocean of Storms .
Just above it , and almost as large , is the Mare Imbrium or Sea of Showers .
Opposite Imbrium onthe right side of the moon is a triangle of three smaller " seas " : the Mare Serenitatis ( Sea of Serenity ) , Mare Tranquillitatis ( Sea of Tranquility ) and Mare Crisium ( Sea of Crises ) .
Althoughthere are smaller seas , most of the rest of the moon 's near side is highlands , covered with hundreds of craters .
By far the most prominent of these is Tycho , named for Tycho Brahe , the greatest astronomer of the sixteenth century .
Thiscrater is brilliantly white , and is the source of a huge system of rays : brightlinear features which encircle the globe of the moon .
The Tycho ray system , along with several smaller ray systems , are best seen when the moon is full .
Thereis a whole set of traditional full moon names for the various full moonsthroughout the year .
This , the first full moon of the year , is known as the OldMoon .
Other names are Wolf Moon , Moon After Yule , and Ice Moon .
In Hindi it isknown as Paush Poornima .
Its Sinhala ( Buddhist ) name is Duruthu Poya .
MoreMoon Info :
The Disappearing Moon : Why and Where it Hides
Moon Mechanics : What Really Makes Our World Go ' Round
Moon Myths : The Truth About Lunar Effects on You
Top 10 Amazing Moon Facts
SkywatchingGuides :
Thisarticle was provided to SPACE.com by Starry Night Education , theleader in space science curriculum solutions .
What do your cell - phone and a brain scan have in common ?
Both need clear signals for optimal efficacy .
Doctors often have to work with sketchy data when it comes to brain scans -- but the solution to that problem is n't one that many patients will clamor to try .
A new study to be published in a forthcoming issue of the Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience says the best way to get clearer EEG brain scans is to remove a part of the skull .
For years , doctors have been treating patients who have suffered severe head trauma like a gunshot or knife wound by cutting out a chunk of the skull - - a procedure called a hemicraniectomy .
This gives the brain room to swell , and when the wound heals they re-attach the chunk of skull .
Neuroscientist Bradley Voytek of the University of California at Berkeley , the lead author of this study , worked with hemicraniectomy patients and utilized this window to see how the skull acts as a barrier to EEG 's - - a brain scan that is done to assess the brain 's electrical activity .
Wired reports that the patients were instructed to peform simple tasks :
During these tasks the team measured a patient ’s brain waves on both sides of his head .
On one side , just a thin flap of skin separated the brain from the EEG electrode , while on the other side the skull was intact .
Signals from the skull - free side were , unsurprisingly , much stronger , less noisy and easier to pinpoint to a specific task and region of the brain .
The study not only offers a creepy way to get clearer brain scans , it also suggests another way to situate neural implants , like the kind that may one day be used by paralyzed people to relay their brain signals to prosthetic limbs .
Researchers note that it 's difficult to maintain a long - term electrode in the brain , but some delicate brain signals are n't strong enough to be read from outside the skull .
By drilling a small hole into the skull and placing the electrode on the outermost surface of the brain , the researchers think they might obtain better brain signals .
Related Content : 80 beats : Researcher Updates His Twitter Feed Using Only Brainwaves 80 beats : Study : Brain Scans Diagnose PTSD with 90 Percent Accuracy 80 beats : Electrodes Stuck in the Brain Show How Thought Becomes Speech 80 beats : Play Tetris , Get a More Efficient & Thicker Brain DISCOVER : Brains Don't LieImage : Bradley Voytek
By now , you ’ve probably seen this very interesting video .
It imagines what it would look like if Earth had rings like those of Saturn !
This is a very cool idea , and it went viral pretty quickly when it came out a few weeks ago .
And of course I ’m for anything that increases people ’s interest in astronomy .
But the nitpicker in me ca n’t resist thinking the idea through a little more .
The video is accurate as far as it goes , discussing the geometry of the rings and the viewing angles .
But it makes some assumptions that , in real life ( if you can say such a thing ) , are worth investigating further .
Note : some of this is speculation on my part , based on my knowledge of astronomy and some reading I ’ve done on rings .
I would n’t take this as gospel ( I would n’t take anything as gospel ) ; instead think of it as idle brain stimulation .
With this ring , I thee shred
earthrings
Earth with rings image courtesy Damien Bouic .
First , could Earth have rings ?
Sure !
It ’s unclear exactly how Saturn ( or the other four outer giant planets ) got their rings , but there is more than one mechanism to create them .
A small moon could get hit by an asteroid or comet , shattering it .
An impact on the Earth itself , if it were big enough , could create rings ( the impact that formed the Moon billions of years ago may have done just that ) .
That would kinda suck for us , though .
Saturn ’s moon Enceladus has geysers which may resupply the planet ’s A and E rings ( though that ’s more of a replenishment than actually creating them ) .
Rings of rock and ice
OK , so Earth could have rings .
But would they last ?
That ’s an interesting question .
Saturn ’s rings are made of ice , but Saturn is 1.4 billion kilometers ( 850 million miles ) from the Sun , where things are cold .
At the Earth ’s distance from the Sun , small ice particles would quickly be destroyed by sunlight ( regular old sunlight would help sublimate the ice from a solid to a gas , and UV light would break apart water molecules ) .
So if the Earthrings were made of ice like Saturn ’s they ’d disappear pretty quickly , certainly on a timescale far shorter than the age of the Earth .
If the Earthrings were made of rock they might last a longer time .
Pressure from sunlight might be an important thing to think about for the smallest particles ( though they would also be replenished as bigger particles grind together ) … as well as perturbations from the Sun ’s and Moon ’s gravity .
To be honest that ’s a bit above my pay grade to do that calculation ( and it looks like long - term stability would really be an issue ) , but let ’s assume that small pebbles and such could last long enough to give Earth a ring system .
Would Earthrings look like they did in that video ?
Does this ring make me look fat ?
hst saturn
Well , yes and no .
They would still be bright enough to see at night .
Ice is shiny , which is one reason Saturn ’s rings are so bright .
Rock is much duller , so the Earthrings would n’t be quite so shiny .
But the Moon is made of rock that is very dark , yet is incredibly bright in the night sky .
It ’s safe to assume the rings would be obvious at night then , too .
One interesting bit : the rings would look different if you were seeing sunlight reflected off them versus seeing the Sun through them .
Sunlight seen through them would be reddened if the rings were dusty , just like a sunset looks very red if there is haze and junk in the air .
Saturn ’s rings look very different when Cassini has taken images showing them from the unlit side .
So in the summer the rings might look one way when you see sunlight reflected off them , and different in the winter when they are seen from the unlit side .
Would they be visible during the day ?
I think so , since the Moon is easily visible during the day .
Being close and broad , they should be bright enough to spot above the brightness of the sky itself .
God of the gaps
What about the structure ?
In the video they simply took Saturn ’s rings and transposed them on the Earth .
But that ’s not really accurate , because of the gaps .
mimas deathstar
If Mimas really were a Death Star , clearing a gap in the rings would be a lot easier .
Saturn ’s rings are not a simple disk , but actually made up of thousands of separate rings .
The big dark gap in the rings is called the Cassini Division , discovered by the astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini in the 17th century .
Saturn ’s moon Mimas is responsible for that gap ; any particle in the Cassini Division orbits Saturn in half the time Mimas does , and so it feels a periodic tug from the moon ( called a resonance ) .
That pulls the particles clear from that region , carving a gap .
Other broad gaps in the rings are from other moon resonances , while some of the narrow ones are from small moons in the gaps gravitationally clearing out nearby ring particles .
So the actual Earthrings would look substantially different than in the video .
There may not be any major gaps in the rings , or there might be numerous smaller ones ( which would n’t be hard to see from the ground ) .
The color would be different , too
saturn ring profile
Saturn ’s rings , annotated with names and distance from the center of the planet .
Click to embiggen beyond your wildest dreams .
One ring to rue them all
How would this affect life on Earth ?
They would be more than just pretty features !
The shadow they cast would change the amount of sunlight reaching the ground ; in the northern hemisphere summer the Earthring shadow would be cast on the southern hemisphere ( where it would be winter ) , and vice - versa .
That means winters in both hemispheres might be somewhat colder .
Plants would have to adapt to the lessened amount of light .
The actual diminution of light would depend on how wide and how thick the rings are , too .
Ground - based optical astronomy would be screwed pretty well .
It ’s hard enough to observe when the Moon is out ; imagine a sky filled with rings !
It would actually be difficult to see stars at all if you lived at latitudes where the rings ate up a goodly - sized piece of the sky .
I wonder how legends and myths would be changed on such an Earth ?
And the Earthrings would certainly affect space travel !
They would be a major hazard to spaceflight ; you really would n’t want to plow through them at several kilometers per second unless breathing vacuum is something you enjoy .
Also , the rings would be located in the very worst possible place : right over the Earth ’s equator .
That ’s the best place to put satellites — they ’re easier to launch near the equator ( you get a boost of 1600 kph from the Earth ’s spin that way ) and that ’s where you want to put geosynchronous satellites for weather and communications .
A lot of astronomical ( and no doubt spy ) satellites are in polar orbits , but again you would n’t want them plunging through the rings twice each orbit .
Space debris is a bad enough problem now with all the junk in orbit ; having billions of particles out there would n’t help any !
So the Earthrings would be incredible , and lovely , and ethereal , but they would come at a terrible cost : astronomy and space travel .
I ’m sure we ’d figure out some way to launch rockets anyway — giant absorbing puffy shields around rockets , maybe — but that would come with its own cost of high mass , which makes getting to orbit that much harder .
Ringing off
So all in all , it ’s fun to think about , and remarkable to simulate and actually see in an animation — what a sight they would be ! — but all in all , I think I like the Earth the way it is .
earthrings rosetta
Image courtesy Damien Bouic .
Kudos to Puck Daddy 's Sean Leahy who got this from Arron Asham 's post game comments :
" There was a scrum , I grabbed him .
There were two guys on Harts and my glove got tangled in his mouth and he bit me , so I lost it .
It ’s not bad , but he ’s a gutless guy .
I have no respect for him at all .
I lined up against him and asked him to fight and he did n’t want to .
If you go and bite someone … I just have no use for him .
He does his job well .
He ’s an agitator .
He ’s garbage to me and I have no respect for him at all .
You should have a little more honor than that .
Usually if you bite somebody you stick up for yourself and you fight the guy .
Not this guy , he ’s chicken and I have no respect for him .
He plays the game hard and I respect him for that , but he yaps , he ’s a dirty player .
At least a guy like ( Sean ) Avery fights .
This guy is just chicken ( bleep ) and I hate him .
It would have been better if he dropped the gloves with me , but he ’s got no stones . "
We all remember the brouhaha from earlier in the season when Philly 's Scott Hartnell " allegedly " bit the hand of the Penguins ' Kris Letang .
Also for Pittsburgh , it was a good thing that Cooke did n't fight , as he went on to score the game winning goal on the power play later in the third , shortly after the scrum with Asham .
As for the alleged incident , if a bite takes place my stance is the same as when Letang 's finger was bleeding : the NHL should investigate and look to take disciplinary measures to send the obvious message that this type of behavior is not tolerated amongst people older than 3 years of age .
Being as the NHL took no action against Hartnell , I would expect likely the same fate for Cooke from the league , but tempers will definitely be flaring again the next time Pittsburgh and Philly meets ( which will be March 27th in Pittsburgh ) .
UPDATE : After the jump , the Youtube video of the incident , from special contributor GhostWalker40 .
Baghdad , Iraq ( CNN ) --
The U.S. military has dropped a controversial rule that called for punishing soldiers in northern Iraq for becoming pregnant or impregnating another soldier .
The updated policy " does not include a pregnancy provision , " said Maj .
Joe Scrocca , spokesman for U.S. Forces - Iraq .
The military also said that any unit must get the permission of the commander of U.S. Forces - Iraq before creating new rules restricting the activity of troops , Scrocca said .
Maj . Gen. Anthony Cucolo created the rule about pregnancy , covering 22,000 people under his command in northern Iraq , including 1,682 women .
Cucolo said he designed the rule to make his soldiers " think before they act . "
It prohibited " becoming nondeployable for reasons within the control of the soldier , " including " becoming pregnant or impregnating a soldier ... resulting in the redeployment of the pregnant soldier . "
Cucolo made the rule part of General Order No. 1 .
While violation of any rules in the general order could lead to court - martial , Cucolo insisted that he never intended such a drastic punishment for pregnancy .
All units have a general order that outlines a code of conduct .
Commanders have been allowed to add to those rules but not allowed to make the rules any more lax .
But in an e-mail Friday to CNN , Scrocca wrote that from now on , " all requests by subordinate units to impose further restrictions of activities addressed in General Order No. 1 will require approval of the USF - I commander . "
Cucolo had no immediate response .
His division said he was spending Christmas Day visiting soldiers .
" It is our understanding that there will be no subordinate command general orders below United States Forces - Iraq .
Therefore , as soldiers we will comply , " Maj . Jeff Allen of the Multi-National Division North wrote in an e-mail to CNN .
Defending the rule last week , Cucolo said he alone would decide each case based on the individual circumstances .
To date , he said , there have been eight cases of women getting pregnant while deployed under his command .
Four were given letters of reprimand that were put in their local files , which means the letters would n't end up in their permanent files and they would n't be a factor under consideration for promotions .
The four others found out they were pregnant soon after deployment ; no disciplinary action was taken since they were not impregnated while deployed .
In all cases , the women were sent back to the United States for medical care , as is military policy .
Each has the right to submit a letter in her own defense to be included in her file .
Of the men involved , three were reprimanded , Cucolo said .
One , a sergeant , was given a more severe punishment of a written reprimand in his permanent file because he fraternized with a subordinate and committed adultery .
A letter in the permanent file can affect a person 's career because it is evaluated when a service member is considered for promotion .
A fourth man was never reprimanded because the pregnant soldier refused to identify who the father was , and Cucolo did not pursue the issue .
Cucolo said he expected some controversy .
" But I was also willing to deal with this attention because this is important , " he said .
" I am responsible and accountable for the fighting ability of my task force .
I 've got to take every measure to preserve my combat power , and that 's the reason . "
Teabagger Nearly Has Stroke Scrawling This Four - Page Threat , Which He Faxed Upside Down
What Went Wrong
Dr Farrukh Saleem , Date : November 08 , 2005
The combined annual GDP of 57 Muslim countries remains under $ 2 trillion .
America , just by herself , produces goods and services worth $ 10.4 trillion ; China $ 5.7 trillion , Japan $ 3.5 trillion and Germany $ 2.1 trillion .
Even India ’s GDP is estimated at over $ 3 trillion ( purchasing power parity basis ) .
Oil rich Saudi Arabia , U.A.E. , Kuwait and Qatar collectively produce goods and services ( mostly oil ) worth $ 430 billion ; Netherlands alone has a higher annual GDP while Buddhist Thailand produces goods and services worth $ 429 billion .
Muslims are 22 percent of the world population and produce less than five percent of global GDP .
Even more worrying is that the Muslim countries ’
GDP as a percent of the global GDP is going down over time .
The Arabs , it seems , are particularly worse off .
According to the United Nations ’ Arab Development Report : “ Half of Arab women cannot read ;
One in five Arabs live on less than $ 2 per day ; Only 1 percent of the Arab population has a personal computer , and only half of 1 percent use the Internet ; Fifteen percent of the Arab workforce is unemployed , and this number could double by 2010 ;
The average growth rate of the per capita income during the preceding 20 years in the Arab world was only one - half of 1 percent per annum , worse than anywhere but sub-Saharan Africa . ”
The planet ’s poorest countries include Ethiopia , Sierra Leone , Afghanistan , Cambodia , Somalia , Nigeria , Pakistan and Mozambique .
At least six of the poorest of the poor are countries with a Muslim majority .
Conclusion : Muslims of the world are among the poorest of the poor .
Fifty - seven Muslim majority countries have an average of ten universities each for a total of less than 600 universities for 1.4 billion people ; India has 8,407 universities , the U.S. has 5,758 .
From within 1.4 billion Muslims Abdus Salam and Ahmed Zewail are the only two Muslim men who won a Nobel Prize in physics and chemistry ( Salam pursued his scientific work in Italy and the UK , Zewail at California Institute of Technology ) .
Dr Salam in his home country is not even considered a Muslim .
Over the past 105 years , 1.4 billion Muslims have produced eight Nobel Laureates while a mere 14 million Jews have produced 167 Nobel Laureates .
Of the 1.4 billion Muslims less than 300,000 qualify as ‘ scientists ’ , and that converts to a ratio of 230 scientists per one million Muslims .
The United States of America has 1.1 million scientists ( 4,099 per million ) ; Japan has 700,000 ( 5,095 per million ) .
Fact :
Of the 1.4 billion Muslims 800 million are illiterate ( 6 out of 10 Muslims cannot read ) .
In Christendom , adult literacy rate stands at 78 percent .
Consider , for instance , that Muslims constitute 22 percent of world population with a 1 percent share of Nobel Prizes .
Jews constitute 0.23 percent of world population with a 22 percent share of Nobel Prizes .
What really went wrong ?
Muslims are poor , illiterate and weak .
What went wrong ?
Arriving at the right diagnosis is extremely critical because the prescription depends on it .
Consider this :
Diagnosis 1 : Muslims are poor , illiterate and weak because they have ‘ abandoned the divine heritage of Islam ’ .
Prescription :
We must return to our real or imagined past .
Diagnosis 2 : Muslims are poor , illiterate and weak because we have refused to change with time .
Keep pace with time — al Quran
Douglas A. Blackmon is the Atlanta bureau chief of the Wall Street Journal and winner of the 2009 Pulitzer Prize for general nonfiction for his extraordinary book , Slavery by Another Name : The Re-Enslavement of Black Americans from the Civil War to World War II .
Because of the depth of today ’s subject matter and the length of the answer , only one question from the interview will be featured .
This is part 3 of 4 .
( Click for Part 1 and Part 2 . )
MD : Willie Clark , a 90 year - old lifelong resident of Pratt City , Alabama , told you of stories he had received from his father of some workers who died in the mines and were , at the instruction of company officials , not buried , but tossed into the red - hot coke ovens on the property .
When I read this , I could not help but think of Auschwitz and Bergen - Belsen .
As you studied through this , besides the dehumanizing aspects used by the Nazi regime , did you find anything else where you thought , “ Gosh , this is like what happened in Nazi Germany ” ?
Blackmon : Yes .
There are all kinds of parallels .
It is important to say at the front , that you cannot compare infinite anything to infinite anything , so you ca n’t compare infinite evil .
What I would say is , what happened to African Americans during the period of time was the product of infinite evil as was the case with what happened to the Jews in Nazi Germany .
There is no unit of measurement with which to measure infinity , so it is risky to compare them ; however , there are all sorts of valid comparisons .
There are lessons in general for all humanity and certainly for the Western world .
There are lessons on why the Holocaust was so terrible , why it was more than the murder of 6 million Jews .
There are lessons of memory :
How do we remember these events and why ?
But the fundamental similarity between these two things was , in fact , by virtue of the exercise of the dehumanizing of a minority group of people which was the gateway to a sequence of events aimed at their ultimate destruction .
As it was , the United States had a tremendous genocidal impulse toward African Americans , but it was tempered by a utilitarianism that recognized these individuals were so fundamental to the economic system that no one would have comprehended killing them all as a solution .
Though the United States had decided , in the case of the subset of Native Americans , to just kill off so many of them that the rest will get out of sight .
So Americans felt pretty comfortable with genocide by that point and was really helped by that , just as was the case in Germany .
Then there was the onset of Darwinism , since in the early years of Darwinism - having nothing to do with Darwin himself - when the interpretations of all this science were pretty terrible .
There were those who thought the theory did lead to different levels of humans .
And if there were different levels of humans , then some were inferior to others , so that some would die away and some would survive .
So this idea that validated the notion that whites are the supreme form of man and it ’s okay if the less supreme forms die away was the basis of the Holocaust , was the basis of what happened in convict lease and was the basis for what happened with the American Indians .
This all comes from the same place , but the African Americans were saved by the necessity for them to be around to grow cotton .
Fortunately , by the time technology had evolved to the point that the physical labor was no longer needed , the genocidal impulse had died away .
But back in the 1860s and 1870s there was a lot of conversation about shipping all the blacks away or one way or another getting rid of them .
Had African Americans not been so critical to cotton farming , Americans would have turned to a much more organized kind of genocide , I suspect , or expulsion to Africa , which itself would have been a genocidal act .
All of this is only possible if you dehumanize these individuals .
But in a more specific kind of way , Hitler talked about drawing many of his ideas from the segregation practices of the United States and there was a great exchange of ideas between German scientists and American scientists in the field of genetics .
At the time , it was all in the vein of this white supremacy .
Hitler was very aware that America was the first place to come up with the beginnings of an apartheid structure , so those ideas were adopted and adapted to be much more constraining in Germany .
The key element in the south , then , of perverting the criminal justice system into an instrument of injustice against blacks , was the exception of the 13th amendment , which states a person may not be placed in involuntary servitude except in the case of persons duly convicted of a crime .
The idea was , then , that people could be enslaved if they had been duly convicted .
The south began to change thousands of laws to make it effectively impossible for a black person to live in the south and not be in violation of some law at some time .
This is particularly true when laws are written that are on their face unconstitutional since they cannot really be defined , such as making it a crime to disturb white women on a train .
What does that mean to “ disturb ” ?
Only a black man would ever be charged with disturbing a white woman .
These kinds of laws were only enforced against blacks and the south came up with all these types of laws and piled them on and piled them on to criminalize black life .
The most notorious of them all was the law that made it a crime for a farm worker to seek employment from one farmer without first getting permission from his current employer .
That was explicitly to say , ‘ You can not leave the place you are in without getting permission from the white man , ’ which is enslavement in its own way .
If a worker attempted to do it , then he would be enslaved through the criminal justice system .
Since this whole process was being invented in America , having not been done before , it took several decades , from the 1870s to around the first decade of the 20th century , to create this world where the black man , unless he never speaks a word , never crosses the line and never asks for anything other than what is being offered to him is in jeopardy of all these terrible things happening to him .
That ’s similar to the anti-thrift laws of 1936 , when Germany adopted a code of law that penalized behavior in the same way .
In the year Dachau was opened , the people who were held were not Jews who were rounded up because they were Jews , they were enemies of the state who had violated German law .
Then all of those Jews not in Dachau were terrified by the laws and the system and changed their lives in the kinds of ways needed to avoid the penalties involved .
Then the level of brutality , the abject indifference to whether the person would survive , also has its own set of parallels .
You did not have a point in the convict lease system where all the needed work had been finished , so that a decision would be made to kill them all in an organized way .
But there are all these other echoes and the fact that at the Pratt Mines , as was reported by Willie Clark , bodies of dead workers were tossed into the fires and that ’s the reason I put it in the book .
And who ’s to say how much that happened ?
There are n’t any U.S. Steel records like the Germans kept , but we do know that those who were n’t thrown into ovens were just thrown into a hole out in a field .
There are one or two photographs of those “ burials . ”
The would just dig ditches as fast as they could , throw a bunch of bodies in with no record of who ’s there or who ’s where .
Slavery By Another Name can be ordered through the link below .
You pay the same as going directly to Amazon.com and I get a referral fee .
Thanks for supporting martyduren.com .
In recent years , several published reports have assured the public that all is well with the global petroleum supply , citing new oil - production technologies and a record - high oil - reserve figure .
Oil production has exceeded demand since late 1997 , driving oil prices downward .
Global oil consumption , however , is continuing to increase while new oil discoveries decrease .
Petroleum is a finite resource , and the production rate will peak and then permanently decline when approximately half of the producible resource has been consumed .
The United States has already experienced this ; petroleum production in the United States has been in decline since 1970 despite new production technologies and energetic exploration .
At recent rates of increase in oil production , the peak in global petroleum production will arrive in about 2008 .
All is not well with the global petroleum supply , and our society must begin to prepare for the changes that a declining petroleum supply will bring .
This is a paper that was published back in 2000 in the Journal of Geoscience Education .
What is unusual about it is that it forecast a peak in oil production in 2008 .
The author was a young woman named Marie Plummer Minniear , who was studying for her master 's degree at the University of Toledo .
Her advisor was geologist Craig Bond Hatfield .
This piece was written before many current writers ( such as Matt Simmons and Richard Heinberg ) started writing about the issue .
Many thanks to Chris Kuykendall for bringing this paper to our attention .
Forecasting the Permanent Decline in Global Petroleum Production
In recent years , geologists who warn of the impending oil crisis have come under increasing criticism , often from economists .
An example appeared in Business Week magazine in 1997 .
The authors reported that geologists have a long history of underestimating oil reserves , citing an example from 1874 when the Pennsylvania state geologist " direly warned that ' the U.S. [ has ] enough petroleum to keep its kerosene lamps burning for only four years ' " ( Coy , McWilliams , and Rossant , 1997 ) .
Coy , McWilliams , and Rossant also note that oil reserves are at an all - time high and emphasize ever improving technologies , unconventional petroleum resources , and the law of supply and demand .
They concede that " nature only gave us so much oil , " yet perpetuate the mistaken idea that our economy is in no danger from reduced oil production and rising oil prices .
In fact , Massachusetts Institute of Technology energy researcher Michael C. Lynch is quoted as saying , " Oil - price forecasters make sheep seem like independent thinkers … [ t ] here 's no evidence that mineral prices rise over time .
Technology always overwhelms depletion " ( Coy , McWilliams , and Rossant , 1997 ) .
Similar arguments are provided by Adelman and Lynch ( 1997 ) and Linden ( 1998 ) .
Such arguments commonly point out failed predictions of oil crises that go back a century or so .
Everyone , however , agrees that oil is a finite resource .
This means that the permanent decline in global production of conventional petroleum unquestionably is approaching .
The important question is :
When will it arrive ?
Petroleum geology has benefited greatly from advances in technology and increased knowledge .
So much more is now known than 100 years ago that it logically follows that recent assessments are more reliable than the older ones .
Some early forecasts , however , have proved to be remarkably accurate .
In 1956 , for example , M. King Hubbert published an estimate of the peak and subsequent permanent decline in crude - oil production for the contiguous 48 United States .
Central to this prediction was the concept that for any petroleum - producing region characterized by unrestricted production , the permanent decline in production would begin when approximately half of the total producible resource had been consumed .
According to Hubbert ( 1956 ) , the peak in U.S. crudeoil production would occur between 1966 and 1971 , based on estimates of ultimately recoverable oil ( all oil that will have been produced by the time of exhaustion of the producible resource ) of 150 billion to 200 billion barrels .
The peak arrived in 1970 , and crude - oil production in the United States has been in decline ever since .
Figure 1 illustrates the accuracy of Dr. Hubbert 's 1956 forecast .
Figure 2 shows the history of global petroleum production , which , of course , is still increasing , as was U.S. oil production prior to 1970 .
Previous estimates , like the 1874 prediction referred to by Coy , McWilliams , and Rossant ( 1997 ) , were the product of limited information .
But even then , geologists recognized the finite nature of fossil fuels .
Their numbers were in error , but the concept was not .
It is also true that improvements in technology and resulting lower production costs have made previously inaccessible or unprofitable deposits now viable .
However , the newly profitable fields are too small to make a significant contribution to the global reserves or supply .
For example , Business Week proclaims , " The British - Borneo platform can profitably drain fields with as little as 30 million barrels , ' and we 'll probably push it lower ' … " ( Coy , McWilliams , and Rossant , 1997 ) .
While this is good news for the oil companies , 30 million barrels represents one - half of one day of global production at the 1997 level and even less today ( American Petroleum Institute , 1998 ) .
If it is possible for new production technology to allow the production rate to continue to grow beyond the mid-point of ultimate production , then the subsequent decline in production rate will be accelerated .
Figure 1 . History of crude - oil production in the 48 contiguous United States - ( in billion of barrels ) .
( Modified from Hubbert , 1956 . )
Figure 2 . Global petroleum production 1895 – 1997 ( in billion of barrels ) .
The supply - and - demand cycle is familiar to all but does not apply indefinitely to petroleum or any other finite resource .
It assures us that any shortage will create higher prices as demand exceeds supply ; the higher prices then cause an increase in the supply , thereby meeting the demand and eliminating the shortage .
These relationships are valid for renewable resources and have proven true for conventional petroleum in the past ; however , after conventional petroleum production enters permanent decline , supply will continue to dwindle despite the escalating cost .
No amount of money can supply a product that no longer exists , no matter how great the demand .
This is not to suggest that our global oil supply will abruptly dry up and disappear but to illustrate the fallacy of blindly applying economic law to a finite resource like petroleum .
As stated by Coy , McWilliams and Rossant ( 1997 ) , officially reported global reserves are higher than ever , but these reserve figures are unreliable .
One tactic used to inflate reserves is to include unconventional petroleum sources in the estimate .
Venezuela doubled its reserves in 1988 by including 20 billion barrels of heavy oil , which had been known for many years ( Campbell , 1997 ) .
Unconventional sources , such as heavy oil , tar sands , and oil shale , do represent an enormous amount of potential petroleum , and people often incorrectly assume that these resources will easily make up the differences when conventional sources falter .
A common view expressed by Dr. Peter Odell , and many others , is that large - scale exploitation of non-conventional petroleum resources is currently limited only by lack of demand and corresponding absence of profit , and that as soon as it is profitable to produce , non-conventional resources will be ready to seamlessly fill the gap left by a shrinking conventional petroleum supply ( Odell , 1997 ) .
On the contrary , at this time petroleum cannot be produced from unconventional sources at rates approaching more than a small fraction of production from conventional sources as required by global demand .
Canada , for example , is currently producing petroleum from oil sands , a nonconventional resource .
Syncrude Canada
Ltd expected to ship 76 million barrels of synthetic crude in 1997 – one year of production equaling approximately 1.17 days of conventional global production at the 1997 rates ( Oil and Gas Journal , 1997 ; Basic Petroleum Data Book , 1998 ) .
The comparison is not meant to belittle Canada 's oilsand endeavors ; on the contrary , they should be applauded for their farsightedness and imitated .
Nevertheless , unconventional petroleum resources are no substitute for conventional sources at this time and will require significant development , considerable time , huge capital investments , and innovative new technology in order to fill that role when needed .
Unfortunately , the development of unconventional resources is not being aggressively pursued at this time .
The oil shortages of the 1970s spurred activity in the research and development of alternative energy sources , but many of the efforts were abandoned as soon as the price of oil dropped .
In order to someday produce any alternative energy source in an economically feasible manner and in sufficiently large quantities to be a viable substitute for conventional petroleum , an enormous investment of time and money is necessary immediately , as is a commitment to continue that investment regardless of fluctuations in oil prices .
What should have been a wake - up call in the 1970s has largely been forgotten ( Hatfield , 1997 b ) .
Odell ( 1997 ) also says that market prices will " bid up sufficiently to generate new non-conventional oil supplies . "
As he points out , there will most likely be an increase in the cost of petroleum and the multitude of petroleum products we all use every day .
Companies are not in business to lose money .
Unconventional petroleum is more costly to produce than conventional partly because of research and development expenses and also because it cannot be produced in great quantity per year .
Oil companies will not begin serious exploitation of unconventional petroleum resources until they can make a profit doing so , and there is little profit in synthetic crude when oil prices are low .
According to the economists ' law of supply and demand , oil prices will begin to rise as production falters in the near future .
At the higher prices , it will then be profitable ( as well as necessary ) to exploit unconventional petroleum resources .
Any increased costs will be passed on to the consumer , of course .
The world will not run out of oil altogether , just out of cheap oil .
Coy , McWilliams , and Rossant ( 1997 ) also proclaim that , due to new technologies and abundant capital , we have " the recipe for a potential explosion in oil production . "
New oil - production technology , such as that employed in recent years in the North Sea , could delay the beginning of global oil - production decline for a few years beyond the mid-point of ultimate production .
But , in that case , the subsequent decline will be accelerated .
Considering both conventional and unconventional petroleum sources , production and prices may fluctuate for years with production increasing at times and prices decreasing .
But in the end , production of conventional petroleum will permanently and irrevocably decline , and unless demand has been reduced or cheap unconventional sources ( or other non-petroleum substitutes ) are sufficiently developed , prices will rise as supply becomes inadequate .
With existing technology , unconventional energy sources will be considerably more expensive than conventional oil .
Figure 3 . Select OPEC Reserves 1975 - 1977 ( in billions of barrels ) .
As Coy , McWilliams , and Rossant ( 1997 ) stated , reserve estimates are at an all - time high .
However , determining the amount of conventional petroleum reserves with any reasonable precision is nearly impossible .
A total reserve of 1,000 billion barrels is widely used ( American Petroleum Institute , 1998 ) but is widely regarded as suspicious by geologists for several reasons .
In 1988 , 1989 , and 1990 , many OPEC nations reported fantastic increases in their reserve figures , as is illustrated in Figure 3 .
The OPEC nations ' production quotas were based on the sizes of their reserves ; the countries reporting the largest reserve figures earned the greater shares of the total OPEC production .
Venezuela 's reported reserves increased by 125 % , the United Arab Emirate 's by 197 % , Iraq 's by 112 % , and Iran 's by 90 % .
Kuwait 's 50 % increase is modest by comparison ( American Petroleum Institute , 1998 ) .
This created an apparent increase in global reserves of 27 % , or about 300 billion barrels .
These wild increases are considered unsubstantiated and unreliable ( Cambell , 1997 ; Hatfield , 1997a ; MacKenzie , 1996 ) .
In addition , many countries , including several of the top oil producers , have reported no changes in their reserve estimates for several years .
China and the former Soviet Union are among those that report no differences from year to year .
Iraq and Kuwait report no changes in their reserves after the gigantic increases of the late 1980s .
Yet , annual production in those countries has been vast and has greatly exceeded new oil discovery ( American Petroleum Institute , 1998 ) .
Actual reserves are decreasing rather than remaining static .
Some countries are believed to be understating their reserves .
C.J. Campbell ( 1997 ) believes that the former Soviet Union , the United States , China , and the United Kingdom , all major oil producers , have underestimated their oil reserves .
Any additional reserves these countries may possess , however , will not have a significant impact on the global production peak because their unreported reserves are only a fraction of the unsubstantiated reserves reported by the OPEC nations .
Given the unreliable information used to calculate the global reserve , it should be viewed with healthy skepticism .
One reasonable suggestion is that a figure for global reserves of approximately 730 billion barrels be used .
This revised estimate attempts to correct for the gross reserves inflation of the late 1980s by OPEC but does not claim to factor in all suspected overestimating and underreporting .
The figure of 730 billion barrels is derived in the following manner .
During the ten years prior to the wild increases of 1988 - 1990 , global reserves were increasing at an average rate of 0.65 % annually ( American Petroleum Institute , 1998 ) .
Disregarding the unsubstantiated increases starting in 1988 , the 0.65 % growth rate was then applied annually for each year through 1997 .
This interpolation yields a suggested global reserve of 730 billion barrels rather than the reported 1,000 billion barrels .
It is worth noting that the average annual increase in the reported global petroleum reserves from 1988 - 1996 , excluding the enormous leaps in 1988 , 1989 , and 1990 , was only 0.37 % – less than the 0.65 % of the previous decade .
In reality , any estimate , including this one , given the inherent problems with the available data , is more likely a product of manipulation and educated guesswork than solid data .
An optimistic estimate for yet to - be - discovered oil is 650 billion barrels ; this figure is well above most estimates of conventional oil yet - to - be discovered ( MacKenzie , 1996 ) .
Six hundred and fifty billion barrels may indeed be a generous estimate .
The global rate of discovery of new oil peaked in the early 1960s and , despite our increased knowledge and understanding , our improved technology , and our record - high rates of exploration in the 1980s , has continued to decline ( MacKenzie , 1996 ) .
Ninety percent of all production comes from fields more than 20 years old .
( Campbell , 1997 ) .
In fact , most additions to the global reserve estimate are the result of revisions rather than actual new oil discoveries .
The previously mentioned OPEC nations are a prime example .
In reality , actual discovery of new reserves is now less than 6 billion barrels per year and falling , whereas production exceeds 24 billion barrels per year and is rising .
( Campbell , 1997 ) .
Figure 4 shows the steady decline of new discoveries .
Figure 4 . World annual crude - discovery rate averaged over five - year periods , 1912 - 1992 .
( Modified from Ivanhoe , L.F. , 1996 , Updated Hubbert Curves Analyze World Oil Supply : World Oil , v. 217 , p. 91-94 . )
The discovery of new major oil fields is highly unlikely .
The requisite geologic factors are well understood , and the sedimentary basins well known and explored .
This is not to say that no additional oil fields will be found but that the new discoveries will consist largely of smaller fields ( MacKenzie , 1996 ; Campbell , 1997 ) .
This is a normal phase in the life cycle of a finite resource .
Large fields are the easiest to find and of course are discovered early ; in the declining phase of finite - resource exploration , intensive searching locates the smaller fields previously overlooked ( MacKenzie 1996 ) .
But it is the gigantic oil fields that supply the bulk of the world 's energy .
As of 1996 , 94 % of all discovered oil has been in the 1,331 largest oil fields , while the almost 40,000 smaller fields contain only 6 % of the world 's discovered oil – 94 % of all discovered oil occurs in 3 % of the fields ( MacKenzie , 1996 ) .
The giant fields are critical to the global oil supply , but discovery of larger oil fields is highly unlikely , and discovery of smaller fields , while probable , will not significantly affect the global reserves .
Giant oil fields are those that contain between 500 million and 5 billion barrels of recoverable petroleum , and supergiants contain between 5 billion and 50 billion barrels .
In order to add to the proven reserves the 650 billion barrels that are optimistically assumed to exist , 130 new giant fields each containing 5 billion barrels would have to be discovered or 1,300 new giant fields each containing 500 million barrels .
The former is impossible and the latter ridiculous .
Mankind 's history of petroleum exploration has yielded over 40,000 oil fields , of which 328 are giant fields ( Ivanhoe and Leckie , 1983 ; MacKenzie , 1996 ) .
Thirteen new supergiant fields ( assuming the maximum of 50 billion barrels each ) would provide the expected 650 billion barrels , but as there are only 40 known to date ( averaging only a fraction of 50 billion barrels each ) ( Ivanhoe and Leckie , 1983 ; MacKenzie , 1996 ) , this is equally improbable .
Because of the extent of global exploration since 1970 , enormous oil fields in the numbers necessary would have been discovered already if they existed .
There may be a few giant fields yet undiscovered and possibly a supergiant will surprise us all , but clearly this does not add up to 650 billion barrels .
The small oil fields ( 6 % of all oil discovered to date ) yet to be discovered will not make up the difference .
Even if the full 650 billion barrels of yet - to - be - discovered oil really did exist , assuming that the current rate of discovery ( 6 billion barrels per year ) remains constant rather than continuing to decline , it would take over 108 years to find it all and longer still to produce that oil .
The peak in global production would not be postponed even under these idealized hypothetical conditions .
A more reliable figure than those for the reserve estimate or the amount yet to be discovered is the amount of oil produced so far , and that is widely accepted as approximately 830 billion barrels ( American Petroleum Institute , 1998 ) .
Using all these figures , an estimate of the ultimately recoverable oil can be calculated .
Assuming reserves of 730 billion barrels and 650 billion barrels yet to be found , and bearing in mind the problems associated with those figures , these quantities , in addition to the 830 billion barrels already produced , yield 2,210 billion barrels of ultimately recoverable oil .
This is just above the average of the most widely accepted range of estimates .
MacKenzie ( 1996 ) reports that of the 40 estimates of ultimate oil production made between 1973 and 1993 , 70 % fall within the range of 2,000 - 2,400 billion barrels .
The bottom line of the debate between many economists and geologists is how long the conventional supply will continue to be available in increasing quantity and at low cost .
The global production rate will begin to decline when the world has produced approximately half of the ultimately recoverable oil ; the question is :
When will this threshold be crossed ?
That estimate depends on the amount of ultimately recoverable oil , for which estimates vary , and on the rate of increase in the annual production rate , which also varies from year to year and is not precisely predictable .
The average annual rate of increase in production for 1994 and 1995 was 1.74 % ( American Petroleum Institute , 1998 ) .
Assuming the ultimately recoverable oil ( Q ) is 2,210 billion barrels and that growth in the production rate continues to average 1.74 % annually , the midpoint will arrive in 2009 .
However , after 1995 , the production rate grew faster than 1.74 % annually .
Global petroleum production increased by 2.59 % during 1997 ( American Petroleum Institute , 1998 ) .
Assuming that Q equals 2,210 billion barrels and also assuming a steady 2.59 % annual increase in the production rate , the midpoint arrives in 2008 .
These estimates are calculated using a low , but reasonable , value for the ultimately recoverable oil .
For comparison , calculations based on higher totals for Q have also been completed .
Because future production rates are difficult to predict , a widely used average rate of 2 % annual growth has been used .
Assuming that Q is 2,400 billion barrels , the high end of the most widely accepted range for Q at 2 % annual growth in production , the threshold will occur in 2012 .
Suppose that geologists , as they are often accused of doing , have somehow grossly underestimated the amount of petroleum yet to be discovered .
Richard Miller , with the British Petroleum Research Center , believes that geologists have indeed made this error and that the ultimately recoverable oil figure is 4,000 billion barrels – not 2,000 to 2,400 billion barrels ( Miller , 1992 ) .
Assuming that Q is 4,000 billion barrels – nearly double the average accepted estimates , at an average increase in the production rate of 2 % per year , the midpoint and beginning of the permanent decline in global conventional petroleum production will arrive in 2032 .
Doubling the amount of oil , adding 2 trillion barrels , only increases the period of growth in oil production by 20 years .
It is important to remember that the suggested peak in production is dependent on continued growth in the production rate .
If the production rate were to stop growing or even be reduced by a drop in demand or by political disruption , the beginning of the permanent decline in global production would be delayed several years beyond the midpoint of ultimate production .
From 1979 to 1983 , global production declined 16 % .
L.F. Ivanhoe ( 1996 ) states that , were it not for the 1973 and 1979 oil shocks and the succeeding restrictions in the production rates of the OPEC nations , global oil production would have peaked in the mid-1990s .
Figure 5 shows production for several OPEC nations from 1975 to 1995 .
Overall production was restricted from 1979 to the mid 1980s as the increase in demand for OPEC oil dropped due to temporary fuel conservation as well as increasing production from non-OPEC nations .
This restriction on OPEC production will delay the peak in production for the OPEC nations .
Clearly , such fluctuations can affect the timing of the peak in global production .
However , the global oil - production rate has grown more than 20 % since 1982 .
The greater the increase in the production rate , the sooner the peak in production and inevitable decline comes .
More today means less tomorrow .
This also illustrates the misleading nature of many reports , including the following from The Economist ( 1995 ) , " Proven reserves of oil are now enough to supply the world for 43 years at current rates of production … . "
The offending phrase is " at current rates of production " – meaning zero growth in the oil - production rate – a situation that has never existed for very long , and considering the explosion in demand from newly developing countries and from prosperous economies like the United States , is not likely to exist in the near future .
A four - decade supply at the current consumption rate is a three - decade supply with 2 % annual growth in the consumption rate .
Furthermore , the view expressed in The Economist implicitly – assumes that high production rates can be maintained until exhaustion of the resource and then suddenly drop to zero .
Jean Laherrere points out that one cannot simply divide the reserve amount by the annual production and assume the global oil supply will last that many years .
Maintaining production at a steady annual rate requires continual additions to reserves .
All oil fields decline during the second half of their life ; current production rates can only be maintained if new discovery matches production ( MacKenzie , 1996 ) .
But , as has been discussed , discovery has been declining for more than three decades and has not kept pace with production , which has been increasing .
Figure 5 . Select OPEC production 1975 - 1997 ( in billions of barrels ) .
Conclusion
Many of the numbers presented here are uncertain but are accurate enough for the warning to be heeded .
Petroleum is a finite resource , and the production of conventional petroleum will probably peak within the next 15 years and then begin its permanent decline .
It may not decrease at a steady rate , but it will decrease .
The era of inexpensive , abundant oil is drawing to a close .
Even if we chose to believe the improbable 4,000 billion - barrel estimate for the ultimately recoverable conventional oil , there still would be only roughly 35 years until the decline begins , assuming growth in the oil - consumption rate does not exceed 2 % annually and also assuming that the discovery rate reverses its 35 - year decline .
That improbability would see many of us comfortably into retirement and beyond , but what of our children and grandchildren ?
In recent history , a woeful lack of foresight and responsibility on behalf of the coming generations has been demonstrated ; will we also leave them to inherit this problem ?
Petroleum production and demand are continuing to increase , and discovery has been declining for 35 years .
Unconventional sources such as tar sands and heavy oil are slow and expensive to produce .
Immediate conservation and improved efficiency of petroleum use , as explained by Hatfield ( 1994 ) , are necessary to extend the conventional supply long enough for alternatives to be developed .
In fact , Hatfield maintains that with a permanent 2.4 % annual decrease in global petroleum production , our conventional reserves would last indefinitely .
Such a permanent decrease would , of course , hamper economic growth globally and be disastrous for developing nations .
It would be prudent then , to develop large - volume , economically feasible , environmentally benign alternatives to petroleum before such a decrease is naturally and irreversibly imposed .
Our global community must begin to lessen its dependence on petroleum ; not only is it a limited resource , but it is also an environmental disaster .
Unconventional petroleum sources can be developed for irreplaceable petroleum products and non-petroleum substitutes for others .
Earnest endeavors and commitment now may provide an easier transition for us and for our children , but , easy or difficult , the transition is coming .
The public and , indeed , many of our government and business leaders are apparently unaware of this problem or have chosen to ignore it .
At the December 1997 conference on global climate change in Kyoto , Japan , the finite nature of the petroleum supply was not a topic .
The main discussion concerned reducing greenhouse - gas emissions voluntarily .
What our leaders apparently fail to realize is that greenhouse gas emissions unavoidably will be reduced in the near future as petroleum production peaks and then declines .
Nature has imposed a limit for us .
Acknowledgments
Deepest thanks to Dr. Craig B. Hatfield for introducing me to this area of geology , for the benefit of his expertise regarding this subject , for overall guidance and encouragement , and for the critical review of this manuscript .
References Cited
Adelman , M.A. , and Lynch , M.C. , 1997 , Fixed view of resource limits created undue pessimism : Oil and Gas Journal , v. 95 , n. 14 ( April 7 , 1997 ) , p. 56 -60 .
American Petroleum Institute , 1998 , Basic petroleum data book : v. XVIII , n. 2 : American Petroleum Institute , Washington DC .
Campbell , C.J. , 1997 , Better understanding urged for rapidly depleting reserves : Oil and Gas Journal , 1997 , OGJ Special , ( April 7 , 1997 ) , p. 51 - 55 .
Coy , P. , McWilliams , G. , and Rossant , J. , 1997 , The new economics of oil : Business Week , ( November 3 ) , p. 140-144 .
Hatfield , Craig B.,1994 , A permanent solution to the fuel supply problem : Journal of Geologic Education , v. 42 , p. 432-436 .
Hatfield , Craig B. , 1997a , Oil back on the global agenda : Nature , v. 387 ( May 8 , 1997 ) , p. 121 .
Hatfield , Craig B. , 1997 b , A permanent decline in oil production ? : Nature , v. 388 ( August 14 ) , p. 618 .
Hubbert , M. King , 1956 , Drilling and production practice , American Petroleum Institute , Washington DC , p. 7 - 25 .
Ivanhoe , L.F. , and Leckie , G.G. , 1993 , Global oil , gas fields , sizes tallied , analyzed : Oil and Gas Journal , v. 91 ( February 15 , 1993 ) , p. 87-91 .
Ivanhoe , L.F. , 1996 , Updated Hubbert curves analyze world oil supply : World Oil , v. 217 , p.91 -94 .
Linden , Henry R. , 1998 , Flaws seen in resource models behind crisis forecasts for oil supply price : Oil and Gas Journal , v. 96 , n. 52 ( December 28 , 1998 ) , p. 33 -37 .
MacKenzie , James J. , 1996 , Oil as a finite resource :
When is global production likely to peak ? : World Resources Institute , Washington DC , ( March ) , p. 1 - 22 .
Miller , Richard G. , 1992 , The global oil system :
The relationship between oil generation , loss , half - life , and the world crude oil resource : The American Association of Petroleum Geologists Bulletin , v. 76 , n. 4 , p. 489-500 .
Odell , Peter R. , 1997 , Oil shock : A rejoiner : Energy World , n. 247 ( March 1997 ) , p. 11 - 14 .
Anonymous , 1997 , Investment incentives driving Canadian oil sands activity : Oil and Gas Journal , v. 95 ( June 9 ) , p. 25 .
Anonymous , 1995 , The Future of energy : The Economist , October 7 , p. 23 - 26 .
The recession has left almost one in two young black people without a job , appearing to contradict claims by the government that it would shield the most vulnerable from the effects of the downturn .
The left - leaning Institute for Public Policy Research said 48 % of black people aged 16 to 24 reported that they were out of work , compared with 20 % of white people of the same age .
Not only had the absolute level of unemployment risen for young black people , but as a group they suffered the sharpest leap in joblessness : black unemployment has jumped 13 % since March 2008 , compared with 8 % among white people and 6 % among Asians .
The thinktank looked at data from the Labour Force Survey , a quarterly sample of about 60,000 households .
Within that , the institute said it looked at the responses of 16 - to 24 - year - olds , a total of 7,200 ­people , in November 2009 .
The figures appear to fly in the face of assurances by ministers that class rather than race is a greater factor in holding people back and come at a time when there are concerns about rising poverty levels in a time of penury .
However in an number of interviews with young black unemployed people many refused to accept that race discrimination was solely behind the joblessness – saying instead simply that " society was unfair " .
Godfrey Kingsley , a 17 - year - old who has been unemployed since September , and is now on a programme run by Tomorrow 's People , a charity helping the unemployed back into work , said : " I am not saying there is no racism but you cannot hold a grudge against the system .
How many black people are selling cars in Jaguar showrooms or clothes in D&G ?
Not that many .
" But the point is that you need to be the best and that means not accepting that mindset of ' it 's because I am black ' .
My problem was that my college was closed down by Ofsted and the teachers were sacked .
That left a hole in my cv.
No fault of my own . "
The government defended measures it had taken to protect the most vulnerable of the population during the recession .
Jim Knight , the employment minister , said the problem was partly that there were more young people in the ethnic minority population and the recession had " hit young people harder than most " .
Academics said the reasons for the rise in youth unemployment among black youths were manifold : underachievement in the classroom , a disadvantage when it came to friends and family connections helping them find jobs , and the disappearance of the traditional blue - collar jobs .
" One in two young black people being unemployed is quite a shocking figure , " said Steve Strand , associate professor at Warwick University 's institute of education .
" If you think that education is a gatekeeper to a future there are gaps between black and white performance .
But that is not big enough to account for the differences in employment . "
Others point out that even in good times a third of young black people are out of a job , a " scarring effect " that meant there was a persistent loss of skills , and a longer and harder road back into the workforce .
" What 's of concern is that you have especially young Afro Caribbean people who are out of work for long periods of time , " said Prof Richard Berthoud , of Essex University .
" That means you have a group who are not so embedded in the workforce .
So when the economy recovers and they try and find a job they continually have to answer employers who say ' what 's wrong with you ? ' "
The possibility that the recession could permanently damage prospects for young black people echoes the experience of African - Americans in the US , who have fared much worse than those in the white population during the recession .
Data last month showed that among young black American men without a high - school diploma , nearly half did not have a job .
Feature films such as Precious , which is released later this month in Britain and explores the grim but ultimately ­triumphant life in inner city New York of a young Afro American woman , have been criticised by some for sending out a negative message .
However , Femi Oyeniran , the 23 - year - old actor who made his name in the 2006 film Kidulthood and in its 2008 sequel , Adulthood , said that his movies had been criticised at the time for " casting black people in a negative light " .
He said : " But it was fiction not reality .
The recession means that we have to look at a lot of ­factors and some of them are down to black people themselves . "
Businesses themselves are tremendously powerful vehicles for change , but they do n’t just fall from the sky .
They start within the mind of a single individual – with an idea , a thought , or an intention .
The individual who acts upon these ideas changes his world , whether it is for better or worse .
A better self means a better world , no matter how small or large our impact might be .
This is a powerful insight .
If we can recognize our personal growth as part of the growth of a greater whole , we can begin to align ourselves with this greater sense of purpose and passion .
Instantly , we become more inspired and motivated to improve life conditions for both our self and others .
Please take a moment to reflect on your own goals of self - improvement .
Ask : “ In what ways do these goals benefit the world as a whole ? ”
If you cannot find any reasons – you may want to re-assess your intentions , or see if you can reframe your goals in a bigger way .
If all you want out of life is money , sex , and fame – but you neglect the interests of others – then you probably wo n’t get any of these things .
Some still do , but often at the expense of happiness and integrity .
What I am trying to describe is a viewpoint – a way of looking at ourselves and how we fit into this larger ecosystem .
If we closely examine the events in our world , we often find just how interconnected and interdependent we really are .
Although our ego would rather see itself as separate and distinct ; it becomes more empowered when it sees itself in a grander scheme .
But this is not just a motivational tool , it is a reflection of reality .
I challenge my readers to reframe their goals within a context of “ world improvement , ” in order to foresee the greater implications of their actions .
When I reflect back on my own list of goals , a couple of things become immediately apparent to me .
Take for example my goal to “ Graduate From College . ”
On the surface this is nothing but a self - serving goal .
Certainly by graduating I am not directly affecting any other person ’s future .
But what I learn through college allows me to become better equipped to serve society at large at some point in the future .
I can use that knowledge for more than just personal gain , but also as a tool to help build a better world .
That ’s one example of how to reframe self improvement to “ world improvement . ”
I challenge you to reframe your goals without this new and broader context .
You will find that it strengthens your intentions to achieve those goals , by aligning your will to a so - called “ higher power ” ( and I say this at risk of sounding too religious or mystical ) .
Our current models of self - improvement will eventually be outperformed by the ones that also take into account world improvement .
You can adopt this mindset with the simple question , “ How do my goals serve the greater whole of humanity ? ”
Knowing this answer will make you that much more affirmed in your values , goals , and aspirations .
It will take your motivation to a whole other level .
Stay updated on new articles and resources in psychology and self improvement :
CLEANERS in government departments are facing a higher percentage cut in their basic pay than some of the country 's most senior civil servants .
According to Department of Finance figures , the standard salary for cleaners has been cut by 5 pc and now ranges from € 19,799 at entry level to €22,987.64 after six years of " satisfactory service " .
Yet the civil servants at the third highest grade -- assistant secretaries -- are being cut by as little as 3 pc .
There are 150 assistant secretaries , with salaries of up to € 146,000 each .
Deputy secretaries , who represent the second highest grade , took a pay cut of 5.4 pc .
But this is a smaller percentage than that experienced by a teacher on a € 50,000 salary ( 6 pc ) .
There are two deputy secretaries employed at salaries of up to € 168,000 each .
Bonus
The basic salaries of these 152 senior civil servants have been only marginally reduced because the pay cuts have been calculated on figures that include a bonus scheme that was scrapped last year , rather than on basic salary alone .
It comes as most of the State 's 300,000 - plus public sector staff will have their pay cut by an average of 5 - 8 pc from January .
Last night , a Department of Finance spokesman said the assistant secretaries and deputy secretaries had been part of a performance bonus scheme which delivered annual payments of up to € 17,000 each .
He pointed out that if the standard public sector pay cut was imposed , their wages would have dropped by up to 22pc .
" This was not judged to have been fair , " he said .
The decision to take the bonuses of senior civil servants into account was announced late last month ( after the Budget ) by the Department of Finance in a circular letter sent to all Government departments .
The " performance - related awards " system was set up for assistant secretaries and deputy secretaries in 2002 .
The 2007 bonus awards for this group cost about € 2.7 m -- an average of around € 17,763 each .
To qualify , the senior civil servants had to set their own targets in " three key areas " .
They then had to assess their own performance in a report at the end of the year .
This was sent on to the head of their government department and a group known as the Committee for Performance Awards .
In 2008 , more than 91 pc of these civil servants got bonuses ranging from 5 pc to 15 pc -- with the remainder getting less than 5 pc .
But in February last year , Finance Minister Brian Lenihan announced that the scheme was being discontinued .
" No specific funding has been set aside in 2009 in respect of performance in 2008 , " he said .
Fine Gael finance spokesman Richard Bruton said there was no justification for exempting senior civil servants from the pain that the rest of the public sector was being forced to bear .
Mr Bruton described their exemption as " manifestly wrong " , given that public servants earning as little as the minimum wage were being asked to take a 5 pc salary cut .
Labour finance spokeswoman Joan Burton also attacked the move , saying that she intends to challenge the legality of the move when the Dail returns on January 19 .
She said the department circular was not made available when legislation implementing the pay cuts was forced through the Oireachtas last month .
Irish Independent
This post may contain affiliate links .
Please read my disclosure policy .
Skip to Recipe
I should just rename my blog “ Liza ’s Daughter ’s Blog . ”
These days , it seems , I only make dishes that my mother has fed me or told me about .
When I was home in CT for my sister ’s wedding last month , I was welcomed with a steaming bowl of this Vermont cheddar cheese soup , a slice of spanakopita , warm homemade bread , and yogurt cake for dessert .
I devoured every morsel then fell into a several - hour - long food coma .
It was heaven .
It ’s hard to find fault in lots of extra sharp cheddar cheese , tons of fresh thyme , and vegetables sautéed in rendered pancetta fat , but several unexpected ingredients — beer , mustard , worcestershire and Tabasco — make this soup truly special .
Oh , it is just wonderful !
I find the method for making this soup interesting .
Now , I have never made a cheesy soup before , so perhaps this method is standard , but in this recipe , the grated cheese is tossed with flour before being stirred into the hot milk .
This mixture thickens in its own pot before being added to the pot of sautéed vegetables , beer , stock and sauces .
And while I would n’t think to err from my mother ’s detailed instructions , my auntie Marcy reported that this step cannot be omitted — if the cheese and milk ( with or without the four ) are added directly to the vegetable stock pot , the soup will never come together — it will just curdle and separate into a mess .
So , be warned .
And while any bread would go well with this soup , I have been enjoying beer bread with it for the past week .
I used to make beer bread all the time .
Not sure why I stopped because it is the SIMPLEST bread to prepare .
No kneading or rising is required .
If ever you want homemade bread with dinner and fear you have no time , consider this recipe — it literally takes five minutes to assemble and 40 minutes to bake .
Simps .
For a light but comforting meal , serve this soup with bread ( perhaps beer bread ) and a wintery salad of arugula , candied pecans , diced pear and blue cheese .
Yum yum .
clock clock icon cutlery cutlery icon flag flag icon folder folder icon instagram instagram icon pinterest pinterest icon print print icon squares squares icon Vermont Cheddar Cheese Soup Yield : 14 cups Print Recipe Pin Recipe Description Source : Mother Liza and Auntie Marcy Ingredients 4 oz diced pancetta or 1/4 cup olive oil
2 to 3 cups diced onions , from 2 to 3 onion
1 to 2 cups diced celery , from 4 to 5 stalks
2 cups diced carrots , from 4 to 5 carrots
2 cups diced red bell pepper , from 1 to 2 peppers
2 cups diced , peeled red potato , from 4 to 5
2 teaspoons kosher salt , plus more to taste
3 tablespoons Dijon mustard
A few sprigs of thyme
6 cups water , vegetable stock or chicken stock , homemade is best
12 ounces beer
3.5 c ups milk , 2 % or whole
4 cups grated cheddar cheese , about 1 lb .
2/3 cup flour
dashes Worcestershire
dashes hot sauce
Fresh cracked pepper to taste
Bread for serving Instructions
In a large soup pot , heat pancetta over medium - high heat , stirring frequently , until crisp and brown .
Remove pancetta with slotted spoon and drain on a paper towel .
In the rendered fat , sweat the onions , carrots , celery and pepper over medium heat for 15 minutes until soft .
Note :
If your pancetta was n’t very fatty , add some oil to the pot .
Add thyme , potato and chicken broth and simmer until potato is soft , about 10 minutes .
Add beer .
Heat the milk in a separate pot until it just barely boils .
Meanwhile , grate the cheese on the large - holed side of a grater and place it in a large Ziploc bag .
Shake with the 2/3 cup flour .
Add this cheese - flour mixture to the hot milk and stir until the cheese has melted and the mixture has thickened slightly .
Add the milk mixture to the pot with veggies and stock .
Add mustard , sauces and salt and pepper to taste .
Whisk for a few minutes to avoid curdling .
When serving , sprinkle some reserved pancetta in each bowl .
Add more hot sauce to taste .
Serve with bread .
Accominotti , O. ( 2009 ) .
The sterling trap : foreign reserves management at the Bank of France , 1928 – 1936 .
This volume .
Acena , P. M. ( 2004 ) .
El oro del Banco de Espana en Paris .
Un episodio de la financiacion de la Guerra civil .
In Economia y cambio historico .
Estudios en homaje a luis Angel Rojo , vol .
II , Madrid : Editorial Complutense , SA , pp. 149 – 74 .
Aliber , R. Z. ( 1966 ) .
The Future of the Dollar as an International Currency .
New York : Praeger .
Banca d'Italia , Accounting Department ( 1993 ) .
I bilanci degli Istituti di Emissione 1894–1990 .
Rome and Bari : Laterza .
Bank for International Settlements , Monetary and Economic Department ( BIS ) ( 1932 ) .
The gold exchange standard .
Unpublished document , Basel , 26 October 1932 .
Bernanke , B. ( 1995 ) .
The macroeconomics of the Great Depression .
Journal of Money , Credit and Banking 27 , pp. 1 – 28 .
Blancheton , B. ( 2001 ) .
Le pape et l'empereur .
Paris : Albin Michel .
Bloomfield , A. I. ( 1963 ) . Monetary Policy under the International Gold Standard : 1880 –1914 .
New York : Federal Reserve Bank of New York .
Cassell , G. ( 1928 ) . Postwar Monetary Stabilization .
New York : Columbia University Press .
Cassell , G. ( 1930 ) .
The supply of gold .
In First Interim Report of the Gold Delegation of the League of Nations .
Geneva : League of Nations , Annex X .
Cassell , G. ( 1936 ) .
The Downfall of the Gold Standard .
London : Frank Cass & Co. Ltd .
Chinn , M. and Frankel , J. ( 2008 ) .
Why the euro will rival the dollar .
International Finance 11 ( 1 ) , pp. 49 – 73 .
Choudhri , E. and Kochin , L. ( 1980 ) .
The exchange rate and the international transmission of business cycle disturbances : some evidence from the Great Depression .
Journal of Money , Credit and Banking 12 , pp. 565 –74 .
Conant , C. A. ( 1910 ) .
The Banque Nationale de Belgique , National Monetary Commission , vol. 16 . Washington , DC : Government Printing Office .
Coste , P. ( 1932 ) .
La lutte pour la suprématie .
Les grands marchés financiers , Paris , Londres , New York , foreword by Pierre Quesnay .
Paris : Payot .
De Cecco , M. ( 1974 ) . Money and Empire .
Oxford : Blackwell .
Eichengreen , B. ( 2006 ) . Global Imbalances and the Lessons of Bretton Woods .
Cambridge , MA : MIT Press .
Eichengreen , B. and Sachs , J. ( 1985 ) .
Exchange rates and economic recovery in the 1930s .
Journal of Economic History 45 , pp. 925 – 46 .
Eichengreen , B. and Sachs , J. ( 1986 ) .
Competitive devaluation and the Great Depression : a theoretical reassessment .
Economics Letters 22 , pp. 67 – 71 .
Einzig , P. ( 1931 ) .
The Fight for Financial Supremacy .
London : Macmillan .
Einzig , P. ( 1935 ) . World Finance 1914 –1935 .
London : Macmillan .
Emden , P. H. ( 1938 ) . Money Powers of Europe in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Centuries .
New York : D. Appleton .
Federal Reserve Board ( 1943 ) . Monetary Statistics of the United States .
Washington , DC : Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System .
Flandreau , M. ( 2003 ) .
Crises and punishment : moral hazard and the pre-1914 international financial architecture .
In Flandreau , M. ( ed. ) , Money Doctors : The History , Theory and Policy of International Financial Advice .
London : Routledge , pp. 13 – 48 .
Flandreau , M. and Gallice , F. ( 2005 ) .
Paris , London and the international money market : lessons from Paribas , 1885 – 1913 .
In Bussiere , E. and Cassis , Y. ( eds. ) , London and Paris as International Financial Centres in the 20th Century .
Oxford : Oxford University Press , pp. 78 – 106 .
Flandreau , M. and Jobst , C. ( 2005 ) .
The ties that divide : a network analysis of the international monetary system , 1890 – 1910 .
Journal of Economic History 65 ( 4 ) , pp. 977 – 1007 .
Flandreau , M. and Komlos , J. ( 2006 ) .
Target zones in theory and history : credibility , and policy autonomy .
Journal of Monetary Economics 53 ( 8 ) , pp. 1979 – 98 .
Friedman , M. and Schwartz , A. ( 1963 ) .
A Monetary History of the United States , 1863 –1960 .
Princeton , NJ : Princeton University Press .
Gayer , A. D. ( 1937 ) , Monetary Policy and Economic Stabilisation : A Study of the Gold Standard .
New York : Macmillan .
Gregory , T. E. ( 1932 ) .
The Gold Standard and its Future .
New York : E. P. Dutton & Co .
Hamilton , J. ( 1988 ) .
The role of the gold standard in propagating the Great Depression .
Contemporary Policy Issues 6 , pp. 67 – 89 .
Hatase , M. and Ohnuki , M. ( 2009 ) .
Did the structure of trade and foreign debt affect reserve currency composition ?
Evidence from interwar Japan .
This volume .
Hawtrey , R. ( 1923 ) . Monetary Reconstruction .
London : Longmans .
Jobst , C. ( 2009 ) .
Market leader : the Austro - Hungarian Bank and the making of foreign exchange intervention , 1896 – 1913 .
This volume .
Johnson , C. ( 1997 ) .
France , Gold and the Great Depression .
New Haven , CT : Yale University Press .
Keynes , J. M. ( 1923 ) . A Tract on Monetary Reform .
London : Macmillan .
Keynes , J. M. ( 1925 ) .
The Economic Consequences of Mr. Churchill .
London : Macmillan .
Kindleberger , C. ( 1967 ) .
The politics of international money and world language .
Essays in International Finance 61 , Princeton University .
Kiyotaki , N. and Wright , R. ( 1989 ) .
On money as a medium of exchange .
Journal of Political Economy , 97 , pp. 927 – 54 .
Kooker , J. ( 1976 ) .
French financial diplomacy : the interwar years .
In Rowland , B. M. ( ed. ) , Balance of Power or Hegemony : The Interwar Monetary System .
New York : New York University Press , pp. 83 – 146 .
Krugman , P. ( 1980 ) .
Vehicle currencies and the structure of international exchange .
Journal of Money , Credit and Banking 12 , pp. 513 – 26 .
Krugman , P. ( 1984 ) .
The international role of the dollar : theory and prospect .
In Bilson , J. F. O. and Marston , R. C. ( eds. ) , Exchange Rate Theory and Practice .
Chicago : University of Chicago Press , pp. 261 –78 .
League of Nations ( 1930 ) .
Legislation on Gold .
Geneva : League of Nations .
Lewis , C. ( 1938 ) . America 's Stake in International Investments .
Washington , DC : Brookings Institution .
Lindert , P. H. ( 1969 ) .
Key currencies and gold , 1900 – 1913 .
Princeton Studies in International Finance 24 , Princeton University .
Maddison , A. ( 2001 ) .
Monitoring the World Economy .
Paris : OECD .
Margairaz , M. ( 2005 ) .
La SDN , les banques d’émission et les statistiques monétaires entre les deux guerres .
In Feiertag , O. and Margairaz , M. ( eds. ) , Mesurer la monnaie .
Paris : Albin Michel , pp. 149 –68 .
Mlynarski , F. ( 1929 ) . Gold and Central Banks .
New York : Macmillan .
Moggridge , D. ( 1969 ) , The Return to Gold , 1925 .
Cambridge : Cambridge University Press .
Mouré , K. ( 1991 ) .
Managing the Franc Poincaré : Economic Understanding and Political Constraint in French Monetary Policy , 1928 – 1936 .
Cambridge : Cambridge University Press .
Mouré , K. ( 2002 ) , The Gold Standard Illusion : France , the Bank of France , and the International Gold Standard 1949 – 1939 .
Cambridge : Cambridge University Press .
Mundell , R. ( 2000 ) .
A reconsideration of the twentieth century .
American Economic Review 90 , pp. 327 –40 .
Myers , M. ( 1936 ) . Paris as a Financial Center .
London : P. S. King .
Nathan , R. ( 1938 ) .
Le rôle international des grands marchés financiers .
Publications de l'Institut des Hautes Etudes Internationales .
Geneva and Paris : Sirey .
Nurkse , R. ( 1944 ) . International Currency Experience .
Geneva : League of Nations .
Palyi , M. ( 1972 ) .
The Twilight of Gold .
Chicago : Henry Regnery .
Pasvolsky , L. ( 1933 ) . Current Monetary Issues .
Washington , DC : Brookings Institution .
Rist , C. ( 1933 ) .
Essais sur quelques problèmes économiques et monétaires .
Paris : Sirey .
Royal Institute of International Affairs ( 1931 ) .
The International Gold Problem .
London : Humfrey Milford .
Schuler , K. ( 1992 ) . Currency boards .
Unpublished PhD dissertation , George Mason University .
Temin , P. ( 1989 ) .
Lessons from the Great Depression .
Cambridge , MA : MIT Press .
Temin , P. and Vines , D ( 2008 ) .
Gold scarcity and the Great Depression .
Unpublished manuscript , MIT .
Triffin , R. ( 1960 ) . Gold and the Dollar Crisis : The Future of Convertibility .
New Haven , CT : Yale University Press .
Oil , the Dutch Iraq inquiry on the Iraq war , and the missing letter
By Ann Talbot
22 January 2010
The Davids Commission , which investigated the role of the Netherlands in the 2003 Iraq war , has declared that the war was illegal .
The panel of commissioners included experienced European jurists .
The report has also thrown up new evidence about the role of the British government under Prime Minister Tony Blair in preparing the war .
In the course of the commission ’s investigation , it was alleged that in 2003 the British ambassador presented a letter from Blair to Jan Peter Balkenende , the Dutch prime minister .
He insisted that this letter was for Balkenende ’s eyes only , and that the Dutch prime minister had to read it in his presence and immediately hand it back to him .
“ It was a surprise for our committee when we discovered information about this letter , ” Rob Sebes told the press conference at the launch of the Davids Commission report .
“ It was not sent with a normal procedure between countries .
Instead , it was a personal message from Tony Blair to our Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkanende , and had to be returned and not stored in our archives .
We asked the British government to hand over the letter , but they refused . ”
The committee had every reason to express surprise .
This was a remarkable breach of diplomatic procedure .
Such communications would normally be archived by senders and recipients .
That is the basis on which history is written and , perhaps more significantly in this case , such diplomatic archives , along with other key government papers , are the basis on which prosecutions under international law are built .
The British government have suppressed a key piece of evidence .
The extraordinary way in which they made the case for war to the Dutch government suggests that Blair knew at the time that his arguments would not bear scrutiny .
Other UK papers were made available to the Davids Commission .
Until Blair ’s letter is produced , it can only be assumed that it contains damaging evidence which the British government wishes to hide .
It is not known if the British Chilcot Commission , which is currently investigating the Iraq war , has seen a copy of the letter , because there is no published list of the documents that have been made available to the inquiry .
Chilcot may have been told , like the Davids Commission , that this was a personal letter .
But if a letter between two prime ministers in a run-up to a war can be deemed personal , then many other relevant documents can be similarly concealed .
The Netherlands gave political support to the war , but they did not participate directly in the invasion .
After the invasion , the Netherlands was among the few European countries to take part in the occupation of Iraq .
Some 1,100 Dutch troops served under British command in the south .
But there have been persistent rumours that Dutch special forces were involved at an earlier date .
According to the Times of London , Co Kolijn , a Dutch defence specialist , has pointed out that Dutch forces were involved in three other military operations in the area at the time of the invasion .
It would therefore have been comparatively easy to organise covert military operations in Iraq .
Dutch special forces are currently serving in Afghanistan .
The Davids Commission said that it could find no evidence that Dutch special forces took part in the invasion .
It expressed concern that commercial interests may have played a part in influencing the government decision to back the war .
It recognised that “ the Dutch business community stood to gain from the existence of a level playing field in post - war Iraq . ”
These were the very words that Shell and BP used when they met the UK government as the Iraq war began .
They called for “ a level playing field ” for all oil companies after the war .
Commercial interests vital to both Britain and the Netherlands are at stake in Iraq .
The Anglo - Dutch company Royal Dutch Shell has just won a major oil contract in the Iraqi Majnoon field , defeating the rival French company Total .
Majnoon is thought to be the largest oil field in the world .
It may hold some 12.8 billion barrels of oil reserves .
Shell will have a major stake in it , alongside Malaysia ’s Petronas .
Shell also has interests in the West Qrna Phase 1 field jointly with Exxon Mobil .
As the Financial Times pointed out , “ Royal Dutch Shell , in particular , is counting its blessings that Baghdad has opened up the world ’s third - largest oil reserves more than 30 years after they were nationalised and six years after Saddam Hussein was overthrown by a US - led invasion force .
“ Shell , out of all of its peers , is struggling most to step up its production as old , profitable fields decline and new reserves are proving increasingly difficult to secure . ”
Shell ’s role in Iraq goes back to the days of the British occupation after World War I , when deals were signed that were to persist into the 1950s and the overthrow of the British - backed monarch .
The links between Shell and the British government remain close .
At least two senior British civil servants have gone on to directorships at Shell when they retired from the Foreign Office .
The Davids Commission commented on the fact that the Dutch government had gone against the usual European orientation in its foreign policy and had allowed transatlantic influences to dominate its decision on Iraq .
The report expressed regret that , “ In the period examined by the Committee the ‘ Atlantic reflex ’ prevailed over a Eurocentric response . ”
As a result , the Netherlands has lost its ability to act as an intermediary between Britain on the one side and France and Germany on the other , the report concluded .
“ The Dutch government lent its political support to a war whose purpose was not consistent with Dutch government policy , ” the report stated .
But it offered no explanation of why the government should have acted in this way .
“ It may therefore be said , ” the report continued , “ that the Dutch stance was to some extent disingenuous . ”
It is not only the Dutch government that is being disingenuous .
The Davids Commission , which met behind closed doors , is also being far from frank .
The report does not directly criticize the conduct of Shell or suggest that the close relationship between Shell and the British government may have led the Dutch government to break with its previous policy .
Yet that is the inescapable implication contained in the report .
The author also recommends :
“ Dutch inquiry finds Iraq war illegal ”
[ 22 January 2010 ]
If you grew up in the ' 80s and early '90s and had access to Nickelodeon , no doubt you found yourself watching Inspector Gadget at one point or another .
The cartoon about a bumbling detective and his genius niece Penny and her dog Brain who are constantly saving the day only ran for two seasons , but the reruns lived on ( and were popular enough to warrant a 1999 live - action movie ) .
Because Neatorama is always on duty , here are a few wowser facts about the good Inspector , Penny and Brain : Cree Summer , the voice of Penny , has also been in Tiny Toon Adventures as Elmyra , Rugrats as Susie Carmichael and Drawn Together as Foxxy Love ( among lots of one - off voice appearances and guest spots ) .
Even if you were never a fan of the cartoon ( or the movie , for that matter ) , you might be familiar with the Inspector Gadget theme song .
ISadly , Don Adams had died the previous year , so Gadget was voiced by Joe Hanna .
But the voices of Penny , Brain and Dr. Claw are all done by the originals .
Chief Quimby was voiced by Robot Chicken co-creator Seth Green .
If you ’ve ever wondered what a cross between Gadget and the Terminator would look like , here you go But those are just the tip of the iceberg .
Gadget also had a necktie - lasso , a parachute , a respirator , skis , pulleys , eyeballs that could pop out of his head and spy on people , and even radar ( among other things ) .
Those are but a fraction of the gadgets the inspector has at his disposal , though - he was said to have about 14,000 gadgets in all .
The 1999 movie starring Matthew Broderick revealed a lot of things the cartoon never did .
A 2002 cartoon called Gadget and the Gadgetinis , however , tells us that the Inspector 's nemesis was born as " George Claw " and he has a twin brother named " Dr. Thaw " who wears dishwashing gloves instead of a menacing spiked glove like his sibling ..
Check out this busker in Australia playing the catchy tune by hitting beer bottles with a wooden spoon .
It 's pretty awesome .
Almost immediately after the show , DIC , the company who created Gadget , received a " friendly " letter from MGM saying that their cartoon seemed to closely resemble a character they had recently created .
Thus , Gadget was clean - shaven for the rest of the series .
Try as I might , I could n't figure out which MGM character that might refer to - anyone have any guesses ?
Photo from SearchforVideo.com .
Fans already know that Don Adams - probably most famous for playing a somewhat similar character in Get Smart , Maxwell Smart - was the voice of Inspector Gadget .
In the '60s , Adams endeared himself to children as the title voice on Tennessee Tuxedo and his Tales ( you 'll see that Tennessee Tuxedo sounds just like Inspector Gadget ) .
Dr. Claw is a spoof on a famous Bond villain , Ernst Stavro Blofeld , who was seen in several films including You Only Live Twice and Thunderball .
In fact , he may be one of the most spoofed Bond villains of all time - Dr. Evil from the Austin Powers series is the spitting image of Blofeld .
There was a way to see Dr. Claw 's face prior to the 1999 movie - back in 1992 , a Dr. Claw action figure was produced .
But there was a catch - Here 's what he looked like when you bought the action figure : Pictures from ProgressiveBoink
Auf dem 26 .
Chaos Communication Congress ( 26C3 ) sprach Michael Brennan über „ Stilometrie „ .
Dahinter verbirgt sich die Untersuchung der sprachlichen Eigenschaften von Texten mit den Mitteln der Statistik .
Das stellt eine Bedrohung für alle dar , die anonym Texte veröffentlichen wollen .
Brennan lieferte daher die passenden Gegenmittel gleich mit .
Stilometrie - Programme bedienen sich Künstlicher Intelligenz , die an Texten in der Erkennung sprachlicher Muster trainiert wird .
Später sollen sie ihr „ Wissen “ in der Anwendung selbstständig erweitern .
Auf diese Weise ist eine automatisierte Autorenerkennung möglich .
„ 6500 Worte “ seien zur Aufdeckung der Identität des Verfassers eines Textes ausreichend , sagt Brennan .
Der Wissenschaftler unterscheidet zwei mögliche Szenarien : „ Supervised “ und „ unsupervised stylometry “ .
Bei letzterer werden Dokumente , deren Urheber nicht bekannt sind , darauf untersucht , welche die selben Autoren haben .
„ Supervised stylometry “ arbeitet mit Dokumenten , deren Autoren bekannt sind , um die Verfasser weiterer Texte zu identifizieren .
Brennan hat beide Szenarien mit verschiedenen stilometrischen Methoden untersucht .
Für große Textmengen weniger Autoren erweist sich die Analyse als ausgesprochen treffsicher .
Die Untersuchung von 20 bis 200 Wörtern langen Texte aus Foren von neun verschiedenen Autoren mit „ unsupervised stylometry “ ergab eine Genauigkeit von 35 % .
Mit umfangreicherem Ausgangsmaterial ( 500 bis 750 Worte ) von nur noch fünf Urhebern stieg die Genauigkeit auf beinahe 90 % .
„ Supervised stylometry “ zeigt sich bei einer geringen Anzahl an Autoren noch effektiver .
Wenn lediglich zwei Urheber für einen
Text infrage kommen , lässt sich der tatsächliche Verfasser mittels Stilometrie mit beinahe 100 % Genauigkeit feststellen .
Aussagen für Szenarien mit vielen Autoren gibt es noch keine .
Wie kann man sich also gegen diese Autorenerkennung zur Wehr setzen ?
Brennan nennt zwei mögliche Angriffe : Verschleierung und Imitation .
Man kann also versuchen , entweder den eigenen Schreibstil zu verstecken oder stilistische Eigenheiten eines anderen Autors aufgreifen .
Beide Angriffe erweisen sich als effektiv .
Verschleierung lässt die Treffsicherheit der Stilometrie - Methoden auf Zufallsniveau fallen ; Imitation senkt sie sogar auf nahezu null .
Texte durch Übersetzungsprogramme zu schicken hat sich dagegen als wenig erfolgsversprechend gezeigt .
Was tut man also , wenn man Texte anonym veröffentlichen will ?
Einen anderen Autor imitieren – und wenig schreiben , empfiehlt Brennan .
Er warnt allerdings , dass in Zukunft effektivere Stilometrie - Programme zu anderen Ergebnissen kommen könnten .
Ein Wettrüsten zwischen den Entwicklern von Stilometrie - Programmen und anonymen Autoren sei gut denkbar .
Brennan schlägt daher die Entwicklung einer Software vor , die eine Maschinen - gestützte Anonymisierung von Dokumenten ermöglichen soll .
Michael Brennan und seine Kollegin Rachel Greenstadt sammeln derzeit weitere Dokumente , um ihre Untersuchungen auf größere Autorengruppen auszuweiten .
Wer sie dabei unterstützen möchte , kann dazu eigene Texte beitragen .
The crisis of the Islamic Republic and the tasks of the Iranian working class
29 December 2009
Since last Saturday , opponents of the Iranian government have repeatedly clashed with security forces and Basij militiamen in Teheran , Tabriz and many other Iranian cities .
Information is limited by government restrictions on foreign and opposition media , but the clashes have resulted in at least 8 and possibly as many as 15 deaths , and left scores injured .
Official spokesmen claim that dozens of police officers , including the commander of the Teheran police , have been injured and “ some killed . ”
The dead protesters include a nephew of Mir Hossein Mousavi , a former prime minister of the Islamic Republic and the main challenger to Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in last June ’s presidential election .
Ali-Habibi Mousavi was reportedly shot in the back during anti-government protests Sunday .
Opposition supporters have termed his death a targeted assassination .
Police admit to having arrested 300 protesters Sunday .
Yesterday , security forces arrested top aides of Mousavi and Mohammad Khatami , Iran ’s president from 1997 to 2005 .
They also took Ebrahim Yazdi , the current head of Mehdi Bazargan ’s Freedom Movement of Iran , into custody .
Six months after Iran ’s disputed June 12 presidential election , the government headed by Islamic Guardian Ayatollah Khamanei and President Ahmadinejad has manifestly failed to quell the opposition challenge to its legitimacy .
Government officials , including police chief Esmail Ahmadi-Moqadam , had vowed that they would stamp out any attempt by supporters of Mousavi ’s “ Green Revolution ” to use Sunday ’s commemorations of Ashura , a Shiite holy day long associated with political protest , to stage anti-government actions .
Yet tens and probably hundreds of thousands joined anti-government protests , including in Esfahan and Najafabad — cities in central Iran that had been considered government strongholds .
While many of the protesters wore green , thereby identifying themselves with Mousavi ’s call for reform of the Islamic Republic , many also took up slogans that directly challenged its existence , including “ Death to the Dictator ! ”
A report in the New York Times said the opposition protests have begun to attract participants from working class south Teheran .
The protagonists of the Green Revolution — Mousavi , Khatami and Hashemi Rafsanjani , the billionaire capitalist , ex-president , and current head of the Assembly of Exerts and the Expediency Discernment Council — are all pillars of the Islamic Republic .
But they now find themselves in the nominal leadership of a movement that seems to be taking on a quasi- insurrectional character .
Iran ’s bourgeois clerical establishment has fractured under the impact of the world economic crisis , the mounting social contradictions of the Islamic Republic , and unrelenting pressure from US imperialism .
According to the Economist , Iran ’s economy grew just 0.5 percent in the past year , as oil revenue slumped from $ 82 billion in 2008 to less than $ 60 billion .
Official figures place inflation at over 15 percent and unemployment at more than 11 percent .
In 2005 , Ahmadinejad captured the presidency by posing as an opponent of the neo-liberal policies pursued by his predecessors , Khatami and Rafsanjani .
In fact he pressed forward with privatization , selling off some $ 63 billion in government assets , although , to the chagrin of Rafsanjani and other bazaar capitalists , much of the bounty went not to them , but to businessmen with close ties to the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps .
To offset pressure from below , Ahmadinejad used the increased state revenues that resulted from the 2005 - 2008 oil boom to boost social spending .
This policy was bitterly resented by powerful sections of the Iranian bourgeoisie , and under the impact of the economic crisis Ahmadinejad has been forced to announce plans for radical economic restructuring , involving the phasing out of food , energy , water , transport and other subsidies .
This has failed to satisfy his critics within the Iranian elite , who denounce him for promoting welfare dependency .
There are also sharp divisions over how to pursue the Iranian bourgeoisie ’s great power ambitions in the Persian Gulf region under conditions of unrelenting hostility from US imperialism .
Over the past two decades , Washington has repeatedly rebuffed Iranian offers for the normalization of relations and a “ grand bargain . ”
Instead , under Clinton , George W. Bush and now Obama , it has ratcheted up pressure on Teheran through sanctions , the promotion of “ regime change , ” and threats of military action .
Today , the US is waging war in three countries bordering Iran — Iraq , Afghanistan and Pakistan — and is threatening , come January 1 , to rally the other great powers to impose new and “ crippling ” sanctions against Teheran .
Last spring , with some fanfare , President Obama offered to “ engage ” with Teheran .
But as both he and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton explained , this in no way represented a softening of US demands that Teheran abandon its nuclear fuel program and , more generally , accept American dominance in the Middle East .
Rather , it was an attempt to exploit the fissures in the Iranian elite and lay the diplomatic groundwork for an escalation of sanctions .
Eight months later , the Obama administration is preparing to go beyond Bush and Cheney by pressing for a world gasoline export embargo on Iran , which , given Teheran ’s dependence on imported gasoline , would deliver a body blow to its economy .
At the same time , it is encouraging the “ Green Revolution , ” whose leaders — especially Rafsanjani and Khatami — have long been publicly identified with the push for a rapprochement with Washington .
The Iranian working class must take advantage of this crisis to mount its own challenge to the Islamic Republic .
The precondition for such a challenge is opposition to , and independence from , all factions of the bourgeoisie .
The Western media , with the virtual unanimous support of middle - class organizations that have lined up behind Obama to make their peace with imperialism , have proclaimed Iran ’s bourgeois opposition a “ democratizing ” movement .
But the basic needs of the Iranian people — freedom from imperialist oppression , democratic rights , jobs , public services and social equality — will not be achieved by aligning with any section of the national bourgeoisie , let alone one , as in the case of the leaders of the “ Green Revolution , ” that is eager to make a bargain with US imperialism and is pressing for more radical anti-working class socio-economic policies .
The tragedy of contemporary Iran is that the mighty anti-imperialist revolution of 1978 - 79 was hijacked and perverted by the bourgeoisie through a section of the clergy spouting Shia populism and Iranian nationalism .
What made this possible was the criminal policies pursued by the Tudeh , Iran ’s Stalinist party .
It subordinated the working class to the forces grouped around Ayatollah Khomeini , claiming that , as Iran is an oppressed country of belated capitalist development , the Iranian revolution could not go beyond the “ bourgeois - democratic ” stage .
Thirty years on , the lessons of this vital experience must be brought to the Iranian working class and serve to guide a revolutionary challenge to the Islamic Republic based on a socialist and internationalist program .
Keith Jones
Keith Jones
Dante ’s Inferno , a title which many are looking forward to before and after it ’s impressive trailer .
Developed by Visceral Games , the award - winning developers behind Dead Space .
Dante ’s Inferno is an ‘ Epic descent through Dante Alighieri ’s nine circles of hell – limbo , lust , gluttony , greed , anger , heresy , violence , fraud and treachery ’ .
PlayStation gamers who are awaiting the game , can finally get a taste of the game .
A Dante ’s Inferno demo will be introduced to the PlayStation Store as a free and playable download on December 10th .
The demo will include the entire first level from the title , so expect a good lengthy playthrough .
Here ’s an insight of what the level from the demo will include :
In Arizona , where state revenues are down 31 percent , the governor called an emergency cabinet meeting last week as the Senate bill was advancing and ordered the state to stop accepting applicants to its children ’s health insurance program .
The state , where voters approved an expansion of Medicaid in 2000 , projects that in the first seven years of an overhaul , its share of Medicaid would be $ 17 billion under the Senate bill .
Had Arizona not expanded coverage , the state ’s share would have been $ 1.4 billion , the state estimates .
“ You ’ll have taxpayers in Arizona raising taxes on themselves not only to support their program , but to cover all the other states expanding , ” said Thomas J. Betlach , the Medicaid director in Arizona .
“ I work for an insolvent entity ; we ca n’t afford the program we have . ”
The House bill would take effect in 2013 and expand Medicaid to cover Americans earning up to 150 percent of the federal poverty level , currently about $ 29,300 for a family of four and $ 14,400 for an individual .
The Senate bill would begin in 2014 and extend Medicaid to Americans making up to 133 percent of the federal poverty level .
Under the Senate bill , the federal government would pay the entire cost of expanding Medicaid to those not already eligible under state coverage for the first three years of the program .
The following three years , states that do not now have expanded coverage would be reimbursed at a higher rate than those states that do  in general , the states without expanded coverage would be paid back 95 percent of their costs , while those that have already expanded coverage would be reimbursed between 80 percent and 95 percent .
Medicaid reimbursement rates are based on per capita income ; wealthier states have smaller shares of their costs paid back .
The biggest hit to states that have already expanded will be in covering the people who are eligible now but have not signed up for coverage under the state ’s current program .
They are expected to enroll because the new legislation will require almost all Americans to have insurance .
States that have expanded already would not get any new matching funds for those people .
The Senate bill provides additional money only for those who are “ newly eligible . ”
For example , the federal government would pick up the entire cost for the first two years and 95 percent of the cost for the next three years for newly covered working parents in Alabama , which now covers only those making up to 24 percent of the federal poverty level .
So , the hype got to me .
Yesterday I headed to Verizon and bought a Motorola Droid , which runs Google ’s Android operating system .
Last night my friend Luke Kilpatrick came over and we compared the Droid to the Palm Pre and iPhone .
He ’s a bit biased toward the Palm , and ran the first Palm Pre Dev Camp but he ’s also a mobile freak and has an iPhone and an HTC Hero , which runs an older version of the Android OS .
Plus we get together with other people at the Ritz and compare phones regularly and I know he is fair and knows his stuff .
Why did I buy the Droid when I ’m a happy iPhone ?
Because for the past two days Dave Winer has been praising the Droid and because I want to stay up to date on what ’s going on on the Android OS .
It ’s one thing to try a phone for a couple of minutes , it ’s a whole nother thing to force yourself to use it .
For instance , if you see it in the store you might not see that the battery door keeps popping off .
If it does that after only a few hours of use it ’ll really bug the crap out of you after a year .
And that gives you some insight into why the Motorola Droid fails AS A PRODUCT when compared to the Palm Pre and iPhone .
Now , thousands of words have been written about the Droid here ’s Chris Brogan who praises the Droid .
CrunchGear did TWO in depth iPhone vs. Droid phone comparisons .
Here ’s the first .
Here ’s the second .
I HIGHLY recommend reading these .
They are right that Android is an interesting phone because it has interesting technology that goes further than the iPhone .
What is better about the Droid ?
1 . It has a FAR better screen .
The screen is amazing on the Droid .
The Palm Pre is similarly sharp but is very small .
2. Verizon is amazing .
It did n’t drop on the usual dead zone on my route home .
I have 3G in my house .
AT&T ?
Major fail .
3 . The call quality is noticeably better .
Dave Winer and I did a comparison last night ( we both kept our iPhones ) and the phone quality is noticeably better .
4 . There are some apps that are dramatically better .
Google ’s Voice ( which Mike Arrington loves ) and Google ’s Sky Map are two that have already stood out .
Other apps are noticeably not even close to as good .
Facebook and all the Twitter apps , for instance , are a LOT better on the iPhone .
5 . There are some features that are better on Android .
The text completion , for instance , is better on Android .
It shows you a selection of words it thinks you are trying to type .
Dave tells me it learns , too , from your usage .
Something iPhone does n’t do nearly as well .
6 . It has a physical keyboard .
More on that later .
7 . Developers say they like the Android platform better and find that they are able to push apps to customers faster than on iPhone .
( Palm Pre has the same advantages and Kilpatrick points out that its developer platform is based on web technologies ( Javascript and CSS ) rather than on harder - to - learn Java .
8. Integration with Google ’s apps ( calendar , mail , etc ) is better and deeper into the phone than on iPhone ( new Gmails pop up on top with an icon , for instance ) .
Anyway , if you read all of these you might be already headed out the door to buy the Droid .
Here is why you might not want to head out the door yet and why the Droid just is n’t a great product ( and , why , on the other hand , if you are a developer you should run now ) :
First , the out - of - box experience .
My first reaction was “ boy is the screen beautiful but boy am I overwhelmed by the complexity . ”
What do I mean by that ?
the iPhone has a far simpler UI .
You can only drag it one direction , left and right .
On the Droid you can drag the UI left and right and up and down .
This introduces a LOT more complexity .
I can see how geeks love it , though , because it ’s like getting another monitor .
More places to stick icons !
Dave Winer told me I would get over this complexity .
He ’s probably right , because I ’m a power user and can see the power in such an approach .
It just does n’t give you a nice out - of - box experience the way the iPhone does .
Normal people will try this phone at a Verizon store and not even understand why it feels more complicated .
Second , the hardware .
I totally disagree with CrunchGear on this point .
Greg Kumparak said that the Droid is “ a shining example of great industrial design . ”
Oh , please .
It ’s a phone an engineer could love .
Compared to the iPhone or the Palm Pre it is n’t even in the same league .
The battery door on the back proves my point .
The iPhone ?
They just got rid of the idea of replaceable batteries and the Palm Pre spent a LOT of time making sure that having a replaceable battery did NOT make the phone have a noticeable door .
The back of both the iPhone and the Palm Pre is smooth .
The back of the Droid is not .
That is NOT a shining example of great industrial design .
So , where else does the phone not measure up AS A PRODUCT ?
The Web browser .
Here , go to http://www.techmeme.com.
The iPhone displays it properly .
The Droid does not ( the right hand menu is underneath the content area ) .
This is one reason I ’ve turned away from Nokia phones .
If your web browser does n’t work right on the first few websites I visit , what ’s the chances it ’ll work right on your banking site , or when you go to ESPN or something ?
Where else does the Droid fall flat ?
Well , last night we went to YouTube on all of the phones .
Every phone displayed the high res videos except one : the Droid .
Come on now , this is a Google OS running a Google service .
It should work far better than the iPhone or the Palm Pre .
But it does n’t and there is n’t an obvious way to force the HD version to come down .
Major fail .
What else does it fall flat on ?
Most people , when I look at their iPhones , have a common set of apps .
Facebook is # 1 amongst them .
When I visited Apple ’s headquarters recently they had a huge screen with the top 3,000 apps displayed on it .
Each app blinked when the app was downloaded .
Which app was blinking the fastest ?
Facebook’s .
But Facebook ’s UI sucks on Droid compared to iPhone .
Most people will see this and say Droid sucks .
Just this one app will affect millions of people ’s decisions as to whether or not the phone is a real product .
If I were Google I ’d make sure that Facebook had BY FAR the best app on Android and if they were n’t willing to play ball with you I ’d build my own and put my best engineers on it .
And that comes to Twitter .
The best Twitter app on the Droid sucks ( everyone told me that Twidroid was the best app on the Droid for Twitter and , indeed , it has the highest ratings in the app store on the Droid ) .
It does not even come close to ANY of the top five apps on the iPhone , not to mention my favorite , Tweetie .
It is clear that the bleeding edge app developers are not yet putting their best work into the Android platform .
That is quickly changing , Pandora ’s founder , Tim Westergren , told me he is seeing the most growth in Android of all the platforms Pandora is available on and they are putting a lot of work into making sure Pandora rocks on Android , but it has n’t shown up in the apps most people will try .
At least not yet .
Some other reasons why the Droid is n’t a great product ?
The keyboard and cursor control just do n’t come up to the standards set by the Blackberry I had 10 years ago .
It ’s a low - cost glued on keyboard that just does n’t offer that many benefits over an optical keyboard .
I said on the podcast that I need a week to really give you feedback about why it ’s unsatisfying , but here ’s an example from my friend Steve Repetti : if you buy the optional case it peels the keyboard off !
I talked with Steve last night and he said he almost did n’t write the blog post because he really wants Android to succeed ( he ’s a developer , are you noticing a trend ? ) but that he wanted to warn people not to use the rubber “ bra . ”
This is an example of how the industrial design just was n’t thought out .
More and more I ’m liking Apple ’s decision to just get rid of the physical keyboard .
Yes , people gripe about not having a physical keyboard , but no keyboard makes the device a simpler and better - thought - out product .
Another reason ?
No multitouch .
I just talked with Dave Winer about this and he says it ’s the number one thing most people mention to him after he shows them his Droid .
It does n’t make sense , either , because other Android phones support multitouch ( pinching to make things zoom in and out ) .
If you really ca n’t use multitouch you MUST provide a better UI to zoom in .
Last night I was at the Ritz with my Droid and tried to show some people some photos of Mavericks .
I could not figure out how to zoom in .
Later I found that the zoom control was hidden in the corner .
Nice way to make me feel stupid .
i Phone never had this problem .
Another reason ?
In Verizon you could barely even tell that this was a huge product launch weekend .
One dinky little sign .
Now compare how Apple does the full - court press on its new products .
Everyone is wearing T - shirts .
There ’s tons of signage .
There ’s tons of excitement .
Our salesguy was excited but he was still carrying his old Blackberry .
That spoke volumes to me that Verizon really is n’t behind the Droid .
It ’s just another phone in a long list of phones to them .
Another reason ?
The camera sucks .
First of all , it ’s crashed on me several times .
The iPhone and Palm Pre cameras have never crashed on me .
Second , the iPhone camera seems magical .
You can touch the screen to tell it where to focus .
Do n’t care about that ?
Yeah , the Droid has a flash but the flash in the Palm Pre works a LOT better ( we took pictures last night in near darkness to compare ) .
The iPhone also has a much better selection of photo apps to use and manipulate your images .
Since the camera is an integral part of the experience , this one will leave most people unsatisfied .
I do love that the phone says “ 5 megapixel ” right under the camera .
The iPhone does n’t ( it ’s only a 3 , but I found the camera quality to be about the same so far , so even the extra megapixels amount to little more than talk without action ) .
Anyway , I could keep going .
I ’ll keep it at least a week and push myself to use it .
The voice quality is so much better that I might just use it as my phone and keep the iPhone for other things .
I ’m fortunate that I can afford to do that , but if I were forced into picking one , today , I ’d pick the iPhone without hesitating and I ’d recommend the same to everyone .
I told Dave Winer that it looks a lot like Windows 3.1 .
The Mac back then was way better , but we all know that Apple ended up in 1995 with a small market share compared to Windows 95 .
The thing is , the Droid is Windows 3.1 .
It is showing the momentum is shifting but now Google has to ship their metaphorical equivalent of Windows 95 .
It is n’t this phone .
That said , what do you think ?
Am I missing something ?
The Daily Telegraph has a disturbing report about an alleged compulsory plan to insert RFID microchip transponders in all dogs in the UK , and Yet Another National Database of human names , addresses and telephone numbers , which will not solve the underlying problems , and which will pose a Privacy and Security risk to millions of innocent people .
All dogs to be microchipped with owner 's details to ' help track pets '
All dogs in Britain will be fitted with microchips which contain their owner 's details , under cross party plans designed to track family pets .
By Andrew Hough
Published : 7:00 AM BST 28 Sep 2009
Owners will be forced to install the microchip containing a barcode that can store their pet 's name , breed , age and health along with their own address and phone number .
barcode ?
Surely not !
How exactly do you read one of those opticaly , when it is implanted under the skin and fur ?
Presumably the author means an implantable RFID transponder chip
This sort of glass encapsulated RFID transponder chip implant , designed for animal tagging , uses a low frequency of around 125KHz , with a reading range of about a metre .
High or microwave frequency , faster data rate , longer range RFIDchips etc. are of no use for implants , as those radio frequencies are strongly absorbed by living tissue .
The barcode 's details would then be stored on a national database which local councils could access in a bid to easily identify an owner 's pet .
What is the justification for this being a national database ?
Why not local Council based databases , with the minimum amount of data needed i.e. just the RFID chip serial number and a description of the dog , but with no names and addresses of humans whatsoever , except of those people who have actually reported a lost dog ?
The new scheme , supported by the Tories and Labour , is designed to curb the trade in stolen dogs , prevent the use of animals in anti-social or violent incidents and reduce the record number of stray dogs being found on British streets .
It is ludicrous to suggest that drug dealers or those involved in dog fighting etc. will ever submit their real details to such a National Dog Owners Database .
If your dog gets stolen by professional thieves , then it will be easily " re-chipped " , or " un-chipped " .
There is no economic incentive for them to do so at present , but as soon as compulsion is inflicted , the criminals will easily tool up .
Unscrupulous " puppy farm " breeders of pedigree dogs and dog thieves have been forging dog " identity papers " for hundreds of years , and this scheme will not prevent that either .
If your dog gets lost and you have had it chipped , then it is fair enough to include some minimal contact details and the RFID chip serial number , when you report it lost or stolen , but that does not justify creating another insecure national database containing the details of millions of dog owners who have not lost their dogs .
If an owner failed to insert a chip , at an estimated cost of about £ 10 , they could be fined or face the possibility of having their pet taken away .
Why will it be any more successful than the compulsory Dog Licence , which was abolished in 1987 under the then Conservative government , since it was unenforceable in practice , without an army of petty spies and snoopers , with around half of the dogs in the UK not having been registered . ?
See the House of Commons Library Research Paper 98/6 : Dogs
The chip would be installed once but if the owner 's personal details change the information on the database can be changed .
The chip , said to be the size of a rice granule , is implanted into the pet either behind the ears or between the shoulder blades .
Experts say the procedure is relatively painless for the animal and is over in a matter of seconds .
Not a " barcode " then .
Most pet and farm animal tagging systems only have enough memory to store a serial number in the RFID chip capsule .
- it is a bit hard to read an optical barcode which has been inserted inside the animal .
There is no way of protecting any human name , address and telephone number data unless the chip is at least as complex and as expensive as that in the biometric Passports or the planned ID Cards .
The plans , to be unveiled at the next election , were backed by animal charities , who say it was a quick , cheap and painless way of keeping tabs on animals .
So this is really more about controlling humans than about controlling dogs , a National Identity Register by stealth , for the millions of pet owners in the UK .
Who exactly is planning to set up this National Database ?
How much will it cost ?
How will it ever be secure against corrupt insider attacks ?
Who will regulate it ?
Who will enforce the mandatory registration aspect of it ?
What actual cost benefit will there be ?
The Labour government has never managed to come up with satisfactory answers for their National Identity Register scheme , so there is little chance that a compulsory National Dog Owners Register would be any different .
The Transportation Security Administration , under scrutiny after last month ’s bombing attempt , has on its Web site a “ mythbuster ” that tries to reassure the public .
Myth : The No - Fly list includes an 8 - year - old boy .
Buster : No 8 - year - old is on a T.S.A. watch list .
“ Meet Mikey Hicks , ” said Najlah Feanny Hicks , introducing her 8 - year - old son , a New Jersey Cub Scout and frequent traveler who has seldom boarded a plane without a hassle because he shares the name of a suspicious person .
“ It ’s not a myth . ”
Michael Winston
Hicks ’s mother initially sensed trouble when he was a baby and she could not get a seat for him on their flight to Florida at an airport kiosk ; airline officials explained that his name “ was on the list , ” she recalled .
The first time he was patted down , at Newark Liberty International Airport , Mikey was 2 .
He cried .
After years of long delays and waits for supervisors at every airport ticket counter , this year ’s vacation to the Bahamas badly shook up the family .
Mikey was frisked on the way there , then more aggressively on the way home .
Cultural Baggage is DTN 's longest running broadcast program with 17 years as of October 2018 .
We are proud to have more than three dozen affiliate stations in the US and Canada broadcasting our 29 minutes of unvarnished truth about the failure and futility of this eternal prohibition of drugs .
Produced by former cop Dean Becker at KPFT , Houston , one of the 5 Pacifica " sister " stations .
Remember what put the debate over net neutrality into high gear ?
In 2007 , EFF and the Associated Press confirmed suspicions that Comcast was clandestinely blocking BitTorrent traffic .
It was one of the first clear demonstrations that ISPs are technologically capable of interfering with your Internet connection , and that they may not even tell you about it .
After receiving numerous complaints , the FCC in 2008 stepped in and threw the book at Comcast , requiring them to stop blocking BitTorrent .
The Comcast - BitTorrent experience put net neutrality at the top of the FCC agenda .
Yet now that the FCC has formally issued draft net neutrality regulations , they have a huge copyright loophole in them — a loophole that would theoretically permit Comcast to block BitTorrent just like it did in 2007 — simply by claiming that it was " reasonable network management " intended to " prevent the unlawful transfer of content . "
You heard that right — under these conditions , the new proposed net neutrality regulations would allow the same practices that net neutrality was first invoked to prevent , even if these ISP practices end up inflicting collateral damage on perfectly lawful content and activities .
When we saw the loophole , we had to ask ourselves , " Is this real net neutrality ? "
And the answer was simply , " No . "
The entertainment industry is already pressuring ISPs to become copyright cops .
Carving a copyright loophole in net neutrality would leave your lawful activities at the mercy of overbroad copyright filtering schemes , and we already have plenty of experience with copyright enforcers targeting legitimate users by mistake , carelessness , or design .
If net neutrality regulations are to be taken seriously at all , then the loophole must be closed .
Sign the petition to demand real net neutrality from the FCC .
ATLANTA , Georgia ( CNN ) --
A new report published by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention finds that one in 110 children in the United States had autism in 2006 .
" The average prevalence of autism among 8 - year - olds increased by 57 percent , " according to Catherine Rice , lead author of the report and a behavioral health scientist at the CDC's National Center on Birth Defects and Developmental Disabilities .
The research shows that boys still outnumber girls in autism prevalence .
One in 70 boys were diagnosed with the disorder , compared with one in 315 girls .
However , girls diagnosed with autism often have more severe symptoms .
To better understand the prevalence of autism , the CDC reviewed the records of children diagnosed with autism from physicians and schools in 11 sites across the country that are part of the Autism and Developmental Disabilities Monitoring Network .
The new report tracks autism prevalence among 8 - year - olds from 2006 in 11 states and compares it with data collected at 14 monitoring sites in 2002 , when the prevalence of autism averaged 1 in 150 children .
Ten of these sites are represented in both reports .
Geri Dawson , chief science officer for the advocacy group Autism Speaks , said this report validates early estimates of how many children are affected by autism .
" We now have firm evidence that autism spectrum disorders affect a staggering 1 percent of children , and this increase cannot be fully accounted for by broader diagnosis or earlier diagnosis . "
" Autism spectrum disorder " is an umbrella term for three types of neurological disorders that can lead to significant social , communication and behavioral challenges .
According to the CDC , those are autistic disorder , or classic autism , and the two milder forms : Asperger 's syndrome and atypical autism called Pervasive Developmental Disorder - Not Otherwise Specified .
" I was surprised by the increase [ in prevalence ] , " Dr. Gary Goldstein said .
Goldstein is president and CEO of the Kennedy Krieger Institute in Baltimore , Maryland .
" Nine of the 10 sites had an increase ; nobody had a decrease , " Goldstein added .
The Kennedy Krieger Institute provides therapies and services for children with autism and conducts research to find the causes of autism spectrum disorders .
The institute also works with Autism Speaks .
Not all experts are convinced that there is a surge in autism cases .
Dr. Max Wiznitzer , a pediatric neurologist at Rainbow Babies & Children 's Hospital in Cleveland , Ohio , believes that some children may be given the autism label without meeting the actual case definition for the disorder .
He points to a part in the report that said 54 percent of children were confirmed as meeting the autism spectrum disorder case definition , which means almost half did not .
" This suggests that overdiagnosis is occurring in the population , " Wiznitzer said .
The CDC report also found a slight improvement in when children were diagnosed with the disorder .
The average age of diagnosis was 4 ½ years , a five - month improvement from 2002 .
But that 's too late , according to some experts .
" The other shocker for me is how little the age of diagnosis changed , " Goldstein said .
" What did n't change was the average age of parental concern . "
Rice says the new CDC report found that in most cases , parents had concerns before their children were 2 years old , and yet children were n't getting the official diagnosis until more than three years later .
The longer it takes for a child to get diagnosed with autism , the more the start of therapy is delayed .
" That is still too late , " Wiznitzer said .
He added that he would consider a diagnosis between 4 and 5 years a " late diagnosis " in his practice .
" We need to do a better job of identifying children earlier on . "
Goldstein agrees .
He says that to diagnose " at 53 months [ 4 ½ years ] is too late to get into early intervention .
We know that we can diagnose at 24 months , and we know early intervention works . "
Researchers say that the younger a child 's brain is , the more malleable it is , making it easier to help the child avoid long - term developmental disabilities with the help of therapy .
If children do n't start therapy until they are 4 or 5 years old , it is much harder to change their behavioral problems .
Watch one autism success story
Wiznitzer notes that CDC surveillance that three - quarters of children with autism were diagnosed by their health care providers .
" This means about 25 percent fell through the cracks at the doctor 's office , " he explained .
However , he said , the report shows that schools are doing a better job of recognizing autistic behavior .
The CDC's Rice said " there 's still quite a gap " and agrees that this is one of the big implications of this report .
She says that more awareness of symptoms of autism is needed so children can be diagnosed at an earlier age .
She points out that the CDC and the American Academy of Pediatrics provide information on what parents should look for .
Rice added that the pediatric group recommends that pediatricians screen all children for autism when they are 18 months and 24 months old .
Autism Speaks goes one step further and shows parents how a typically developed child behaves , compared with a child with autism .
They can see videos on the Autism Speaks Web site .
Autism Speaks '
Dawson said the new CDC report highlights a public health crisis .
She points to a Harvard study estimating that $ 35 billion is spent each year to care for people with autism , yet the government spent only $ 282 million this year on autism research -- a figure she says was higher than in 2008 in part because of funds from the federal stimulus .
Dawson said that in addition to research , there 's a dire need for services .
" There are 750,000 children with ASD [ in the United States ] .
We need services that can provide early diagnosis , early intervention , educational services .
The need for research and services is great , and we 're really asking the federal government to step up to the plate and address this public health crisis . "
Goldstein says there 's another component to getting a better handle on what causes autism : Parents and families need to participate in research .
He uses cancer as a model .
He said that if a child is diagnosed with cancer , about 95 percent of those children participate in clinical trials , which has yielded good results .
" The best example is leukemia , " he said , which has led to many children now being cured of this cancer .
" In autism , it 's really unusual for families to participate in research . "
Goldstein estimates that 5 percent of families with children with autism participate in research .
This new prevalence report does not address the causes of autism .
However , studies are looking into environmental factors that may trigger autism in those who are genetically prone to the disorder .
Analyst Dennis Gartman illustrates an excellent point in today 's Gartman Letter .
He explains how the United States is becoming increasingly reliant not on Saudi Arabia for oil , but rather , Canada .
One thing we wonder about .
What does this mean in terms of geopolitics ?
The US and Saudi Arabia have held a " special relationship " for while , driven in large part by oil co-dependancy .
It 's hard to see that holding up once the economic rationale evaporates .
The Gartman Letter : Finally , we ’ve taken two graphs that we found inordinately interesting from the IEA website and included them here this morning the page previous of the imports of crude oil from Canada and from Saudi Arabia into the US .
They tell a very , very clear story of steadily increased “ dependence ” by the US upon Canada for its crude oil needs and the very rapid non- dependence on the part of the US upon Saudi Arabian crude oil .
Simply put since 1993 when the US was “ taking ” something close to 25,000,000 barrels of crude a month from Canada the trend has been steadily and almost perfectly upward from the lower left to the upper right on the chart , to the point in recent month where the US has been importing something closer to 60,000,000 barrels of crude each month from Canada .
The story on the part of the Saudis is decidedly different .
Back in ’ 93 , the US was taking on the order of 40,000,000 barrels of crude from Saudi Arabia each month .
That grew … much more quietly that had the US “ dependence ” upon Canada for the imports of crude , but nonetheless steadily … to the point in ’08 where we were taking approximately 45,000,000 bpm from the Saudis .
Then the chart changed materially , for in the last several months our imports from the Saudis have fallen from the proverbial cliff , to the point where we are now taking an average of “ only ” 29,600,000 barrels of oil per month from them .
Why this sharp and very evident decline in the imports from Saudi Arabia has happened is open to debate , and we are open to possible explanation from our friends in the oil business ; however , the trends are clear as the US becomes very steadily more and more “ dependent ” upon Canada and less and less dependent upon the Saudi Arabians for its lifeline of crude oil .
Tomorrow we ’ll look at the imports from Mexico , the chart of which is almost as interesting as is today ’s chart of the Saudis .
Cost is the spectre haunting health reform .
For many decades , the great flaw in the American health - care system was its unconscionable gaps in coverage .
Those gaps have widened to become graves — resulting in an estimated forty - five thousand premature deaths each year — and have forced more than a million people into bankruptcy .
The emerging health - reform package has a master plan for this problem .
By establishing insurance exchanges , mandates , and tax credits , it would guarantee that at least ninety - four per cent of Americans had decent medical coverage .
This is historic , and it is necessary .
But the legislation has no master plan for dealing with the problem of soaring medical costs .
And this is a source of deep unease .
In medicine , as in agriculture , efficiency cannot be achieved by fiat .
Illustration by Francesco Bongiorni
Health - care costs are strangling our country .
Medical care now absorbs eighteen per cent of every dollar we earn .
Between 1999 and 2009 , the average annual premium for employer - sponsored family insurance coverage rose from $ 5,800 to $ 13,400 , and the average cost per Medicare beneficiary went from $ 5,500 to $ 11,900 .
The costs of our dysfunctional health - care system have already helped sink our auto industry , are draining state and federal coffers , and could ultimately imperil our ability to sustain universal coverage .
What have we gained by paying more than twice as much for medical care as we did a decade ago ?
The health - care sector certainly employs more people and more machines than it did .
But there have been no great strides in service .
In Western Europe , most primary - care practices now use electronic health records and offer after - hours care ; in the United States , most do n’t .
Improvement in demonstrated medical outcomes has been modest in most fields .
The reason the system is a money drain is not that it ’s so successful but that it ’s fragmented , disorganized , and inconsistent ; it ’s neglectful of low - profit services like mental - health care , geriatrics , and primary care , and almost giddy in its overuse of high - cost technologies such as radiology imaging , brand - name drugs , and many elective procedures .
At the current rate of increase , the cost of family insurance will reach twenty - seven thousand dollars or more in a decade , taking more than a fifth of every dollar that people earn .
Businesses will see their health - coverage expenses rise from ten per cent of total labor costs to seventeen per cent .
Health - care spending will essentially devour all our future wage increases and economic growth .
State budget costs for health care will more than double , and Medicare will run out of money in just eight years .
The cost problem , people have come to realize , threatens not just our prosperity but our solvency .
So what does the reform package do about it ?
Turn to page 621 of the Senate version , the section entitled “ Transforming the Health Care Delivery System , ” and start reading .
Does the bill end medicine ’s destructive piecemeal payment system ?
Does it replace paying for quantity with paying for quality ?
Does it institute nationwide structural changes that curb costs and raise quality ?
It does not .
Instead , what it offers is . . . pilot programs .
This has provided a soft target for critics .
“ Two thousand seventy - four pages and trillions of dollars later , ” Mitch McConnell , the Senate Minority Leader , said recently , “ this bill does n’t even meet the basic goal that the American people had in mind and what they thought this debate was all about : to lower costs . ”
According to the Congressional Budget Office , the bill makes no significant long - term cost reductions .
Even Democrats have become nervous .
For many , the hope of reform was to re-form the health - care system .
If nothing is done , the United States is on track to spend an unimaginable ten trillion dollars more on health care in the next decade than it currently spends , hobbling government , growth , and employment .
Where we crave sweeping transformation , however , all the current bill offers is those pilot programs , a battery of small - scale experiments .
The strategy seems hopelessly inadequate to solve a problem of this magnitude .
And yet — here ’s the interesting thing — history suggests otherwise .
At the start of the twentieth century , another indispensable but unmanageably costly sector was strangling the country : agriculture .
In 1900 , more than forty per cent of a family ’s income went to paying for food .
At the same time , farming was hugely labor - intensive , tying up almost half the American workforce .
We were , partly as a result , still a poor nation .
Only by improving the productivity of farming could we raise our standard of living and emerge as an industrial power .
We had to reduce food costs , so that families could spend money on other goods , and resources could flow to other economic sectors .
And we had to make farming less labor - dependent , so that more of the population could enter non-farming occupations and support economic growth and development .
America ’s agricultural crisis gave rise to deep national frustration .
The inefficiency of farms meant low crop yields , high prices , limited choice , and uneven quality .
The agricultural system was fragmented and disorganized , and ignored evidence showing how things could be done better .
Shallow plowing , no crop rotation , inadequate seedbeds , and other habits sustained by lore and tradition resulted in poor production and soil exhaustion .
And lack of coördination led to local shortages of many crops and overproduction of others .
You might think that the invisible hand of market competition would have solved these problems , that the prospect of higher income from improved practices would have encouraged change .
But laissez - faire had not worked .
Farmers relied so much on human muscle because it was cheap and did n’t require the long - term investment that animal power and machinery did .
The fact that land , too , was cheap encouraged extensive , almost careless cultivation .
When the soil became exhausted , farmers simply moved ; most tracts of farmland were occupied for five years or less .
Those who did n’t move tended to be tenant farmers , who paid rent to their landlords in either cash or crops , which also discouraged long - term investment .
And there was a deep - seated fear of risk and the uncertainties of change ; many farmers dismissed new ideas as “ book farming . ”
Things were no better elsewhere in the world .
For industrializing nations in the first half of the twentieth century , food was the fundamental problem .
The desire for a once - and - for - all fix led Communist governments to take over and run vast “ scientific ” farms and collectives .
We know what that led to : widespread famines and tens of millions of deaths .
The United States did not seek a grand solution .
Private farms remained , along with the considerable advantages of individual initiative .
Still , government was enlisted to help millions of farmers change the way they worked .
The approach succeeded almost shockingly well .
The resulting abundance of goods in our grocery stores and the leaps in our standard of living became the greatest argument for America around the world .
And , as the agricultural historian Roy V. Scott recounted , four decades ago , in his remarkable study “ The Reluctant Farmer , ” it all started with a pilot program .
In February , 1903 , Seaman Knapp arrived in the East Texas town of Terrell to talk to the local farmers .
He was what we ’d today deride as a government bureaucrat ; he worked for the United States Department of Agriculture .
Earlier in his life , he had been a farmer himself and a professor of agriculture at Iowa State College .
He had also been a pastor , a bank president , and an entrepreneur , who once brought twenty - five thousand settlers to southwest Louisiana to farm for an English company that had bought a million and a half acres of land there .
Then he got a position at the U.S.D.A. as an “ agricultural explorer , ” travelling across Asia and collecting seeds for everything from alfalfa to persimmons , not to mention a variety of rice that proved more productive than any that we ’d had .
The U.S.D.A. now wanted him to get farmers to farm differently .
And he had an idea .
Knapp knew that the local farmers were not going to trust some outsider who told them to adopt a “ better ” way of doing their jobs .
So he asked Terrell ’s leaders to find just one farmer who would be willing to try some “ scientific ” methods and see what happened .
The group chose Walter C. Porter , and he volunteered seventy acres of land where he had grown only cotton or corn for twenty - eight years , applied no fertilizer , and almost completely depleted the humus layer .
Knapp gave him a list of simple innovations to follow — things like deeper plowing and better soil preparation , the use of only the best seed , the liberal application of fertilizer , and more thorough cultivation to remove weeds and aerate the soil around the plants .
The local leaders stopped by periodically to confirm that he was able to do what he had been asked to .
The year 1903 proved to be the most disastrous for cotton in a quarter century , because of the spread of the boll weevil .
Nonetheless , at the end of the season Porter reported a substantial increase in profit , clearing an extra seven hundred dollars .
He announced that he would apply the lessons he had learned to his entire , eight - hundred - acre property , and many other farmers did the same .
Knapp had discovered a simple but critical rule for gaining coöperation : “ What a man hears he may doubt , what he sees he may possibly doubt , but what he does himself he cannot doubt . ”
The following year , the U.S.D.A. got funding to ramp up his activities .
Knapp appointed thirty - three “ extension agents ” to set up similar demonstration farms across Texas and into Louisiana .
The agents provided farmers with technical assistance and information , including comparative data on what they and others were achieving .
As experience accrued , Knapp revised and refined his list of recommended practices for an expanding range of crops and livestock .
The approach proved just as successful on a larger scale .
The program had no shortage of critics .
Southern Farm Magazine denounced it as government control of agriculture .
But , in 1914 , after two years of stiff opposition , Congress passed the Smith - Lever Act , establishing the U.S.D.A. Cooperative Extension Service .
By 1920 , there were seven thousand federal extension agents , working in almost every county in the nation , and by 1930 they had set up more than seven hundred and fifty thousand demonstration farms .
As Daniel Carpenter , a professor of government at Harvard , points out , the demonstration - farm program was just one of a hodgepodge of successful U.S.D.A. initiatives that began as pilots .
Another was devoted to comparative - effectiveness research : experimental stations were established — eventually , in every state — that set about determining the most productive methods for growing plants and raising livestock .
There was a pilot investigation program , which , among other things , traced a 1904 fruit - decay crisis in California to cuts in the fruit from stem clippers and the fingernails of handlers ( and , along the way , introduced modern packing methods industry - wide ) .
The U.S.D.A. ’s scientific capabilities grew into the world ’s greatest biological - discovery machine of the time .
The department invested heavily in providing timely data to farmers , so that they could make more rational planting decisions .
It ran the country ’s weather - forecasting system .
And its statistics service adopted crop-reporting systems from Europe that allowed it to provide independent crop forecasts — forecasts that , among other things , dramatically reduced speculation bubbles .
( In 1927 , Republicans , prompted by aggrieved New York speculators , managed to prohibit the U.S.D.A. from releasing the forecasts ; the program was reinstituted three years later , following an outcry from farmers . )
The department continuously updated its storehouse of technical assistance , so that when new technologies arrived — new hybrid varieties , new kinds of fertilizer , new forms of mechanization — farmers were able to make use of them more swiftly and effectively .
The U.S.D.A. established an information - broadcasting service .
A hundred and seventeen commercial and forty - six military radio stations carried crop reports ; printed reports were distributed to fifteen million farmers a year .
It also introduced a grading system for food — meat , eggs , dairy products , and fresh fruits and vegetables — to flag and discourage substandard quality .
What seemed like a hodgepodge eventually cohered into a whole .
The government never took over agriculture , but the government did n’t leave it alone , either .
It shaped a feedback loop of experiment and learning and encouragement for farmers across the country .
The results were beyond what anyone could have imagined .
Productivity went way up , outpacing that of other Western countries .
Prices fell by half .
By 1930 , food absorbed just twenty - four per cent of family spending and twenty per cent of the workforce .
Today , food accounts for just eight per cent of household income and two per cent of the labor force .
It is produced on no more land than was devoted to it a century ago , and with far greater variety and abundance than ever before in history .
This transformation , though critical to America ’s rise as a superpower , involved some painful dislocations : farms were consolidated ; unproductive farmers were winnowed out .
As the historian Sally Clarke , of the University of Texas at Austin , has pointed out , it ’s astonishing that the revolution took place without vast numbers of farm foreclosures and social unrest .
We cushioned the impact of the transformation — with , for instance , price supports that smoothed out the price decline and avoided wholesale bankruptcies .
There were compromises and concessions and wrong turns .
But the strategy worked , because United States agencies were allowed to proceed by trial and error , continually adjusting their policies over time in response not to ideology but to hard measurement of the results against societal goals .
Could something like this happen with health care ?
There are , in human affairs , two kinds of problems : those which are amenable to a technical solution and those which are not .
Universal health - care coverage belongs to the first category : you can pick one of several possible solutions , pass a bill , and ( allowing for some tinkering around the edges ) it will happen .
Problems of the second kind , by contrast , are never solved , exactly ; they are managed .
Reforming the agricultural system so that it serves the country ’s needs has been a process , involving millions of farmers pursuing their individual interests .
This could not happen by fiat .
There was no one - time fix .
The same goes for reforming the health - care system so that it serves the country ’s needs .
No nation has escaped the cost problem : the expenditure curves have outpaced inflation around the world .
Nobody has found a master switch that you can flip to make the problem go away .
If we want to start solving it , we first need to recognize that there is no technical solution .
Much like farming , medicine involves hundreds of thousands of local entities across the country — hospitals , clinics , pharmacies , home - health agencies , drug and device suppliers .
They provide complex services for the thousands of diseases , conditions , and injuries that afflict us .
They want to provide good care , but they also measure their success by the amount of revenue they take in , and , as each pursues its individual interests , the net result has been disastrous .
Our fee - for - service system , doling out separate payments for everything and everyone involved in a patient ’s care , has all the wrong incentives : it rewards doing more over doing right , it increases paperwork and the duplication of efforts , and it discourages clinicians from working together for the best possible results .
Knowledge diffuses too slowly .
Our information systems are primitive .
The malpractice system is wasteful and counterproductive .
And the best way to fix all this is — well , plenty of people have plenty of ideas .
It ’s just that nobody knows for sure .
The history of American agriculture suggests that you can have transformation without a master plan , without knowing all the answers up front .
Government has a crucial role to play here — not running the system but guiding it , by looking for the best strategies and practices and finding ways to get them adopted , county by county .
Transforming health care everywhere starts with transforming it somewhere .
But how ?
We have our models , to be sure .
There are places like the Mayo Clinic , in Minnesota ; Intermountain Healthcare , in Utah ; the Kaiser Permanente health - care system in California ; and Scott & White Healthcare , in Texas , that reliably deliver higher quality for lower costs than elsewhere .
Yet they have had years to develop their organizations and institutional cultures .
We do n’t yet know how to replicate what they do .
Even they have difficulties .
Kaiser Permanente has struggled to bring California - calibre results to North Carolina , for instance .
Each area has its own history and traditions , its own gaps in infrastructure , and its own distinctive patient population .
To figure out how to transform medical communities , with all their diversity and complexity , is going to involve trial and error .
And this will require pilot programs — a lot of them .
Pick up the Senate health - care bill — yes , all 2,074 pages — and leaf through it .
Almost half of it is devoted to programs that would test various ways to curb costs and increase quality .
The bill is a hodgepodge .
And it should be .
The bill tests , for instance , a number of ways that federal insurers could pay for care .
Medicare and Medicaid currently pay clinicians the same amount regardless of results .
But there is a pilot program to increase payments for doctors who deliver high - quality care at lower cost , while reducing payments for those who deliver low - quality care at higher cost .
There ’s a program that would pay bonuses to hospitals that improve patient results after heart failure , pneumonia , and surgery .
There ’s a program that would impose financial penalties on institutions with high rates of infections transmitted by health - care workers .
Still another would test a system of penalties and rewards scaled to the quality of home health and rehabilitation care .
Processo breve : il Senato assolve .
( O anche : il Senato approva il piano B )
Le reazioni non si fanno attendere : Napolitano ha ricaricato la Montblanc .
Il provvedimento rischia di far saltare i procedimenti a carico di Berlusconi : ma allora la sua è proprio fortuna !
( Forse vogliono solo risparmiarci le polemiche sulla sua futura riabilitazione )
Mentre il Pdl festeggiava , l’opposizione mostrava dei cartelli .
Con su scritto “ Noi siamo l’opposizione ” .
Finocchiaro : “ Denegata giustizia ” .
Forse il mio farmacista capirà .
Gasparri : “ Non si tratta di un processo breve : nel testo la parola ‘ breve ’ non c’è ” .
Quindi non si tratta nemmeno di una riforma di merda .
“ Ci sono giudici che sembrano astrologi ” .
Per non parlare dei colpevoli che sembrano perseguitati .
Nel gruppo del Pdl si registra il dissenso di Enrico Musso , del quale non sentiremo mai più parlare .
Haiti , Bertolaso critica i soccorsi : “ Si pensa più allo show che alle persone ” .
E lui sa di cosa parla .
( Berlusconi lo ha subito ripreso .
Sulle figure di merda all ’estero pretende l’esclusiva )
Arriva la pillola dei “ 5 giorni dopo ” .
Aumenta notevolmente le tue chances in caso di farmacisti cattolici .
Aumenti di stipendio agli insegnanti di religione .
Ehi , ma la ricompensa non era ultraterrena ?
Materazzi esulta con la maschera di Berlusconi .
Almeno lunedì siamo riusciti a vederlo a un processo .
Eurispes : il 70 % degli italiani si fida di Napolitano .
O almeno crede alla sua esistenza .
La religiosità rallenta la demenza senile .
Ma non ha un buon testimonial .
Lo studio è stato effettuato dall ’Università di Padova .
Presto sarà esteso anche agli esseri umani .
Andreotti spegne 91 candeline .
Con la sola presenza .
Andreotti spegne 91 candeline .
Quanti ne ha seppelliti !
Andreotti spegne 91 candeline .
La postura permette questo ed altro .
“ Anche quest ’anno ce l’ho fatta , grazie a Dio ” ha detto Andreotti .
La replica di Dio : “ Guarda , fosse per me … ” .
( 91 anni !
Evidentemente nell ’ aldilà non lo vogliono nemmeno per un minuto più del necessario )
Andreotti compie 91 anni .
Ma il fatto non sussiste .
Andreotti è così vecchio che quando è arrivata la torta con le candeline tutti hanno pensato fosse una fiaccolata antimafia .
Andreotti fa 91 .
Ma continua a fare paura .
New York , donna cade su un quadro di Picasso .
Dispersa .
Commenti
fat fin·ger | fat ' fi NG gər | , verb , to enter a trade order incorrectly into an electronic stock trading system :
He fat - fingered that sell order by accidentally adding two zeroes .
The term comes from the idea of a clumsy , " fat - fingered " typist , who presses extra keys without being aware of it .
As the practice of high - frequency trading continues to become more widespread , concerns are growing that erroneous trades carried out by " algos gone wild " — a sort of digitally amplified version of the " fat finger " phenomenon — could cause a market crash at Internet speed , a meltdown that no one could stop .
Two recent market glitches could provide a preview of what 's to come .
Double - click of death : the Credit Suisse fiasco
Like Goldman , Sachs and other large banks , Credit Suisse has a proprietary trading desk — i.e. , a division of the bank that trades stocks and derivatives in order to make money for the bank itself ( instead of for the bank 's customers ) .
And , like other banks in its class , much of this proprietary trading is now done entirely by computers that execute trades by the millisecond based on tiny , fleeting fluctuations in a stock 's price .
On November 14 , 2007 at 3:20 pm one of Credit Suisse 's trading algorithms suddenly went haywire , and , in a few moments , sent hundreds of thousands of bogus requests to the exchange .
This sudden surge of requests , which were cancellations for a large batch of orders that the machine had never actually sent out , acted like a denial - of - service attack on some parts of the New York Stock Exchange .
The messages clogged the tubes and caused parts of the exchange to freeze up , affecting trading in 975 stocks .
After an extensive investigation , the NYSE assessed a $ 150,000 fine for Credit Suisse 's " failing to adequately supervise the development , deployment and operation of a proprietary algorithm , including a failure to implement procedures to monitor certain modifications made to the algorithm . "
The exchange 's filing , released a little over a week ago , has the details of precisely what drove the algorithm haywire — it was a trader who accidentally double - clicked an icon in a trading program 's interface , when he should 've single - clicked .
No , I am not making that up .
And you thought butterfly ballots were bad UI design
The algorithm that choked is part of a program called SmartWB , and it was designed to spit out a constant stream of trading orders all day long , using a set of fixed parameters .
These orders would be transmitted to the NYSE , where they would go into a queue and wait to be executed .
A few days prior to the incident , a programmer took it upon himself to unilaterally improve SmartWB by adding a new user input feature , which would let a trader change a certain parameter on - the - fly .
When a user changed the parameter , all the new orders that came out of SmartWB would reflect the change , and all of the existing orders in the queue waiting to be executed would instead be cancelled and replaced with otherwise identical orders that contained the tweaked parameter .
The interface for inputting this new parameter was really simple — and really , really stupid .
There was a box for the trader to enter a number , and a pair of arrows next to the box : " up " and " down . "
Pressing the " up " arrow would revise the parameter upwards by the amount in the box , and pressing the " down " arrow would revise it downwards .
After you clicked an arrow button , the new parameter would instantly take effect for all new orders , and all existing , queued orders would be cancelled and replaced with orders that reflected the change — no " Are you sure ? " dialog box or any other form of sanity check , just instant execution .
The lack of feedback and " forgiveness " in the interface element would have been bad enough , but there was another problem , and one that would have been uncovered during testing ... if there had been any testing , which there had not .
On November 14 , a few seconds after 3:20 , a trader put a number in the box and then double - clicked the " up " arrow .
This double - click was interpreted by SmartWB as two separate clicks , so the system dutifully sent out a second batch of cancel / replace orders in addition to the batch that was intended by the trader .
This sudden flood of cancel / replace orders , half of which were requesting cancellation of orders that had never been sent , overwhelmed the system and backed up five of the posts on the NYSE trading floor .
The incident was n't a major catastrophe by any measure — it cost money , and overloaded a few posts near the close of the trading day , but otherwise it had no lasting effects .
And the errors involved — a stray click , a bad UI decision , failures of testing and oversight — were all human errors , albeit amplified many times over by the speed and power of the network .
You might even say that trader 's the stray click was like the proverbial flutter of a butterfly 's wing in China , except it did n't quite cause a hurricane in the Atlantic — just a nasty downpour .
Since 2007 , our markets have moved drastically further in the direction of complete automation .
But it 's not clear that Wall Street 's programmers have made correspondingly large leaps in testing , UI design , and version control .
Indeed , on message boards and blogs , day traders who follow the market tick - by - tick swap stories of huge swings in a stock price , where a stock plunges or spikes but then corrects in a few minutes , after the exchange realizes there was an error and cancels the trades .
These glitches are typically attributed to high - frequency trading algorithms gone temporarily insane — " algos gone wild " is the preferred phrase .
It is suspected that Rambus 's stock was the victim of of an algorithm - driven selloff early this year .
The Rambus incident
On the afternoon of January 4 , 2010 , Rambus 's stock lost 35 percent of its value in a matter of seconds .
NASDAQ ended up canceling all trades at or below $ 20.73 , and blamed the error on some unspecified trader 's " fat finger . "
Anecdotally , bizarre market action like this is becoming a fact of life for day traders , who now have to take extra measures to guard against being hurt by these moves .
For instance , many day traders use automated " trailing stops " if they 're going to be away from a terminal for a few hours — these stops dictate that if a stock drops by a certain amount , then the trader 's platforms should put in an automated sell order to dump the security before it goes down even further .
If a trader was using an automated trailing stop on Rambus on January 4th , his system would 've dumped the stock automatically , incurring a trading fee and possibly even losing money , only to see the stock jump back up again .
Of course , the fact that such computer - driven volatility hurts day traders matters little to long - term investors .
But the fear is that these glitches are fleeting indications that the system as a whole is vulnerable and unstable , and that the right combination of circumstances could cause what happend to RMBS to happen on a wider scale .
This is especially true as even more of the trading activity , even among individual traders , shifts to automated platforms .
Epilogue : From mainframe to PC
One trend of the past year that has been covered at the Financial Times and other outlets is the democratization of computer - automated trading .
Small two - and three - person trading shops , manned by a laid - off quant or two and a programmer , are cropping up all over the country and combining the latest gaming - oriented GPU and CPU hardware with standard electronic trading accounts to do algorithmic trading on a small scale .
Because these groups are using commodity gaming hardware to generate " buy " and " sell " orders that are then transmitted to the market using standard retail trading software , there 's no way to tell them apart from normal ( human ) day traders .
Thus , there 's absolutely no way to gauge how large of a phenomenon this actually is .
The Obama administration 's efforts to rein in high - frequency trading by eliminating flash orders and banning proprietary trading ( much of which is HFT - based ) from large banks will probably have the effect of leveling the playing field a bit for these smaller algo shops .
As Matthew Goldstein at points out in his Reuters article on the topic , the prop desks may disappear , but the software and expertise will not .
Instead of being concentrated at a few large banks , algo trading will just spread , as the talent behind it either jumps to new funds or goes solo .
And if , thanks to further government intervention , the big boys ultimately lose some of the latency advantage that their deep pockets buy them , then the future of the market could well belong to hundreds of thousands of small trading operations who , instead of playing Crysis on their top - of - the - line Alienware systems , use them to print money instead .
Puisqu'ils gagnent , taxons - les !
Le chef de l'Etat , Nicolas Sarkozy , vient donc d'ajouter sa voix au choeur des " pleureuses " qui réclamaient de longue date que le géant américain de l'Internet Google soit puni pour sa domination insolente du marché de la publicité en ligne .
Le président français veut que Google paie une partie de ses impôts en France - c'est , par parenthèse , déjà le cas .
Cette volonté élyséenne fait suite à la proposition du rapport " Création et Internet " commandé par le gouvernement , préconisant une taxe de 1 % à 2 % sur la publicité en ligne qui aiderait à subventionner , notamment , l'industrie de la musique ou d'autres fournisseurs de contenus .
Ces idées n'ont pas de sens .
Elles pourraient même se retourner contre leurs bénéficiaires présumés .
La France a régulièrement cherché à entraîner ses partenaires européens dans une série d'aventures destinées à concurrencer Google , promu au statut de " Grand Satan " de la domination américaine .
Ces efforts généreusement subventionnés ont régulièrement échoué , manquant à la fois de technologies incontestables et de marchés solvables .
Google semble désormais pour le gouvernement français la cause et le symbole de la crise qui frappe l'industrie des médias , violemment remise en cause par le Net .
Comme si cette entreprise était responsable du téléchargement illégal de la musique , ou de la baisse de diffusion des journaux .
Comme toujours lorsqu'un choc technologique menace des situations acquises , les responsables français trouvent refuge dans le réflexe pavlovien " taxe et subventionne " .
Dans ce jeu pervers , tout le monde est complice .
Les sites d'information en ligne ont tendu la sébile pour solliciter du gouvernement des subsides équivalents à ceux dont les journaux bénéficient de longue date - et compte tenu de l'avidité naturelle du gouvernement pour se créer des obligés , ils les ont obtenus .
La presse écrite , de son côté , demande désormais des aides pour l'aider à mieux négocier le tournant du Net : ne doutons pas qu'elle les obtiendra .
Enfin , l'industrie de la musique quémande évidemment de l'aide - lisons : des fonds publics - pour compenser l'insupportable outrage du téléchargement sauvage .
Compte tenu de l'ampleur du déficit de son propre budget , le gouvernement doit bien trouver de l'argent quelque part .
Mais frapper les Google , Yahoo !
et autres Microsoft d'un impôt taillé sur mesure n'est pas seulement une mesure protectionniste .
C'est aussi un acte défaitiste .
La mutation de la publicité vers le Net doit être encouragée , pas taxée .
Et les subsides d'Etat ne font qu'installer les médias dans l'illusion suicidaire que la recherche pourtant cruciale de lecteurs payants peut encore attendre un peu .
Pour plus de commentaires , connectez - vous sur .
Pierre Briançon
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
The Magazine answers ...
Police have issued a picture of how Madeleine McCann might look now , two - and - a - half years after she disappeared from a Portuguese holiday resort .
But how do you go about ageing someone ?
THE CHANGES 1 : Eyes largely stay the same , though pupils may shrink 2 : Nose will grow outwards and become more defined 3 : Bone and teeth growth will change face shape 4 : Mouth will be larger 5 : Chin will have grown out and downwards Source : Auriole Prince
Video targets Madeleine witnesses Madeleine McCann 's face is probably one of the most recognisable in the world , but it is the face of a four - year - old Madeleine and that is the problem .
Two - and - a - half years after she vanished from a Portuguese holiday flat , police have issued age - progressed images of how she may look today .
They are aimed at " pricking the conscience " of people who know what happened to her .
But how are the pictures created ?
Police use specialist age - progression artists to generate such images .
They use different techniques , including drawing , but usually produce computer - generated images .
There is no specific age - progression software , but the artist uses existing computer packages to manipulate features .
As a child grows their eyes will largely stay the same but everything below the eyes grows outwards and downwards , says age - progression artist Auriole Prince .
" Trying to show how this growth changes a face is like piecing together a puzzle , " she says .
" There 's an upside down triangle between the eyes , nose and the mouth .
The relationship between these features is the most important in keeping the likeness . "
Ideally an artist will have an original portrait - style photograph of the person who is going to be age - progressed , along with other photos showing them at different angles and with varying expressions .
Madeleine , left , and two aged - progressed photos of her They also use photographs of other family members .
As a rough guide , 70 to 75 % of an age - progressed face can be extrapolated from pictures of the subject 's parents taken at the same age as the child , says Ms Prince .
Pictures of siblings will also be helpful .
Along with artistic skills , age - progression artists also need to have a good knowledge of the anatomy of the face .
This is because bone growth and dental changes can have a real impact on what a person looks like , especially at certain ages .
" From age four to six , like Madeleine , a person will go through a lot of changes , " says Ms Prince , who works with police and also worked for the National Missing Persons Helpline for eight years .
She trained in the US with the FBI and the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children .
" But some of the biggest alterations take place from age seven to eight .
This is because a person 's underlying bone structure really grows , milk teeth fall out and the new teeth emerge . "
Contrary to popular belief , a child 's eyes do not remain the same size from birth .
But their growth is minimal compared with the lower face .
However , an age progression artist will sometimes shrink the iris- revealing more whites of the eyes - to imply aging , says Ms Prince .
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
A regular part of the BBC News Magazine , Who , What , Why ?
aims to answer some of the questions behind the headlines
In cases of vanished children , the child must usually have been missing for at least two years to warrant an age progression image , says Ms Prince .
The child must also tend to be at least two at the time they went missing .
In terms of success in reproducing a likeness , Ms Prince stresses age progression is more about renewing publicity and moving on the public 's perception of a person , than creating a facsimile of what a person may look like .
They are often used in long - running missing persons cases like Ben Needham , who disappeared on the Greek island of Kos in 1991 .
" In this case the public will still be looking for the four - year - old Madeleine and the police want them to look for six - year - old girl , " says Ms Prince .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
On this date , March 3 , 1968 , Jean Beliveau scored for the Montreal Canadiens in a 5 - 2 loss to the Red Wings to become the second player in NHL history with 1,000 points .
It was his 911th NHL game , 27 games earlier than Gordie Howe , who had reached point No. 1,000 on Nov. 27 , 1960 , his 938th NHL game .
In honor of that Hall of Fame accomplishment , we wanted to share this great piece about Mr. Beliveau from the THW Archives , written by former contributor Kevin Hunter and originally published on Jan. 22 , 2010 .
One of my fondest memories , from the time I was ten years old , was spending Tuesday nights with my dad at the Montreal Forum .
At the time , Junior hockey was thriving with three teams representing Montreal – the Royals , the Nationales and the Junior Canadiens .
Every Tuesday there was a doubleheader involving two of the teams and opponents from all over the province of Quebec .
At that time , pre-draft , Canadiens owned the rights to each and every prospect in the Province of Quebec .
By attending these games , avid hockey fans could see the future stars of the NHL as they grew into their professional careers .
When the Quebec Citadelles came to town their star player was a smooth - skating , hard - shooting playmaker by the name of Jean Beliveau , already chosen by the fans and the press for a spot in the Hall of Fame .
Playing right wing for the Nationales was another sure - fire pro with a wicked shot , Bernard Geoffrion , whom the press dubbed “ Boom Boom ” .
The third major star in the QJHL was Dickie Moore , the leading scorer on the Montreal Junior Canadiens .
Realizing the inevitable , Montreal hockey fans could not wait for this trio to make it to the big league and unite on a line for Les Canadiens .
Visions of Stanley Cup championships danced in their heads .
As the Montreal fans waited with bated breath , dark clouds appeared on the horizon of this blessed event .
The owner of the Quebec Aces in the Quebec Senior Hockey League sat Beliveau down and convinced him to stay in Quebec City and play for the Aces , where he would pay him as well or better than they would in Montreal .
Though Canadiens owned his pro-rights , the QSHL was still designated amateur , despite the salaries of the players , so there was no way he could be forced to join the NHL .
For two years he stayed put and led the QSHL in scoring both years .
In that second year , in a brief “ tryout ” stint of three games , the most allowed without turning pro , Beliveau scored five goals .
Finally , in a brilliant strategic move , Frank Selke of the Canadiens bought the entire QSHL league , turned it pro , and told Beliveau to report in the fall to Montreal .
Before leaving Quebec City in 1953 , Jean proposed to and married Elaine Couture , the love of his life , a union that has lasted 58 years .
That fall , the three junior stars were reunited on one line wearing the Bleu , Blanc et Rouge .
It was the beginning of a magnificent career for the players and a lifetime of service to the team for the man .
All three would end up in the Hockey Hall of Fame .
Jerseys with the numbers 4 , 5 and 12 fly high above the ice in the Bell Center , never to be worn again .
Starting in 1953 - 54 , Jean Beliveau played eighteen full seasons for the Canadiens , retiring in 1971 .
In those years he broke all the team ’s scoring records , winning ten Stanley Cups in the process , five as Captain .
He was awarded the first Conn Smythe trophy in its inception year ( 1965 ) , two Hart trophies for MVP and one Art Ross trophy , winning the scoring championship in 1955 - 56 .
His reign as the dominant center in the league created thrill after thrill , night after night , for his loyal fans who filled every seat in the Forum every night he played .
After retiring as a player Beliveau joined the front office as the Canadiens ’ Ambassador at Large , thus having his name inscribed on the Stanley Cup seven more times as an executive , making a total of seventeen rings .
Through all this he has remained above all a loyal husband , father and grandfather to his girls .
When offered the office of Governor - General of Canada a few years ago , he graciously declined , not wanting to spend that much time away from his family .
Le Gros Bill , as he was affectionately called , accomplished all of his boyhood dreams on and off the ice but , most of all , he quietly led the league in Class .
Get well soon , Mr. Beliveau .
From CNN's State of the Union , Sen. Jim DeMint saying we need to " take the politics out of " the debate over how to respond to the attempted Christmas terrorist attack , while playing politics with the attempted Christmas terrorist attack .
While Gloria Borger did at least ask a follow up question on how the President has down - played the risk of terror , which he did a terrible job of stumbling through answering , but here are the questions I wish these reporters were asking instead .
Why do you think torturing someone is one , acceptable , and two reliable , since people will just tell you what you want to hear to make the torture stop .
And for Clair McCaskill , why do you think dropping more bombs on poor people 's heads is going to help end terrorism .
It 's pathetic that endless war and torture have just become an acceptable part of our political dialog with the politicians and the Villagers , instead of something to be horrified by .
DEMINT : Gloria , if we -- if we had treated this Christmas Day bomber as a terrorist , he would have immediately been interrogated military - style , rather given -- rather than given the rights of an American and lawyers .
We probably lost valuable information .
It does come down to a decision of whether or not this is an act of war , an agent of terror , or just a criminal act .
So there 's some real implications of the direction that 's being taken now .
I agree with Senator McCaskill .
We need to take the politics out of this .
But there 's no question that the president has down - played the risk of terror since he took office .
He is investigating the CIA , rather than build them up .
BORGER : How has he -- Senator DeMint , how -- how has he down - played the risk of terror ?
DEMINT : Well , it begins with not even being willing to use the word .
BORGER : Well , aside from the semantics , aside from that .
DEMINT : Aside from the semantics , he 's been completely distracted by other things , as has already been -- been mentioned , and he is not focused on building security and intelligence apparatus of our country .
The last administration , President Bush made a huge mistake by sending the Yemenis back .
The core leadership of Al Qaeda now is made up of those folks who were at the Gitmo prison .
We can't make that mistake again .
So it 's not just about this administration .
It 's about losing our focus on security .
And I 'm -- I 'm afraid politics and political correctness has -- has become front and center of this debate .
MCCASKILL : You know , that 's just not true .
This president has focused like a laser on how to keep this country safe .
His commitment his Afghanistan , even though there are those in his party that were -- that were very critical of a position he took , he took the time and the energy to determine that us ramping up in Afghanistan should have been done a long time ago .
That 's a -- a breeding ground for terrorists .
This is a president that is taking strong action and is building up our intelligence community .
BORGER : Senator DeMint , Senator McCaskill , thanks for being with us this morning .
DEMINT : Thank you , Gloria .
MCCASKILL : Thank you .
Happy New Year .
DEMINT : Happy New Year , Claire .
BORGER : You , too .
MCCASKILL : Thanks , Jim .
A network of cameras deployed around the Arctic in support of NASA 's THEMIS mission has made a startling discovery about the Northern Lights .
Sometimes , vast curtains of aurora borealis collide , producing spectacular outbursts of light .
Movies of the phenomenon were unveiled on December 17 at the Fall Meeting of the American Geophysical Union in San Francisco .
" Our jaws dropped when we saw the movies for the first time , " said space scientist Larry Lyons of the University of California - Los Angeles ( UCLA ) , a member of the team that made the discovery .
" These outbursts are telling us something very fundamental about the nature of auroras . "
The collisions occur on such a vast scale that isolated observers on Earth -- with limited fields of view -- had never noticed them before .
It took a network of sensitive cameras spread across thousands of miles to get the big picture .
NASA and the Canadian Space Agency created such a network for THEMIS , short for " Time History of Events and Macroscale Interactions during Substorms . "
THEMIS consists of five identical probes launched in 2006 to solve a long - standing mystery :
Why do auroras occasionally erupt in an explosion of light called a substorm ?
Twenty all - sky imagers ( ASIs ) were deployed across the Alaskan and Canadian Arctic to photograph auroras from below while the spacecraft sampled charged particles and electromagnetic fields from above .
Together , the on - ground cameras and spacecraft would see the action from both sides and be able to piece together cause and effect -- or so researchers hoped .
It seems to have worked .
The breakthrough came earlier this year when UCLA researcher Toshi Nishimura assembled continent - wide movies from the individual ASI cameras .
" It can be a little tricky , " Nishimura said .
" Each camera has its own local weather and lighting conditions , and the auroras are different distances from each camera .
I 've got to account for these factors for six or more cameras simultaneously to make a coherent , large - scale movie . "
The first movie he showed Lyons was a pair of auroras crashing together in Dec. 2007 .
" It was like nothing I had seen before , " Lyons recalled .
" Over the next several days , we surveyed more events .
Our excitement mounted as we became convinced that the collisions were happening over and over . "
advertisement
The explosions of light , they believe , are a sign of something dramatic happening in the space around Earth -- specifically , in Earth 's " plasma tail . "
Millions of kilometers long and pointed away from the sun , the plasma tail is made of charged particles captured mainly from the solar wind .
Sometimes called the " plasma sheet , " the tail is held together by Earth 's magnetic field .
The same magnetic field that holds the tail together also connects it to Earth 's polar regions .
Because of this connection , watching the dance of Northern Lights can reveal much about what 's happening in the plasma tail .
THEMIS project scientist Dave Sibeck of NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center , Greenbelt , Md. said , " By putting together data from ground - based cameras , ground - based radar , and the THEMIS spacecraft , we now have a nearly complete picture of what causes explosive auroral substorms , "
Lyons and Nishimura have identified a common sequence of events .
It begins with a broad curtain of slow - moving auroras and a smaller knot of fast - moving auroras , initially far apart .
The slow curtain quietly hangs in place , almost immobile , when the speedy knot rushes in from the north .
The auroras collide and an eruption of light ensues .
How does this sequence connect to events in the plasma tail ?
Lyons believes the fast - moving knot is associated with a stream of relatively lightweight plasma jetting through the tail .
The stream gets started in the outer regions of the plasma tail and moves rapidly inward toward Earth .
The fast knot of auroras moves in synch with this stream .
Meanwhile , the broad curtain of auroras is connected to the stationary inner boundary of the plasma tail and fueled by plasma instabilities there .
When the lightweight stream reaches the inner boundary of the plasma tail , there is an eruption of plasma waves and instabilities .
This collision of plasma is mirrored by a collision of auroras over the poles .
National Science Foundation - funded radars located in Poker Flat , Alaska , and Sondrestrom , Greenland , confirm this basic picture .
They have detected echoes material rushing through Earth 's upper atmosphere just before the auroras collide and erupt .
The five THEMIS spacecraft also agree .
They have been able to fly through the plasma tail and confirm the existence of lightweight flows rushing toward Earth .
GRAND RAPIDS --
While timeouts and other disciplinary methods work for some parents and is encouraged by some child psychologists , a Calvin College psychology professor says her research shows corporal punishment forms more well - adjusted people later in life .
Marjorie Gunnoe
says the study finds children who remember being spanked on the backside with an open hand do better in school , perform more volunteer work and are more optimistic than others who were not physically disciplined .
" This in no way should be thought of as a green light for spanking , " said Gunnoe , who has studied spanking for more than a decade .
Her research contradicts claims spanked children are more aggressive and have other detrimental consequences .
The practice should be considered when lawmakers across the county consider banning spanking , Gunnoe said , noting 24 countries have barred the punishment .
" This is a red light for people who want to legally limit how parents choose to discipline their children , " she said .
" I do n't promote spanking , but there 's not the evidence to outlaw it . "
Gunnoe presented her findings at a conference of the Society for Research in Child Development .
The research , now attracting international attention , shows the punishment is most effective on children between the ages of 2 and 6 , Gunnoe found .
The study did not consider the frequency or severity of the discipline .
The data are swipes at the norm and Gabe Griffin , of Pediatric Psychologists of West Michigan , warns against embracing a new style of parenting .
" It can very easily cross over from a discipline in a calm , measured way to an out of control moment , " Griffin said .
" Parents always think its in a controlled manner , but clearly it 's not .
" Obviously it 's not going to harm every kid , but the potential is there and it is n't worth the risk . "
A majority of adults were spanked , but cultural shifts have moved perceptions even among older adults , Griffin said .
He 's counseled grandparents who spanked their children and no longer believe it 's acceptable for their grandchildren .
Griffin advises parents to focus more on altering behavior through teaching and praise .
Time - outs and taking away privileges often work , but focus too much on the bad action .
" Pay attention to them when they do it right , " he said .
Gunnoe 's research stunned Samantha Gross , a mother of three boys younger than 6 years old .
Gross , who was picking up her oldest son , 6 - year - old James , from school Monday , admits she 's spanked him with no immediate result .
The experience reminded Gross of her childhood and brought back painful memories .
She does not want to teach her children that violence of any sort is acceptable .
" It does n't make any sense , " Gross said .
" What about the parents reason behind the spanking ?
How often did they do it and how hard ?
" I see parents spank their kids for no reason and that can't be good for them . "
E-mail Nate Reens : nreens@grpress.com
If you were a fan of Bomb the Music Industry !
and still miss them , why not click the link above and check out the new Jeff Rosenstock record !
Jeff wrote the songs for Bomb , he ’s writing the songs for this , there ’s a full band including John from Bomb and a lot of the times it sounds like it ’s on fire .
That ’s a good thing , right ?
It is difficult to turn on a TV or radio or pick up a newspaper these days , without finding some pundit or other deploring the dismal prospects for Israeli - Palestinian peace or the dreadful living conditions of the Palestinians .
Even supposedly neutral news reporters regularly repeat this sad tale .
" Very little is changing for the Palestinian people on the ground , " I heard BBC World Service Cairo correspondent Christian Fraser tell listeners three times in a 45 minute period the other evening .
In fact ...
Paul Kedrosky posts the following chart showing government debt to GDP across various key ( and not so key ) countries ) .
The first thing that stands out , obviously , is Japan .
We 'll come back to that in a minute .
Then you notice that government debt - to - GDP in the US is still lower than Italy , and only modestly higher than the UK and Germany .
It stands to reason that if you 're worried about the US debt situation , and a possible blowup here , we 'll probably see blowups in countries like the UK and Italy before then , and that if such a situation occurred , we 'd see a flight to safety ( the dollar ) , further delaying any possible day of reckoning .
After all , it 's hard to imagine a world where lenders lose confidence in the US before losing confidence in Italy and the UK ( UK 's marginally lower government debt is offset by the outsize scale of its financial sector , and the cost of bailing it out .
Remember , post - crisis , we know that financial sector debt = government debt ) .
As for Japan , yes , it looks like the bond short - sellers dream candidate for a blowup .
Once again though , it all depends on whether it matters that their debt is externally or internally financed .
If you think they 're one and the same then yes , Japan looks to be screwed .
If however , you think internal financing is inherently safer , because where else are the Japanese going to put their money , then the famous anti-Japan bet will probably fail once again .
Excerpt from a longer text ( introducing free software to an Indian audience ) by Nagarjuna .
Why all knowledge should be free ?
Let us take a blank CD and take its mass on a balance .
Now , having recorded its mass , let us copy about 700 MB of software or any digital documents into it .
Record its mass after it is full .
What is the difference of the CD before and after it was full ?
Zero .
How can a CD that contained 700 megabytes of information did not increase in any weight ?
Is software a kind of levitating gas like phlogiston ?
( Phlogiston was thought to be the reason why metal oxides lost weight when heated .
This theory was later questioned by Lavoisier , arguing against Priestly , leading to the discovery of oxygen , and eventually the chemical revolution . )
If you have an apple and I have an apple and we exchange apples then you and I will still each have one apple .
But if you have an idea and I have an idea and we exchange these ideas , then each of us will have two ideas .
George Bernard Shaw ( 1856 - 1950 )
Yes , knowledge and code are not conserved like matter and energy .
Therefore if you have one instance , you can make several copies of them .
As technology advanced , the effort involved in making such a copy eventually became so negligible .
The cost is negligible today because communication and digital technologies have become highly efficient in producing verbatim copies and the media is inexpensive .
The efficiency of copying has become so good that we cannot tell which is a copy of which .
From now on , when we are asked what is this world made of , we must say at least three things : matter , energy and code ( assuming space and time as given ) .
Of these matter and energy are conserved , i.e. neither of them can be created nor destroyed .
Code , is a different ‘ matter ’ .
If a substance is conserved , it follows that we can not make copies of them .
Copyable things like code ( including all symbolic forms like music , dance , gestures , languages etc. ) are not conserved .
Without depleting the original , we can make more of them .
Since knowledge is impossible without code , whatever was said about code applies to knowledge too .
By Nature , or by God ( if you are a believer ) , knowledge is born copyable .
Based on what we now know about the Nature around us , if we take away code , there will be no life on earth .
We know that reproduction is a defining character of life , and genetic code ( the language needed for inheritance ) is necessary for reproduction .
Thus , code is not only necessary for human existence , it is actually the very essence of life .
Why are we digressing and talking about the world around , matter , energy , life and all ?
What is its relation to software or to free software ?
Well , the relation is where ever there is code , there is also information processing .
Though information processing happens in Nature too , it is not controlled by any political , or business corporations .
It happens seamlessly there .
However , in human life , information processing is subjected to and controlled by a very complex socio-political process .
Unless we understand it clearly , we cannot participate in the game with confidence .
Understanding the dynamics of software creation , management , propagation , modification and the factors that control it , are important in order to understand the relevance of free software movement .
The knowledge that we create , if stored only in our mind , perishes with us .
But in human beings , and in a very few of the other higher animals , mechanisms evolved that pass their knowledge to the children through what is often called behavioral or cultural inheritance .
Older generation of beings engage in teaching the younger generations the art of living .
This includes to a large extent , how to ‘ read ’ the world around .
The better we can understand it , the better is the survival chance .
One of the essential differences between humans and animals is that we developed several layers of complexity into this process of cultural inheritance , so much so that we have institutionalized the process in the form of schools .
Though a lot of knowledge automatically gets through from a generation to another by merely learning a language , special skills are learned through special institutions .
In all these cases , what we learn is mostly , how to interpret different forms of knowledge , and how to create artifacts that sustain this process .
Thus we not only learn what was gained by the older generations , we create more by standing on the history .
Recalling these facts from our study of civilization is necessary to understand what is happening now in the name of proprietary software , knowledge industry etc .
We evolved into humans and reached this far due to transmission of knowledge from one generation to another .
Human languages are responsible for harboring and transmitting the knowledge through social and cultural dynamics .
Creating , modifying , managing , transmitting , and copying of code or ideas take human effort .
That is why , when we want to read the ideas in a book , we pay for it .
This payment is essential to ensure that the human effort that created it , printed it , transmitted it are compensated for their service .
Though , in principle , this appears easy , human effort is not easy to measure .
This is the core contribution of Karl Marx who explained how economic inequalities get created by misjudging the measure of human effort that goes in creating and maintaining the creations .
Having understood that code is not conserved the way matter and energy are , and also that knowledge in the form of code is an essential part of human cultural life , several seers in the past invited us to participate in this very noble process and warned us to live a life of freedom and dignity .
Having realized that knowledge is the essence of human life , Rabindranath Tagore – among the tallest Indians who had the vision of free society and free knowledge – wrote this poem :
Where the mind is without fear and
the head is held high
Where knowledge is free
Where the world
has not been broken up into fragments
By narrow domestic walls
Where words come out
from the depth of truth
Where tireless striving stretches its arms towards perfection
Where the clear stream of reason
has not lost its way
Into the dreary desert sand of dead habit
Where the mind is lead forward by thee
Into ever - widening thought and action
Into that heaven of freedom , my Father ,
let my country awake
Rabindranath Tagore from Gitanjali .
Though he was not aware of what is happening in today ’s modern world in the name of IT revolution , this was a visionary call to protect our culture , particularly our freedom .
Let us see how proprietary software culture is working against the vision of Tagore .
Proprietary software is a black hole of knowledge universe .
When programmers write instructions , they do so in one of the programming languages .
These instructions can be read only by trained programmers or by the compilers or interpreters .
Only they know how to parse them and decode the meaning of the instructions .
However , a compiler is not capable of carrying out the instruction , because it is the processor of the computer that carries out the instruction , it merely acts as a barter in between the programmer and the computer .
Since , computer does not understand the programming language , the compiler decodes our instructions , and then re-encodes ( re- writes ) in a language the computer can decode ( understand ) .
Such a rewritten code is called compiled software , which is written exclusively for the machines , therefore it is often called the machine language .
This code is humanly impossible to decode , though in principle possible .
Since there are several kinds of processors made by different vendors , the compilers have to create different versions of software suitable for each processor .
Thus , a program made for an x86 processor is not suitable for a PPC processor .
When software vendors distributes their software , they distribute it for a particular machine , and the code that is distributed is not the code the programmer made for the company , but a compiled version .
Added to this complexity is that the program cannot be directly passed onto the processor without an operating system ( OS ) .
An operating system is another mediator that helps in passing the instructions from the program to the hardware , and vice versa .
It is therefore also necessary to keep in mind for which OS are the programs compiled , apart from which processor they were compiled .
Some times , it is possible to use the same byte code on all the operating systems , provided that there exists a separately compiled interpreter for each processor and OS .
Language like Java and Python , for example , work this way .
This makes the code inter-operable .
Now that we briefly looked at how our instructions before reaching a processor get re-written into a series of ‘ languages ’ , we can now see how to convert software into a proprietary software .
If any one wants to take control of the software ( code ) that is made , a proprietary software company can do several things .
One way is to provide the source code of a program to everybody , but restrict the interpreter ( say a compiler of that language ) to only those who pay license fee .
It is also possible to embed the interpreter in a hardware , and who ever has the hardware can make use of the software .
Other way is to provide neither the source code nor the compiler , but only the result of a compiled software , and restrict the operating system to only those who pay license fee for it .
It is possible also to restrict the use at all these multiple stages — the compiler , the operating system , and the access to the compiled code .
The possibility of restriction does not end here .
It is possible to create a special hardware , which may also contain another layer of interpreter , and lock the hardware to a single user who enters into a license agreement with the manufacturer .
It is possible to invent more and more such stages of control to restrict the use of a software .
But , in all these stages , what is kept under control is mostly the interpreter and sometimes the code .
Since , code per se is of no value , the process that makes it valuable is the interpreter , which de-codes the meaning contained in it .
By making the interpreter a scarce commodity , it is therefore possible to enhance its value .
Since , even interpreters are codified instructions to the computer , one copy of an interpreter can be copied to make several copies .
That is why , a proprietary software vendor is looking at technical innovations that prohibit copying , or find other ways of prohibiting .
One common way is to de-couple the interpretation process into two or more , and embed a part of that into hardware .
This way an interpreter can be made a scarce commodity , making it available to those who can afford to pay license for it or buy the hardware and software together .
Another very important way of controlling is to write user ’s creations ( such as a digitized text , audio , video etc. ) in a specific language that can be interpreted only by the system that created it .
This is the most popular way of enhancing the value of a software , again by restricting the user to use only one kind of application .
MS ’s ‘ doc ’ format is a good example of this .
The companies that indulge in this kind of practice do provide a justification , which is to collect fee for the interpretation , claiming the ownership of the interpreter .
This is the reason for calling the money that users pay as a license fee , and not the price of the software .
This is a tact to say that this is a service oriented business .
Mind you , they alert us in the fine print that a very few of us read : the customer is not the owner of the software , you are merely given the license to use it for a purpose .
Currently the human effort on the operations involving code are slowly getting taken care by the artificial agents ( computers ) .
Owners of the computers , instead of asking lesser compensation , are demanding more .
Demanding more compensation is not justified since , the precious human effort has come down substantially .
As a result , in place of substantial decrease in the compensation of human time , they sought increased fee for artificial agents .
Since the new software technology got a fashionable image that it will be creating more value , people began paying the fee as per the demands of the software industry .
This , to my understanding , increased the wealth of software industry by several folds .
On the other hand , hardware is also getting embedded with increasing amount of software .
Increasingly , even hardware is entering into a licensing regime .
Software and hardware industry are together creating more and more artificial agents .
The main problem with this model is , society began to pay for the services of the artificial agents .
The manufacturers of these agents are pocketing the money in the name of the service time of these gadgets .
In this new economy , it is not the goods and service time of human agents that is on sale , but the service time of the gadgets .
Do the manufacturers of the devices deserve to extract the compensation ?
Yes .
But only if they do not insert unnecessary locks , that is if they do not prevent free dissemination of cultural resources .
Technical innovation should go towards a way of finding out how to preserve cultural resources for a long time , rather than decrease their life time .
What is the problem with this business model ?
I think , the problem lies in charging for the service of an artificial and copyable agent ( interpreter ) .
As long as the interpreters were human beings , we sought to buy their time when we needed an expert .
Currently , most of human expertise is getting re-written as programmed instructions , and they are interpreted by the artificial agents .
Scarcity of artificial agents is controlled artificially , so that their demand increases .
It is important to realize that there are two kinds of artificial agents : the hardware and the software .
The hardware is a substantial thing , fabricated in a generic way to carry out programmed instructions .
It is not possible to make copies of hardware without spending lots of matter and energy .
But , the software set of instructions on the other hand are copyable with least effort and high fidelity .
Writing programs is a creative act , just as writing a formula to calculate in mathematics .
The compensation should go to the author , and not to the agency that copies the program .
Often programs written by several authors is collected and compiled to produce a re-written form of the program , which the author too lost the freedom to interpret .
This is the right the author of the program lost .
The only way to regain is to keep the entire compilation process accessible .
By becoming a custodian of the latter stages of converting the program into a machine code , and its interpreter , proprietary software industry invented a technical method of taking away the right to know .
This is not required for making the technology work , but only required for the business interests .
As we saw in the previous section , code is eminently and naturally copyable .
Copyability is code ’s essence .
When people indulge in such a natural process , the proprietary world called them ‘ pyrates ’ .
To understand that this model of exploitation is not new , let us look at what happened in Indian history .
There was a time when the traditional wisdom in India , often called Vedas , was available only as spoken ( verbal ) code and was part of common knowledge ( folklore ) .
Later , this wisdom was rewritten ( re-encoded ) in an artificial language called Sanskrit .
Sanskrit is artificial because of its generative structure of its grammar .
There is a sense in which all natural languages are artificial , but Sanskrit is not natural in the sense that it is a strict rule based construction , just as our programming languages are .
After re-writing the traditional wisdom in Sanskrit , it is accessible only to those who spoke or wrote this language .
Obviously it was the elite section of the society – the Brahmins – who had this access .
They were the ‘ compilers ’ of Sanskrit , so to speak !
There was a time when the right to learn Sanskrit was prohibited , saying that only the royal caste ( kshatriyas ) and scholarly caste ( Brahman ) could only decipher what was in there .
Even kshatriyas were prohibited from accessing some portions .
This restriction to knowledge was accomplished by creating a private language .
This is very similar to the way proprietary companies are making private languages to prevent knowledge from flowing freely .
Brahmins called a shudra ( person belonging to the lower caste ) a papi ( a sinner ) , just as proprietary world called those who copy software ‘ pyrates ’ .
Since knowledge is a very useful thing for survival , in the game of survival it became part of the political process .
The powerful people always harbored the ‘ compilers ’ , buttressed them , so that the rulers could remain rulers for ever .
This is the same game .
Old wine in new bottle !
A corporate version of multinational brahminism !
The question is , are these mechanisms to take ownership of the code or knowledge ethical ?
Are they even necessary for doing ethical business ?
Certainly not .
In the last ten years or so , a large number of companies world wide began distributing FS and provided services around it , e.g. , Redhat , Debian , Mandrake , Ubuntu etc .
Instead of selling software per se or claiming ownership of what they created , they sell only software service .
Indeed they are harboring a large number of hackers in their business houses to create more software and enhance the efficiency and value , without claiming ownership of what they produce .
This proves that ownership of tacit property is not essential for business .
The rise in service business is an evidence to its success .
The objection is not about making money , but the means of making money .
They are not using technology to enable the society to access knowledge freely , they are actually using technology to curb the free access to knowledge .
Their inventions are counter to preserving human values .
The story does not end here .
There are other aspects to it .
To understand how criminal are their intentions , let us do an activity .
Some of you may be using computers for the last 10 to 20 years .
Collect all the documents you created during this time .
Begin to open those files today using your modern OS .
Take my word , several of you will find that most of the older documents are unusable .
Either the document could not be opened , because the software that you have on your modern OS does not know how to decode the older documents or after decoding you see that there is some significant loss of data .
Now the question is , why did this happen ?
This obviously happened because the underlying encoding technology is modified .
If our work is inscribed in digital media like this , what is the justification for using computers for storing data .
Printed books , old audio tapes etc can still be used , because they are not encoded in a secret language .
We have not lost the ability to decode them .
But our modern operating system lost the ability to decode some of the older computer documents .
Who is responsible for this loss ?
If the agency which lost this is a public body like Government , who is responsible for this loss of data ?
Often , people were using the software made by the same company all along .
Still this loss took place .
Why ?
The answer is not technical .
True , advancement in technology requires that there be some changes .
But , what is the justification for changing the encoding of data , without converting them to newer form .
Computing industry has norms to follow , such as encoding standards , e.g. , ASCII , Unicode , HTML .
All the modern computers did not loose the ability to decode the older encoding standards .
The loss took place because the software that was used was proprietary and the encoding of the data was also proprietary .
A few people like me were fortunate , for I never lost data , since I was using exclusively free software all along .
If using computers for our work means such loss of data , is n’t this a sufficient reason to stop using computers ?
Even our inscriptions in the ancient caves still exist , although deciphering them is often a challenge .
This indicates that preserving code is not enough , we must also preserve how to decode .
The only way out of this problem is to make sure that we save our work in a standard format , and record in the museums the process of decoding .
Currently our museums store only the code , often forgetting their meaning .
Most users of computers may not be able to understand these subtleties of code dynamics .
In such a situation , it is the responsibility of educational institutions , media , and the companies themselves to advice the users to follow the best practices .
There must be governing policies to preserve cultural records , and not to preserve knowledge in a proprietary format .
Otherwise , they must at least warn , that there could be loss of data .
If we collect all the digital documents which cannot be usable in today ’s operating systems from all the users from merely the last fifteen years , we will realize that this is not an ordinary loss .
It is nothing short of wiping away history , since it is the documents that contain what we did in the past .
If the documentation cannot persist , we can not create history .
It is like walking on quick sand , where we find it difficult to trace the steps we took .
If we used FS all these years , like me , you would not have lost anything .
This digital crime must stop .
Using technology for destroying culture for making profits and becoming powerful must be considered an illegal act .
Currently , Governments instead of protecting the society from this mishap , they are indulging in signing special memorandums of understanding with big multi-national companies in the name of developing the society by introducing digital practices .
Policy makers and educators all over the world must guide the companies and the Governments so that this crime does n’t continue , before we lost our history to electrons .
All major public interest bodies , such as UNO , should recognize this problem , and create a policy to prevent human culture from vanishing into a black hole .
Proprietary software culture is no less dangerous than an atomic bomb . ”
Reuters
A SEASON of good cheer in much of the world , late December saw a typically harsh apportionment of justice by China 's legal system , and a typically rigid display of governmental indifference to foreign opinion .
On Christmas Day a Beijing court sentenced Liu Xiaobo , a veteran human - rights activist , to 11 years in prison for “ inciting subversion of state power ” .
China swatted away all criticism about this as groundless meddling in its internal affairs .
In a separate case that was not entirely an internal affair , China 's reaction was not much different .
On December 21st Akmal Shaikh , a 53 - year - old Briton charged with smuggling drugs , had his death sentence upheld by China 's Supreme People 's Court .
Rejecting pleas for clemency from Mr Shaikh 's family , international human - rights groups , and the British government , Chinese authorities executed him by lethal injection on December 29th in the north - western region of Xinjiang , where he was first arrested in late 2007 after carrying roughly 4 kg of heroin into the country .
Family members claimed Mr Shaikh suffered from bipolar disorder , and was the victim of manipulation by the drugs traffickers who , they claimed , tricked him into carrying the contraband .
British officials announced news of the execution before China did .
Hours after it took place China 's foreign - ministry spokeswoman , Jiang Yu , said it would brook no outside interference in the workings of its legal system , and expressed “ strong dissatisfaction and resolute opposition ” to Britain 's complaints .
The prime minister , Gordon Brown had said he was “ appalled ” and condemned the execution “ in the strongest terms ” .
Ms Jiang said Mr Shaikh 's case was handled appropriately and all his legal rights had been honoured at trial .
A day after the execution , Chinese newspapers were full of angry commentary over Britain 's attempt to intervene .
Many drew comparisons to the Opium War .
Although it ended in the first known execution of a European in China since the 1950s , Mr Shaikh 's case was otherwise not unusual .
According to available ( and incomplete ) statistics , China executed 1,700 convicts in 2008 , or nearly five each day .
Neither was the harsh treatment meted out to Mr Liu unusual by Chinese standards .
Criticism of the government , though always risky , is sometimes tolerated .
Attempts to organise criticism , however , as Mr Liu had by helping draft a petition calling for political freedoms , are routinely met with a firm thumping .
Jailed twice before for his political activities Mr Liu knew this as well as anyone .
He had said he was ready to face prison again .
The document he helped write in December 2008 was called Charter 08 .
It soon attracted more than 300 other Chinese signatures .
Its publication marked the 60th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights .
In the year since its release , thousands more have signed it .
Charter 08 calls for sweeping changes in China 's political order , including an end to limits on free expression , political activity and religious practice .
It proposes drastic reforms that would dismantle one - party rule , allow public supervision of government officials , and free the army and judiciary from Communist Party control .
Mr Liu was detained just before the release of the manifesto and held for six months before charges were lodged .
His sentencing came two days after a trial lasting less than three hours .
The 11 - year term exceeds any other known sentence for the vague crime of “ inciting subversion ” .
Within days of the sentencing , Chinese media published a speech by a senior security official who warned of threats to China 's social stability from “ hostile forces stirring up chaos ” and called for “ pre-emptive attacks ” against them .
“ In the new year , there will be no relaxation of stability preservation , and no lightening of pressure on stability , ” said Yang Huanning , a deputy minister of public security .
Mr Liu won supporters on the internet , a central theatre these days in the struggle for civil liberties .
The authorities are moving to tighten their control there .
Besides stepping up monitoring and blocking “ unsuitable ” web traffic , regulators have put new restrictions on the registration and operation of websites by individuals .
The founder of a web - hosting service in Beijing says that internet servers have been unceremoniously unplugged under new rules and new standards of enforcement .
“ For nine years I have run a successful and legal business , and now I have suddenly been told that what I do makes me a criminal . ”
Worried that his company may not survive , and angry about the arbitrary changes , he will not , however , circulate a protest petition — not if he is wise , that is .
Readers responded so positively to our post featuring the lego ad from the 1980s that was just so… human .
The girl in the ad reminded us how hypergendered advertising has become .
I offer the ad below in the same spirit ( from Vintage Ads ) .
Three people , who look like people , saying stuff about tires :
As Dan Senor and Saul Singer write in “ Start - Up Nation : The Story of Israel ’s Economic Miracle , ” Israel now has a classic innovation cluster , a place where tech obsessives work in close proximity and feed off each other ’s ideas .
Because of the strength of the economy , Israel has weathered the global recession reasonably well .
The government did not have to bail out its banks or set off an explosion in short - term spending .
Instead , it used the crisis to solidify the economy ’s long - term future by investing in research and development and infrastructure , raising some consumption taxes , promising to cut other taxes in the medium to long term .
Analysts at Barclays write that Israel is “ the strongest recovery story ” in Europe , the Middle East and Africa .
Israel ’s technological success is the fruition of the Zionist dream .
The country was not founded so stray settlers could sit among thousands of angry Palestinians in Hebron .
It was founded so Jews would have a safe place to come together and create things for the world .
This shift in the Israeli identity has long - term implications .
Netanyahu preaches the optimistic view : that Israel will become the Hong Kong of the Middle East , with economic benefits spilling over into the Arab world .
And , in fact , there are strands of evidence to support that view in places like the West Bank and Jordan .
But it ’s more likely that Israel ’s economic leap forward will widen the gap between it and its neighbors .
All the countries in the region talk about encouraging innovation .
Some oil - rich states spend billions trying to build science centers .
But places like Silicon Valley and Tel Aviv are created by a confluence of cultural forces , not money .
The surrounding nations do not have the tradition of free intellectual exchange and technical creativity .
For example , between 1980 and 2000 , Egyptians registered 77 patents in the U.S. Saudis registered 171 .
Israelis registered 7,652 .
The tech boom also creates a new vulnerability .
As Jeffrey Goldberg of The Atlantic has argued , these innovators are the most mobile people on earth .
To destroy Israel ’s economy , Iran does n’t actually have to lob a nuclear weapon into the country .
It just has to foment enough instability so the entrepreneurs decide they had better move to Palo Alto , where many of them already have contacts and homes .
American Jews used to keep a foothold in Israel in case things got bad here .
Now Israelis keep a foothold in the U.S .
During a decade of grim foreboding , Israel has become an astonishing success story , but also a highly mobile one .
Many years have past since the launch of Poker For Free back in 2006 .
Few of you might remember the glory days when we had a lively Poker Club , numerous of freerolls and value added tournaments .
During the last stages we hosted an own free poker game .
But then lightning stroke .
Because of a terrible partnership agreement with a marketing company that should have helped us growing to the next level , everything went downhill .
Many friends adviced me to “ kill my baby ” , and although I have n’t really put much effort into it for the past years , I never killed it .
And look at it now ; it ’s standing at the verge of a new beginning .
A new beginning for Poker For Free
During the past weeks the site was moved to a new and faster server , out of date content was removed and remaining content is currently getting a thorough quality check .
All of that with the visitor in mind .
In fact , we are even researching if re-launching our free poker game is a good idea .
Since we have learned a lot from running our basketball focused betting site basketballbetting .
co.uk , which we launched several years ago , we will use that knowledge to make Poker For Free great again .
Poker For Free remains independent
While online poker sites have an interest in being top - listed , we have always provided honest – and independent opinions , and we tend to do no other than that with the new Poker For Free .
This means that you can expect some new poker sites to be reviewed and listed , and if they appear to be just as unreliable as PokerStars , you can expect us to warn you about it , instead of going after their money fooling you of their trustworthiness .
Furthermore , Poker For Free is dedicated to keeping you up to date about anything that goes on in the world of poker , including poker news , tournament updates , and articles with tips and poker strategies .
International sister sites
While we own sister sites in German , Dutch and Italian , our main focus will be reviving this site !
If we ’ll succeed , the others will follow at some other point .
Top 3 Online Poker Bonuses # Site Review Free % Bonus Code Visit Poker Site 18 + T/C's Apply 1 Bet365 Poker 100 % $ 365 Bet365 Poker Bet365 Poker - Welcome Package of up to €365 .
€365 bonus is redeemed in installments based on Status Points earned .
Tickets and prize wheel spins expire after seven days .
Time limits , exclusions and T&C/s apply .
For more information about this offer please visit the website .
3 Party Poker 100 % $ 500 EN500 PFF Party Poker 4 Club WPT 0 % $ 2 WPTBONUS Club WPT
Please toggle your mobile phone into landscape mode to see additional content .
Poker Club
We would love it if you ’d join our Poker Club , which offers you a whole range of benefits above and beyond just being a visitor to the site .
First and foremost , being a member of our Poker Club means that you can play our free poker game , which you can play no matter what OS ( this is actually one of the recommended Mac poker sites on imacpoker. net ) or browser you ’re using .
Compete against other players for the top spot on our leader boards !
Being a member of the Poker Club also means that you ’re eligible to receive free gifts and promotions when they ’re available .
We have all sorts of Poker For Free goodies to share with our members , including t- shirts , keychains , and more !
In addition , players who come in first in our monthly tournaments will get prizes .
Some of our past prizes have included Poker For Free merchandise and entry tickets to larger poker tournaments on other sites ( including several $ 100,000 tournaments ! ) .
Moreover , here at Poker For Free , we ’re not just about building a library of poker information ( though we have that , too ! ) .
We ’re working to build a poker community , full of poker players and enthusiasts who play together and share tips and tricks , and we need you to join the Poker For Free family .
Current free poker promotions
Right now , Poker For Free is running a special promotion with Club WPT , the online resource that gives you backstage access to the World Poker Tour .
Basic membership is free and gets you access to interviews , shows , and moderators , while VIP membership will open doors to all the WPT information you could ever dream of– ringtones , discounts in Las Vegas , WPT Poker Magazine , and more !
Check out our Club WPT review for more information !
American players will be thrilled to note that Club WPT is completely legal in the US on a federal level , and has gained approval in almost all of the individual states .
American players can join fellow players from around the world on this subscription - based site– players from Australia , Austria , Canada , Costa Rica , France , Germany , Italy , Switzerland , and the UK are all eligible to participate in the site ’s VIP membership .
The only US states that have yet to approve membership are Alabama , South Dakota , Washington , Idaho , Arkansas , Georgia , Michigan , Indiana , Maryland , Montana , Minnesota , Mississippi , Missouri , Oklahoma , and South Carolina .
If you ’d like to follow US legislation , check out the news articles from legaluspokersites.com .
The reason that Club WPT can get clearance from some notably hard to penetrate places is because they ’re not a gambling site .
While many popular online poker sites give you the chance to gamble– that is , pit your bankroll against that of others and potentially gain or lose it– Club WPT is based on your subscription .
When you ’re a VIP member , you ’ve paid for the monthly service that allows you to enter poker games for prizes , including seats at WPT events and cash prizes .
You do n’t have to deposit any money with Club WPT , so you ’re guaranteed not to lose any money playing poker on the site .
That means that it ’s not gambling – it ’s a win-win !
Loading ...
Upcoming Online Poker Tournaments Site Type Buy - in Entrants Start Texas Holdem $ 9.10
+ $ 0.90 0 01-10-20 03:00 Info / Play Texas Holdem $ 2.28
+ $ 0.45 0 01-10-20 03:00 Info / Play Texas Holdem $ 9.10
+ $ 0.90 0 01-10-20 03:30 Info / Play Texas Holdem $ 4.55
+ $ 0.90 0 01-10-20 04:00 Info / Play Texas Holdem $ 4.55
+ $ 0.90 0 01-10-20 04:30 Info / Play
Please toggle your mobile phone into landscape mode to see additional content .
Unbiased reviews of poker rooms and bonus offers
Our poker room reviews tell you everything that you need to know to pick a website and start playing poker online .
We ’ll give you our personal opinion (s ) of the site , along with which browsers and operating systems are supported , current bonuses being offered , and a bit of history about the site .
At Poker For Free , we know that it can be hard to sort through all the bonus offers that the different sites are offering – they change so often , and the terminology can be confusing to a newcomer .
Players who want to increase their bankrolls often take advantage of matching or “ free money ” offers , and we break down the current offers for you to let you know which ones should make the top of your “ to - play ” list .
Close partnerships with poker room specific websites such as bonuscodetitanpoker.org ( Titan Poker ) make it possible for us to keep our reviews up to date at all times .
As soon as things change , Poker For Free is the first to know , and so are you .
Please Wait While You Are Redirected to Our New Web Address ... www.enertrac.net
from the book “ Hell Yeah or No ” : There ’s no speed limit 2009 - 12-01
Whether you ’re a student , a teacher , or a parent , I think you ’ll appreciate this story of how one teacher can completely and permanently change someone ’s life in only a few lessons .
I was seventeen and about to start my first year at Berklee College of Music .
I called a local recording studio with a random question about music typesetting .
When the studio owner heard I was going to Berklee , he said , “ I graduated from Berklee and taught there , too .
I ’ll bet I can teach you two years of theory and arranging in only a few lessons .
I suspect you can graduate in two years if you understand there ’s no speed limit .
Come by my studio at 9:00 tomorrow for your first lesson , if you ’re interested .
No charge . ”
Graduate college in two years ?
Awesome !
I liked his style .
That was Kimo Williams .
I showed up at his studio at 8:40 the next morning , super excited , though I waited outside before ringing his bell at 8:59 .
He opened the door .
A tall man in a Hawaiian shirt and a big hat , with a square scar on his nose , a laid - back demeanor , and a huge smile , sizing me up , nodding .
( Recently I heard him tell the story from his perspective .
He said , “ My doorbell rang at 8:59 one morning and I had no idea why .
I run across kids all the time who say they want to be a great musician .
I tell them I can help , and tell them to show up at my studio at 9:00 if they ’re serious .
Nobody ever does .
It ’s how I weed out the really serious ones from the kids who just talk .
But there was Derek , ready to go . ” )
After a one - minute welcome , we were sitting at the piano , analyzing the sheet music for a jazz standard .
He was quickly explaining the chords based on the diatonic scale — how the dissonance of the tri-tone in the 5 - chord with the flat - 7 is what makes it want to resolve to the 1 .
Within a minute , he started quizzing me .
“ If the 5 - chord with the flat - 7 has that tri-tone , then so does another flat - 7 chord .
Which one ? ”
“ Uh… the flat - 2 chord ? ”
“ Right !
So that ’s a substitute chord .
Any flat - 7 chord can be substituted with the other flat - 7 that shares the same tri-tone .
So reharmonize all the chords you can in this chart .
Go . ”
The pace was intense , and I loved it .
Finally , someone was challenging me — keeping me in over my head — encouraging and expecting me to pull myself up quickly .
I was learning so fast , it felt like the adrenaline rush you get while playing a video game .
He tossed every fact at me and made me prove that I got it .
In our three - hour lesson that morning , he taught me a full semester of Berklee ’s harmony courses .
In our next four lessons , he taught me the next four semesters of harmony and arranging classes .
When I got to college and took my entrance exams , I tested out of those six semesters of requirements .
Then , as Kimo suggested , I bought the course materials for other required classes and taught myself , doing the homework in my own time .
Then I went to the department head and took the final exam , getting full credit for those courses .
By doing this in addition to completing my full course load , I graduated college in two and a half years .
I got my bachelor ’s degree when I was twenty .
Kimo ’s high expectations set a new pace for me .
He taught me that “ the standard pace is for chumps ” — that the system is designed so anyone can keep up .
If you ’re more driven than most people , you can do way more than anyone expects .
And this principle applies to all of life , not just school .
Before I met Kimo , I was just a kid who wanted to be a musician , doing it casually .
Ever since our five lessons , I ’ve had no speed limit .
I owe every great thing that ’s happened in my life to Kimo ’s raised expectations .
A random meeting and five music lessons showed me that I can do way more than the norm .
Twenty years later , Berklee invited me to give the opening keynote speech to incoming first - year students .
Go to sive .rs / berklee to see it .
Kimo knows how much he means to me , and we ’re friends to this day .
Video of Marilyn Monroe smoking pot .
Recently discovered film from more than 50 years ago .
THE first ever international cruise for cougars - older women who are interested in younger men - has set sail from San Diego , US .
The sold - out International Cougar Cruise took place aboard Carnival ’s Fun Ship Elation bound for Ensenada , Mexico .
Guests participated in three nights of dancing and partying , featuring special guest Miss Cougar America .
It was promoted as a cruise for the cougar who “ knows exactly what she wants … ( and ) what she does n’t want is children , cohabitation or commitment ” .
Industry experts have welcomed the cruise , saying that older women should not be discriminated against because of a relationship with a younger man .
" Age discrimination is perhaps the most pervasive prejudice in American Society , " Rich Gosse , Chairman of The Society of Single Professionals in the US , a sponsor of the cruise , said .
" Older women , in particular , are victimized by our youth - oriented society .
They are regarded as ' non - sexy ' ...
The truth is that there are millions of American men who find older women attractive , and we will prove it on the Cougar Cruise . "
" 2009 is the year of the Cougar , " says Ann Thomas , Executive Director of The Singles Travel Company , said .
" We were surprised to discover that there has never been an International Cougar Cruise .
Obviously this cruise is long overdue . ”
Tickets cost from $ US125 ( $ 138 ) per person , for double occupancy .
The ship set sail on December 4 .
Originally published as Wild Cougar cruise sets sail
« previous post | next post »
What may be the most widely - discussed statistical over - interpretation in history is coming around for the third time .
The first gust front of commentary blew in with David Leonhardt in the NYT Business Section in September of 2007 , echoed a few days later by Steven Leavitt in the Freakonomics blog .
In May of 2009 , Ross Douthat 's NYT column recycled the same research for another round of thumb - sucking .
And the same material has just been promoted again by Arianna Huffington ( " The Sad , Shocking Truth About How Women Are Feeling " , " What 's Happening to Women 's Happiness ? " , etc. ) , with an assist by Maureen Dowd ( " Blue is the New Black " , 9/19/2009 ) .
Ms. Huffington tells us that
According to study after study , women are becoming more and more unhappy .
This drop in happiness is found in women across the social and economic landscape .
It does n't matter what their marital status is , how much money they make , whether or not they have children , their ethnic background , or the country they live in .
Women around the world are in a funk .
And it 's not because of the multitude of crises we are facing .
Women 's happiness has been on a downward trend since the early 1970s , when the General Social Survey , a landmark study , began examining the social attitudes of women and men — who , by the way , have gotten progressively happier over the years .
MoDo chimes in :
According to the General Social Survey , which has tracked Americans ’ mood since 1972 , and five other major studies around the world , women are getting gloomier and men are getting happier .
Before the ’ 70s , there was a gender gap in America in which women felt greater well - being .
Now there ’s a gender gap in which men feel better about their lives .
People love this story .
They love to speculate about the reasons for the trend — the favorites are variants of " too much feminism " and " not enough feminism " — and to tell us about their own happiness or lack thereof .
Tens of thousands of readers , across the repeated reprises of this story in the mass media , have commented on various newspaper and weblog sites .
In a certain sense , this tidal wave of response validates the story , which clearly resonates with something in the spirit of the times .
But in fact , the empirical basis for all this fuss is so thin as to be practically non-existent .
I 'll focus on the General Social Survey results , since I 've looked into them in detail , but the rest of the worldwide background is similar .
One way to see what 's happening is to look at this graph of General Social Survey results , from the preprint that kicked it all off in 2007 :
Those who prefer tables may like to see it this way ( taken from an earlier post on the subject ) :
If we sum up all the GSS responses across years , we get these proportions of answers to the question " Taken all together , how would you say things are these days — would you say that you are very happy , pretty happy , or not too happy ? "
Very happy Pretty happy Not too happy Male 31.2 % 56.7 % 12.1 % Female 32.4 % 55.1 % 12.5 %
In the responses for 1972 , 1973 , and 1974 ( the earliest dates available ) , the overall proportions were :
Very happy Pretty happy Not too happy Male 31.9 % 53.0 % 15.1 % Female 37.0 % 49.4 % 13.6 %
In the responses for 2004 , 2006 , and 2008 ( the most recent dates available ) , the proportions were :
Very happy Pretty happy Not too happy Male 29.8 % 56.1 % 14.0 % Female 31.2 % 54.9 % 13.9 %
The best way to describe this , I think , would be to say something like :
In the early 70s , women self - reported their happiness at levels somewhat higher than men did .
Specifically , 5.1 % more of the women reported themselves " Very happy " , while 1.5 % fewer reported themselves " Not too happy " .
30 - odd years later , in the mid 00s , women 's self - reported happiness was closer to men's , though it was still slightly higher .
1.4 % more of the women reported themselves " Very happy " , while 0.1 % fewer reported themselves " Not too happy " .
To Arianna Huffington , this means that " women are becoming more and more unhappy " , while " men … have gotten progressively happier over the years " .
To Maureen Dowd , this means that " Before the ’70s , there was a gender gap in America in which women felt greater well - being .
Now there ’s a gender gap in which men feel better about their lives . "
Ross Douthat described these numbers with the generalization " In postfeminist America , men are happier than women . "
All of these statements are either false or seriously misleading .
Maybe , if you look at the data through a sophisticated statistical model , you can support a conclusion about the relative signs of the long - term - trends for males and females .
But any way you slice and dice it , there 's not much there there .
I 've cited the earlier stages in this discussion as motivation for a moratorium on using generic plurals to describe small statistical differences .
The contributions of Arianna Huffington and Maureen Dowd are , if anything , even better arguments for this ( hopeless ) cause .
Past LL happiness - gap posts :
" The ' Happiness Gap ' and the rhetoric of statistics " ( 9/26/2007 )
" Gender - role resentment and Rorschach - blot news reports " ( 9/27/2007 )
" Why are economists so misleading ? " ( 10/1/2007 )
" The gender happiness gap : statistical , practical and rhetorical significance " , 10/4/2007
" The happiness gap returns " ( 7/26/2008 )
" The happiness gap is back " ( 5/26/2009 )
" Women 's happiness and pundits ' accuracy " ( 5/27/2009 )
Also maybe relevant , if you 're not completely sick of the whole topic :
" Myth is truth ( p < .05 ) " ( 12/23/2007 )
If you want to do your own modeling , a csv file of the GSS happiness answers is here ( some background on the data is here ) .
[ I also note a certain lack of journalistic courtesy — Douthat did n't mention that Leonhardt and Leavitt had covered the same material a year and a half earlier , and Huffington does n't mention Douthat , Leavitt or Leonhardt .
I know that journalists do n't need footnotes , but if a pundit reprises a story that 's previously been featured by other pundits , does n't journalistic etiquette suggest a tip of the hat to the earlier authors ?
Dowd does cite Huffington , which seems like the normal practice . ]
[ Update 9/30/2009 — a column on this topic by Katha Pollitt , " Are you happy ? " , The Nation , 9/30/2009 . ]
[ Update 10/14/2009 — and another by Barbara Ehrenreich , " Are women unhappier ?
Do n't make me laugh " , LA Times , 10/14/2009 ; with a response by Justin Wolfers , " Nickled and dimed by Barbara Ehrenreich " , Freakonomics ( NYT ) , 10/14/2009 . ]
Permalink
Jim Manzi's conservative reform manifesto in National Affairs has attracted all sorts of praise on the right .
And Manzi does have some interesting observations and decent proposals .
His main premise is that there 's an inherent tension between economic dynamism and social cohesion .
Conservatives , he argues , must oppose the Democrats ' growth - stifling social democratic agenda without going so in the other direction that they allow the the social fabric to rend .
The weakness of Manzi 's essay is that it does almost nothing to establish its key premise that President Obama 's agenda will stifle growth .
Almost all the work of establishing this point comes in this section :
From 1980 through today , America 's share of global output has been constant at about 21 % .
Europe 's share , meanwhile , has been collapsing in the face of global competition — going from a little less than 40 % of global production in the 1970s to about 25 % today .
Opting for social democracy instead of innovative capitalism , Europe has ceded this share to China ( predominantly ) , India , and the rest of the developing world .
If you read that passage quickly , or even very slowly and repeatedly , you probably think Manzi is saying that , since Ronald Reagan took office , United States has enjoyed dramatically faster economic growth than European social democracies .
( Ross Douthat , citing this passage , reaches that conclusion . )
In fact , Manzi is n't showing that at all .
First of all , let 's note that while he concludes with a swipe at " social democracy , " Manzi is comparing a unit he calls " Europe . "
I emailed Manzi , and he explained that " Europe " includes , well , all of Europe -- not just social democratic western Europe but eastern Europe , the Ukraine , and Russia , which are not social democracies by any means .
New York ( CNN ) --
A pamphlet designed to help heroin users with advice has come under fire , with some now questioning whether the public health brochure can actually be used as a how - to guide on drug use .
While concerns over the 16 - page pamphlet have arisen in recent days , the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene created its " Take Charge , Take Care : 10 Tips for Safer Use " brochure in 2007 .
Its purpose , according to a statement from the department , is " to help people who are injecting drugs reduce the harm associated with this type of drug use until they are able to get into treatment and recover . "
According to the Health Department , " accidental overdose is the fourth leading cause of early adult death in New York City , claiming more than 600 lives each year . "
The agency says about 70,000 pamphlets have been produced at a cost to city taxpayers of slightly more than $ 32,000 .
" The pamphlet provides potentially life saving advice " reads a health department statement .
But critics such as New York City Councilman Peter F. Vallone Jr. , chairman of the council 's Public Safety Committee , believes the pamphlet is " an indefensible waste of taxpayer money " and is effectively spreading a lie that there is a safe way to inject drugs .
" Heroin use is at epidemic levels in New York , and we should be spending money to address that , not teach first - timers how to use , " says Vallone .
Information in the publication takes the form of " ten critical tips for reducing the harm that illicit drug use , and especially injection drug use can cause . "
Tip topics include " how to prevent overdose , " " prepare drugs carefully , " " take care of your veins " and " ask for help to stop using . "
Within each of the 10 broad tips , the brochure presents several " simple but valuable " related ideas for users about how to lessen potential problems when injecting drugs .
One suggestion reads , " Use with someone else .
If you 're alone and something goes wrong , no one can help . "
Another says , " Use a new syringe , cooker , cotton , tie , and other supplies every time . "
Plus , " Warm your body ( jump up and down ) to show your veins . "
Along with , " Find the vein before you try to inject . "
There is also information regarding HIV and hepatitis - C testing , depression and contact information for emergencies and for finding help to quit .
New York City Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg addressed the pamphlet controversy on Monday , explaining how " the health department does have an interest in -- if you 're going to do certain things -- to get you to do it as healthily as you possibly can . "
Don Des Jarlais , research director for the Chemical Dependency Institute , said the principle behind the pamphlet has always been to emphasize treatment and to reduce the spread of disease like HIV / AIDS .
However , if people still engage in risky behavior , the " Take Charge , Take Care " information is meant to mitigate risks associated with intravenous drug use and present guidance for people to partake in the safest manner possible .
But Vallone believes the pamphlet goes " well beyond clean needles " advice , providing anyone who wants to experiment with information about how to prepare drugs and find veins -- information that an already - using addict would find useless .
New York state 's top Drug Enforcement Administration official , John P. Gilbride , echoes Vallone , saying the pamphlet is essentially a " how - to guide " for drug use .
Gilbride expressed his concern that the pamphlet could send a message that leads individuals to believe they can use heroin in some safe manner .
" Using heroin can never be safe .
It 's akin to playing Russian roulette with a loaded gun " Gilbride told CNN .
Indeed , " there is no safe way to inject " agreed Des Jarlais , in response to criticism that the pamphlet presents heroin use as harmless .
" I think the word ' safely ' is wrong , " he said , but if people do inject drugs , he hopes large information campaigns can help lessen risks .
" Using hard drugs is just not a smart thing to do , " Bloomberg said Monday .
" But we have an obligation no matter what the people do in this city to make sure they do it as safe as they can . "
Vallone , meanwhile rhetorically asks , " What 's next , a kids ' guide for playing safely in traffic ? "
Vallone said he sent a letter to the city 's health commissioner Monday to immediately cease circulation and funding for the pamphlet , and he plans to " hold his feet to the fire during upcoming budget meetings " unless the health department admits its mistake .
The pamphlet is just one component of a larger municipal effort , explained Des Jarlais .
Along with the informational brochure , there are also face - to - face community outreach initiatives , expansion of drug abuse treatment facilities and 47 state - authorized syringe exchange program throughout New York City 's five boroughs .
Des Jarlais points to an 80 percent reduction of HIV reported among new drug users in New York City as proof that programs such as needle exchanges are working .
The health department reports that overdose deaths have declined by 25 percent from 2006 to 2008 , representing at least 200 fewer deaths .
" I do n't think there is a healthy way [ to use heroin [ , but there may be less dangerous ways to do certain things , " Bloomberg said .
CNN 's Cassie Spodak contributed to this report .
View Transcript
Transcript
Tina says , " Your e-mail was rather brusque . "
Dilbert says , " You mean concise . "
Tina says , " You owe me an apology . "
Dilbert says , " I 'm sorry that you do n't know what brevity looks like . "
Tina says , " You 're making it worse ! "
Dilbert says , " Then why am I so happy ? "
Venezuela is Cuba 's largest trading partner
Cuba 's President Raul Castro and his Venezuelan counterpart Hugo Chavez are signing economic co-operation deals worth $ 3.2bn ( £ 1.96bn ) .
The documents cover 285 accords in areas including energy , sport and technology .
The new deals will give Venezuela a greater involvement in oil exploration off the Cuban coast .
Cuba also agrees to buy more than $ 400 m ( £ 246 m ) worth of Venezuelan goods , including food , tyres and clothes .
The BBC 's correspondent in Havana Michael Voss says the agreement will provide an economic lifeline to the communist - run island .
' Historic '
The signing comes a day before Cuba hosts a summit of the regional political and economic bloc , the Bolivarian Alliance for the Peoples of America ( Alba ) , which was founded by the two nations five years ago as a radical alternative to America 's free trade policies in the region .
Our correspondent says there is speculation that Fidel Castro may attend the summit .
The 83 - year - old met President Chavez on Saturday but has not been seen in public for three - and - a - half years .
Mr Castro said the agreements were " historic " .
Our correspondent says the deals also underscore Venezuela 's role as Cuba 's closest political and commercial ally and comes as Raul Castro struggles to cope with the global economic crisis .
The island has suffered a sharp decline its revenues from tourism as well as mineral and tobacco exports .
Venezuela - an Opec member - is already an important source of energy and trade to the Caribbean island , which repays part of its oil bill by providing the services of 40,000 professional workers .
Last year trade between the two countries was at around $ 5.26 bn ( £ 3.23 bn ) last year , the Reuters news agency reported .
SPIEGEL Interview with General Stanley McChrystal ' Killing the Enemy Is Not The Best Route to Success '
General Stanley McChrystal , the top US and NATO commander in Afghanistan , talks to SPIEGEL about his new approach to the war , negotiations with the Taliban and the hunt for Osama bin Laden .
By Jane Elliott
Health reporter , BBC News
Of 1,000 people surveyed , 92 % had suffered from temporary tinnitus
Two teenage students and their teacher say they have a web - based cure for the ringing in the ears experienced after exposure to high volumes .
Their website , Restored Hearing , sells 60 minute - long therapeutic " hums " , which they say have a 99 % success rate .
The concept won the runners - up prize at the BT Young Scientist and Technology Exhibition - but some audiologists are calling for a cautious response .
Temporary tinnitus , as the condition is known , lasts for up to 24 hours .
Of 1,000 people surveyed , 92 % had suffered from temporary tinnitus , Eimear O'Carroll , 19 , said .
Tests on 250 sufferers had " a 99 % success rate " , she said .
" After coming out of discos or listening to MP3 players they found they had ringing in their ears .
Our therapy ... stimulated and soothed the ear . "
The website was now creating " phenomenal levels of interest , " Ms O'Carroll added .
The problem with tinnitus is ... there are multiple proposed mechanisms for its cause , and thus a single treatment , or cure , will be difficult to find
Marcus Choo
Consultant surgeon Fellow student Rhona
Togher said : " We 're on to a winner . "
But Marcus Choo , a consultant ear , nose and throat surgeon at Sligo General Hospital , is calling for stringent clinical tests .
" The device works by introducing a low frequency noise to the affected ear , which helps straighten nerve endings ... distorted by loud noise .
" These distorted nerve endings are possibly responsible for the tinnitus associated with loud noise exposure .
" It is an innovative approach ... and full credit to the girls responsible for the idea .
" As for its potential for a permanent cure for the common form of tinnitus ... it is very early days yet .
Clinical scrutiny " The girls need to undertake further rigorous scientific research such as a randomised - control trial to establish the true efficacy of their device .
" The problem with tinnitus is ... there are multiple proposed mechanisms for its cause , and thus a single treatment , or cure , will be difficult to find . "
David Baguley , head of audiology at Cambridge University Hospitals and adviser to the British Tinnitus Association , agreed caution was vital .
" Innovative approaches to tinnitus treatment are generally to be encouraged , but they must be subjected to scientific and clinical scrutiny before they can be deemed safe and effective . "
Crystal Rolfe , of the charity RNID , said : " There are many different causes of tinnitus and at present there is no proven cure for the condition , althought there has been some promising research findings recently .
" Tinnitus and hearing loss caused by loud noise is the most preventable type .
Simply wearing ear plugs when watching live music and turning down your MP3 player can help protect your hearing . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The irony of some of these misspelled signs is just too delicious .
If you looked up “ low - hanging fruit ” in the dictionary , “ right wing protesters with misspelled signs ” would be the definition .
( Assuming you were looking it up in the mythical dictionary people always talk about that defines words not by their actual meanings but by proper names and humorous real world examples . )
Still , these photos have just been sitting on my hard drive forever , begging to be placed in a list … and I could only fight them off for so long .
So here are 11 misspelled protest signs .
In each case , the misspelling does n’t just belie the sign ’s message … it shatters it .
Enjoy .
1 | The “ Speak English ” crew
I ’ve posted a few of these before ( in my 11 Best Photos of Spelling Mistakes list ) … so , as to not rip you off , I lumped them in with some new ones for a single giant collage of “ Speak English ” goodness .
Yes , in every case , the person or people went out to admonish the Hispanic population to learn and speak English … and , in every case , the person or people misspelled something on their sign .
2 | The quality of FOX News
Keeps you informed … does n’t exactly sharpen the mind .
3 | Now … who ’s incompetent ?
It ’s pretty ballsy to call out someone ’s competence while misspelling the word “ competence . ”
Even if you look like someone who’d be an extra in a movie about Woodstock .
4 | Did n’t people used to say this about Texas and Bush ?
Unfortunately , this gets cut off , but what it ’s saying in red text is “ Somewhere in Kenya a village has lost its idiot . ”
Only the person behind the sign wrote “ It ’s idiot . ”
Which , ya know … yeah .
Also , just to drive home the point that this sign is the work of the English - challenged , the author spelled “ thing ” with a “ k . ”
That ’s like spelling “ Yale ” with a 6 .
5 | I AM outraged
As one of the biggest your / you ’re crusaders on the Internet , I am paying attention and I am outraged .
Just not about the same thing as this lady .
6 | A buffet of errors
Take your pick :
Do you judge for misspelling “ socialist ” … misspelling “ maverick ” … or for the Confederate flag ?
Also , as a note … as much as this guy is outraged about Obama ’s “ socialism ” ( rapidly becoming one of the most bastardized words in the English language , by the way ) , I just want to go on record saying that I do n’t want any of his stuff .
I promise .
Even if Obama comes out tomorrow and declares that we ’re now a Red country , I wo n’t be beating a path to this guy ’s door .
I just do n’t have any space in my room for a tin can collection or two dozen Big Dogs shirts .
7 | So… impeach Stranczek ?
Hey , he established the precedent .
I guess it ’s time to ride the mayor out of town on a rail .
8 | Amnesty gets nasty
I ’m still not sure if I ’m high on amnesty , either .
But I am high on spelling .
It ’s one of those fake highs .
Like I spell a bunch of words correctly and then spend 20 minutes saying , “ I think I feel something … no… yes !… wait … oh wow I ’m floating … hmmm … ”
9 | You know , the three Rs
Three - to - one odds he regrets this sign .
10 | Back to the books
I ’m stunned at the carelessness here .
( HI - YO ! )
11 | The real clear and present danger
Oh no , it ’s even worse than speaking Spanish … this woman is speaking Internet .
—
You may also like …
11 Wonderfully Misspelled Messages of Anger and Bigotry
11 Tremendously Bad Mistakes on School Signs
11 Best Photos of Spelling Mistakes
11 Cities Whose Names Are Actually Misspellings
The Most Misspelled Word in Every State
Hello everyone !
We 've been hard at work on a new , free objective based game mode called " Get To The Chopper . "
The objective is simple , the mercenaries must rush from point to point until they reach the extraction point where they can be rescued via helicopter .
The dinosaurs on the other hand , must prevent the mercenaries escape .
As the game mode has just left beta , we have updated it with two new maps and a launch trailer !
The first map comes in the form of a conversion of “ The Falls ” ( A fan favorite Team Deathmatch map ) into an all new Get to the Chopper themed adventure .
The other map , “ Ruthless ” is a new Get to the Chopper exclusive map set high up in the foreboding mountainous peaks of the Island , remember to dress warmly , it ’s set to get cold blooded up there .
This brings the total number of maps for " Get to the Chopper " to four .
" Get to the Chopper " also features the Spinosaurus as the game mode 's new and exclusive dinosaur class .
As an added bonus , we have also added in a free Battle - Scarred T - Rex skin to celebrate the release of the final edition of " Get to the Chopper . "
Check out the launch trailer below !
We hope you 've enjoyed this update !
We 've got more news to follow soon .
Be sure to watch out for updates on Facebook , Twitter and our forums !
Follow us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Check out our Forums
Pulitzer Prize winning writer Tracy Kidder , who wrote the book , Mountains Beyond Mountains about Dr. Farmer 's work in Haiti reports with hope on the earthquake caused crisis .
The catastrophe in Haiti spared the country ’s largest – and , I believe , most effective – rural health care provider , Partners In Health .
The organization ’s principal founder , Dr. Paul Farmer , is on his way to Haiti now with a surgical team .
The staff already in Haiti will welcome his arrival , but they have been at work for days now .
Indeed , they were some of the first medical personnel to respond to the crisis .
This is a large , highly skilled group of about 2000 community health workers , 500 nurses , and 120 doctors .
All but a few of them are Haitian .
They are spread out now .
Thousands of injured people have been traveling from the capital to the hospitals that PIH operates , along with the Ministry of Health , in the Central Plateau – 10 hospitals , all well - equipped and fully functional .
Others of the PIH - Haiti team are in the capital Port - au - Prince , where they have set up mobile clinics and where they are now establishing a central base of operations .
The plan is to provide emergency care to all comers and to stabilize patients who need higher levels of care and arrange to get them to the PIH hospitals .
Personally , I take hope from the example that PIH has set and is setting again .
I think it is one excellent model for the reconstruction of Haiti to come : an endeavor that employs and trains Haitians every step of the way , that builds infrastructure while attending to the basic needs of the poor , that does all it can to strengthen the public sector .
Many people have been writing to ask what they can do .
Paul reports , " I just talked to some of my Haitian coworkers who are in Port - au - Prince in the general hospital , and they ’ve reported to work .
[ But ] they do n't have electricity yet .
They do n't have the supplies that they need .
But there 's a lot of Haitian health professionals , doctors , nurses , aides who would like to [ do their job ] , but to do that you need the supplies .
You have to have the basics .
Gauze , plaster , or other casts .
You have to have the equipment that you need .
Anesthesia , pain medications , antibiotics .
And that 's what some of my medical colleagues are asking us for , supplies . "
PIH is purchasing and procuring donated supplies around the clock .
To aid in these efforts , please consider making a donation to their efforts today .
- Tracy Kidder
Paul Farmer , the U.N. 's special envoy to Haiti was one of the cofounders of Partners in Health .
He is a true progressive with a stellar record of service to humanity .
Paul Farmer ( born October 26 , 1959 ) is an American anthropologist and physician , the Presley Professor of Medical Anthropology in the Department of Social Medicine at Harvard University and an attending physician at Brigham and Women 's Hospital in Boston , Massachusetts .
In May 2009 he was named chairman of Harvard Medical School 's Department of Global Health and Social Medicine , succeeding his longtime friend and collaborator Dr. Jim Kim . [ 1 ]
He currently resides in Kigali , Rwanda .
He is board certified in Internal Medicine and Infectious Disease .
Farmer is one of the founders of Partners In Health ( PIH ) , an international health and social justice organization .
His work is the subject of Tracy Kidder 's 2003 book Mountains Beyond Mountains : The Quest of Dr. Paul Farmer , A Man Who Would Cure the World .
Dr. Farmer was mentioned as a possible nominee to head the U.S. Agency for International Development [ 2 ] , but his nomination was reportedly blocked by the White House [ 3 ] .
In August 2009 , Paul Farmer was named United Nations Deputy Special Envoy to Haiti to assist in improving the economic and social conditions of the Caribbean nation [ 4 ] .
The Partners in Health hospital in Hinche , undamaged by the earthquake because it was not too close to the epicenter , is receiving victims now .
Your help is needed so to meet the enormous need .
Donate here .
Partners in health has been building solar powered modern rural hospitals so that they can operate off the grid , not dependent on diesel fuel .
Fuel deliveries get interrupted because Haiti 's rural dirt roads get blocked by flooding .
New solar powered rural hospital in Haiti .
Installing the solar power system in Haiti .
Volunteer surgeons , surgical techs , OR nurses , post - op nurses and nurse anesthetists are needed .
( CNN ) -- Astronomers announced this week they found a water - rich and relatively nearby planet that 's similar in size to Earth .
While the planet probably has too thick of an atmosphere and is too hot to support life similar to that found on Earth , the discovery is being heralded as a major breakthrough in humanity 's search for life on other planets .
" The big excitement is that we have found a watery world orbiting a very nearby and very small star , " said David Charbonneau , a Harvard professor of astronomy and lead author of an article on the discovery , which appeared this week in the journal Nature .
The planet , named GJ 1214b , is 2.7 times as large as Earth and orbits a star much smaller and less luminous than our sun .
That 's significant , Charbonneau said , because for many years , astronomers assumed that planets only would be found orbiting stars that are similar in size to the sun .
Because of that assumption , researchers did n't spend much time looking for planets circling small stars , he said .
The discovery of this " watery world " helps debunk the notion that Earth - like planets could form only in conditions similar to those in our solar system .
" Nature is just far more inventive in making planets than we were imagining , " he said .
In a way , the newly discovered planet was sitting right in front of astronomers ' faces , just waiting for them to look .
Instead of using high - powered telescopes attached to satellites , they spotted the planet using an amateur - sized , 16 - inch telescope on the ground .
There were no technological reasons the discovery could n't have happened long ago , Charbonneau said .
The planet is also rather near to our solar system -- only about 40 light - years away .
Planet GJ 1214b is classified as a " super - Earth " because it is between one and 10 times as large as Earth .
Scientists have known about the existence of super - Earths for only a couple of years .
Most planets discovered by astronomers have been gassy giants that are much more similar to Jupiter than to Earth .
Charbonneau said it 's unlikely that any life on the newly discovered planet would be similar to life on Earth , but he did n't discount the idea entirely .
" This planet probably does have liquid water , " he said .
A BBC investigation has heard claims of seriously ill patients being told they are fit enough to work and denied benefit payments .
Two former doctors for the private healthcare company Atos , which carries out the medical assessments have expressed concerns that the checks are being done too quickly and that the system is biased towards declaring people fit for work .
BBC Scotland 's Social Affairs Reporter , Fiona Walker , has been investigating why some of those who had high hopes for ESA say it has been a failure .
There are 44,000 people waiting for their appeals to be heard Employment Support Allowance , or ESA , is replacing Incapacity Benefit .
It 's supposed to support the very sick , and as people get better , help them get back into the workplace .
The government said it wanted to get a million people back to work by 2015 but more that one year after introducing ESA , it says it can't measure how many people the scheme has got back into the workplace .
During the investigation , we 've heard claims that terminally ill patients are being told to attend back - to - work interviews while they apply for the new benefit .
We also heard concerns that the medicals are declaring seriously ill people as fit enough to go to work .
One of the patients we spoke to was Maureen Leitch .
She says she was called in for a medical assessment just a few weeks after undergoing chemotherapy and radiotherapy for vulval cancer .
She was declared fit for work and told she was n't entitled to ESA .
It feels like some of it is done inappropriately and it's almost being done to save money rather than to look after people
Dr Chris Johnstone
Paisley GP
She said : " I was struggling terribly with the whole cancer .
I was in extreme pain
It was a whole load of hassle , and aggravation that I did n't need at the time I was going through the journey of the cancer I feel insulted and badly let down , with the system . "
Maureen appealed the decision and it was overturned , meaning she was eventually awarded the benefit .
Currently , there are 44 , 000 people waiting for their appeals to be heard .
More than a third of people are winning their appeals .
Charities and organisations including Citizens ' Advice Bureau , say they 're worried that thousands of pounds of taxpayers ' money is being wasted because of the number of people going to appeal .
Everyone we 've interviewed for this investigation agrees that getting people back to work can be good for them .
Frequent appraisals
What they 're concerned about is the way the system is working in practice .
Dr Chris Johnstone is a GP in Paisley .
His work to help his patients back to work helped shape the ESA policy .
He said : " I have no problem with a rigorous medical assessment done in a supportive fashion .
" But I think if you have a slipshod one done , as it appears to be anecdotally , that 's unfair for the people going through the system .
It feels like some of it is done inappropriately and it's almost being done to save money rather than to look after people . "
The government wants to get people back into work Ultimately the decision on whether you get benefit or not is down to the Department of Work and Pensions ( DWP ) , but they have contracted a private healthcare company called Atos to carry out the initial medical assessments .
I 've spoken to two doctors who used to work for Atos .
They say they are concerned about the way checks are being done .
They both say they are worried that speaking out will affect their medical careers so we 've agreed not to reveal their names .
This is what one of the doctors told me : " We would frequently have appraisals .
They were all about how many clients you had seen and the average length of time it took to complete each assessment and write the reports .
" I wanted to know if they were happy with the quality of the reports I 'd done but they had n't even looked at my reports , only at the time it had taken .
It 's really tough to qualify for ESA .
" When doctors go in for the day 's assessments , they pretty much know the clients are going to be turned down . "
The other doctor I spoke to backed up those claims .
We asked to do an interview with Atos , but they refused .
Gaining skills
Instead they gave us a statement saying : " We are continually monitored and audited by the government to ensure that it completes the highest standard of assessment and that medical advice is correct .
" Atos Healthcare and its employees are not advised of the result of the assessment and the outcome has no bearing on Atos Healthcare targets or remuneration . "
Helping people back to work is one of the key aims of ESA .
But the government can't tell us how many people this new scheme has got back into work .
The minister for Disabled People at Westminster is Jonathan Shaw , MP .
I asked him why his department could n't tell us how many people ESA had successfully got back to work .
He said : " What 's essential is that we are providing a programme , across the board , not just for ESA claimants but for youngsters , for disabled people for elderly people , to try and gain the skills that they can to stay in the labour market and return to work .
" We 've got the pathways to work programme , which as I say is helping thousands of people who I 've met up and down the country this is early days , for the Employment Support Allowance . "
Mr Shaw also said he would be looking into the way cancer patients are treated .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Editor 's Note :
This is the third in a series of five features on carbon capture and storage , running daily from April 6 to April 10 , 2009 .
For more than a decade , Norwegian oil company Statoil Hydro has been stripping climate change–causing carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) from natural gas in its Sleipner West field and burying it beneath the seabed rather than venting it into the atmosphere .
The company estimates that since 1996 it has stored more than 10 million - plus metric tons of CO 2 some 3,300 feet ( 1,000 meters ) down in the sandstone formation from which it came — and all of it has stayed put , which means storage may be the simplest part of the carbon capture and storage ( CCS ) challenge .
The basics of carbon dioxide storage are simple : the same Utsira sandstone formation that has stored the natural gas for millions of years can serve to trap the CO 2 , explains Olav Kaarstad , CCS adviser at Statoil .
An 800 - foot ( 250 - meter ) thick band of sandstone — porous , crumbly rock that traps the gas in the minute spaces between its particles — is covered by relatively impermeable 650 - foot ( 200 - meter ) thick layer of shale and mudstone ( think : hardened clay ) .
" We are n't really much worried about the integrity of the seal and whether the CO 2 will stay down there over many hundreds of years , " Kaarstad says .
The company monitors its storage through periodic seismic testing , a process that is not unlike a sonogram through the earth , says hydrologist Sally Benson , director of the global climate and energy project at Stanford University .
That monitoring indicates that between 1996 and this past March , the liquid CO 2 has spread to occupy some three square kilometers , just 0.0001 percent of the area available for such storage .
" We 're not going into a salt cavern , we 're not going into an underground river .
We 're going into microscopic holes , " explains geologist Susan Hovorka of the University of Texas at Austin , who has worked on pilot projects in the U.S.
" Add it up and it's a large volume " of storage space .
How large ?
The U.S. Department of Energy ( DoE ) estimates that the U.S. alone has storage available for 3,911 billion metric tons of CO 2 in the form of geologic reservoirs of permeable sandstones or deep saline aquifers , according to a 2008 DoE atlas .
These reservoirs are more than enough for the 3.2 billion metric tons of CO 2 emitted every year by the roughly 1,700 large industrial sources in the country .
Most of that storage is near where the majority of coal in the U.S. is burned : the Midwest , Southeast and West .
" There are at least 100 years of CO 2 sequestration capacity and probably significantly more , " Benson says .
The storage seems to be long - term as well ; the sequestered CO 2 does n't just sit in the rock waiting for a chance to escape .
Over decades it forms carbonate minerals with the surrounding rock , or it dissolves into the brine that shares the pore space , Hovorka notes .
In fact , when she tried to pump CO 2 out of her test site south of Dayton , Tex. using natural gas extraction techniques , the attempts failed completely .
According to the U.N. Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , which issued a special report on CCS in 2005 , a properly selected site should securely store at least 99 percent of the sequestered CO 2 for more than 1,000 years .
James Dooley , a senior research scientist at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory and an IPCC lead author , considers that to be a reachable goal .
" If it took all that energy to shove [ the CO 2 ] into that sandstone , it 's going to take a lot of energy to get it out , " he notes .
" Like an oil field , where we get out half or less of the original oil in place , a lot of the CO 2 gets stuck in there .
It 's immobilized in the rock . "
Encouraged by the success of the Sleipner project , Statoil recently began another CO 2 injection program at the Snohvit natural gas field in the Barents Sea , despite the requirement that they build a 95 - mile ( 150 - kilometer ) pipeline on the seabed to pump the CO 2 to where it can be sequestered .
And since 2005 , oil giant BP and its partners ( including Statoil ) in the In Salah gas field in Algeria have been stripping the nine billion cubic meters of natural gas produced there annually of the 10 percent carbon dioxide it contains and pumping a million metric tons of liquid CO 2 back into the underlying saline aquifer through three additional wells at a cost of $ 100 million .
BP uses a variety of techniques , including satellite monitoring , to observe the impact of the CO 2 storage ( and natural gas removal ) .
Whereas some areas sank by roughly 0.24 inch ( six millimeters ) as natural gas was extracted , near the CO 2 injection wells the land rose by some 0.39 inch ( 10 millimeters ) , according to Gardiner Hill , manager of technology and engineering for CCS at BP 's alternative energy arm .
" The gas has been down there about 20 million years so we know [ the reservoir ] has integrity , " he says .
The DoE's National Energy Technology Laboratory is also working on developing appropriate monitoring , verification and accounting technologies .
BP and Statoil are not doing these CCS projects for charity , of course .
A Norwegian government tax on carbon of roughly $ 50 per metric ton inspired the CO 2 sequestration at Sleipner and Snohvit .
" It costs a fraction of the tax , " Kaarstad says .
" We are actually making money out of this . "
Both Statoil and BP foresee more money - making CO 2 storage opportunities .
Hill notes that if CCS is deployed on a very large scale , society will need the expertise of the oil industry — its " 100 years of understanding the subsurface , " he says .
" We would expect the experience we are building through this to position BP to take advantage of any future business . "
If you 're ever caught short in broad daylight and decide you really must relieve yourself behind a parked car , it 's probably a good idea to make sure there is n't one of Google 's Orwellian Street View spymobiles lurking nearby .
According to Spanish paper El Mundo , this delightful scene was spotted in Madrid by sharp - eyed bloggers , who wasted no time in broadcasting it to the world .
Within 12 hours , Google responded by scrubbing the image altogether .
The analysis on this page is being published shortly before the end of 2009 , and at the date of first publication ( Dec 31 ) is missing the final two weeks of the year .
Figures displayed in blue are dynamic and will be updated from the IBC database as the remaining days are added .
With this analysis IBC is introducing new interactive graphing tools allowing users to create their own trend analyses .
We welcome comments to tGeRkX@@iVrEaNqDbOoBdQyLcPoBuHnAtG..oBrEgTRemove the capital letters to get the email address
Civilian deaths from violence in 2009
Analysis of the year ’s toll from the Iraq Body Count project
First published
Introduction
This IBC analysis of 2009 trends begins with the same cautionary note that prefaced the largely “ surge ” focused 2008 report :
… a distinction must be drawn between abstractions represented by varying rates of violence and the reality of that violence for those experiencing it .
Every statistic on this page can be traced to a human life violently ended , none of whom are any less a victim for having been killed during a downward trend in violence .
Trends
2009 has seen a number of significant improvements in levels of armed and non-state terrorist violence in Iraq .
However , even taking into account worsening conditions elsewhere in the world , such violence still afflicts Iraq 's population more than any other .
Findings are summarised below , with graphs and underlying data available via the ' Show graph ' buttons .
Yearly totals
The annual civilian death toll from violence in 2009 was the lowest since the 2003 invasion , at 5,382 by Dec 31 ( 2008 : 10,286 ) , and had the lowest recorded monthly toll ( 226 in November ) .
However , for the first time since 2006 there has been no significant within - year decline , and the second half of 2009 saw about as many civilian deaths as the first .
This may indicate that the situation is no longer improving .
Most violent city
On a per-capita basis , Mosul ( 799 recorded deaths in an estimated population of 1.8 m ) has in 2009 become significantly more deadly than Baghdad ( est. pop. 6.5 m , 1,725 deaths ) , despite none of the year 's largest - scale bombings occurring in Mosul .
Additionally , Mosul 's absolute number of violent incidents deadly to civilians in 2009 ( 592 ) far exceeded Baghdad 's ( 459 ) .
Civilian deaths caused by Coalition and Iraqi state forces
Non-combatant Iraqi deaths resulting directly from actions involving US - led coalition forces were dramatically lower than in the preceding year , with a total of 87 reported by Dec 25 ( 2008 : 656 ) : deaths due to air attacks reduced from 365 in 2008 to 1 in 2009 ( as of Dec 25 ) .
Deaths involving Iraqi forces were down from 587 in 2008 to 123 in 2009 .
Of these deaths caused by US - coalition and Iraqi state forces , the number killed in joint actions fell from 120 in 2008 to 16 in 2009 ; the overall number of civilians killed by state forces ( US - coalition , Iraqi , or both ) was 1,123 in 2008 and 194 in 2009 .
Anti-occupation forces
1 ' Unknown agents ' are defined by IBC as : Those who appear to attack civilian targets lacking a clear or unambiguous link to the foreign military presence in Iraq .
This may include some overlap with other groups as well as with criminal murders .
' Anti-occupation forces ' are identified by IBC when : their targets were either US - led Coalition personnel or Iraqis working for , or in collaboration with , the Coalition forces .
Whether the current situation in Iraq is strictly an occupation is irrelevant to this classification : it is sufficient that the anti-occupation forces see themselves as such .
See IBC 's 2005 Dossier for more ( Glossary , p.26 , and Killers , pp.10 - 11 ) .
The difficulty of reliably identifying many of the perpetrator groups behind civilian deaths in Iraq 's post- invasion conflict ( with the exception of uniformed forces ) means that most of the deaths recorded by IBC are assigned to the Unknown agent category .
However even from the minority of incidents where perpetrators could be positively identified , it is apparent that 2009's violence profile remains one where “ anti-occupation ” activity continues to play a central part in the deaths of Iraqi civilians and , most obviously , police or Government - allied targets ( police forces members accounting for 1,227 ( 22.8 % ) of the deaths recorded by IBC in 2009 ) .
1
Largest - scale bombings
Large - scale bombings killing more than 50 civilians per attack have increased in their severity of impact , claiming 758 lives in 8 attacks during 2009 compared to 534 in 9 attacks during 2008 ( most of them in the early part of the year ) .
Weapon trends
Magnetic bombs secretly attached to cars have changed from a relatively rare to a common form of assassination ( 62 killed in 2008 , 200 killed in 2009 ) .
As generally with attacks targeting individuals , the perpetrators remain largely in IBC's Unknown agent category .
Individuals are also the targets of summary executions , often involving torture , whose number fell substantially from 2,380 in 2008 to 290 in 2009 .
Unlike civilian killings generally , the frequency of executions continued to decline throughout 2009 .
For trends in other weapons ( explosive violence , suicide attacks , gunfire ) , see interactive graph at foot of page .
' Everyday terrorism '
2 Closest were Pakistan and Afghanistan ( Brookings Institute )
With roughly two explosions deadly to civilians and police every day in 2009 ( 769 explosions causing 3,126 deaths ) , Iraq continues to be the non-state terrorism capital of the world , suffering more deaths from such attacks than any other country .
2
Official statistics
3 Monthly ministries figures are widely reported but were given in most consistent detail during 2009 by Agence France - Presse .
4 See e.g. CNN and AP .
Official figures released monthly by Iraqi ministries remain consistently lower than IBC's ( as in previous years ) ; 3 however , longer - term official figures released in 2009 by the Iraqi Ministry of Human Rights show somewhat higher totals than IBC for 2004 - 6 .
This indicates that , as expected , a full accounting for the entire period from 2003 is likely to be above , not below , IBC 's present count .
4 Official figures are presented in aggregate form , whereas IBC 's numbers are obtained from incidents individually listed on its website that are open to public scrutiny for verification or amendment .
Interactive Graph
Published online 11 December 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2009.1132
News
Pixar software could help simulate molecular interactions inside cells .
The movement of proteins through the crowded cytoplasm of a bacterium has been simulated .
Adrian Elcock
Computer programs like those used in animated movies such as Shrek could soon be helping more cell biologists explain hypotheses — or even to make new discoveries , according to scientists presenting work in San Diego this month at the meeting for the American Society of Cell Biology .
" We want to be able to make predictions , " says Adrian Elcock of the University of Iowa in Iowa City .
" At the very least we want our models to reproduce known behaviours . "
Elcock is simulating the movement of proteins and other big molecules inside virtual bacterial cells .
He built models from known data — including the atomic structures of proteins and concentrations of the 50 most abundant macromolecules in Escherichia coli — and then factored in how the molecular structure of each might cause proteins to stick to each other .
His model nicely reproduces established data showing that green fluorescent protein diffuses approximately 10 times more slowly in the crowded environment of a bacterial cell than in a test tube .
" Animation is seen as more eye candy than anything , " says Janet Iwasa of Harvard Medical School in Boston .
" That could change . "
Iwasa , who chaired the session on three - dimensional visualization , creates animations for researchers to help them explain their hypotheses to each other .
She says the impetus for the session began when one of her animations — showing the protein clathrin , which helps cells take in material from the cell membrane — won the CellDance competition at last year 's meeting ( see movie ) .
Demand for her services often comes after scientists see an animation representing a competing hypothesis and want to be able to show their own view of what 's happening , she says .
Tinseltown tricks
Our brains do n't cope well with following the myriad interactions inside cells , says Jonathan Alberts of the University of Washington in Friday Harbor .
" Our intuition is fragile in this regard .
We need a tool to help us understand . "
Alberts simulated cellular parts such as motor proteins and actin filaments , programmed them to obey a few mathematical rules reflecting physical forces , and saw that they were able to reproduce their behaviour in cells on his computer screen .
Biological systems are robust , he reasoned , so " all we really need to do , we hope , is get things about right , and we will see some emergent properties " .
A prize - winning animation shows clathrin in action .
Janet Iwasa
Alberts showed his work modelling the contractile ring in fission yeast , a belt of proteins that assembles around a rod - shaped cell and constricts to divide the cell in two .
He fed parameters into the model and watched .
At first all seemed well ; the proteins formed nodes and gathered into a ring .
Then they collapsed in a clump .
Still , he says , the preliminary results are encouraging .
" You really see self - organization happen . "
Many scientists already use an array of software to visualize proteins in three dimensions , but these programs do not show how proteins behave in their cellular context .
For that , scientific animators turn to Maya — the same program Pixar and other Hollywood firms rely on .
But getting the scientific data into the platform is a major roadblock , says Gaël McGill , chief executive of Digizyme , who teaches molecular visualization at Harvard Medical School in Boston .
" It 's the most common question we have : Can we embellish Maya so that it 's easier for scientists to bring the data in ? "
ADVERTISEMENT
McGill announced free software called Molecular Maya Toolkit that allows researchers to automatically bring protein structures into a cellular landscape using data from online repositories .
Meeting attendee Patrick Huehls of Indiana University in Bloomington believes the toolkit will be highly used , and not only by those hoping to bring science to nonexperts .
Scientists themselves are coming to depend on animation , he says .
" It 's becoming more part of discovery than an endpoint . "
The ability to speak a second language is n’t the only thing that distinguishes bilingual people from their monolingual counterparts — their brains work differently , too .
Research has shown , for instance , that children who know two languages more easily solve problems that involve misleading cues .
A new study published in Psychological Science reveals that knowledge of a second language — even one learned in adolescence — affects how people read in their native tongue .
The findings suggest that after learning a second language , people never look at words the same way again .
Eva Van Assche , a bilingual psychologist at the Univer­sity of Ghent in Belgium , and her colleagues recruited 45 native Dutch - speaking students from their university who had learned English at age 14 or 15 .
The researchers asked the participants to read a collection of Dutch sentences , some of which included cognates — words that look similar and have equivalent meanings in both lan­guages ( such as “ sport , ” which means the same thing in both Dutch and English ) .
They also read other sen­tences containing only noncognate words in Dutch .
Van Assche and her colleagues recorded the participants ’ eye move­ments as they read .
They found that the subjects spent , on average , eight fewer milliseconds gazing at cognate words than control words , which suggests that their brains processed the dual - language words more quickly than words found only in their native language .
“ The most important implication of the study is that even when a per­son is reading in his or her native language , there is an influence of knowledge of the nondominant second language , ” Van Assche notes .
“ Becoming a bilingual changes one of people ’s most automatic skills . ”
She plans to investigate next whether people who are bilingual also process auditory language information differently .
“ Many questions remain , ” she says .
Note :
This story was originally printed with the title " Bilingual Brains "
Mr Reeve , pictured with his baby daughter , died in hospital A British tourist has been shot dead in a bar in the United States .
Thomas Reeve , 28 , was killed when a man entered the bar in Amarillo , Texas , and opened fire , according to local police .
A suspect has been charged with capital murder , police said .
A 48 - year - old man was shot in the hand and a woman sexually assaulted , local reports say .
The parents of Mr Reeve , of Maidenhead , Berks , said : " He was just in the wrong place , at the wrong time . "
He leaves behind nine - month - old daughter Tabitha .
Reports have named the man who has been charged as Ray Carlos Cisneros , 25 .
A family statement said : " Tom was a much loved son , brother and father who will be missed by the whole family and very many friends . "
' Loved life '
He had only visited the city where he died " because he liked the song " ( Is This The Way To ) Amarillo by Tony Christie , it said .
" He loved life , was always happy and optimistic about the future .
He was generous , kind and always saw the best in everyone he met .
He adored his nine - month - old daughter , Tabitha , and was a devoted father .
" The whole family are in shock and will be issuing no further statements at this time . "
When we saw it was a UK national who had just got into Amarillo that day it made our hearts sink
Adam Cox
KGNC Radio Amarillo Relatives are receiving assistance from the Foreign Office consulate .
Mr Reeve had been driving from San Francisco , California , to Florida with two friends .
US police said Mr Reeve , who rented a car in California , had arrived in Amarillo just hours prior to the shooting .
Another friend described Mr Reeve as " lovely and easygoing " .
He died at Northwest Texas Hospital , Amarillo , before being taken to Lubbock for a post - mortem examination .
Sgt Kevin Dockery of Amarillo special crimes unit told the BBC News channel that the incident was " shocking " .
He added : " The bar itself is a small pub .
It 's in a nice area of town - we really have not had that much trouble there in the past so this was kind of shocking that this occurred .
" We do not have a lot of information on [ the suspect ] right now as he is not from Amarillo .
" At this time he has been charged with capital murder and we are looking at some additional charges some time down the road . "
Police have interviewed some 20 people who were in the bar during the incident and have studied video footage of the shooting .
Officers said the gunman also attacked other customers in the bar , hitting them either with his fist or handgun , and took wallets , purses , wallets and money from the bar 's cash register .
He also forced one woman to remove some clothing , police added .
Texas newspaper
The Lubbock Avalanche - Journal said on its website that police were called to the Spotted Pony Lounge at about 2245 local time on Thursday ( 0445 GMT on Friday ) .
It said a police manhunt ended with Ray Carlos Cisneros being taken into custody at about 1730 ( 2330 GMT ) on Friday .
Adam Cox , a reporter at KGNC Radio Amarillo , told the BBC there was " a lot of shock " in the town at what had happened .
" It 's a pretty popular bar , right in the centre of Amarillo , the Spotted Pony Bar .
Not many people expect this to happen where people will wander in and shoot up a bar like that , " he said .
Mr Cox said : " It really is a heartbreaking story , you hate to hear that .
When we saw it was a UK national who had just got into Amarillo that day it made our hearts sink . "
" We do n't have any motive yet .
We do know that the man had apparently been at the bar earlier in the day , so we do n't know if there was anything that could have happened earlier . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
15:17
Olcsón adja a zöldséget a Fidesz Tiszaújvárosban , nyolc nappal a választások előtt
In your wistful Wednesday media column : Fox News anchor moves up in the world , layoffs loom at Time Inc. and BusinessWeek , people still say they read newspapers , and Pat Kiernan has a contest , for you .
Ha , the fake Onion News Network has hired yet another real TV journalist , Suzanne Sena of Fox News ( joke ) .
Laugh now ; they could totally get Lou Dobbs , if they tried .
Keith Kelly says the bulk of Time Inc 's editorial layoffs could come next week — as many as 90 at the company 's biggest magazines , to make up for the non-outpouring of buyout volunteers .
So next week should be as sunny as this week , in media land !
A new study " finds that 74 % of adults — nearly 171 million — in the United States read a newspaper in print or online during the past week . "
This is presented as a positive sign for newspapers .
Left unsaid is the fact that 68 % of those readers were reading " Family Circus . "
Popular hero NY1 newsman Pat Kiernan informs us of this breaking trivia - related development :
For almost two years now , fans of World Series of Pop Culture have been asking me " when is the show coming back ? "
Since VH1 has set its priorities elsewhere , the short term answer is " I do n't know . "
I 'll keep trying .
In the meantime , my love of Pop Culture trivia can be suppressed no longer .
Each weekday at 11:30 am ET I 'll tweet a question at @patkiernan .
I 'll post it on the website at the same time at www.patspapers.com/trivia
It 's tough to run a true trivia competition online because everybody can just Google the answers .
But for those who respond with the correct answer I 'll award a prize at random from time to time .
Mostly it 's just about writing some fun questions and creating a place for WSOPC fans to gather .
He tells us this week 's prize is a $ 25 gift certificate and adds , " I 'm taking the first 10 responses in the " Comments " section and choosing one at random , hoping to take away the incentive to obsessively press refresh and then google the answer . "
Do n't fuck around with Pat Kiernan 's contest rules .
Also in layoff news :
We 've been updating our AP Layoff List throughout the day , and tips keep coming in .
Check it again if you have n't lately , it 's long .
And we hear BusinessWeek staffers are finding out about their own layoffs right now .
Email us with info .
Jan. 22 , 2010 -- Cutting U.S. salt intake by just half a teaspoon a day would prevent up to 92,000 deaths , 99,000 heart attacks , and 66,000 strokes -- a benefit as big as smoking cessation .
That 's the prediction from computer models that used real clinical data to predict the effects of small reductions in salt intake .
" The [ heart ] benefits of reduced salt intake are on par with the benefits of population - wide reductions in tobacco use , obesity , and cholesterol levels , " says Kirsten Bibbins - Domingo , PhD .
Cutting daily salt intake by a half teaspoon -- about 3 grams -- would not be enough to bring most Americans down to the goal of 3.7 grams a day recommended for about 70 % of adults .
It would n't even get us down to the 5.8 grams a day recommended for lowest - risk adults .
That 's because the average U.S. man gets about 10.4 grams a day and the average U.S. woman gets about 7.3 grams a day .
But cutting back by 3 grams , or even just 1 gram , would have huge effects across the population , Bibbins - Domingo and colleagues find .
And here 's the best part :
To get the benefit , you do n't have to do anything .
Of course , there is a catch .
Food manufacturers would have to stop putting so much salt into processed foods .
The U.S. Department of Agriculture says that 77 % of the salt in the American diet comes from processed food .
Only 6 % is shaken out at the table , and only 5 % is sprinkled during cooking .
Would we miss that salt in processed foods ?
Not if we 're like the British .
" In the United Kingdom , a population - wide reduction in dietary salt of 10 % was achieved in four years without a reduction in sales of the food products included in the initial effort and without consumer complaints about taste , " Bibbins - Domingo and colleagues report .
There 's more good news .
Once people cut back on salt -- whether or not they know they are doing it -- they begin to prefer less salt in their food .
This happens in a matter of weeks .
It had been a regular day at work .
I pushed throughout the day working in Autocad drawings to meet a deadline for an HVAC system design project .
At 5:30 pm , when all plans were signed and sealed , and all quality control work was done for the nth time , I went home .
I gave my wife Johanna a kiss and took my 2 children Christopher and Anabella to the backyard to play around for a while .
Florida weather in mid to late November is usually pretty nice so this is a refreshing part of the day , and as any parent knows , it takes work and love to spend quality time with your kids before they go to bed .
Once the kids are in bed you actually have time to think and ponder your life .
With Christopher and Anabella sleeping , I powered on my self - assembled computer , and started looking at Yahoo News .
One of the headlines was about a big $ $$ prize for whoever finds the biggest prime number yet .
I 've always had a passion for mathematics and physics , which are hobbies I 've always balanced out with my professional and personal life , so this news story was of interest to me , and it read something like this :
“ A prize of One Million Dollars is offered to whoever finds the biggest prime number up to 1 Billion DIGITS . ”
You may have noticed the word “ Digits ” is in capitals and bold .
This is the key word I did NOT see !
I thought it was up to the number 1 billion which only has 10 digits !!!
I was however very motivated to ponder about prime numbers for a couple of hours .
I kept thinking “ 1 million bucks , 1 million bucks ! ” I did not know what I was getting myself into ...
The first question you may have is “ What are prime numbers ? ” .
They are numbers which are only divisible by themselves and the number one .
These numbers have only two factors .
For example , the number 15 can be divided by 1 , 3 , 5 & 15 , so it has 4 factors , but the number 17 can only be divided by 1 & 17 , so it has only 2 factors , which makes 17 a prime number .
These numbers are the most important objects in mathematics because , as the ancient Greeks discovered , they are the building blocks of all numbers — any of which can be broken down into a product of primes .
( For example , 105 = 3 x 5 x 7 . )
They are the atoms of arithmetic , and I now know they also represent one of the greatest challenges in mathematics .
I had known most of my life about prime numbers , but never thought much about them .
That night , I started to scribble some formulas and draw random geometrical shapes that took me nowhere .
But , being an HVAC Mechanical Engineer , I took this exploration to the next level by firing up Autocad ( which is what I use for developing HVAC System Construction Documents ) .
The first thing I did was draw 32.000 consecutive circles of diameter equal to 1 unit , so each consecutive circle represents every consecutive integer from zero to 32.000 .
Every single circle in this series represents a multiple of 1 .
Next , below the family of circles of diameter 1 , I input 16.000 consecutive circles of diameter 2 .
Every circle in this family represents a multiple of 2 .
Sept. 19 , 2006  --
The food aisles do n't seem very safe these days .
There are still no firm answers as to what caused an E. coli outbreak in fresh spinach that has now been reported in 21 states and taken one life .
And there are not many firm answers as to how to avoid similar outbreaks in the future .
We know that people should wash all fresh foods to kill most germs and bacteria .
But water will not wash away E.coli , salmonella or listeria .
In its quest to find what else might work on these potentially deadly bacteria , the Food and Drug Administration gave the OK to an unusual -- somewhat creepy - sounding -- food safety solution .
In August , the FDA approved the spraying of some foods with viruses in an effort to stop certain bacteria .
The spray is n't intended to battle E.coli but to destroy the bacterium Listeria monocytogenes .
Listeria is a reasonably nasty bacteria found in soil , water and the intestines of food - producing animals .
Animals who carry listeria can spread it to meat , dairy products or to other products that roll around a processing plant en route to your plate .
Roughly 2,500 people in the United States become seriously ill with listeriosis each year , and of those , about 500 die .
The Killer Cocktail
The FDA has now approved a virus - cocktail spray that might prevent listeriosis .
The spray , called LMP 102 , is a mixture of six different special viruses called bacteriophages -- viruses that infect only bacteria , not people , animals or plants .
Even though these bacteriophages cannot infect people , are they safe ?
Not completely .
Bacteriophages , like all viruses , contain protein .
These proteins can cause allergic reactions , just like milk proteins cause milk allergies .
The bacteriophages might also get into battle with the friendly bacteria in the digestive system , making it harder for the body to digest food .
But that 's a risk the FDA already takes by allowing the use of antibiotics on farms .
The FDA currently allows bacteriophages to be used in pesticides , including those sprayed on crops .
But this is the first time that the FDA has regulated the use of bacteriophages as a food additive .
Other countries actually use bacteriophages in antibiotic drugs .
The idea here is that these six bacteriophages will infect and kill any listeria bacteria that might linger on ready - to - eat meats such as sliced ham and turkey .
Scientists might not determine how effective it is until the product becomes commercially available .
Although it 's not available yet , the spray could be in processing plants in as little as six months .
According to the U.S. Department of Agriculture , use of this spray will have to be marked on the food just like any other ingredient on the label .
Consumers might soon see the words " bacteriophage preparation " on cold cuts .
While this preparation is intended to make food safer , it does not come without its own risks .
There are many different types of appliances that are available in New Zealand because of the fact most of the domestic appliances in NZ are made to match the custom needs of families at home .
That is why there is a range of different products that people can avail and they can make use of these appliances for a long time .
But , when it comes to buying things which you have to sue on a daily basis , there are many things that you need to consider and that are important whaen you have to keep your appliances in a storage area .
Storage area could be of different type .
You may need to keep the appliances ta home , in your store room or in the attic .
It depends on the type of appliances that you need to keep in the storage area .
If you have bigger appliances like integrated dishwasher , washer dryer , washing machines , dryers , fridge freezer or ovens you may need to look for a space where there is no water coming in or any kind of tripping issues .
You may also look for enough space that will keep the appliance safe and sound .
Furthermore , direct sunlight and other issues or weather factors may not be affecting the area in a direct or indirect manner .
While storing microwave oven , dryer , benchtop oven , cooktops and other things like that you should be aware of the fact that these need to be kept safe from rust area and dry place where these can be accommodate safely without getting damaged .
You must be able to arrange a space that is dry , not affected by rain or other water sources and is safe to store any kind of delicate or heavy duty appliance for days , months or sometimes for a year or so , it is important to note that the space you select must be safe from fire and other such issues as well so that you can keep it there for the time you need and will be able to reuse when required .
President Barack Obama 's meeting with congressional Republicans in Baltimore on Friday provided a remarkable glimpse into relations between the president and the GOP .
Republicans complained that Obama and the Democratic leadership had n't taken a serious look at their policy proposals .
Obama complained that Republicans were often more focused on scoring political points than in solving problems .
Obama challenged their facts and , during an exchange with Rep. Jeb Hensarling , said , " I am happy to have any independent fact - checker out there take a look at your presentation versus mine in terms of the accuracy of what I just said . "
We accept .
We 've examined these claims :
• Rep. Jeb Hensarling did some extreme cherry - picking to suggest that deficits have ballooned under Obama .
But using the Hensarling technique , you could also say they were bigger under President George W. Bush .
Hensarling earns a False .
• Rep. Tom Price complained that Obama and his aides have repeatedly said that Republicans " have no ideas and no solutions " on health care .
We rated that True .
• Obama again cited numbers to complain that he inherited a budget mess when he took office .
We rated that Mostly True .
• Another point Obama and the House Republicans sparred over was health care reform .
Republicans told Obama they did have positive solutions to improve the health care system , but their efforts were ignored .
Obama replied that he is always willing to look at Republican ideas , but those ideas have to be realistic and effective .
" There 's got to be a mechanism in these plans that I can go to an independent health care expert and say , ' Is this something that will actually work or is it boilerplate ? ' "
Obama said .
" It ca n't just be political assertions that are n't substantiated when it comes to the actual details of policy , because otherwise we 're going to be selling the American people a bill of goods . "
Here at PolitiFact , we examined a GOP plan for health care in November 2009 , so the Republicans are correct that they have produced a proposal .
The plan favored consumer choice , addressed medical malpractice lawsuits , and had a much lower price tag than Democratic plans .
But experts also said that it did not do much to reduce the number of the uninsured and could reduce consumer protections .
var f = function ( ) { var n = 42 ; return function ( ) { return n ; } ; } ( ) ; var result = f( ) ; alert ( result ) ;
f
n
42
var f2 = function ( ) { return n ; } ; var f = function ( ) { var n = 42 ; return f2 ; } ( ) ; var result = f( ) ; alert ( result ) ;
n is not defined
n
f2
window
window .n
undefined
Take a look at the below code :
The functionis a self - invoking function that returns a function , that returns the variabledeclared in the outer function .
The alert of the above code is , as you 'd expect , Now let 's try rewriting the above code so that instead of returning a function that is declared internally , it now returns a function that was defined outside ( but that does the same thing ) :
This should return the same result , no ?
Actually , we are greeted with the following error :
This is because of JavaScript 's static scoping , also known as lexical scoping , because This means that the scope of the variable is determined at compile - time , and from the second code snippet we can see that during compile time variableof functionhas ) as it's scope ; and since n does n't exist in the global scope , it is
Hey , it was the 70’s .
( submitted by Herman )
Condoms for Olympic Athletes To Be Auctioned
Some 5,000 condoms that were not used during the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games is being offered for sale in an auction .
Each condom is marked with the Olympic motto of “ faster , higher , stronger ” both in English and in Chinese .
The units were collected by sports memorabilia enthusiast Zhao Xiaokai .
The starting price will be one Yuan per unit ( US $ 0.15 ) and will be sold by batch .
Olympic organizers have been distributing free condoms for the athletes to use .
This has started at the 1992 Barcelona Olympics .
There were about 100,000 condoms specifically produced for the Beijing Olympics .
This will be the first time that condoms will be auctioned in China .
The auction organizers included the items in the list to help promote public awareness for HIV and AIDS .
There are concerns from them however that potential buyers may be too embarrassed to bid .
Information of the names of the athletes who have given the unused condoms was not disclosed .
Bandai 's mobile phone site promises more details in 2010 ; comic , music , visual works planned
New Code Geass
Project Launch Green - Lit !
Wait for more info in 2010 !!
Geass
Animedia
Code Geass : Lelouch of the Rebellion
R2
R2
Bandai 's mobile phone website m-pub.channel.or.jp is hosting a graphic that reads as follows :
The image adds that this project represents a " rebirth " and thatwill take a new step starting today .
The message is signed with the name , " ZERO .
" In the January 2009 issue of Gakken ' smagazine , the Sunrise anime studio indicated the possibility of more plans for its Code Geass science - fiction franchise .
Sunrise created and animated thetelevision anime series and itssequel .
Sunrise did not indicate the format that any hypothetical future plans might take .
The Adult Swim television programming block ran Bandai Entertainment 's adaptation of thesequel in North America .
Image © Sunrise / Project Geass , MBSCharacter Design © CLAMPMore background information added .
The website has reverted back to its earlier contents , and the image revealing the new Code Geass project is no longer posted on the main page , even though it is still available by directly accessing its address .
The same message that appeared on the mobile website also appears on the franchise 's computer website after the main page downloads a Flash interstitial .
It was also repeated during Saturday 's " Kiseki no Tanjōbi " event .
Thanks eaglestorm and Crystal .
The franchise 's computer website has posted a page devoted to the new project .
The page has a message from Code Geass producer Yoshitaka Kawaguchi .
According to Kawaguchi , the new project will feature the simultanteous releases of comic series , music , new products under development , and visual works .
More details will be revealed in the January issue of Kadokawa Shoten 's Newtype magazine , which ships this week .
The Science and Public Policy Institute has published an analysis of the leaked climategate emails .
This 149 - page document takes the emails in chronological order and shows , with comments on each message , how science was perverted .
In the introductory material the report says :
The entire industry of “ climate science ” was created out of virtually nothing , by means of a massive influx of funding that was almost universally one - sided in its requirement that its recipients find evidence for man-made climate change — not investigate whether or how much mankind had caused climate change .
Many “ climate scientists ” built their entire careers on this funding ; and so it is not surprising that they became so completely reliant on this conditional lifeline , that they became single - mindedly focused on achieving the ends for which they were commissioned — and viciously attacking any intruders who may threaten that lifeline .
The PDF file may be download from either of these links :
http://scienceandpublicpolicy.org/images/stories/papers/reprint/climategate_analysis.pdf
or http://tinyurl.com/yl8o3t8
Robert Ferguson , President
Science and Public Policy Institute
www.scienceandpublicpolicy.org
Government regulators have been slow to respond .
Radiation accidents are chronically underreported , and a patchwork of laws to protect patients from harm are weak or unevenly applied , creating an environment where the new technology has outpaced its oversight , where hospitals that violate safety rules , injure patients and fail to report mistakes often face little or no punishment , The New York Times has found .
In this largely unregulated marketplace , manufacturers compete by offering the latest in technology , with only a cursory review by the government , and hospitals buy the equipment to lure patients and treat them more quickly .
Radiation - generating machines are so ubiquitous that used ones are even sold on eBay .
“ Vendors are selling to anyone , ” said Eric E. Klein , a medical physicist and professor of radiation oncology at Washington University in St. Louis .
“ New technologies were coming into the clinics without people thinking through from Step 1 to Step 112 to make sure everything is going to be done right . ”
A national testing service recently found unacceptable variations in doses delivered by a now common form of machine - generated radiation called Intensity Modulated Radiation Therapy , or I.M.R.T .
To help institutions achieve more consistency , an association of medical physicists issued new I.M.R.T. guidelines in November .
The problems also extend to equipment used to diagnose disease .
More than 300 patients in four hospitals  and possibly many more  were overradiated by powerful CT scans used to detect strokes , government health officials announced late last year .
The overdoses were first discovered at Cedars - Sinai Medical Center , a major Los Angeles hospital , where 260 patients received up to eight times as much radiation as intended .
Those errors continued for 18 months and were detected only after patients started losing their hair .
The federal Food and Drug Administration is still struggling to understand and untangle the physics underlying the flawed protocols .
The F.D.A. has issued a nationwide alert for hospitals to be especially careful when using CT scans on possible stroke victims .
Although the overdoses at Cedars - Sinai were displayed on computer screens , technicians administering the scans did not notice .
In New York City , technologists who also did not watch their treatment computers contributed to two devastating radiation injuries documented in an article in The Times on Sunday .
To bring out the virtues of Gentoo Linux on different operating systems , the Gentoo Prefix project develops and maintains a way of installing Gentoo systems in a non-standard location , designated by a " prefix " .
Usually , Gentoo Linux 's package manager ( portage ) installs in the root of the filesystem hierarchy known as /.
On systems other than Gentoo Linux , this usually results in problems , due to conflicts of software packages , unless the OS is adapted like Gentoo FreeBSD .
Instead , Gentoo Prefix installs within an offset , known as a prefix , allowing users to install Gentoo in another location in the filesystem hierarchy , hence avoiding conflicts .
Next to this offset , Gentoo Prefix runs unprivileged , meaning no root user or rights are required to use it .
By using an offset ( the " prefix " location ) , it is possible for many " alternative " user groups to benefit from a large part of the packages in the Gentoo Linux Portage tree .
Currently users of the following systems successfully run Gentoo Prefix : Mac OS X on Intel , Linux on x86 , x86_64 and arm , Solaris 10 on Sparc , Sparc / 64 , x86 and x86_64 , AIX on PPC , Windows on x86 and x86_64 .
Other platforms have been successfully used in the past .
Getting started
Bootstrapping
To get a prefixed Portage installed on your system , you need to go through a few steps we call bootstrapping .
Note that , for systems where bash is missing , you need to bootstrap it first with the bootstrap - bash.sh script .
Helper scripts
To ease the setup of a prefixed Portage installation , the Gentoo Prefix project provides a script called bootstrap - prefix.sh .
This script is a sort of kickstart in the bootstrap process , automating downloading the Portage tree , installing Portage and the necessary temporary helper applications .
In addition , it tries to setup a profile and prepares those settings that it can deduce automatically .
Bootstrap guides
The following guides give a detailed description on how to install a Gentoo Prefix system :
General bootstrap process : for all systems and is recommended for general use .
Manual bootstrap process : legacy document meant for power - users and not recommended for general use .
Special notes for Microsoft Windows
Gentoo Prefix can be bootstrapped on Cygwin ( 64 bit ) .
As Microsoft has discontinued the Interix system , we had no option than to follow that decision , even if the outdated Interix installers still might work .
With little restrictions and additional setup , Windows users can install Gentoo Prefix in Cygwin using the General bootstrap process .
The documentation and ISO images for the Interix port of Gentoo Prefix on our mirrors still applies to Windows XP and Server 2003 .
Developer platforms
Platform matrix
To keep track of the supported platforms , the following matrix is maintained .
It also provides feedback on which developer is maintaining the platform or has direct access to such systems .
Fabian Groffen ( grobian ) Michael Haubenwallner ( haubi ) Benda Xu ( heroxbd ) Guilherme Amadio ( amadio ) other support x86 - linux x o o good amd 64 - linux x x x x excellent arm - linux x o good arm 64 - linux x o good ppc-aix vo bad x64 - cygwin x ok ppc-macos o bad x86 - macos o o a bad x64 - macos x x a excellent m68 k - mint a ok sparc - solaris o o a good sparc64 - solaris o a bad x86 - solaris o o a good x64 - solaris x good x86 - winnt vo bad
Legend :
Symbol Meaning x actively maintained by developer o accessible to developer v outdated a actively maintained by a user / contributor e experimental effort by user / contributor
Tested Prefix Installations
A community - maintained table is available here .
Resources
Resources offered by the prefix project include :
Technical documentation - How Gentoo Prefix works , and what changes are necessary to get ebuilds working .
Use cases -
An article with a global overview of Gentoo Prefix , including use cases examplifying who could benefit from a Prefix installation .
FAQ - Frequently Asked Questions about the Gentoo Prefix project .
Gentoo On Unrooted Android - Gentoo Prefix on Android
Hall of Fame
Over time , developers come and go again .
Some mysteriously disappear , others loose interest and decide to leave .
For all past contributors we would like to express our gratitude towards them for helping the Prefix project to become what it is today .
Past Prefix developers Contributions ferringb Initial Portage developer to start the Prefix branch .
kito First prototypes of Prefix using a tree , Mac OS X installer , many first time engineering and development tasks .
exg Prefix Portage maintainer .
genstef Import of gtk+ , qt4 and X11 applications for Mac OS X. pipping Many package additions for Perl , Python , Ruby and Java , lots of Mac OS X targeted fixes and features , pioneer for Darwin9 ( Leopard 10.5 ) support .
drizzt Mostly reviving Solaris 9 support , by fixing packages in the tree .
Christian Faulhammer ( fauli ) Gave FreeBSD 8 support a boost , some Interix testing .
Markus Duft ( mduft ) Gentoo Prefix on Interix and Windows .
Jeremy Olexa ( darkside )
Lots of support for various arches , merges to gx86 , user support .
redlizard Initiated Prefix / libc , early works of the RAP ( RAP Aint Prefix ) project .
Snow is just a bunch of ice crystals getting together , hanging out and having fun .
So why is snow white when ice has no color ?
First things first , why are different things different colors in the first plaÂ­ce ?
Visible light is made up of different wavelengths of light — from the shorter , violet ones to the longer , red ones .
When light hits different objects , the different wavelengths have different reactions .
Objects absorb a certain amount of light , and absorb certain wavelengths more than others .
The wavelengths that are n't absorbed as much ( or at all ) reflect off the object , and we perceive them as color .
When you look at an object , the color you see is the combination of the light frequencies that the object did not absorb .
When light hits snow , it 's in for the ride of its life .
All those ice crystals that make up snow are translucent , not clear , so the light does n't pass right through it , but bounces around back and forth off the different crystals .
As the light bounces around , some of it is reflected , and some of it is absorbed .
No one wavelength is preferentially reflected or absorbed , though , so all the different wavelengths — and therefore all the colors that we can perceive — are reflected to our eyes in equal measure .
The color of a combination of all the frequencies in the visible spectrum in equal measure is white , so this is the color we perceive snow to be .
On Thursday , the National Bureau of Statistics spokesman Li Xiaochao had been comfortably batting away curly questions from the international media about what lay beneath China 's spectacular headline GDP growth of 8.9 per cent through the year .
But one question from Shanghai's Oriental Post tied him hopelessly in knots :
" What is the amount and growth rate of consumption expenditure for government administration , compared with last year ? "
The journalist was asking how much of China 's spectacular retail sales growth - 17 per cent after adjusting for falls in prices - was simply the bureaucracy taking advantage of the fiscal stimulus to spend more money on itself .
The question cut to the core of whether China 's rivers of cash have flowed to the people or been invested by an ever - growing state .
In the 1980s the Bureau of Statistics did provide a breakdown of institutional and private consumption in its national accounts .
But it does n't any more .
The NBS spokesman said he did n't understand the question and referred the journalist to the Ministry of Finance .
His non-answer invites independent economists to fill the void .
Huang Yasheng , a professor at Massachusetts Institute of Technology and the author of a seminal book published last year on China 's economic model called Capitalism with Chinese Characteristics , estimates that government and corporate consumption may have jumped from 10 per cent of retail sales in the ' 80s to between 25 and 30 per cent since the mid '90s .
The share of household consumption has fallen accordingly .
This is the most perfect comic ever created !
It ’s a shame we will never see it ….
But that is OK , because there will never be a perfect comic .
Comic
Art is like any other form of art , in as much as it is subjective to the viewer and their personal preferences .
There are so many artistic styles active within the comics world that a single style will never be the one that meet with the approval of all people who view it .
Some people prefer highly stylised images , whilst others want a more photo - realistic version given to them to indulge in .
But the one thing that I think CAN be a common thread throughout all comics , regardless of popularity , the style in which they are created or even the medium they appear – and that is that they should be created by artists who enjoy what they are doing .
Too often in the comics world , artists will clash over the smallest things ( often just due to a mis-interpretation of what may have been implied ) and full on melee will erupt between two parties .
Very often , in these cases , sides are taken and many more artists pop-up , just to throw their hats into the ring and be seen to be part of it all .
Pros and cons of the medium in which a comic is presented , will be debated vigorously .
Egos will be inflated and former glories will be held high as proof that that party is the correct one in the current debate .
And names are always called .
When I see this occurring , I cringe .
I want to just say out loud “ ca n’t you just do what you do and love what you do ? ”
Not everyone wants to be a pioneer .
Not every comic artist will make a living from their passion .
No one medium is the ultimate and best one to use .
No one knows it all – there is always more to experience .
@ryanstegman posted on twitter recently , a great piece of advice to the newer artists out there – “ STAY POSITIVE .
There is no conspiracy against you breaking in !
Work hard and make your own luck . ”
The fact that there is even a perception of a “ conspiracy ” that newer artists have no hope in breaking into comics and achieving what they want to , is too much for me .
All this fighting and bragging can actually dissuade some upcoming artists from trying , which may then deprive us of some fantastic comic art in the future !
Those who have “ made it ” in the comics world should be setting examples of how to behave as a professional , as well as portraying what a unified and sharing community the Comics world actually is .
Too often though , they spend their time baiting others just because they can , or defending their own techniques or methods .
I would love to see 2010 be the year that the comics community worldwide , takes a step back and lets little comments roll off their back .
Raise thos tolerance levels and become the “ bigger man ”
Ignore that ridiculous post .
Refrain from commenting , especially when you know the shit - storm it may create .
Let that twitter comment wash away in the tweet stream .
Let ’s just remember that we are not journalists or politicians .
Our work should speak for us .
Not the other way around .
Overall , I feel that comics creation should stem from of a love for creating comics and drawing – nothing else .
We do what we personally feel is right for our art .
The rest is just gravy .
Amazing , Gigantic Joker ’s Funhouse in Lego Might Make You Weep
You will never own this .
You can only admire from a
A blogger has revealed the identity of a New Zealand Olympian who was charged with raping and beating his wife , even though a judge had suppressed the man 's name .
The judge ruled that the man 's name , occupation and age could not be published or broadcast .
But that did not stop high profile right - wing internet blogger Cameron Slater .
This is the second furore to erupt in New Zealand over the issue of name suppression in the past month .
The blogger says he has done nothing wrong and is willing to fight the matter in court if he has to .
Mr Slater blogs under the name Whaleoil and is angry that the Olympian was granted name suppression .
He says most average Kiwis do not get that luxury .
" I 've posted a series of pictures .
If you put it together I guess [ it ] will identify who it is , " Mr Slater said .
" I 've had the person 's lawyer on the phone threatening me with all sorts and I just told him to go away .
I 'm not taking it down .
I wo n't back down .
Mr Slater has not published the Olympian 's age , name or occupation .
But he has published four pictures .
" That 's the way I 'm going to get around it , " he said .
Dishing the dirt
A few weeks ago a New Zealand judge granted name suppression to an entertainer who pleaded guilty to rubbing his genitals in a 16 - year - old girl 's face .
His lawyers successfully argued that the singer 's career would suffer .
Mr Slater was livid and revealed the identity of the entertainer .
When he heard about the Olympian he decided to do it again .
And he does not believe his actions will jeopardise the Olympian 's trial .
" This sports person has actually been forbidden by the judge to approach witnesses .
So what does that tell you about his demeanour ? " he said .
Philip Morgan is a barrister in Hamilton near Auckland and a member of the New Zealand Law Society .
He believes the blogger has crossed a line .
" I think it 's disgraceful conduct and hopefully he 'll get detected and prosecuted , " he said .
" There is one rule that applies to everyone .
Not everybody applies for suppression .
Not everybody needs suppression .
" But where somebody has got a meritorious case for suppression then the court will consider it and if it is a genuinely meritorious case , grant it .
" It is almost invariably only interim suppression .
Final suppression is rare .
And the same rule applies to everybody . "
Media law expert Ursula
Cheer says bloggers need to be careful they do not blow trials .
" If a trial was going on yes ... and in that case it could also be a contempt , " she said .
But Mr Slater is sticking by his guns .
He is positive he has done nothing wrong .
" [ It 's ] more against judges .
They seem to have name suppression willy - nilly for celebrities to protect their reputation , " he said .
" In the sense the case here to protect his reputation is he does n't have one .
The guy has been in jail before .
He 's got previous violence convictions .
There is no reputation . "
The Olympian has been granted bail and will reappear in court next month .
MSPs heard accounts from male domestic abuse victims A male domestic abuse victim has told MSPs how his former wife threatened to stab him while he slept and threw a deep fat fryer at him .
He and another male victim spoke anonymously as campaigners took their case to Holyood 's petitions committee .
Alison Waugh and Jackie Walls called on the Scottish government to ensure domestic abuse campaigns addressed the needs of male victims .
The committee agreed to raise the issue with ministers .
The victims , identified as Mr A and Mr B , gave evidence with their faces hidden from public view .
Recounting his story , Mr A said abused men needed more support .
She attacked me - kicking me in the groin , spitting on me , scratching my face and arms until they bled
Mr B
He told the committee : " For 17 years , I endured physical violence , physical neglect , psychological and emotional torture , manipulative behaviour , gross financial irresponsibility , pathological and wholly unfounded sexual jealousy , virtually unrelenting verbal aggression and disdain until I broke .
" Now , more than 20 years on , I am told that I suffered from post traumatic stress , at the extreme end of the spectrum . "
Mr B told said he had no - one to speak to while he was being abused , adding : " My ex-wife threatened me a few times with a knife .
On one occasion she told me if I went to sleep I would be stabbed .
He went on : " She threw a hot deep - fat fryer at me , as well as various cups , ornaments , etc .
All of which left holes in the walls .
" She attacked me - kicking me in the groin , spitting on me , scratching my face and arms until they bled . "
Abuse helpline Mr B said when he contacted the authorities , it was his partner who was treated as the victim .
Ms Waugh told MSPs she and Ms Walls took up the issue after becoming shocked at the number of men in Scotland who suffered abuse from partners .
She said male victims should be able to receive support from specially trained workers .
The Scottish government said the Scottish domestic abuse helpline and the organisation Victim Support Scotland gave advice to both male and female cases .
A government spokesman said : " We are continually considering what resources are required to support all victims of domestic abuse , whether this is through research , awareness raising of the needs of specific groups , or specialised service provision and we continue to look at the evidence available when allocating resources .
" If evidence shows that there has been a change in the nature and extent of domestic abuse against men then the Scottish government will consider further research or other appropriate action . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A nub of 47 square miles , much of it punctuated by vertigo - inducing hills , most of it surrounded by ocean water - half of it the open , not - so - tranquil Pacific , the other half the calm , protected currents of a gray - blue bay .
Just as San Francisco has been shaped by its dramatic earthquake - scarred , coastal setting , the city , despite its relative youth , has also been defined by legions of writers whose words have brought it to life .
Jack London , Jack Kerouac , Allen Ginsberg , Alice Adams , Amy Tan , Michelle Tea - they have all etched the landscape for us .
A vision to transform
Pardoo Beef Corporation is leading a shared investment of $ 200 million in the Pilbara region to develop a world - class West Australian Wagyu beef industry .
With a goal of establishing a regional breeding herd of purebred Wagyu animals , and an extensive Wagyu Crossbred operation , Pardoo Beef Corporation ’s vision will create an extremely high quality and safe beef product ready to meet growing demand , whilst providing Pilbara pastoralists with access to new markets and diversification from live cattle exports .
Pardoo Beef Corporation and its pastoral partners will have up to 6,000 hectares of crops under irrigation using groundwater from sustainable regional water resources , including the Wallal Aquifer , part of the West Canning Basin .
This will allow Pardoo Beef Corporation and partners to drought ‑proof operations , develop and back ground weaners year‑round , and increase the fecundity of breeding heifers through increased nutrition .
With the relevant water licenses , access to the latest technology in pasture and feed production , and significant infrastructure investment , Pardoo Beef Corporation , in conjunction with the Pilbara pastoral sector , will look to deliver an annual turnoff of 100,000 animals of the highest Wagyu quality by 2031 .
This vision will improve profitability of the Pilbara rangelands by producing a higher value product for discerning Asian markets , and increase productivity by allowing Pilbara pastoralists to run herds which better match the region ’s environmental capacity .
Our vision complements key government initiatives including the Pilbara Regional Investment Blueprint , the Water Department ’s Water for Food program , the Department of State Development ’s WA Worth Sharing , the Department of Agriculture ’s Northern Beef Futures program , and the Department of Regional Development ’s Seizing the Opportunity for Agriculture and Super Towns initiatives .
The broader regional project will create up to 750 full - time jobs and lead to a northern abattoir and feeding and cold storage facilities , with multipliers amounting to an estimated $ 1.8 billion of economic contribution to the WA economy .
Enlarge By Chris Schneider , Getty Images Richard Heene , center , and Mayumi Heene , left , walk out of the courtroom after their sentencing hearing at the Larimer County Justice Center Dec. 23 , in Fort Collins , Colo .
Despite her husband 's claims to the contrary , " Balloon Boy " mom Mayumi Heene repeatedly confessed that the family staged the hoax to boost their prospects in reality TV .
Video recordings of the interviews conducted by the Larimer County Sheriff 's Office with Mayumi Heene disprove the claims made by her husband Richard during his media blitz before he began serving his 30 - day jail sentence .
The videos , obtained by the Coloradoan on Friday through the Larimer County District Attorney 's Office , show Mayumi Heene telling investigator Bob Heffernan that she and her husband decided to report their 6 - year - old son Falcon was aboard a UFO - shaped helium balloon .
' BALLOON BOY ' DAD : Insists innocence in series of interviews JAIL TIME :
Heene starts jail sentence " Richard and I agreed to it , so it was mutual , " Mayumi Heene told Heffernan after she was told she failed a lie detector test she willingly took .
Both Richard and Mayumi Heene pleaded guilty in November to lying to authorities in connection with the Oct. 15 incident .
Mayumi
Heene received a lesser sentence in part because she confessed and cooperated , prosecutors said .
The balloon 's flight and crash landing captivated viewers across the globe for about three hours as the public feared Falcon was aboard the craft .
Falcon eventually emerged from a hiding place in the family 's garage .
Under questioning Mayumi Heene said she knew Falcon was hiding somewhere in the home .
At another point in the interview she told Heffernan , " Initially , we wanted to make it a Monday , but did n't get ( the balloon ) finished .
The kids were out of school so we thought that was perfect . "
She also told Heffernan about financial motivations to try and gain a more marketable image .
" We tried working so hard to make money to survive .
It 's a shame to come up with this idea .
This was something that could take me , take us to the point we wanted to be at . "
Mayumi Heene told Heffernan the family was told by production company RDF Media that " if you guys get in the news or get more like a popularity sort of , we are able to sell you guys . "
RDF Media is the same company that worked with the Heene family when they appeared on the show Wife Swap in 2008 .
Mayumi
Heene stressed to Heffernan that RDF did not come up with the idea to report to authorities that Falcon was missing and aboard a balloon .
Before reporting to jail Jan. 11 , Heene said he truly believed Falcon was inside the balloon and that he pleaded guilty only to appease authorities and save his wife from being deported to Japan .
Richard Heene told The Associated Press before he went to jail that his wife misunderstood the meaning of the word " hoax " when she purportedly confessed .
" My wife 's first language is Japanese , not English , " Heene said .
" My wife came home in tears wondering what she might have said .
She opened this Japanese - to - English dictionary , and she walks up to me crying her head off , and she says to me , ' I thought hoax meant an exhibition . ' "
During her interview with Heffernan , Mayumi Heene told him she has a bachelor 's degree in English literature from a Japanese college .
Mayumi
Heene confessed largely through yes or no answers to most questions from Heffernan .
During the roughly four - hour interrogation , Heffernan frequently rephrases the same questions inquiring about the Heenes ' guilt and Mayumi Heene repeatedly confesses .
During his polygraph test and subsequent interrogation , Richard Heene maintained his innocence or stonewalled investigators who urged him to confess .
He gave investigators the same story he initially told them and the media : that he believed Falcon had floated away in the balloon .
" I thought ' Oh my God he 's in it , ' " Heene said .
Larimer County Sheriff Jim Alderden appears several times in the recordings , refers to reporters as ( expletive ) and says that if Heene passes the lie - detector test , it would give him " control " instead of the media .
But then investigators told Heene he had failed the lie detector test and that his wife was confessing in another room .
They showed him a picture of her talking to Heffernan .
" Your wife is here .
She just got done taking a polygraph .
She failed the polygraph .
You failed the polygraph , " Undersheriff Ern Hudson told Richard Heene .
" Your wife has already told us the truth .
She 's told us the whole story about this case . "
As Heene continued to deny that he was lying , Hudson continued to press him , telling Heene that telling the truth now would help .
" It 's fruitless for you to continue to deny it , " Hudson said .
" We know that this incident did n't happen the way you reported it . "
Heene , who repeatedly complained about having low blood sugar during the questioning , at one point hangs his head over the side of the chair arm and yawns repeatedly .
He told investigators he had little sleep the night before , and that he was diabetic .
Hudson and Heene then discussed Heene 's blood sugar level , and Hudson , who said he also is diabetic , chided Heene .
" You 're more than OK on your blood sugar , " Hudson said .
" This is not going to go away . "
Heene , becoming increasingly agitated , asked if he could take the test again and insisted that he needed to see his wife .
He assured investigators he would n't try to stop her from talking and said he needed to discuss an unrelated matter with her , saying someone was blackmailing him .
" Guys , please , please let me talk to her , " he said .
" I am very uncomfortable and I need to stop this right now . "
At all times , the investigators maintained professional composure and they repeatedly advised Heene that he was free to leave .
But they prohibited him from seeing his wife until she was done speaking with Heffernan .
Richard
Heene is in the midst of serving a 30 - day jail sentence , and Mayumi Heene will serve jail time later this year .
During the Oct. 15 incident , a frantic three - county search ensued with the National Guard deploying helicopters and air - traffic controllers temporarily diverting flights at Denver International Airport .
Prosecutors are seeking $ 48,000 in restitution for the cost of the search for Falcon and the cost to prosecutor the Heene parents .
Heene 's defense attorney David Lane has until Monday to challenge the restitution order .
In past interviews , Lane has called the amount ridiculously high .
Nate Taylor and Trevor Hughes report for the Fort Collins Coloradoan .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
James Murdoch , News Corp 's head of Europe and Asia , has said : " We invest quite a lot in our journalism and we are proud of it .
We think we should charge a fair price for it . "
Last month , Johnston Press became the first regional newspaper publisher in the UK to introduce pay walls .
The UK 's second - largest local newspaper publisher charges readers of three of its titles £ 5 per three months to read the online version of the papers .
I can't begin to imagine how hard it would be to leave my family for months at a time , especially if my destination were Iraq or Afghanistan .
And I do n't know how I could deal with my wife being deployed overseas .
These reunion videos — for me , at least — shed a tiny beam of light on how emotionally draining being a military family can be .
They 'll also make you want a dog .
To commemorate Veterans Day , here are some overjoyed dogs greeting returning soldiers .
In our first clip , Gracie welcomes her dad , who has returned from Afghanistan .
I 'm not sure I 've ever heard anything make a sound quite like this .
How great are dogs ?
We 've posted this incredible clip before — dogs greeting a soldier after 14 months in Iraq .
Worth watching again .
Basset hound Reggie welcomes his best friend home from Afghanistan .
Rocky gives his favorite soldier the welcome home he deserves .
From the YouTube description : " Soldier daddy comes home after a month of training , and the pups go ballistic ! "
This boxer was cautious at first , but that caution was quickly replaced by excessive jubilation .
Dachshunds Franklin and Sally give a vocal welcome to their dad , a U.S. Navy man returning from an eight - month deployment to Kuwait .
( According to the YouTube description , Franklin and Sally are both rescue dogs .
If this video has put you in a dachshund - adopting mood , contact Southern States Dachshund Rescue at ssdr.org or Dachshund Rescue of North America at drna.org . )
This soldier is attacked ( and nearly hurdled ) by his pups .
* * * * *
On this Veterans Day eve , here 's hoping all our men and women serving overseas get to come home soon .
And when they do , I hope they all get equally enthusiastic greetings — from dogs and cats , sons and daughters , significant others , parents , neighbors , friends , and grateful strangers .
Thank you for your service .
Get home safe .
Your puppies need you .
By Tim Wright and TJ Kelly
CSS is the best thing to happen to the web since Tim Berners - Lee .
It ’s simple , powerful , and easy to use .
But even with all its simplicity , it hides some important capabilities .
Ask any designer , and they ’ll tell you that the majority of their code headaches are caused and ultimately solved by CSS .
All designers at some point in their career go through the process of encountering a weird display issue , searching for a resolution , and discovering a trick , technique , or hack could have saved them hours of frustration — if they had only known when they started .
We ’ve put together a list of the most frustrating and time - consuming CSS headaches and , more importantly , their solutions ( along with examples and further resources ) .
I hope this list will help you save some gray hairs .
As for me , I think I feel some coming in right now …
Resets & Browser Inconsistencies
Not all browsers are created equal .
In fact , every browser is different .
What is the default margin , padding , or font - size of a < p > element ?
You might be surprised at the wide range of values .
To handle the differences between browsers , many of us want to level the playing field and start from scratch , by using CSS reset styles .
The early stages of resets , designers dealt with differing margin and padding values , using a global reset :
* { margin : 0 ; padding : 0 ; }
But , as more people used and discussed resets , it became clear that resetting only margin & padding was n’t enough ( and , applying the above rule to every element is taxing on the rendering engine ) .
Thanks to the work of Eric Meyer and other CSS pioneers , a better , more complete collection of reset rules was created :
html , body , div , span , applet , object , iframe , h1 , h2 , h3 , h4 , h5 , h6 , p , blockquote , pre , a , abbr , acronym , address , big , cite , code , del , dfn , em , font , img , ins , kbd , q , s , samp , small , strike , strong , sub , sup , tt , var , dl , dt , dd , ol , ul , li , fieldset , form , label , legend , table , caption , tbody , tfoot , thead , tr , th , td { margin : 0 ; padding : 0 ; border : 0 ; outline : 0 ; font - weight : inherit ; font - style : inherit ; font - size : 100 % ; font - family : inherit ; vertical - align : baseline ; } /* remember to define focus styles ! */ : focus { outline : 0 ; } body { line - height : 1 ; color : black ; background : white ; } ol , ul { list - style : none ; } /* tables still need ' cellspacing= " 0 " ' in the markup */ table { border - collapse : separate ; border - spacing : 0 ; } caption , th , td { text - align : left ; font - weight : normal ; } blockquote : before , blockquote : after , q:before , q: after { content : " " ; } blockquote , q { quotes : " " " " ; }
As important as it is to note which elements are included in the most popular CSS reset available today .
It ’s also important to note some of the elements that are deliberately excluded from this list :
input
button
hr
These elements were excluded because their cross - browser differences are so vast that you would have to completely unstyle them to create a “ bulletproof ” element .
They ’re so weird , that even then , there ’s no guarantee .
Resources for Resets
Box Model — Margin , Padding & Borders
The box model is the basis for all layouts .
It governs the dimensions & spacing of the elements on a page .
To understand it , we have to understand the difference between block - level elements and inline elements .
Block - level elements , by default , take up the entire width of their containing element and the height of the default line - height .
They will stack up underneath each other , top - to - bottom .
Therefore , by default , they will take up their own line on a page .
Some block - level elements are : < div > , < pre > , < p > , < ul > , < ol > , < li > , etc .
Inline elements are , just as their name implies , in - line .
They will stack up next to each other , left - to - right .
When given content , they will take up the exact width and height of that content .
Given no content , they will collapse down and have no width or height .
Some in - line elements are : < img > , < em > , < strong > , < a > , < span > , etc .
All HTML block - level elements have five spacing properties : height , width , margin , padding , and border ( inline elements have them too , they just work a bit differently ) .
Width and height are tricky attributes , as they require a bit of calculation .
When measuring an element ’s width , designers must consider the entire box .
In the example below , the box has a total width of 260 px .
The margin , padding , and border are 30px each ( remember , that ’s 30 px on top , 30 on bottom , 30 right , and 30 left ) .
So , in this example , the margin takes up 60 pixels of the box ’s width .
Likewise , the border and padding consume 60 px each .
All together , the margin , border , and padding amount to 180 pixels of the box ’s total width .
We know that the box ’s total width is 260 px , but in CSS the width attribute refers to the content area on the inside of the box .
So , for this example , we have to subtract 180 pixels ( for margin , border , and padding ) from 260 ( total box width ) , leaving us with a content area of 80 px .
Therefore , our CSS looks like this :
div { margin:30 px ; border : 30 px solid yellow ; padding : 30 px ; width : 80 px ; height :80 px ; }
Extras
All of the examples and rules we ’re discussed for the width property also apply to height .
margin can support negative values .
Use them cautiously but they can prove to be very strong design elements .
Do n’t forget the units with the box model .
Only a zero-value ( margin:0 ; ) can be written without a unit specified .
Resources for CSS Box Model
Dimensions — Width , Height , Min & Max
Now that we understand how to use width and height in unison with the box model , let ’s look at some of the flexibility of CSS dimensions .
Modern browsers support min- and max - width ( and the same for height ) , allowing us to get creative with dimensions and create flexible layouts .
Width / height specify the space an object should occupy .
They can be measured in pixels ( 10 px ) , ems ( 10 em ) and percentages ( 10 % ) , as well as a few other units .
Defining a width or height for an element will force that element to keep those dimensions , regardless of the content inside it .
So , if our content is too big for its container , it will be cut off , hiding the bottom of our content ( or just look really messed up ) .
Min -width & min-height
Giving an element a min-width or min-height will set the element to our exact dimension by default .
But , since we only provided a minimum dimension , as the content grows , the containing element will allowed to stretch and all of our content will remain visible .
Min -width & min-height can he useful for form elements like < input /> and < textarea > .
We can define them with a minimum width / height and let them expand as the user types .
In IE6 , “ height ” acts the same way “ min-height ” does in modern browsers as a container will grow with content ( something to be aware of when using building for IE6 ) .
Max - width & max - height
If we give an element a max - width or max - height , it will collapse down to the size of our content by default .
As our content grows , the container will stretch — until it reaches our maximum .
Then our remaining content will be cut off or look really weird hanging of the bottom of a content block .
Max - width & max - height can be useful for browsing long lists ( if you correctly manage your overflow – create scrolling if the list goes too long ) .
Using Max & Min width in IE6
Min &
Max width are both great tools to have in your design arsenal , but unfortunately they do n’t work in IE6 , so what do we do ?
We usually lock down the width of our site instead of creating the ideal fluid layout we want , sacrificing user experience for out of date browsers .
Luckily , we can use a short JavaScript command targetting IE to accomplish a nice fluid layout with max & min widths in IE6 :
# page - wrap{ min-width : 800 px ; max - width : 1000 px ; width : expression( document.body.clientWidth < 800 ? " 800 px " : document.body.clientWidth > 1000 ? " 1000 px " : " auto " ) ; }
In the above example , you can see that the smallest width for this page is 800 px , and the largest is 1000 px ; not much of a flex , but the concept can be applied to any element .
And if you only wanted to use min-width :
# page - wrap{ min-width : 800 px ; width : expression( document.body.clientWidth < 800 ? " 800 px " : " auto " ) ; }
Resources for dimensions
Floats & Clearing
A float will place an element outside the normal flow of elements and moves the element right or left until it reaches the margin or padding of another block - level element .
Float and clear are some of the most powerful — and the most misunderstood — properties in CSS .
To understand it , we must refer back to block - level vs. inline elements .
Applying float to an element will automatically make it a block - level element .
This means two things : 1 ) by default , all floated elements ( even < span > and < strong > ) will behave like block - level elements , 2 ) Giving an element both float : left ; and display : block ; is redundant and unnecessary .
Also , using display : inline on a floated image is actually a very popular method of fixing many cross - browser quirks .
Floating a div to clear a div
Floating a div to clear a div is one of those things you stumble upon with some experimenting and frustration .
What basically happens is that you can apply a float to a parent element that contains other floated elements and they will all equalize and clear properly :
HTML
< div class= " parent - element " > < div class= " floating - element " ></div><!--/.floating-element--> < div class= " floating - element " ></div><!--/.floating-element--> < div class= " floating - element " ></div><!--/.floating-element-->
</div><!--/.parent-element-->
CSS
. floating - element { float : left ; width:33 % ; } . parent - element { float : left ; }
And , of course you ’ll need some content in there to fill out the divs .
There are a lot of clearing techniques you can use to clear floated divs .
Some require extra markup , some do n’t work in IE 6 and some are great , but do n’t apply to every situation .
What did I wish I knew about clearing floats when I started ?
Everything .
Resources for clear and float
Conditional Comments
Back in 2004 , when I really got into full - time Web design I used a lot of IE hacks and techniques to patch together sites in an attempt to achieve some level of cross browser compatibility .
This can cause very bloated and slow loading style sheets .
Everyone was doing it , heck , there were even articles about how to best organize your IE hacks .
Little by little the design community discovered a hidden gem buried within the functionality of the Triton rendering engine ( Internet Explorer ) .
You could use IE specific HTML to target specific versions of the browser and then load a special style sheet just to deal with those issues .
<!--[ if IE ] >
Target all versions of IE <![ endif ] --> <!--[ if lte IE 7 ] >
Target all versions of IE that are less than or equal to " 7 " <![ endif ] --> <!--[ if IE 6 ] > Target IE 6 <![ endif ]-->
Using conditional comments to target IE and cut out your hacks , will slim down your main style sheet , and help load the page quicker in browsers that do n’t need the correction code .
Resources for Conditional Comments
Overflow & Zoom
Like many designers , if there ’s time to be wasted on a project , it usually gets wasted dealing with IE 6 and some of it ’s weirder quirks .
This is where overflow and zoom have helped me a great deal .
Overflow
Many - a - times when I ’ve encountered a serious layout issue , a simple application of overflow : hidden on the offensive div would solve the problem .
It ’s difficult to pin point specific issues for this , but it can happen in any browser ( I just had it happen in Safari a couple weeks ago ) and the overflow property can provide a quick solution to your cross browser woes .
Zoom
To my surprise , the zoom property is not very well know , but a very powerful tool in dealing with cross browser issues ; particularly IE 6/7 .
Zoom is a proprietary IE property that actually does effect the zoom level of a page ( if you set the zoom to 2 you ’ll see everything get bigger ) .
As a site effect it also triggers hasLayout on the offending element , and fixes a lot of layout issues .
Try it out , it actually saves a lot of time .
body { zoom : 1 ; }
Since hasLayout wo n’t trigger in any other browser , it ’s generally thought to be safe to put zoom in your main style sheet , but it you ’re doing IE specific work anyway , I ’d advise putting it in with the rest of the IE CSS just in case there are any problems in the future , “ future proofing ” .
Resources for Overflow & Zoom
When CSS is n’t the Answer
Believe it or not , CSS is not always the answer .
Especially now when we live on a Web that is in the middle of the biggest browser war to date .
Sometimes CSS just does n’t do everything we want on as many platforms as we need it to .
Spending hours searching for a CSS solution to a non-critical element that can be easily fixed with JavaScript usually just is n’t worth it .
Now that we have great libraries like jQuery readily available to us , anyone well versed in CSS can quickly pick up JavaScript .
And let me tell you … if I new more about JavaScript when I started it would have saved me a lot of time and frustration .
Conclusion
There are a lot of little idiosyncrasies with CSS that you ’ll encounter over time with experience and frustration , but we ’re looking for ways to minimize that frustration .
The best advice I can give someone in dealing with CSS is the same advice someone gave me when I was in college : go to class .
If you read the blogs , keep up with all the information and learn everything you can you ’ll save a lot of time when you do encounter the inevitable rendering problem .
To be honest , half the battle is knowing what a bug is called so you can Google it .
But of course an article like this always poses the question :
What do you YOU wish you knew when you started ?
About the Author
Tim Wright is a web designer / developer and blogger .
He has been an advocate for Web standards and accessibility since 2004 .
You can find more of his writing at CSSKarma or follow Tim on Twitter .
TJ Kelly is a web designer / developer from Boston , MA , USA .
He specializes in UX / UI design , CSS / jQuery , WordPress , SEO , and Social Media .
He ’s passionate about W3C Web Standards , accessibility , and usability .
Check out his blog and portfolio at www.tjkelly.com and follow TJ on Twitter .
Welcome
The 26th Chaos Communication Congress ( 26C3 ) is the annual four - day conference organized by the Chaos Computer Club ( CCC ) .
It takes place from December 27th to December 30th 2009 at the bcc Berliner Congress Center in Berlin , Germany .
The Congress offers lectures and workshops on a multitude of topics and attracts a diverse audience of thousands of hackers , scientists , artists , and utopians from all around the world .
The 26C3s slogan is " Here Be Dragons " .
For 26 years , the congress is organized by the community and appreciates all kind of participation .
You are encouraged to contribute by volunteering , setting up and attending hands - on events or presenting your own projects to fellow hackers .
Some basic survival guidelines might come in handy for everything not answered in our 26C3 FAQ .
Videos of the Talks
The recordings of almost all the 26C3 talks are available by now .
On the Fahrplan - page of the talks are links to torrent und mp4 - files .
For further information and formats see Conference Recordings .
Lost and Found
If you have lost something at the 26C3 have a look at Lost and Found .
Perhaps someone found it and you could get it back .
Contact
If you think , this wiki is incomplete , do n't hesitate to edit .
If you need human feedback , contact us at 26C3 - orga ( at ) cccv.de for organisational issues or at 26C3 - content ( at ) cccv.de for conference program and other content / cfp - related stuff .
There is an open mailing list congress ( at ) lists.ccc.de for general discussion about the Congress .
To subscribe , send an email to congress - subscribe ( at ) lists.ccc.de .
We 'd like to thank our Supporters .
Perhaps the most wretched people on this planet are those suffering obstetric fistulas .
This is a childbirth injury , often suffered by a teenager in Africa or Asia whose pelvis is not fully grown .
She suffers obstructed labor , has no access to a C - section , and endures internal injuries that leave her incontinent  steadily trickling urine and sometimes feces through her vagina .
She stinks .
She becomes a pariah .
She is typically abandoned by her husband and forced to live by herself on the edge of her village .
She is scorned , bewildered , humiliated and desolate , often feeling cursed by God .
I ’ve met many of these women  or , often , girls of 13 , 14 , 15  in half a dozen countries , for there are three million or four million of them around the world .
They are the lepers of the 21st century .
Just about the happiest thing that can happen to such a woman is an encounter with Dr. Lewis Wall , an ob - gyn at Washington University in St. Louis .
A quiet , self - effacing but relentless man of 59 , Dr. Wall has devoted his life to helping these most voiceless of the voiceless , promoting the $ 300 surgeries that repair fistulas and typically return the patients to full health .
The Queensland Government says almost the entire Wicked Campervans fleet has been taken off the state 's roads because of safety concerns .
The hire company voluntarily decommissioned 77 of its 86 brightly - painted vans when asked for the vehicles to undergo safety tests .
A further five vans submitted for testing were taken off the road by transport officials , leaving just four still in action .
Acting Premier Paul Lucas says he has written to other governments to warn them about the problem .
" I am relieved that we have been able to investigate and act here in Queensland before a terrible tragedy occurred , " Mr Lucas said .
" We have seen the incidents involving four - wheel drives on Fraser Island and the Government has taken measures there to try and protect visitors to our state . "
Mr Lucas says the December investigation took place after random compliance checks at Wicked Campers outlets in August and October in Cairns .
The results prompted inspectors to investigate the company on a state - wide basis .
Mechanical faults included structural rust , defective seating , oil leaks and severe accident damage .
- ABC/AAP
One of the best sessions at the Big Ideas Fest education conference in California last week was delivered by Hal Plotkin , a senior policy advisor in the US Department of Education .
What could be more fascinating than watching a high school dropout explain how open textbooks , sponsored by the US Government , might be used a tool of the administration to rebuild America 's credibility with the world ?
The belief in the potential of the open textbook model runs deep in Washington right now , and the clearest indicator of that belief is probably Bill S. 1714 : Open College Textbook Act of 2009 .
Go read it .
Unlike most bills , it 's short and sweet -- at least , it is for now , since it 's freshly written and sitting in committee .
To be specific , it 's sitting in the US Senate Committee on Health , Education , Labor and Pensions -- or HELP for short , haw haw !
If you 're interested in the continuing progress of this bill , there are a couple of things you can do .
TODO the first : you can subscribe to the bill at govtrack.us .
This is a seriously awesome step forward in the transparency of government ; if there 's a bill that you care about , you can be notified whenever there 's any activity regarding that bill just by subscribing to the bill 's RSS feed .
Unfortunately , nothing has happened with this bill since its initial reading on September 24th , 2009 , and its subsequent referral to committee .
Since most bills never make it out of committee , citizens who want to see this bill passed should advocate directly to senators on its behalf .
Which brings us to TODO the second : take a look at the members of the committee and see if any of them are from your home state .
As it happens , both of my senators ( Kay Hagan , D - NC and Richard Burr , R - NC ) are on this committee .
How lucky !
If one of your senators is on the committee , send an email to their office and ask the status of the bill .
Is it undergoing active discussion ?
Are they planning on bringing it to the floor any time soon ?
And so on .
If you express interest , you may very well get a direct response .
I received a phone call from Senator Burr 's office upon my initial letter to him ; a staffer called to let me know that the bill had come into his committee .
So they are definitely listening .
Most people say that government does n't work for the people -- but most people never give it an honest shot .
If you care about Open Textbooks , this is your chance to get involved directly .
When constituents talk , senators listen ; I 've got the voicemails to prove it .
The FINANCIAL --
The return of supersonic passenger air travel is one step closer to reality with NASA 's award of a contract for the preliminary design of a “ low boom ” flight demonstration aircraft .
This is the first in a series of ‘ X - planes ’ in NASA 's New Aviation Horizons initiative , introduced in the agency ’s Fiscal Year 2017 budget .
NASA Administrator Charles Bolden announced the award at an event Monday at Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport in Arlington , Virginia .
“ NASA is working hard to make flight greener , safer and quieter – all while developing aircraft that travel faster , and building an aviation system that operates more efficiently , ” said Bolden .
“ To that end , it ’s worth noting that it 's been almost 70 years since Chuck Yeager broke the sound barrier in the Bell X - 1 as part of our predecessor agency 's high speed research .
Now we ’re continuing that supersonic X - plane legacy with this preliminary design award for a quieter supersonic jet with an aim toward passenger flight . "
NASA selected a team led by Lockheed Martin Aeronautics Company of Palmdale , California , to complete a preliminary design for Quiet Supersonic Technology ( QueSST ) .
The work will be conducted under a task order against the Basic and Applied Aerospace Research and Technology ( BAART ) contract at NASA 's Langley Research Center in Hampton , Virginia , according to NASA .
After conducting feasibility studies and working to better understand acceptable sound levels across the country , NASA 's Commercial Supersonic Technology Project asked industry teams to submit design concepts for a piloted test aircraft that can fly at supersonic speeds , creating a supersonic " heartbeat " -- a soft thump rather than the disruptive boom currently associated with supersonic flight .
“ Developing , building and flight testing a quiet supersonic X - plane is the next logical step in our path to enabling the industry 's decision to open supersonic travel for the flying public , " said Jaiwon Shin , associate administrator for NASA ’s Aeronautics Research Mission .
Lockheed Martin will receive about $ 20 million over 17 months for QueSST preliminary design work .
The Lockheed Martin team includes subcontractors GE Aviation of Cincinnati and Tri Models Inc. of Huntington Beach , California .
The company will develop baseline aircraft requirements and a preliminary aircraft design , with specifications , and provide supporting documentation for concept formulation and planning .
This documentation would be used to prepare for the detailed design , building and testing of the QueSST jet .
Performance of this preliminary design also must undergo analytical and wind tunnel validation .
In addition to design and building , this Low Boom Flight Demonstration ( LBFD ) phase of the project also will include validation of community response to the new , quieter supersonic design .
The detailed design and building of the QueSST aircraft , conducted under the NASA Aeronautics Research Mission Directorate 's Integrated Aviation Systems Program , will fall under a future contract competition .
NASA ’s 10 - year New Aviation Horizons initiative has the ambitious goals of reducing fuel use , emissions and noise through innovations in aircraft design that departs from the conventional tube - and - wing aircraft shape .
The New Aviation Horizons X - planes will typically be about half - scale of a production aircraft and likely are to be piloted .
Design - and - build will take several years with aircraft starting their flight campaign around 2020 , depending on funding .
https://medium.com/media/4218a278168e0abc7e380a4382132165/href
Says Andrew Sullivan of this anti-health care spot , “ It ’s an effective ad against something of a straw man… .
Conflating wider worries about the intensity of vaguely articulated loathing of Obama as racially tinged with specific worries about health insurance reform is , however , a useful piece of sophism . ”
I do n’t know .
I ’m of the opinion that it ’s always great to see an oppressed group of people attempt to reclaim a word that has been used in the past to cause hurt and shame .
I ’m thrilled for Republicans that they ’re trying to take the “ racist ” label back .
Especially the black ones .
ilkka halso : restoration galerie wagner + partner , berlin january 15th to march 6th , 2010
restoration , untitled ( 5 ) , 2000 100 x 136 cm , edition 6 50 x 68 cm , edition 10
weather has become ‘ climate ’.
climate has turned into ‘ climate crisis ’ – something which has become an unstoppable threat of our natural environment , and has been part of a global discussion for many years .
through his work , finnish artist ilkka halso deals with the healing and rescue of nature which is endangered .
considered a form of land art , his body of work is a response to our changing planet .
halso ’s upcoming exhibition at galerie wagner + partner , looks at his aesthetic approach of rescuing our natural environment .
through his series , ‘ restoration ’ , halso has developed and built pseudo - scientific arrangements , using scaffolding trees with transparent gauze – kind of a ‘ mending process ’ – and then illuminates them .
here , nature is given ‘ treatment ’ , receiving medical care to restore its health .
all of the photographs are captured by night , when nature is , ‘ getting a good night ’s rest ’ .
restoration , untitled ( 2 ) , 2000 100 x 136 cm , edition 6 50 x 68 cm , edition 10
restoration , untitled ( 6 ) , 2000 100 x 136 cm , edition 6 50 x 68 cm , edition 10
restoration , untitled ( 3 ) , 2000 100 x 136 cm , edition 6 50 x 68 cm , edition 10
restoration , untitled ( 1 ) , 2000 100 x 136 cm , edition 6 68 x 52 cm , edition 10
restoration , untitled ( 7 ) , 2000 100 x 136 cm , edition 6 50 x 68 cm , edition 10
restoration , untitled ( 8 ) , 2000 150 x 305 cm , edition 6 , triptych 75 x 152 cm , edition 10 , triptych
museum of nature , roller - coaster , 2004 100 x 134 cm , edition 6 50 x 67 cm , edition 10
his other body of work ‘ museum of nature ’ shows a shift in this healing process .
nature is no longer being healed .
instead it is being rescued .
trees and whole landscapes are in glass pavilions .
like a work of at , nature is stored and conserved in a museum .
museum of nature , theatre I , 2003 100 x 154 cm , edition 6 50 x 77 cm , edition 10
museum of nature , kitka - river , 2004 ( triptych ) 183 x 300 cm , edition 6 91 x 150 cm , edition 10
museum of nature , museum I , 2003 100 x 135 cm , edition 6 50 x 68 cm , edition 10
ilkka halso was born in orimattila , finland in 1965 .
he received his master of arts from the university of art and design in helsinki in 1992 .
halso ’s solo exhibitions include shows at the galerie frank , paris , synart art gallery , frankfurt and the F48 fotografisk galleri , stockholm .
he currently lives and works in orimattila , finland .
The snowstorm that blanketed the East Coast this weekend was so big , it is even impressive from space .
NASA 's Aqua satellite took this image centered on Washington , D.C. , on Sunday with its MODIS instrument .
The blizzard shut down the federal government , stranded travelers , left hundreds of thousands without power and crushed the hopes of many retailers hoping for big sales during the weekend before Christmas .
The image covers 300 miles lengthwise .
The two big rivers near the center are the Susquehanna ( to the north ) and Potomac rivers , which run into Chesapeake Bay .
Washington , D.C. , sits alongside the Potomac , just north of the river 's hook - shaped curve .
The inlet to the north is Delaware Bay .
Higher - resolution image from NASA
See Also :
Follow us on Twitter @betsymason and @wiredscience , and on Facebook .
New York Holds Contest for Condom Packaging Design
The New York City Health Department announced that it will be holding a contest for the packaging design of condoms that it gives free annually .
The city hands out free condoms annually to promote to New Yorkers safe sex and lower the city ’s cases for unwanted pregnancies , HIV and other sexually transmitted diseases .
“ This is every New Yorker ’s chance to help convey that message , ” the department said .
Last year , the city handed out 40 million pieces .
Interested parties must be at least 17 years old to enter the contest .
Deadline of entries is on January 22 , 2010 .
Finalists will be shown by February in the website of the NYC health department and on its Facebook account .
Meanwhile , until the contest finds a winner , the condoms being distributed will still use the current wrapping ( pictured ) .
The requirements and criteria include originality , capture the city ’s culture , promote safe sex , ca n’t be sexually explicit , cannot be racy and cannot include any copyrighted or trademarked images .
I recently gave the following advice about looking for a job .
I thought maybe other folks would find it useful .
It ’s kind of a next generation job search , it ’s an expansion of what Ted Leung called Job Search 2.0 .
Write down your ideal job , then take a serious look at yourself and think whether you would hire yourself for it .
If not , what skills do you need to develop that would make you the ideal candidate for that job ?
Write down a list of 5 - 10 companies you would love to work at .
I would argue that you do n’t know if you would love to work there until you have had a genuine conversation with someone who works there or who has worked there recently .
If you do n’t know 5 companies where you would love to work , then find them .
Write in your blog * at least once a week about something in your field that would be interesting to a potential colleague at your dream company .
Figure out what are the relevant conference , local meetups or whatever for your target job .
Start attending those .
Consider whether you could propose giving a talk .
If you do n’t feel qualified , what can you do to while unemployed that would qualify you to give such a talk ?
Do it .
Tweet each blog post and about web articles you read in your field that are interesting .
Consider volunteering doing something altruistic that hones the skills required for your dream job .
Be active in your field even if you do n’t have a job .
If you keep honing your skills and your ability to communicate about them , two things will happen :
You will know better what you want to do and who you want to do it with Your job will find you
You have something to say that no one else is saying .
Even if there is some repetition with what other people have said , that is ok .
I ’m sure my blog is mediocre at times , but it is often excellent , and sometimes I do n’t know when I write something whether it is old hat or new insight … sometimes it seems old to me since the idea has been rattling around my head for a while , but everyone else thinks it is amazing ….
sometimes I think it is amazing , and everyone else ignores it .
Writing a blog has helped me figure out what I am passionate about .
In any case , your blog tells a public story about you and when you are seeking a job that is really important .
Also , there are less experienced people in your field who might really find what you have to say helpful .
It is both marketing and a public service .
Over time , google will find your resume more often on the front page of searches , and over time people reading your blog will think ….
maybe this person is a fit for this position that has just gotten approved , maybe I should call him or her before I post the job .
Start by just writing a little bit about interesting stuff you ’ve read .
Linking to other people ’s writing on the Web invites them to read what you write ( if they are following their referrers as most people do ) .
Some of those people will like your blog and come back or tell their friends or tweet about it .
Eventually you will have a small following of people in your field who are interested in the same things you are .
That is unique , compelling and powerful .
Former Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush on Saturday abruptly pulled out of a joint appearance scheduled for this winter in Los Angeles after growing unhappy with the way the event was being promoted .
Earlier this week , the two called off an upcoming appearance in New York City .
“ We canceled the event because of a violation of contract and a promoter who insisted on billing it as something it was n’t , ” said Matt McKenna , a spokesman for Clinton .
David Sherzer , a spokesman for Bush , confirmed the event was off .
McKenna said the forum was never intended to be a clash between the 42nd and 43rd presidents -- “ the hottest ticket in political history , ” a news released called it -- but rather a moderated panel discussion .
Advertisement
“ It ’s unfortunate that an overeager promoter ruined the opportunity to hear a serious discussion of the issues between two former presidents who have a great deal of respect for each other , ” he said .
Officials of the promotion company , hired by New York ’s Madison Square Garden , could not immediately be reached for comment .
Democrat Clinton , who beat Bush ’s father in 1992 to win the presidency , and Republican Bush , who succeeded Clinton after defeating his vice president , Al Gore , in 2000 , appeared together at an hourlong forum in Toronto in May .
The two were set to appear Feb. 22 at Universal City ’s Gibson Amphitheatre as part of the American Jewish University ’s public lecture series .
The appearance was announced in August , with tickets set to go on sale this week for $ 75 to $ 125 .
Advertisement
A second appearance was scheduled for Feb. 25 at Radio City Music Hall in New York , with tickets ranging from $ 60 to $ 160 .
McKenna would not discuss the fee passed up by the two former presidents , but they reportedly received $ 150,000 apiece for their Toronto appearance .
McKenna said money was not a consideration in their decision to cancel the events .
--
mark.barabak@latimes.com
Peter Dazeley / Getty Images
For years , cardiologists were aware that heart attacks are more common during the winter months than in any other season .
Most assumed that the cause was cold weather .
But then researchers in California examined death certificates in Los Angeles County , an area not known for its inclement winters , and found that , even there , fatal heart attacks spiked during the winter months .
More specifically , they started rising around Thanksgiving , climbed inexorably through Christmas and peaked on New Year ’s Day .
A subsequent study of death certificates nationwide , published in Circulation in 2004 , confirmed the association between the two holidays and heart - attack deaths .
It was accompanied by a cheery editorial headlined “ The ‘ Merry Christmas Coronary ’ and ‘ Happy New Year Heart Attack ’ Phenomenon . ”
Why the number of heart - attack deaths should surge so significantly during the holidays still is not clear , although cardiologists have some well - founded guesses .
“ We suspect there is often an inappropriate delay in seeking medical attention ” at this time of year , says Dr. Robert A. Kloner , a professor of medicine at the University of Southern California , a cardiologist at Good Samaritan Hospital and the lead author of both the 2004 study of deaths in Los Angeles County and the accompanying editorial .
“ People ignore the pain in their chest , ” perhaps because they do n’t wish to disrupt the festivities or they misinterpret the ache as overindulgence , Dr. Kloner says .
By the time they get to an emergency room , it ’s too late to save them .
Stress and tension likely play a role , too .
“ Spending time with family members can be trying , ” he says .
“ And there are often concerns about financial issues , buying presents and so on . ”
Even a wood - burning fireplace , a romantic symbol of wintry , holiday evenings , could be a contributing factor , because particulate matter in the air has been connected to an increase in the risk of heart attacks , Dr. Kloner says .
A provocative new study published this year in the journal Heart and Circulatory Physiology suggests , however , that there may be a novel way to test at least one element of your heart ’s health right in your own living room , right in the middle of the holidays .
Sit on the floor with your legs stretched straight out in front of you , toes pointing up .
Reach forward from the hips .
Are you flexible enough to touch your toes ?
If so , then your cardiac arteries probably are also flexible .
In the study ’s experiment , scientists from the University of North Texas and several Japanese universities recruited 526 healthy adults between the ages of 20 and 83 and had them perform the basic sit - and - reach test described above , although their extensions were measured precisely with digital devices .
Taking into account age and gender , researchers then sorted the subjects into either the high - flexibility group or the poor - flexibility group .
Next , using blood - pressure cuffs at each person ’s ankles and arms , researchers estimated how flexible their arteries were .
Cardiac artery flexibility is one of the less familiar elements of heart health .
Supple arterial walls allow the blood to move freely through the body .
Stiff arteries require the heart to work much harder to force blood through the unyielding vessels and over time could , according to Kenta Yamamoto , a researcher at North Texas and lead author of the study , contribute to a greater risk for heart attack and stroke .
What the researchers found was a clear correlation between inflexible bodies and inflexible arteries in subjects older than 40 .
Adults with poor results on the sit - and - reach test also tended to have relatively high readings of arterial stiffness .
In short , the study concluded that “ a less flexible body indicates arterial stiffening , especially in middle - aged and older adults . ”
No such correlation was found in those under 40 , even when gender and fitness were considered as factors .
These results do not mean , of course , that people in the inflexible group were in imminent danger of a heart attack on Christmas Day .
Arterial stiffening does not indicate or inevitably lead to arterial disease , Mr. Yamamoto emphasizes .
In fact , some degree of arterial stiffening is inevitable with age .
But the stiffer your arteries are , the less efficient your heart .
How it is that stiff muscles in the back and legs are linked to stiff tissues near the heart is an issue that has n’t been fully elucidated , Mr. Yamamoto says , although arterial walls are composed of the same kinds of elastic tissues as muscles elsewhere in the body .
So it ’s likely , he says , that alterations in the composition of muscle tissues in the lower back ( including aging - related alterations in the amount of collagen within the muscles ) could be occurring in the arterial walls at the same time .
What is surprising are some early indications that increasing your flexibility might somehow loosen up your arteries , too .
That was the accidental and , as yet unreplicated finding of a small 2008 study at the University of Texas at Austin .
The study was designed to examine whether weight lifting increased arterial stiffness .
( It did n’t , at least on this occasion . )
The control group consisted of people who stretched .
They were not expected to show any change in cardiac function , but over the course of 13 weeks they in fact increased the pliability of their arteries by more than 20 percent .
Mr. Yamamoto and his colleagues are currently conducting an ambitious study to determine just how and whether stretching directly affects the arteries .
The results wo n’t be available for some time .
Until then , Mr. Yamamoto says , it ’s best to consider your flexibility ( or lack thereof ) as a marker of your probable arterial elasticity .
“ If you can touch your toes in the sit - and - reach test , your flexibility is good , ” he says .
If you can ’t , you might consider talking to your cardiologist — although , remember , as Mr. Yamamoto points out , that tight arteries are not necessarily diseased arteries .
They ’re just less than ideally fit .
As for avoiding the “ Merry Christmas Coronary , ” Dr. Kloner ’s advice is succinct : “ Do n’t ignore symptoms , ” he says .
Avoid overimbibing , too , and tamp down stress .
If this requires turning down an invitation from a wheedling relative , you could always try explaining that your cardiologist would say that it ’s for the best .
( Updates : Israel issues second , stronger apology to Turkey and Turkey threatens to recall its ambassador to Israel . )
A diplomatic spat is threatening to worsen Israel ’s strained relations with Turkey , traditionally one of its most important allies in the region .
The rift exposes growing Israeli frustration with Turkish leader Recep Tayyip Erdogan , who in a bid to increase Turkey ’s regional standing has increasingly spoken out against Israel .
This latest crisis included a showdown at Israel ’s Foreign Ministry , where Turkey ’s ambassador was summoned to explain Mr. Erdogan ’s recent harsh criticism , as well as a TV show that portrayed Israeli intelligence agents holding a woman and her baby hostage .
Breaking with diplomatic protocol , Israeli officials failed to include the customary Turkish flag on the table between them and the Turkish ambassador , whom they seated on a low couch .
To rub it in , they instructed the press members in attendance to note that they were sitting in higher chairs and the usual diplomatic niceties were conspicuously absent .
“ The message was , ‘ We ’ve had enough , ’ ” says Ephraim Inbar , an expert on Turkey - Israel relations at Israel ’s Bar - Ilan University .
“ Erdogan has taken things too far .
It might have not been the best treatment for an ambassador , but it came from the gut .
The signal is that we ’re not going to take it anymore . ”
A ploy to derail Barak 's fence - mending visit ?
But there ’s also reported disagreement among Israel ’s upper echelons as to how to deal with Turkey , and this spat could have been timed to interfere with Defense Minister Ehud Barak ’s fence - mending visit to Turkey this weekend .
According to the center - left Israeli newspaper Haaretz , Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman , leader of the hard - line Yisrael Beiteinu party , opposes the diplomatic efforts of Mr. Barak , who leads the left - leaning Labor party .
The paper also reported that the treatment of Turkey 's ambassador had been personally ordered by Lieberman .
“ We get the sense that Lieberman wants to heat things up before Barak ’s visit , ” a senior Foreign Ministry source told Haaretz .
“ All of the recent activities were part of Lieberman ’s political agenda . ”
Semih Idiz , a foreign affairs columnist with Milliyet , a Turkish daily , says this latest spat calls into question just how much progress Barak could actually achieve .
“ Even if Barak ’s visit is successful , the question is still when the next eruption will be .
I think the career diplomats on both sides are trying to control things , but there are loose cannons out there , ” he says .
“ I think we ’re going towards a split of some kind , because Erdogan seems fairly intent on keeping his position and there are people in Israel ( who ) seem intent on picking on his words and responding in kind .
This does n’t suggest there will be a thaw in the relations any time soon . ”
Dr. Inbar of Bar - Ilan University insists that the problem is not with Turkey , but its leader .
“ We want good relations with Turkey and want to maintain those good relations , ” he says .
“ It was n’t against Turkey , but against Erdogan . ”
' Unbridled tongue - lashing '
Erdogan ’s criticism of Israel has been particularly vocal since the 2009 Gaza war .
In recent months , Erdogan has also started chiding other countries for worrying about Iran ’s possible quest for nuclear weapons while they say nothing about Israel ’s nuclear arsenal .
During a Monday press conference with Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri , Erdogan again laid into Israel .
“ [ The Israelis ] have disproportionate capabilities and power and they use them .
...
They do not abide by UN resolutions .
...
They say they will do what they like , ” he said .
In a statement released soon after , Israel ’s Foreign Ministry condemned Erdogan ’s “ unbridled tongue - lashing . ”
“ Israel has the full right to defend its citizens from terror and missile attacks from Hamas and Hezbollah , ” the ministry said in a statement .
“ Israel is sensitive to Turkey ’s honor and seeks good bilateral ties , but we expect reciprocity , ” the statement also said .
Clemson has suspended four players for Sunday night 's Gaylord Hotels Music City Bowl against Kentucky , according to local reports .
Coach Dabo Swinney said four reserves -- defensive tackles Jamie Cumbie and Rennie Moore , tight end Durrell Barry and receiver Kyle Johnson -- would not play in the game ( ESPN , 8:30 p.m. ) .
Swinney said the players had violated a 1 a.m. curfew Wednesday night , the team 's first in Nashville last week as it prepared for the game .
" The first night here I gave them a little later curfew , " Swinney said Saturday , according to The Greenville ( S.C. )
News .
" Plenty of time to go out , have a good time and get back . "
Barry and Johnson are seniors , but Cumbie , a junior , was a key piece as part of the regular rotation in the Tigers ' defensive line .
Cumbie recorded 60 tackles and two sacks this season .
Moore had 19 tackles with two sacks .
" There [ are ] consequences for every action , " Swinney said .
" They were n't out doing anything illegal or anything .
Just late , and the consequences are they wo n't play . "
Defeats in its final two games put a damper on Clemson 's first full season under Swinney , who replaced Tommy Bowden on Oct. 13 , 2008 , and guided the Tigers in the final seven games last season .
Clemson and Kentucky had their bowl sights set higher than a trip to Nashville .
Close late - season losses , however , relegated them to a Music City Bowl matchup for the second time in four years .
Lagos , Nigeria ( CNN ) --
Reports of at least 150 Muslims killed in recent religious clashes in Nigeria should be investigated , a human rights group urged Saturday .
Witnesses told Human Rights
Watch that armed men attacked Kuru Karama in central Nigeria on Tuesday , " killing many as they tried to flee and burning many others alive , " the international organization said Saturday .
The assailants targeted Muslims , reportedly killing at least 150 , Human Rights Watch said .
Community leaders from Jos , a city about 19 miles north of Kuru Karama , and journalists told the organization that later in the week they saw dozens of bodies lodged in wells or sewage pits .
The bodies of 121 people , including 22 children , had been recovered , the organization said .
Most of the homes in the town were burned down , along with three mosques , the group said .
Those interviewed by the group said they thought the attackers were Christian , Human Rights Watch said .
But even Christians were not spared .
When a Christian pastor tried to stop the attacks he was beaten , a Muslim imam told the group .
Human Rights
Watch called on Vice President Goodluck Jonathan to open a criminal investigation into the deaths based on the reports the groups said were credible .
Officials are still tallying death figures in the latest round of violence , said H.A. Angulu , director of public communications for the Ministry of Information and Communications .
" Yes [ the clashes ] occurred , but I cannot confirm any numbers , " he told CNN .
" At this time the government is still compiling figures of those people affected and of those displaced in Jos .
They are accounting for the deceased and missing .
At this time I cannot confirm the number of dead . "
Earlier this week , dozens were reportedly killed in clashes in Jos .
Angulu did not specifically address the reports about Kuru Karama .
On Thursday , Jonathan declared in a televised address that the attackers in the state of Plateau would be held accountable , according to Human Rights Watch .
Police were called to end the attacks , but they did not , the group reported witnesses as saying .
Hundreds have died in clashes between Christians and Muslims in central Plateau state in the past decade .
The most populous country in Africa , with a population of more than 150 million , Nigeria is almost evenly divided between Muslims and Christians .
With more than 78 million Muslims , it has the sixth largest Islamic population in the world , according to a study last year by the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life .
A curfew was imposed Tuesday -- the same day as the reported attack in Kuru Karama -- in Jos after violence flared up there following unrest on Sunday .
A local activist said 69 people had been killed and about 600 injured in the most recent outbreak .
Thousands more were displaced , seeking shelter in military and police headquarters , said Sani Shehu of the Civil Rights Congress in Jos .
There was no independent confirmation of Shehu 's figures .
It is unclear what sparked the latest violence .
In November 2008 , at least 700 Nigerians died in Christian - Muslim riots that followed a disputed local election , Human Rights Watch reported .
CNN 's Andreena Narayan contributed to this report .
“ Oh this FerFAL is such a know it all jerk … ” Hold your horses guys , let me explain . :-)
There are as few things that you want to keep in mind as criminals get more resourceful and creative , things we ’ve learned here , and those of us with half a brain now apply and take into consideration ; 1) Do answer the phone .
There are many ways in which criminals can get your phone number .
Without getting creactive , just know that many brake - ins are perpetrated by people that somehow know you or have been working in on around your home .
The guy that painted or remodeled your kitchen was a nice enough guy , he came well recommended , did a good job and you know what ?
he ’s not a criminal and he ’s a very honest man .
But the young man he just hired to help him ins’t .
And he was inside your house .
And he saw all the nice stuff you have .
And he saw some of the weak spots in your home security .
And he has access to his boss ’s notebook with your phone .
All he has to do one Saturday night is drop by and if it looks as if no one is home , just give you a call .
Happens all the time , so you want to answer the phone .
2 ) “ With whom do I have the pleasure of speaking with ? ”
And you happily give away your name .
Do n’t .
Your reply should be “ Sir / Miss , you called me , who are you trying to reach / who are you looking for ?
” Do n’t give away your name .
Never .
A few more phone calls and they have a good idea of everyone ’s name , family members , approximate age , etc .
Just do n’t give way any personal information at all , none .
Sometimes its just telemarketers or something similar .
Too bad for them , but get used to not giving any kind of information no matter who ’s on the line .
I ’ve heard it all : Fake kidnappings , criminals pretending to be cops saying a family member got hurt .
Some people even en up giving account numbers or credit card numbers , tricked into believing they are talking to the card company .
If in doubt , ask for a number so you can call them , make sure you ’re talking to the real company .
Today its easier than ever using internet .
A person I know got a phone call supposedly by a cop telling him that his son had suffered an accident .
They could be ambushing him on some location , or simply wanting him out of the house to brake in , but this person knew one thing : Local cops drop by to inform you of accidents , they do n’t call .
A few minutes later he contacted his son on the cell phone .
He was just fine .
3 ) Virtual kidnappings became VERY common here .
They can leave nice profit and are n’t consider as serious as real kidnaps .
All you need is information .
“ I ’m trying to reach your son mister … ” “ oh he forgot his cell / its not working / he ’s traveling abroad ” Knowing that a person will be unable to be contacted is valuable data , you can fake a kidnapping and use the family ’s desperation to get a few thousands bucks out of them fast .
Usually its smaller amounts to everything can be done in a matter of an hour or so .
Jewelry , cash , car , whatever they have , delivered in 30 minutes to some address .
People fear for their loved ones lives and act immediately .
This is why its so important to keep in touch and always have communication channels , know if someone will be out of reach and for how long .
Next post will be about ATMs and Credit Cards , and some tricks used by criminals , I ’m sure there are a couple you never heard of that are being used today all around the world .
FerFAL
When I first started my Phd 4 + years ago , I was fascinated , concerned and rather obsessed with the various details surrounding the limits - to - growth phenomenon , a situation I had been blissfully unaware of up until around 2000 .
I delved deep into the specifics of peak oil , non-energy input limitations , and neuroscience based drivers of our resource demand that would be difficult to work in reverse .
My advisor , Robert Costanza was much more ' solutions ' focused - and much less interested in such details as the date of Peak Oil , subsequent decline rate or debt / energy relationship .
He had analyzed and written about net energy and biophysical limits decades ago and had seen the general writing on the wall .
Via possibly different paths , I 've now arrived at the same place as he : I 've learned enough of our complicated socio- economic tapestry to stop delving into the details and start to think about solutions .
There is a new hard - copy and online journal pertaining to ' solutions ' , overseen by Robert Costanza , David Orr , Paul Hawken and John Todd .
( I encourage everyone to read the great essay by Dana Meadows on leverage points linked above and below ) .
Here is an excerpt from their main page :
The aim of Solutions is to encourage and publish integrative solutions to the world ’s most pressing problems : climate disruption , loss of biodiversity , poverty , energy descent , overfishing , air , water , and soil pollution , and human population growth , to name a few .
There is already plenty of discussion about these problems , along with an abundance of isolated and technical solutions , some of which may prove to be extremely valuable .
Solutions is a forum for putting the pieces together , prompting intelligent discussion of what can be done , and what should be done .
To read Editor - in - Chief Robert Costanza 's vision for Solutions , click here .
Solutions is an online and print journal , a hybrid between a popular magazine and a peer - reviewed journal .
It is intended for a broad audience that reaches beyond traditional academic journals to the informed public .
It will provide a much - needed forum , devoted to whole - system solutions and the design of an integrated human and natural world .
Solutions uses a much more constructive , transdisciplinary review process than typical journals .
We encourage collaboration and co-authorship between original authors and reviewers .
This constructive review process improves the quality of articles and enables the development of innovative , integrative , and whole - system solutions .
It allows for broader , more transdisciplinary perspectives on a topic , creating articles that appeal to a larger community , with a stronger chance of being implemented .
What qualifies as a solution ?
We are looking for solutions that are seriously creative : they should be novel , perhaps even surprising , but also well - thought out and credible .
We prefer solutions that take a whole - systems approach .
What do we mean by that ?
A system can be a community , a corporation , a government , or even the entire global environment .
If you want to solve a problem , you need to look at these systems in their entirety and at several , nested scales , from local to global .
Rather than focusing on a single link , look at the whole chain .
When you start looking at the world this way , it becomes clear : everything is connected .
What are examples ?
A solution can be local , such as the development of a sustainable eco-village or eco-city .
Or it can be grand and global , the development of an atmospheric trust to cap and trade greenhouse gases .
It does n’t have to solve all problems , but it should recognize what problems it can solve , and what others it might cause .
Solutions should address the institutional and cultural changes that may be required .
Problems can be solved at many levels .
Dana Meadows , founder of the Sustainability Institute , described the most effective places to act as leverage points .
At what point in the system–from a corporation to the global environment–can you make a small shift and spark a major change ?
A solution can be as simple as a shift in taxes or subsidies , or it can try to change the global economy .
We welcome concrete goals , but we wo n’t shy away from efforts to think outside the system or transcend a paradigm .
Nate here .
When we discuss “ Solutions ” we should be aware that under wide boundary conditions , there are of course NO solutions optimal for everyone / thing .
Different demographics , different generations , different species etc will be better or worse off .
I prefer the term ' mitigation ' as the problems facing human civilization probably have a collective empty set solution .
CLEARLY however , there are many many benign paths relative to the current default one , and I applaud the efforts to create a Solutions Journal instead of further scientific refining of threads of a tapestry whose emerging image is pretty obvious .
Irrespective of whether you call it ' solutions ' or ' mitigation ' , I think the time is well past for analysis and ripe for bold , surprising action .
Before we see either bold or surprising actions , however , we might need to define , either consciously or otherwise , what our real goals are : solutions or mitigation for whom and over what time scale ?
If we never address the ' who ' or ' what , ' the ' how ' will be difficult to achieve .
My own feeling is that sustainability or sustainability - lite are both dead in the water if we continue to focus on supply side changes .
Unless we address a ) the reward superhighway in our neural structure that results in cravings for higher and higher reward baselines and b ) self - deception and belief systems inhibiting behavioral change , we will probably slow the descent of the current paradigm but not change its trajectory .
These are the two areas that I will personally be researching , exploring , and writing about going forward .
My 2 - year - old daughter surprised me recently with two words : “ Daddy ’s book . ”
She was holding my Kindle electronic reader .
Here is a child only beginning to talk , revealing that the seeds of the next generation gap have already been planted .
She has identified the Kindle as a substitute for words printed on physical pages .
I own the device and am still not completely sold on the idea .
My daughter ’s worldview and life will be shaped in very deliberate ways by technologies like the Kindle and the new magical high - tech gadgets coming out this year — Google ’s Nexus One phone and Apple ’s impending tablet among them .
She ’ll know nothing other than a world with digital books , Skype video chats with faraway relatives , and toddler - friendly video games on the iPhone .
She ’ll see the world a lot differently from her parents .
But these are also technology tools that children even 10 years older did not grow up with , and I ’ve begun to think that my daughter ’s generation will also be utterly unlike those that preceded it .
1972 was a watershed year for hockey .
Among other things it saw the birth of the Edmonton Oilers ( in the World Hockey Association ) , the Calgary Flames ( in Atlanta ) , and the popularization of international hockey ( in the infamous Summit Series ) .
Appropriately enough , it also saw the birth of the hero of this little retrospective , whose remarkable career included time with both Battle of Alberta rivals as well as a boatload of international exposure .
Fred Brathwaite is a first - generation Canadian , born in Ottawa of Barbadian immigrants , the spectacularly - named St. Clair and Verstine Brathwaite .
The Brathwaites moved to the suburb of Briargreen where they were reportedly the only black family in town .
Freddy 's dad later told the Toronto Sun that his son " could n't even fake a Barbadian accent .
He 's as all - Canadian as you can get . "
Fred would later get the opportunity to see the country and eventually much of the hockey world as he became the ultimate " wandering goalie " .
I got my first glimpse of Brathwaite under the most trying circumstances imaginable .
It was the Memorial Cup Final of 1990 , a battle royale between the Oshawa Generals and Kitchener Rangers .
Oshawa 's starting goalie went down with an injury in the second period , and in came 17 - year - old Fred Brathwaite , a mid-season call - up from the Tier II Orillia Terriers .
The tiny , unpolished ' tender looked completely overmatched at first , but quickly won me over with his exceptional quickness and athleticism as he rose magnificently to the big occasion .
Freddy allowed but one goal in 52 minutes of action , minding the store as the game went to an overtime period , then a second before Oshawa finally won it all .
The attention was showered on the giant Eric Lindros , but the little guy in net playing his first tournament game had played a crucial role .
I heard little more of Brathwaite for the rest of his junior career , which he finished up with the London Knights and then as an overager with Detroit Junior Red Wings .
Undrafted , he was signed as a free agent by the Oilers in the fall of 1993 , and after just 2 games in Cape Breton was given a shot with the big club backing up Bill Ranford .
At the beginning of his pro career Freddy was n't the most polished stopper around to say the least but even then he was a very fine puckhandler , the only decent one Oilers have had since Grant Fuhr IMO .
The 5 '7 Brathwaite quickly became a fan favourite here in Edmonton , but the club was execrable .
Brathwaite played in 40 games in Oiler silks over the subsequent 2 ½ seasons , many of them in mop - up duty behind the workhorse Ranford as he recorded just 26 decisions ( 5 - 17 - 4 ) .
He shared the backup role for a time with Joaquin Gage , another black netminder , and I 'm almost certain the two became the first black tandem to dress for an NHL game .
Another NHL first for black hockey players in Edmonton , as the Oilers also featured the first black Hall of Famer , Brathwaite 's childhood hero Grant Fuhr , and later iced a squad with no fewer than five black players on it in Gage , Sean Brown , Anson Carter , Mike Grier and Georges Laraque .
Of course " black " comes in different shades .
Fuhr was known as " Cocoa " for the mid-range of his skin tone .
Brathwaite OTOH is so dark - skinned that when I saw him in person I used to affectionately call him " the headless horseman " because from the high blues one could not discern any facial features within his white mask ; he just seemed to be a shape in goalie 's clothing .
( See the picture up top )
Needless to say , neither Brathwaite , Gage nor Ranford for that matter was the answer in goal for those woeful mid-90s Oilers .
Partway in to the ' 95 - 96 season the Oilers were able to sign Curtis Joseph to address this glaring need , and Brathwaite was sent to the minors to make room .
He finished up the year with the AHL's Cape Breton Oilers before moving on to the Manitoba Moose of the IHL for a couple years , highlighted by a goal Fred scored on November 9 , 1996 .
With no NHL jobs in sight in the fall of ' 98 , Brathwaite switched gears and signed on with the Canadian National team .
He played 24 games that fall with the touring squad that fall , capped by an MVP performance at the Spengler Cup .
This caught the attention of the NHL's Calgary Flames , another struggling team with problems between the pipes .
Within weeks the peripatetic puckstopper was ensconced as the # 1 tender in Calgary , a spot he held for the next 2 ½ seasons .
A personal highlight occurred in 1999 - 2000 when Grant Fuhr also joined the Flames , making them the first full - time tandem of black goaltenders .
Brathwaite got the lion 's share of the load , playing a career - high 61 games , Fuhr 23 in the last year of his storied career .
Meanwhile the prospect Jean - Sebastien Giguere got just 7 games before being shipped off to Anaheim for a second - round pick , another showcase example of Calgary 's inability to identify and / or develop their talented young players during that troubled period .
With Calgary far from the playoffs , Brathwaite was selected to play for Canada at the World Championships in both 2000 and 2001 .
He subsequently became the ultimate wandering goalie , moving on to St. Louis Blues for two seasons as a backup before winding down his NHL days ( to date ) in Columbus in 2003 - 04 .
That Freddy played primarily on struggling teams over his 9 NHL seasons can be seen in a career log that spans 254 regular season games and 1 minute of playoff action .
During the lockout Fred found work in the Russian Superleague with the notorious Ak - Bars Kazan , whom he backstopped to a league championship in 2005 - 06 .
He returned to North America the following season where he won another professional title , the Calder Cup , with the Chicago Wolves .
Again there were no bites from the NHL , so the itinerant netminder again returned to Russia , playing for Avangard Omsk .
He then moved on to Mannheim Eagles of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga ( German League ) where he was named league MVP in his first season of 2008 - 09 .
Today Brathwaite is still going strong with Mannheim , where I was pleased to catch up with him at the recent Spengler Cup .
He looked just as sharp as ever , still quick , athletic and square to the shooter , still an aggressive puckhandler , still very much fun to watch .
The personable little man plays a very dynamic style of goal which has won him friends and fans wherever he has gone .
Which is a long way indeed ; since entering major junior hockey 20 years ago Fred has played on 16 teams across 4 countries and 5 Canadian provinces .
About the only place he has n't played is in the Barbados Hockey League .
Starships , battlecruisers and starfighters are part of the iconic imagery of our favorite space epics .
So when classic space sagas like Star Wars or BSG get rebooted , concept artists must reimagine legendary vessels .
Here 's our favorite reimagined space concept art .
Advertisement
Part of what 's really cool about looking at concept art from remakes , revamps and rethinks of classic space sagas is seeing how designers reinvent the classic shapes and original images .
But another huge part is seeing how designers add new ships and create new concepts to graft onto the existing lore , and try to make it all fit together .
So you have Spock 's Jellyfish ship and the Narada in Star Trek , and a host of new ship designs in Battlestar Galactica and Star Trek .
And sometimes , like in Lost In Space , you just have to start from scratch if you want to create something really cool looking .
Here are the revamped spaceship concept art pics ( plus a few other goodies ) that prove remakes may be drek on the whole , but they do give us some amazing art to drool over :
Star Trek : Reinventing the Enterprise and creating other new classic ships .
Superman Rebooted : spaceships and a Kryptonian space battlesuit .
Stargate Universe concept art : inside the Destiny
Doctor Who : redesigning the TARDIS interior , circa 2005 .
Lost In Space : a weirdly awesome space fighter .
Planet Of The Apes : Awful movie , but amazing spaceship design .
Battlestar Galactica : bringing her back out of mothballs .
Star Wars prequels : the concept art is better than the movies .
Really .
* Nationwide effort targets food industry , restaurants
* Seeks voluntary reduction of sodium in U.S. food supply
* Critics see it as more “ paternalistic ” regulation ( Adds analyst comment )
NEW YORK , Jan 11 ( Reuters ) - New York City , which has banned smoking and artificial trans fats in restaurants under Mayor Michael Bloomberg , is taking on another enemy of healthy living : salt .
The city ’s Health Department announced on Monday that it is coordinating a nationwide effort to reduce salt in restaurant and packaged foods by 25 percent over five years .
The National Salt Reduction Initiative , a coalition of cities and health organizations , hopes the food industry will back its campaign to combat high blood pressure , heart attacks and strokes by voluntarily reducing the sodium in the U.S. food supply .
The announcement met with mixed reaction .
Many food makers have already begun to cut salt content and said the reduction targets were reasonable , but some critics called it another attempt to regulate what should be a free choice .
Bloomberg , who has just begun his third term as mayor , has crusaded for healthy living .
Apart from the smoking and trans fat bans , the city required chain restaurants to post calorie counts of their menu items and started ad advertising campaign against sugary drinks .
Companies are aware of the push to reduce salt and the New York initiative represents a challenge , said Tom Forte , an analyst at Telsey Advisory Group , an equity research firm .
The restaurant industry will change its offerings if demand is there , but there is “ not a lot of proof ” previous measures in New York caused any major shifts in consumer behavior , Forte said .
The effort targets restaurants and packaged food because only 11 percent of the sodium in Americans ’ diets comes from their saltshakers .
Nearly 80 percent is added to foods before they are sold , the Health Department said .
High blood pressure , heart attacks and stroke kill 23,000 New Yorkers and 800,000 Americans per year , costing untold billions in healthcare expenses , the Health Department said .
Salt intake has been increasing steadily since the 1970s , with Americans consuming about twice the recommended limit of salt each day .
“ Consumers can always add salt to food , but they ca n’t take it out , ” said New York City Health Commissioner Thomas Farley .
But J. Justin Wilson of the Center for Consumer Freedom , an industry - funded group that lobbies against restrictions on smoking , alcohol and the restaurant and food industries , called the initiative “ paternalistic ” and warned that if the City does n’t get its way , it may try to make the proposals obligatory .
“ First it was trans fats , then it was mandatory labeling .
The City ’s Board of Health knows best . ”
Food manufacturers said the proposals are reasonable and have been a part of their strategy for some time .
" Kraft Foods is supportive of the overall goal of New York City 's sodium reduction initiative , " said Susan Davidson of Kraft Foods Inc. KFT .
N
The New York City Health Department ’s Dr. Sonia
Angell said the sodium cuts are “ not about banning any single product ” but making sure the mix of high and low sodium products is balanced so that it packs “ a lower wallop of sodium for all of us . ”
The city vowed to solicit additional comments from the food industry and consumer organizations until Feb .
1 . For the proposed salt reduction targets , click on : here ( Reporting by Basil Katz ; editing by Daniel Trotta and Anthony Boadle )
Bush closes the gap
Public Policy Polling :
Perhaps the greatest measure of Obama 's declining support is that just 50 % of voters now say they prefer having him as President to George W. Bush , with 44 % saying they 'd rather have his predecessor .
Given the horrendous approval ratings
Bush showed during his final term that 's somewhat of a surprise and an indication that voters are increasingly placing the blame on Obama for the country 's difficulties instead of giving him space because of the tough situation he inherited .
The closeness in the Obama / Bush numbers also has implications for the 2010 elections .
Using the Bush card may not be particularly effective for Democrats anymore , which is good news generally for Republicans and especially ones like Rob Portman who are running for office and have close ties to the former President .
( via Political Wire )
Public Policy Polling :
Perhaps the greatest measure of Obama 's declining support is that just 50 % of voters now say they prefer having him as President to George W. Bush , with 44 % saying they 'd rather have his predecessor .
Given the horrendous approval ratings
Bush showed during his final term that 's somewhat of a surprise and an indication that voters are increasingly placing the blame on Obama for the country 's difficulties instead of giving him space because of the tough situation he inherited .
The closeness in the Obama / Bush numbers also has implications for the 2010 elections .
Using the Bush card may not be particularly effective for Democrats anymore , which is good news generally for Republicans and especially ones like Rob Portman who are running for office and have close ties to the former President .
( via Political Wire )
Sources | Medically Reviewed on 02/14/2020 Reviewed by Kathleen M. Zelman , MPH , RD , LD on February 14 , 2020
IMAGES PROVIDED BY :
1 ) Lew Robertson / Studio Paggy
2 ) Biggie Productions / Taxi
3 ) Peter Cade / Iconica
4 ) Foodcollection
5 ) Barry Vee / Photographer ’s Choice
6 ) Image Source
7 ) Frank Bean / Uppercut Images
8 ) Foodcollection
9 ) Dorling Kinderley / Judd Pilossof / FoodPix
10 ) Getty
11 ) Sam Armstrong / Photographer ’s Choice / Hans Bjurling
12 ) DAJ
13 ) Patrik Giardino / Taxi
14 ) Jo Sax / Stone +
15 ) Gentl and Hyers / FoodPix
16 ) Glowimages
17 ) Sian Irvine / Image Source / Getty
18 ) Brayden Knell / WebMD
19 ) Doring Kindersley / WebMD
20 ) Sian Kennedy / Photonica
21 ) Nino Mascardi / Photographer ’s Choice
22 ) Kurtwilson / FoodPix
23 ) TGStock / Tim Graham Photo Library
24 ) Somos / Veer
REFERENCES :
Wansink , B. Mindless Eating : Why We Eat More Than We Think , Bantam Books , 2006 .
Center for Science in the Public Interest : " New Year 's Resolutions . "
Framson , C. Journal of the American Dietetic Association , August 2009 ; vol 109 : pp 1439-1444 .
Consumer Reports : " 6 Secrets of the Slim for Your Diet Plan . "
News release , The Endocrine Society .
Kokkinos , A. The Journal of Clinical Endocrinology & Metabolism , published online Oct. 29 , 2009 .
Michael Breus , Founder of Soundsleep Solutions ; author , Good Night : The Sleep Doctor 's 4 - Week Program to Better Sleep and Better Health .
Sivak , M. Obesity Review , August 2006 ; vol 7 ( 3 ) : pp 295-6 .
Neal Barnard , MD , president , Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine ; adjunct associate professor of medicine , George Washington University School of Medicine .
Judith M. Lukaszuk , PhD , RD , assistant professor , School of Family , Consumer , and Nutrition Sciences , Northern Illinois University .
Elaine Magee , MPH , RD , author Food Synergy , 2008 .
Major , G.C. American Journal of Clinical Nutrition , January 2007 ; vol 85 : pp 54 -59 .
Lukaszuk , J.M. Journal of the American Dietetic Association , October 2007 ; vol 107 : pp 1811 -1814 .
Ello - Martin , J.A. American Journal of Clinical Nutrition , June 2007 ; vol 85 : pp 1465-1477 .
Ledikwe , J.H. American Journal of Clinical Nutrition , May 2007 ; vol 85 : pp 1212-1221 .
Katcher , H.I. American Journal of Clinical Nutrition , January 2008 ; vol 87 : pp 79-90 .
Public Health – Idaho North Central District : " Make One Change to Lose 10 Pounds in a Year . "
Women , Infants & Children PDF .
USDA National Nutrient Database .
University of Nebraska , Nutrition Education Program : " Think What You Drink . "
Carolyn O'Neil , MS , RD , co-author , The Dish on Eating Healthy and Being Fabulous .
Christine Gerbstadt , MD , MPH , RD , spokeswoman , American Dietetic Association .
Dawn Blatner - Jackson , MS , RD , spokeswoman , American Dietetic Association .
2005 U.S. Dietary Guidelines .
American Heart Association .
UCLA Student Nutrition Awareness Campaign : " Calories Count . "
Newby , P.K. The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition , June 2005 ; vol 81 ( 6 ) : pp 1267 -74 .
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
" Physical Activity for a Healthy Weight . "
Afghanistan : Eight Years and Counting Editor ’s Note :
At the eighth anniversary of the U.S. invasion of Afghanistan , more and more Americans are questioning why the United States is still fighting this war – and asking whether there is any end in sight for this bloody occupation .
In this guest essay , sociology professor Dennis Loo expresses the view of this emerging majority , in favor of ending the war : Eight years ago , on Oct. 7 , 2001 , the U.S. launched a war upon Afghanistan .
Email
Printer friendly
What have eight years of war and occupation accomplished ?
Government corruption is so rife and pervasive that even the U.S. State Department has condemned it .
The recent elections are still being contested because of massive fraud .
War and drug lords are part of the government .
Afghanistan is near the worst in the world in poverty rates , life expectancy , unemployment , child mortality , and lack of human rights .
It remains , however , number one in opium production .
Thousands of Afghans have been killed and millions continue to be refugees – either within Afghanistan or driven to other nations .
Large gatherings of people , including wedding and dinner parties , are considered legitimate targets by the US military for bombing .
The results of this are predictable : Afghan anger and growing rage at the U.S .
Eight years of war and occupation and what do we see ?
The Afghan economy is shattered .
Women remain oppressed , as they were under the Taliban .
This year President Hamid Karzai signed a law that requires Shi’ite women to obtain their husband ’s permission to go to school , visit a doctor , go to work , and other ordinary activities .
It allows men to withdraw food from women if they refuse sexual demands .
And a rapist can escape prosecution if he pays “ blood money ” to a girl he injured while raping her .
Eight years of war and U.S. leaders continue to debate what their aims are and how to achieve those aims .
Their lack of clarity here is n’t a function primarily of lack of intelligence .
You cannot justify an unjust and unwinnable war .
Eight years of war and U.S. leaders are prosecuting a war that a majority of the American public opposes .
A CNN / Opinion Research Corporation survey released on Sept. 1 indicated that 57 percent oppose the Afghan war .
The percentage opposed to the war is the highest since CNN began polling after the war began .
This is despite Obama ’s many declarations that this is the “ good war . ”
The invasion was and is still being justified as self - defense because of 9/11 .
But according to a number of mainstream news accounts , the Afghan invasion was in the works months before 9/11 .
BBC on Sept. 18 , 2001 , reported in an article entitled : “ US ‘ Planned Attack on Taleban ’ ” that “ the US was planning military action against Osama Bin Laden and the Taleban even before last week 's attacks . ”
MSNBC on May 16 , 2002 , reported , “ the United States intended a full - scale assault on al - Qaida even if the Sept. 11 attacks had not occurred . ”
( “ US Sought Attack on Al - Qaida ” )
Eight years of war and despite nearly 400,000 personnel working for the U.S. war effort , the “ insurgents control or contest a significant portion of the country , ” according to Gen. Stanley McChrystal .
U.S. military leaders openly admit that they are engaged in a “ long war ” in Afghanistan .
Depending on which one you listen to , the war will last anywhere from five years to a few more decades .
Obama tells us the U.S. has to fight this war so that the Taliban and al Qaeda cannot retake control of the country .
But since our invasion of Afghanistan , the Taliban has increased in popularity because U.S. attacks enflame Afghanis against the U.S. and is driving many reluctantly into the arms of the Taliban .
“ With regret , ” a Russian official said in September 2001 , trying to warn the U.S. of what lay ahead should we invade Afghanistan , “ I have to say that you ’re really going to get the hell kicked out of you . ”
Cofer Black , Director of the CIA ’s Counter - Terrorist Center , responded : “ We ’re going to kill them , ” he said .
“ We ’re going to put their heads on sticks .
We ’re going to rock their world . ” [ Bush at War by Bob Woodward , p. 103 ]
This is the attitude that got the United States into this war .
This is the attitude that invaders and occupiers of Afghanistan have always had before they end up withdrawing years later in shame and defeat .
Many of those who the U.S. is fighting in Afghanistan were brought into being by American support of reactionary fundamentalist forces when the USSR was the invader . …
[ For more on this history , see Consortiumnews.com ’s “ Why Afghanistan Really Fell Apart . ” ]
9/11 was blowback for that and this war upon Afghanistan is perpetuating a cycle of violence and sowing the seeds of more 9/11 ’s , more terrorism , and more wars .
The view that the U.S. can win the hearts and minds of the people by killing more Afghans cannot and will not win this war .
October 6 is a National Day of Resistance , intended to deliver a powerful message to the world that day that the American people will no longer allow their government to commit war crimes in Afghanistan .
Dennis Loo is Professor of Sociology at Cal Poly Pomona and co-editor with Peter Phillips of Impeach the President : the Case Against Bush and Cheney .
He blogs at Open Salon .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
Apple managed to make it to one day before the release of its new iPad without letting the cat out of the bag .
Then Terry McGraw , owner of publishing company McGraw - Hill , had to open his yap .
Appearing on CNBC on Tuesday to talk business , McGraw started out safe , yammering about quarterly earnings and the economic downturn .
And China .
And cars .
And all sorts of other nonsense .
Lulling himself into a false sense of security , as it were .
Then around 2:50 of the attached video , host Erin Burnett pounces .
“ And very quickly , Apple , ” Burnett says .
“ Apparently , you may get textbooks on this new tablet ( the iPad ) that ’s coming out . ”
“ Yes , very exciting , ” McGraw says .
“ They ’ll make their announcement on this one tomorrow ( Wednesday ) .
We have worked for Apple for quite a while and the tablet is going to be based on the iPhone operating system . ”
Whoops .
No telling what notoriously tight - lipped , secrecy obsessed Apple boss Steve Jobs said when he saw that one .
Posted by : Loren Coleman on December 21st , 2009
The Top 10 Cryptozoology Stories of 2009
by Loren Coleman , Cryptozoologist and Author , Mysterious America , Cryptozoology A to Z , and other books .
The general public and media were captivated in 2008 by stories of an alleged Bigfoot in ice , which was quickly revealed to be a costume .
In contrast , perhaps in reaction to last year , exploration , historical appreciation , and baseline work were at the forefront of this year ’s top cryptozoology stories .
The communiques for 2009 were highlighted by several searches for hidden species , some surprising discoveries , the public opening of a museum , sighting series , and other events that turned this into quite a year for cryptozoology .
It certainly was an upbeat way to end the decade .
Welcome to this year ’s top stories in cryptozoology ( the study of unknown or hidden , as yet to be verified , animals , i.e. cryptids ) .
Compared to previous years in the ’00s , the news items were rather positive , if not sometimes only to be found in the strange and offbeat sections of your media samplers .
This year ’s annual picks are cryptozoological events that became newsworthy or were announced during 2009 ( even though , as actual discoveries , they may have happened in an earlier year or years ) .
The following are the top cryptid- related tidbits of most interest to the public , cryptozoologists , Bigfooters , fans , friends , foes , and the media during the last year .
The stories may not be the most groundbreaking , but they include some that garnered the largest media reaction and greatest public discussions concerning our favorite field of study , for 2009 .
This was a year in which cryptozoology continued to impact popular culture , but in a much more calm fashion than recent years ’ hysterics .
Enjoy the quest .
1. Cryptozoology Expeditions Explored The World
Asian Yeti , Sumatran Orang Pendek , Siberian Snowman , American Bigfoot and Canadian / Scottish Lake Monster expeditions dominated cryptozoology media this year .
Organized , sponsored search parties were in the field often during 2009 .
“ MonsterQuest ” jump started the year by conducting a Yeti expedition that left for Nepal on January 13th .
It , like the one later in the year to search for Sumatra ’s Orang Pendek , was headed by explorer Adam Davies , with some members of the Centre for Fortean Zoology pulled in for the Indonesian trek .
The competing reality program “ Destination Truth ” sent an expedition in the spring , hosted by Josh Gates , to Bhutan to be filmed for fall broadcast .
Meanwhile , Siberian Snowman expeditions also took the field during the spring .
The reports of a Snowman from Tashtagol , Siberia resulted in exploratory investigative trips to the area by Russians .
Results were mixed from all the excusions , but inconclusive hair samples and tracks were found , and eyewitnesses accounts were recorded for further study and broadcast .
In general , however , frustrating findings , especially from the Siberian search , were the rule of the day .
Various searching occurred after reports of hairy hominoids , baboon - like creatures , and bogus Bigfoot popped up in locations as diverse as Iowa , Texas and Minnesota in the United States .
The Cameron Lake Monster expedition in British Columbia in September 2009 , was headed by John Kirk and Adam McGirr of the British Columbia Scientific Cryptozoology Club , and came back positively convinced they would have to return for more explorations .
Legendary Nessie seeker Robert H. Rines ’ last expedition to Loch Ness was broadcast on television ’s “ MonsterQuest ” mid-year , and was his swam song .
Rines passed away on November 1 , 2009 .
( See “ Top Ten 2009 Cryptozoology Deaths , ” for other notable obituaries . )
2. World ’s First Cryptozoology Museum Opened
After fifty years of active collecting , and six years of being open as a home - based cabinet of curiosities for researchers and documentary film companies , the International Cryptozoology Museum , the world ’s only public collection of its kind , opened November 1st , and had its Grand Opening on November 6th , hosted by State of Maine Rep. Herb Adams and Bigfoot legendary figure Jim McClarin .
Located at 661 Congress Street , Portland , Maine , in cooperation with space from the Green Hand bookshop , the museum garnered widespread press attention .
Publicity came from the Maine Department of Tourism to humorist Al Diamon announcing the opening .
In Maine and New England , examples of stories from television , newspaper , university , and other media , as well as national / international outlets such as USA Today , the Associated Press , Daily Grail , and Boing Boing talked of the new museum .
Portland Monthly Magazine , Portland Press Herald , Go ! , Down East Magazine , and hundreds of blogs online discussed the opening .
The Lewiston Sun-Journal proclaimed the opening of the International Cryptozoology Museum as one of its top stories of 2009 .
Science writer Matt Bille noted in his “ Sci / Tech Blog ” that the museum “ deserves its place ” on the year ’s top ten list because “ there has , until now , been nothing like a central repository for cryptozoological material . ”
One of the first cooperative outcomes of the United States museum , in conjunction with a Swiss museum , was that the director of the International Cryptozoology Museum was appointed to be on the editorial board of cryptozoology ’s new 2009 journal , the first one to be published in a quarter of a century .
The Musée Cantonal de Zoologie of Lausanne , Switzerland , which houses Bernard Heuvelmans ’ archives and collection , this year announced and printed a new cryptozoological journal , the title of which is Kraken .
3. First Coelacanth Babies Filmed
The Japan Times and other news outlets reported on November 18 , 2009 , that a team from an aquarium in Iwaki , Japan had successfully , in a world ’s first , photographed juvenile coelacanths ( example above ) , a fish regarded as a living fossil , off Indonesia ’s Sulawesi Island .
Aquamarine Fukushima reported that the small newborns ( 31.5 cm long ) were found October 6 , 2009 , at a depth of 161 meters in Manado Bay off North Sulawesi Province .
This is near where the Indonesian coelacanth was first discovered in a fish market in 1997 , and then off - shore in 1998 .
It was also announced that there will be a Wild Safari replica ( 5.75 inches long , 3 inches in height ; 14.6 x 7.6 cm ) of the coelacanth for 2010 .
For more 2009 coelacanth news , see here .
4. “ Champ ” Video Taken
Eric Olsen , 37 , using his cellphone , took a video of something in Lake Champlain at Oakledge Park , near Burlington , Vermont , on Sunday , May 31 , 2009 , at about 5:30 am , Eastern Daylight Savings Time .
No claims were made that this was the Lake Champlain Monster or Champ , although newspapers and other media wrote about it as a “ Champ video . ”
Bernard Heuvelmans ’ Super - Otter ( above ) was compared to a frame from Eric Olsen ’s cellphone footage ( below ) , during the analyses of the new images .
The following stabilized version of the Eric Olsen - obtained video was produced by John Donald Carlucci of Darke Media .
5. African Pygmy Hippo Killed in Australia
Photo by Katrina Bridgeford .
On Saturday , November 14 , 2009 , Nico Courtney , 27 , was out spotlighting for pigs with his mate Rusty in the bush in the Douglas Daly district , Australia .
He came across what he thought was a wild pig , and shot an animal that actually turned out to be a pygmy hippopotamus .
Trouble is this species of hippo ( Choeropsis liberiensis or Hexaprotodon liberiensis ) is normally native to the swamps of west Africa , in particular Liberia and Nigeria , not Australia .
Although a theory was proposed that the hippo was believed to have escaped from the Tipperary Station Wildlife Sanctuary after it closed in 2003 , no proof for that source of the beast was found .
Like the stories of “ circus train wrecks ” that are told to explain sightings of other out - of - place animals found elsewhere , the only fact for certain is a pygmy hippo was killed in the Australian bush , origin unknown .
6. “ Yeti ” Stalked Bikini - Clad Student
One of the most - viewed YouTube videos during August 2009 turned out to be taken in the Tatra mountains of Poland , by Tadeusz Serafinowski , with his bikini - clad student girlfriend Justyna Folger ( above ) , 19 , in the foreground , and a stalking “ Yeti ” in the background .
Meanwhile , 27 - year - old Piotr Kowalski ’s moving images of another “ Yeti ” filmed in the Tatra mountains , got a lot of looks too .
Were these various people in “ monkey suits ” or did Serafinowski ’s & Kowalski ’s separately capture footage of genuine apelike creatures in Poland ?
The online videos were popular , whatever they showed .
An image from Piotr Kowalski ’s video .
7. Alligator - In - The - Sewer Confirmed by New York Times
“ Are the alligators in New York City sewers just an urban legend ?
Not according to Salvatore Condoluci , 92 , who in 1935 claimed to have caught and killed an 8 - foot - long gator in a sewer on 123rd Street near the Harlem River , ” wrote David Pescovitz at Boing Boing when he reported on the breaking investigative story to be found in the New York Times .
The 1935 report had been revisited in new research conducted by reporter A. G. Sulzberger .
The New York Times had rather casually and without fanfare confirmed a significant event in alligators - in - the - sewers history .
The actual teenager who had the confrontation with the over seven - foot - long sewer alligator in 1935 was tracked down , and interviewed in November 2009 .
The reporter verified the old sighting was n’t merely an elaborate newspaper tall tale .
8. Giant Woolly Rat and Other New Species Discovered
Several new species of mammals and other animals were found , announced , and / or verified during the year .
Two examples of the new species were rather large rodents .
A new species of rat was announced on February 18 , 2009 , as having been found on a mountain in the southern Philippines .
Scientists reported the small rodent was found only on Mount Hamiguitan ( known for its bonsai forest ) in Davao Oriental and first noted two years ago by the Philippine Eagle Foundation and the Chicago - based Field Museum of Natural History .
The Hamiguitan hairy - tailed rat ( Hamiguitan batomys ) , shown above , is a yellow - brown animal with a long furry tail , and weighs about 175 grams .
It lives only from an elevation of 950 meters and up in dwarf mossy forests of areas less than 10 square kilometers .
Then on September 7 , 2009 , it was announced that a new giant , woolly rat had been found in the crater of an extinct volcano on Papua New Guinea , among other animals .
The Bosavi woolly rat ( Mallomys sp . ? ) .
Photo courtesy of BBC .
Biologist Muse Opiang of the Papua New Guinea Institute of Biological Research held a Bosavi silky cuscus , a newly discovered marsupial from central Papua New Guinea , in early 2009 .
Photo : National Geographic .
Channa Rajapaksa discovered a new civet , Sapumal kalawedda ( Paradoxurus montanus ) in Sri Lanka .
His formal paper announcing the finding was published in the Linnean Society of London , Zoological Journal in January 2009 .
During the year , a new iguana species that is pink and black was announced as found on the island of Galapagos : the rosada land iguana .
The discoverer was Gabriele Gentile of the University of Rome Tor Vergata .
Gentile and his colleagues said that the pink iguana is distinct from the two recognized species of land iguana on the Galápagos .
They are located on the Volcan Wolf volcano on the island of Isabela , the only place where the pink iguanas live .
Some of the other species among many discovered and announced as new in 2009 , included a warbler , a hummingbird , a monitor lizard , a ghostshark , frogs , chameleons , geckos , crabs , and sea worms .
9. Extinct and Rare Species Rediscovered & Sometimes Eaten
Besides entirely new species , “ extinct ” and rare species were rediscovered .
This year two such finds were only photographed but not preserved .
But first , a couple straightforward rediscoveries .
The Banggai crow was found after having not been seen for 107 years , in the forest of Pelang Island in Indonesia .
It was thought to have gone extinct but obviously had not .
The Arakan forest turtle ( Heosemys depressa ) , once thought to be extinct , was rediscovered in a remote forest in Myanmar , researchers announced on September 7 , 2009 .
The local name for the turtle , Pyant Cheezar , translates into the “ turtle that eats rhinoceros feces . ”
Sumatran rhinos were once found in the area , but vanished half a century ago due to hunting .
One theory is the turtles may be eating elephant droppings now ~ unless , of course , Sumatran rhinos are yet to be rediscovered in this area too .
There is hope , with conservation efforts , this turtle will make a recovery .
Two other noteworthy rare species finds , however , did not end up in any safe havens , zoos , or museums .
A rare Worcester ’s buttonquail ( Turnix worcesteri ) , a probable female , which is also locally known as the Philippines quail , was photographed while being held by a bird hunter in Caraballo ( above ) .
The bird , thought to be extinct , was photographed for the first time in the Philippines during February 2009 , and then sold to a poultry market as food .
Found only on the island of Luzon , Worcester ’s buttonquail was known solely through drawings based on dated museum specimens collected several decades ago .
The new specimen , however , was lost , as it was eaten .
Remarkably , then something similar happened again , also in the Philippines .
As the National Geographic News stated , “ in just a short time , one of the rarest sharks in the world went from swimming in Philippine waters to simmering in coconut milk . ”
The 13 - foot - long megamouth shark ( above ) , caught on March 30 by mackerel fishers off the city of Donsol , was only the 41st megamouth shark ever found , according to WWF - Philippines .
Immediately identified as a megamouth shark by conservationists , the fishermen were asked to not eat it .
However , shortly after it was found , the 1,102 - pound shark was butchered for a shark - meat dish called kinuout .
Rarest of all sharks , the megamouth ( Megachasma pelagios ) is a recent scientific discovery , with just over 40 recorded encounters worldwide .
The first specimen was caught off Oahu , Hawaii in 1976 .
Thus , the Florida Museum of Natural History named this one Megamouth 41 .
10 . European Black Panther Sighted
Late summer and into the fall in Europe , reports of a black panther dominated the news .
The black panther hunt began on August 24 , 2009 , when a large wild cat was first spotted by hikers in woods in the Meurthe - et - Moselle region of northeast France .
Tracks at the site were found to be those of a “ great cat , probably a black panther . ”
Then a black panther was encountered in September 2009 , in a southern Belgian forest , in Wallonia .
On October 25 , 2009 , at 3:30 pm ( 1430 GMT ) , a woman saw a black panther in an industrial zone in Bascharage , a small community in southwest Luxembourg .
Meanwhile , video was taken in Poland of a “ Snow Leopard . ”
Elsewhere , in Australia , New Zealand , the United Kingdom , and the United States , reports of black panthers filled local newspapers and television broadcasts with close encounter and sighting accounts .
Searching , seeking , and preservation were the messages for 2009 , as the year will be remembered in cryptozoology history for sightings , future thinking actions , and a few but remarkable discoveries of rare and new species .
+++++++++++++++++++++++
The Cryptozoologist of the Year 2009 : Gabriele Gentile
Italian researcher Gabriele Gentile holds a Galápagos iguana , a newly - verified species that may provide evidence of species divergence five million years ago , far earlier than Charles Darwin ’s famous finches .
It was noted when announced in January 2009 that Darwin did not visit the volcano on his travels to the Ecuadorian island chains in the 1830s , so the creature remained “ undiscovered ” until 1986 , when it was spotted by park rangers .
Only after Gentile ’s painstaking field research , based on the ethnoknown sightings and confirmed via DNA testing , was this iguana recognized as its own species , formally in 2009 .
“ What ’s surprising is that a new species of megafauna , like a large lizard , may still be [ found ] in a well - studied archipelago , ” Gentile told National Geographic News .
Photo / Gabriele Gentile
+++++++++++++++++++++++
© Loren Coleman /2009 ~ Permission is granted to summarize the top ten and cryptozoologist picks , and then to hyperlink to the list .
Please , however , avoid the direct reproduction of the entire contents of the list .
Thank you .
.
Support the International Cryptozoology Museum , for the need has not disappeared and indeed is great in these difficult beginning days .
Please click below to …
Much appreciation .
Survival is the goal .
About Loren Coleman
Loren Coleman is one of the world ’s leading cryptozoologists , some say “ the ” leading living cryptozoologist .
Certainly , he is acknowledged as the current living American researcher and writer who has most popularized cryptozoology in the late 20th and early 21st centuries .
Starting his fieldwork and investigations in 1960 , after traveling and trekking extensively in pursuit of cryptozoological mysteries , Coleman began writing to share his experiences in 1969 .
An honorary member of Ivan T. Sanderson ’s Society for the Investigation of the Unexplained in the 1970s , Coleman has been bestowed with similar honorary memberships of the North Idaho College Cryptozoology Club in 1983 , and in subsequent years , that of the British Columbia Scientific Cryptozoology Club , CryptoSafari International , and other international organizations .
He was also a Life Member and Benefactor of the International Society of Cryptozoology ( now - defunct ) .
Loren Coleman ’s daily blog , as a member of the Cryptomundo Team , served as an ongoing avenue of communication for the ever - growing body of cryptozoo news from 2005 through 2013 .
He returned as an infrequent contributor beginning Halloween week of 2015 .
Coleman is the founder in 2003 , and current director of the International Cryptozoology Museum in Portland , Maine .
This entry was posted on Monday , December 21st , 2009 at 7:00 pm and is filed under Breaking News , Cryptomundo Exclusive , Cryptotourism , CryptoZoo News , Cryptozoologists , Cryptozoology , Museums , New Species , Year In Review .
You can follow responses via our RSS 2.0 feed .
You can skip to the end and leave a response .
Pinging is not allowed .
Facebook Google + Twitter Pinterest Email Print Delicious Digg Fark Google Instapaper LinkedIn MySpace Newsvine Pocket Readability Reddit StumbleUpon Tumblr Yahoo !
Do You Have A Complaint About Healthcare ?
Here You Will Find Tips That You Can Pay Attention To
Your goal determines where and who to turn to with your complaint .
Therefore , first ask yourself what you want to achieve , for example : apologies , recognition , and improvement in quality , restoration of treatment or a measure against your healthcare provider .
The best medical malpractice lawyers are there to help you out now .
Talk To Your Healthcare Provider
A first step in resolving your complaint is a conversation with your healthcare provider .
Make a separate appointment for this , so that you have enough time .
So search for lawyers near me and you will be having the smartest results there .
The institution or care provider must always respond to your complaint and may not charge any costs for this .
The lawyers here are the bests for you now .
Take Someone With You To Conversations
A conversation about a complaint is difficult .
Therefore , bring a family member or close friend with you to have the conversation with you .
He or she can then , for example , take notes or help you to tell your points well .
You can also call on a confidential advisor or an intermediary .
For more information , visit the sites of :
Association of Healthcare Mediators ( VMG )
Patient Confidential Advisor ( PVP )
Seek Independent Advice And Support
Filing a complaint about healthcare is sometimes complicated .
The procedures often differ per institution .
There are several agencies where you can file or report a complaint .
For example , a complaints committee of the institution , the Disciplinary Court for health care , the judge and the health insurer .
A lawyer for you will be useful in every way now .
Seek Legal Advice With A Claim For Damages
If you want compensation , you must always hold the healthcare institution or the practitioner liable in writing and request your medical file .
Let yourself be supported by a lawyer who specializes in medical damage .
A law firm is the best choice for you now .
Reporting Alone Also Helps
You can also only report what went wrong or what almost went wrong .
This can increasingly be done in the hospital or with your healthcare provider .
Other points to report include :
Health Care Inspectorate
National Care Number
Request Your Medical File
You do not have to worry that your complaint will end up with other healthcare providers via your medical file .
Your file must not state that you have submitted a complaint .
Complaint letters , reports of conversations or other documents about your complaint do not belong there either .
Go for the law firms for you now .
A complaint about a GP or a complaint about a doctor ’s assistant or a practice assistant ( POH ) from the general practice is not pleasant .
This also applies to the process of making this complaint known .
By means of this general practitioner complaints procedure , you can read step by step what the options are .
An attorney is the best choice for you now .
In addition to reporting the complaint to the GP , you can also submit the complaint to an independent body .
This is possible when direct contact with the general practitioner , doctors assistant or the practice nurse is not desirable .
Different authorities do not have to exclude each other .
For example , a complaint can be lodged with the regional disciplinary court and at the same time , or after the settlement of the disciplinary case , compensation for personal injury are required in court .
The attorneys will help you in every way now .
Where Can I Report My Complaint About Care ?
It is always possible to request a copy of your medical file from your GP .
Your medical file includes information about your medical situation , such as the statuses of care paths , prescribed medicines , minor procedures , referrals and results of examinations .
The best legal help is right here .
This information can help build up the complaint .
You also have the following rights :
Right to privacy and confidentiality .
Have personal data deleted .
The general practice must pass this on to third parties who have received this information .
Granting permission to process your personal data .
Withdrawing this consent whenever you want .
Submit A Complaint To A General Practitioner , First Enter Into A Discussion .
First discuss the complaint with the doctor or the doctor ’s assistant in a personal conversation .
It is difficult to file a complaint with the GP and to discuss it immediately , but most GPs appreciate it if the patient ’s dissatisfaction is indicated in a direct conversation .
Often the GP is not aware of your dissatisfaction .
If your doctor knows what you are dissatisfied with , he can ensure that things go well in the future .
Respond to the dissatisfaction as soon as possible .
If the matter cannot be resolved quickly , request a call .
If necessary , try to put the complaint on paper briefly and forcefully in advance and hand it over to the doctor .
Taking the Legal help is the best choice here .
A personal consultation can be useful here .
Al - Awlaki , the Translator of Jihad How Influential Is Yemen 's Mystery Man ?
Yemen is not only home to a deadly al - Qaida group , but also to influential Muslim preacher Anwar al - Awlaki , who had contacts with two of the 9/11 attackers and the Fort Hood killer .
But can the US - born imam be persuaded to distance himself from al - Qaida ?
Yassin Musharbash , Volkhard Windfuhr und Bernhard Zand Von
Three months after covering South African exolinguistics , I have now seen District 9 – with audio description using a headset that actually worked , unlike at Brüno .
The description track interfered with linguistic evaluation from time to time , as in the frequent case of listening to non-English speech and English description speech and reading English subtitles all at once .
Nonetheless , with a week and a half to ruminate , I actually have the chance to put my linguistics degree to use for the second time in a single year .
Almost a new record .
No credits
First of all , I looked , I listened , I Googled , but I fail to see any credit given to the creators of the alien language .
It could be worse :
They could have called up a nerd at a second - rate captioning house and asked him to think up something that matched English mouth movements .
( That really is how Klingon came into being . )
The lazy sound designer ’s choice : Clicks
I have not read any mention of the fact that the alien language uses creaky voice , actually quite a common feature in human language .
We even use it in English for a kind of emphasis from time to time .
But it ’s been well noted in reviews that the aliens , whose species does not even merit a name , employ clicks in their language .
Clicks are the go - to symbol of foreignness for anglo , and especially American , screenwriters .
Even the Tenctonese on Alien Nation used clicks ( actually just the alveolar click , though Americans can easily make the lateral click ) .
They were scattered amid a language delivered in atrocious Hollywood accents .
At root , white people , accustomed to their own noble and mellifluous languages and centuries of intellectual and technical progress , simply cannot imagine how primitive , illiterate , often nomadic African tribes came up with sounds this complex .
Nobody else knows either .
We were n’t around when the sounds were invented .
If clicks made Tenctonese seem like aliens to California , then clicks merely make District 9 aliens fit right into Africa .
Apart from one tribe in Oz , there is no other place that uses click consonants .
Boy , did they ever pick the right spot to “ land . ”
The film falls into the trap of viewing clicks as exotic or savage when it fails to subtitle a Nigerian gangster ’s click - filled utterance .
But African Languages , Development and the State by Fardon and Furniss mentions that click or Khoisan language groupings are the only African groupings not represented in a country with 500 spoken languages .
Checking through the Ethnologue lists for Nigeria and South Africa , I find no language in common that uses clicks .
I stand to be corrected on this , but that actor was speaking a non-Nigerian language .
But the fact he was n’t given the courtesy of subtitles means we ( or at least hearing people ) are expected to find him foreign , bizarre , incomprehensible .
A rationally developed alien language in a feature film would do something nonobvious .
It would show at least the degree of creativity Okrent depicts in the formation of artificial human languages .
And unlike Klingon , whose phonology is a joke , all the action would take place at the grammatical level .
Even something as simple as object - subject - verb word order would be a good place to start .
Instead , District 9 commits the classic Hollywood dodge of dressing up Toronto as New York on the assumption that surface appearance will easily fool us .
An alien language has to do more than sound weird .
Anyway , movie languages recapitulate other movie languages .
If the aliens sound vaguely familiar , it ’s because the creature they most vocally resemble is R2 - D2 .
Mock childish grammar
As subtitled , the child ( not actually “ son ” ) of “ Christopher Jones ” tends toward invariant non-past tense , exactly like Gilda Radner ’s character of the foreign maid : “ I clean up , OK ? ”
The writers are n’t consistent in this respect .
I gather this was an attempt to show an incomplete knowledge of its native language .
If so , this could have been much better realized by mapping alien overregularization errors onto known similar errors in English ( “ I falled down , ” “ mans ” ) .
This would then have to be fully localized in subtitled foreign - language versions .
I guess it was just easier to make the kid sound like somebody fresh out of Ellis Island .
Slave names
Similarly , a detail reviewers seem to have missed is that every resident is assigned a faux English name .
( Wikus looks down to check for Christopher ’s name on the associated form .
The name ’s later usage does n’t come out of nowhere . )
They did the same thing on Alien Nation , but staff at the presumed Ellis Island of the future got bored in short order and started assigning Tenctonese names like Abraham Lincoln and Groucho Marx .
( I ’m just going from memory .
Those might not be real examples .
But Sam Francisco was a real example . )
If South Africa has eleven official languages , why are aliens assigned purely English names ?
Even the hero of the story does n’t have one of those .
Chewbacca–Solo mutual comprehension
It is almost tiresome to encounter yet another example of two alien species that cannot articulate each other ’s language but understand each other perfectly anyway .
Think of Han Solo and Chewbacca dodging Tie-fighters .
Of course people do that all the time , but we are n’t dealing with “ people . ”
It ’s especially egregious with idioms like “ suicide mission ” or “ mothership ” or Earth concepts like “ 24 hours . ”
It beggars imagination that one species could hear the entire frequency range of the other ’s vocal output .
Since the aliens conveniently have a broadly humanoid body type , with articulated arms and digits on hands , it seems more likely that the two species would develop a pidgin sign language .
Either humans would use only three fingers or they ’d use all five and it would just be the human dialect , which the aliens could reasonably understand .
( For limited periods , you can more or less make yourself understood without using fingers if you and your friend both speak the language .
The same phenomenon would happen in miniature here . )
If aliens have been here for nearly three decades , how many years did it take for one species to learn the other ’s language ?
( What was the Rosetta stone – the mothership , its components , its materials ? )
If , at year 28 , grown men can understand alien speech , does this not suggest that some human children have native competency in the language ?
( They do n’t have to produce it to be “ fluent . ”
Children with severe cerebral palsy , when finally given a means to communicate , produce grammatically correct sentences .
Some cultures ban children from speaking until a certain initiation rite , where speech comes out as expected .
There will be exceptions to both examples , of course , but all that human children require is exposure to language . )
It seems apparent that Christopher ’s child natively understands English .
Or they could have used machine translation of some kind , though possibly with Mars Attacks –like results .
Writing system
I had previously complained about a seriously half - assed alien writing system , a mere cipher made up of Ogham - or cuneiform - like scratch marks .
Straight lines and harsh angles look “ spacey ” and “ futuristic ” to nerds , despite having always been with us .
Watch the heads - up displays and haptic interfaces carefully ; I did and I did n’t see any written alien language .
It was used inside bugs in the pretend TV - news coverage – rather odd considering all the onscreen type in those segments ( also the subtitles ) was straight - up English atrociously “ typeset ” in Arial .
( Really , I know they cut these things on Macs , but Macs have better fonts . )
Hence , are the legal notices Wikus shoves at the mandibular paps of the aliens written in their language or English ?
I assume the latter , because the aliens are merely asked to make their mark or their “ smear ” to agree to the terms .
If someone hands you a contract written in Japanese and you sign your name in English , have you agreed to that contract ?
If aliens can magically understand spoken English , can they also read it ?
We are led to think so , as one of the two aliens shown with intelligent - seeming eyes , Christopher , does an obvious eye saccade across printed text and says “ This is n’t legal . ”
( If they have alien brains and eyes and visual cortices , could n’t they read an entire page the instant they see it ?
Why laboriously scan line by line like a lowly human ? )
Metamorphosis
If Wikus metamorphoses fully into alien form ( note his uniquely colourful crinkles and skin ; he ’s one of a kind ) , did he acquire native fluency in the alien language ?
( Do we actually know it has to be learned by this species , or is it built into the brain ’s physiology ? )
Can he still think in English and Afrikaans , or produce them if given a keyboard or pen he can manipulate ?
Marginalizing the oppressors
White academics in D9 tend to speak in the near - British South African English dialect that , as in Australia , connotes high education and good breeding .
( The twangier you are , the more native you are .
And what educated person would want that ? )
All the whites at MNU , including Wikus , speak Afrikaans - accented English .
But it ’s English all the same .
Surely when the cameras are n’t there , as officially happens between the bookends of the documentary segments at the opening and closing of the picture , these Afrikaners would naturally fall back to their own language .
I ’m not one of these people , but here ’s how a paranoid Afrikaner nationalist would look at it .
District 9 tells
Afrikaners we ’ll let you star in our feature film – the one that daringly situates aliens inside a near - Soweto or District 6 manqué .
But our daring ends there .
You can keep your own name ( we wo n’t do a Christopher Jones on you ) , but you have to talk to us in the language of the white people who sold your country out .
First “ de bleks ” stole the country “ back ” ; now somebody finally shoots a movie that ’s set in the future and the other white people are still beating you down .
Again , this is a paranoid reading , but so are many readings of District 9 .
In all seriousness , it treats Afrikaans speakers unfairly .
It says they do n’t exist .
A failure of the imagination is all it could ever be
I stand by my previous posting : Nobody has ever done “ alien languages ” better than Tolkien .
But he was n’t creating alien languages .
His languages were spoken by variant humans who inhabited a variant Earth .
His characters were magical foreigners , not things from another world .
Alien languages are so hard we blow it every time .
We keep doing that for the same reason we do not know life after death .
The human brain , once extinguished , cannot report on itself .
The human brain has a linguistic function built right in , but its function is to create human language .
It is the only language we can create .
It was always thus and likely ever will be thus .
Even if we augment the brain with artificial computers , those computers will still have been formed by the human mind .
The reason we cannot create true or believable alien languages , that is , completely alien and incomprehensible languages , is the same reason we cannot produce or understand the languages of elephants , dolphins , and whales .
( Of course they ’re talking to each other . )
We cannot originate the language of another species because we are our own species .
We can not conceive of what we cannot conceive .
More Union Members now Work for Governments than for Businesses
Ohio carries out first US execution by single injection
Kenneth Biros was convicted of a murder carried out in 1991 Ohio has become the first US state to carry out an execution with a single - drug injection instead of the usual combination of three drugs .
Kenneth Biros , 51 , was put to death after the US Supreme Court denied his final appeal .
Biros had been convicted of the murder of a 22 - year - old woman in 1991 .
The new method was introduced because of concerns that prisoners could suffer extreme pain if the first of the usual three drugs failed to work effectively .
Critics say the method - which uses a dose of thiopental sodium and can take twice as long to take effect - is human experimentation .
US justice officials deny this .
' Experimental use ' Biros was pronounced dead about 10 minutes after the injection was administered , the Associated Press news agency reports .
On average , death took seven minutes under the previous method in Ohio .
The total process of Biros ' execution lasted for about 43 minutes , AP said , adding that the execution team took about 30 minutes to find a suitable vein for the insertion of the needle .
The change of approach follows a failed attempt to execute a prisoner in Ohio in September , when officials struggled for two hours to try to find a suitable vein into which to inject the drugs .
All executions were put on hold while another method was sought .
LETHAL INJECTION
Used in all 36 death penalty states in the US Three - in - one injection contains an anaesthetic , muscle paralyser and a heart stopper
The new injection contains a large dose of anaesthetic alone
Lethal injection choice on trial The Ohio Department of Rehabilitation and Correction had estimated that it would take 15 to 30 minutes for prisoners to die using the new method , but also that it would be less painful .
Officials rejected suggestions that the technique was experimental , noting its widespread use as an anaesthetic .
" It 's not an experiment drug , it 's used in existing protocol and it's used in hospitals all across this nation and in the world , " Terry Collins said .
Other states which have the death penalty were reported to be watching closely but some - including Florida , Kentucky , Texas and Virginia - have said they intend to keep the triple - drug method .
Of the 36 death penalty states which have lethal injection as a means of execution , all but Ohio favour the three - drug method .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Sometimes an idea is so blindingly , obviously good that you have to wonder why it has n’t already been implemented .
A few years ago , the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) had an idea like that .
Why not create a free , public , online archive of findings from research studies that were funded by Americans ' tax dollars ?
That way , members of the public could keep up to date on the latest health findings by reading about discoveries that they paid for and would otherwise be unable to access .
To ensure academic publishers could recoup any investment made by publishing research in traditional print journals , scientists could wait 12 months before making the research available to the public , but no more .
The policy was voluntary at first , then made mandatory — much to the consternation of commercial science publishers .
( Make no mistake — scholarly publishing is a significant profit center , for publishers if not authors .
For example , a subscription to Brain Research , the leading neuroscience journal , can cost a library over $ 23,000 .
Much of that is pure profit , as authors provide the content free of charge .
)
When Rep. John Conyers introduced legislation to end the policy earlier this year , public criticism and a wave of protest helped stop the bill in its tracks .
Now the Obama Administration ( specifically , the Office of Science and Technology Policy , or OSTP ) is considering extending the policy to other federal agencies that fund academic research .
For example , the National Science Foundation spends $ 6 billion a year supporting basic research in America 's colleges and universities .
If the fruits of that research were publicly accessible online , the taxpayers who actually paid for it could read and use it in new and interesting ways , just as patients and their families have used the newly accessible NIH - sponsored medical studies to help make informed medical decisions .
Scholars and entrepreneurs could also access the research , promoting innovation in science and technology .
Moreover , creating a publicly available research archive is simply fair .
Your tax dollars paid for this research ; you should have a chance to actually see those dollars at work .
Now , the public has an opportunity to show support for this innovative , common sense idea .
Since December , the OSTP has been hosting an involved discussion on their blog , asking for input on every angle of public access , including which federal agencies should adopt public access policies , which file formats could help solve compliance and archival issues , and what the ongoing role of the government should be .
The OSTP was originally going to close the comment period on January 7 , but the moderators have decided to keep it open until January 14 in light of the holiday season 's effect on the ability of the public to comment .
If you care about the availability of research and want the government to implement a policy that 's good for innovation , consider contributing to the great discussion taking place on the OSTP blog .
You can find the complete collection of public access policy blog posts here , and the most recent call for comments here .
Even though commercial publishers do n't like it , public access policies are an obvious way to maximize the usefulness of scientific research that taxpayers pay for .
Head to the OSTP blog and share some ideas for how it should be done .
Note : Preliminary analysis suggests that about 60 % of people who try Scientology do only a single course or service , that 80 % of new members become inactive within 2 years , and that 65 % of those who reach the level of Clear become inactive within a year after doing so .
The older a list , the more likely that a person listed on it is no longer involved in Scientology .
Please read About These Lists for more information .
Mike Meyers in Scientology 's Published Service Completion Lists
The following 1 individual completions for Mike Meyers appear in official Scientology publications :
Mike Meyers HAPPINESS RUNDOWN Celebrity 339 2002-06-01
Note :
The dates listed above are the approximate publication dates of the magazines , which may be weeks or months later than the actual date the service was completed .
Mike Meyers in Scientology 's Publications
No entries were found in my main Scientology Statistics database for this person .
Mike Meyers and the Clear List
No entries were found in my Scientology Statistics Project Clear List database for this person .
Mike Meyers and Scientologist Online Sites
My database does not list a Scientologist Online cookie - cutter web site for this person .
Mike Meyers and WISE Directories
WISE , the World Institute of Scientology Enterprises , publishes directories listing their members .
My database does not list this person in the WISE directories in my archives .
The information on this page comes from my Scientology Statistics database .
While I attempt to be as accurate as possible , errors or inaccuracies may be introduced by the source material , the transcription process , or database bugs .
If you discover an error or problem , please let me know by writing to kristi@truthaboutscientology.com .
Sir Alex Ferguson said Michael
Owen remains one of the world 's most dangerous strikers after a hat - trick by his summer signing gave an injury - ravaged Manchester United an unlikely 3 - 1 Champions League win at Wolfsburg last night .
Owen has experienced a slow - burn beginning to his United career since arriving from Newcastle but his goals against the German champions afforded a defensively makeshift team a victory which ensured they finished top of their group .
" Michael Owen is one of the very best strikers around in terms of his positional play and finishing , " said United 's manager on an evening when the striker may have reignited his hopes of reviving his England career in South Africa next June .
With Wayne Rooney and Dimitar Berbatov sidelined by injury , Owen , overlooked by Fabio Capello , was afforded a rare start by his club .
Asked if he had staked a claim to begin games on a more regular basis , Ferguson said : " Absolutely .
The real evidence of ability is always found on the football field and Michael has given us plenty of that tonight .
" Michael has improved steadily in training since joining us but , in some games recently , we 've chosen to play just one central striker .
We had a different system featuring two strikers tonight , Michael 's proved his worth in it and we 're delighted . "
Owen played down his display .
" Me getting three goals will probably grab the headlines but it was a great team performance , " he said .
" I was playing deep with us having so many players out and we were trying to protect the [ defence ] . "
Owen relieved the pressure on a back three comprising Darren Fletcher , Michael Carrick and Patrice Evra , the latter being Ferguson 's sole fit recognised defender .
" I was very pleased with the defence , " said Ferguson , who was linked last night with a shock move for the former England defender Sol Campbell , a free agent after settling a contract dispute with Notts County but unlikely to be able to play again until the transfer window opens .
" Obviously changing the system was a risk but Wolfsburg 's strikers , Edin Dzeko and Grafite are very imposing and I thought three centre - backs would give us a better than normal chance against them .
There was pressure on Wolfsburg to get something and that meant we could be patient .
They missed two good first - half opportunities from two headers and it would have been difficult for us if they 'd taken the lead but we caught them on the counter - attack . "
Ferguson has never been a 3 - 5 - 2 man but Carrick 's display in an unaccustomed sweeping role will have given him – and possibly even Capello – food for thought .
Admittedly he was fortunate not to concede a penalty but , rather like Glenn Hoddle and Ruud Gullit , it is not impossible that the elegant midfielder could yet end his career reinvented as a libero .
If United rode their luck at times , fortune similarly smiled on their manager in terms of the medical bulletins from home .
Ferguson confirmed there was good news from the treatment room before Saturday 's Premier League game against Aston Villa . " [ Nemanja ]
Vidic should be fit , Ryan Giggs will be fine and we expect Rooney to be back , " said Ferguson .
" I hope I can start with a back four of Fletcher , Vidic , Carrick and Evra . "
Among the teams United could face are Bayern Munich , who won 4 - 1 at Juventus to finish second to Bordeaux in Group A , and Milan , runners - up to Real Madrid in Group C. " It 's great being top so we play at home second , " Owen said .
" But I 'm not going to lie , you want as weak a side as possible .
[ But ] if a team has got to first or second in the Champions League , there are no weak sides , although you obviously want to avoid the big boys . "
Wolfsburg finished third in the group but second - placed CSKA Moscow could be thrown out of the Champions League after Uefa said two of their players , Sergei Ignashevich and Alexei Berezutsky , tested positive for a banned substance after the match at Old Trafford on 3 November .
The pair were suspended from last night 's win at Besiktas and their case is due to be heard by a Uefa disciplinary committee on 17 December .
CSKA said the pair had been the victims of a procedural error by the club 's medical staff , who failed to inform Uefa they were on cold medicine .
The drug taken had not been on a prohibited list but still needed to be disclosed .
Yesterday POLITICO reported that , before it even becomes law , opponents of health care reform – including former House Speaker Newt Gingrich – are already talking about repealing it .
Certainly there is a fundamental disagreement here , since many opponents of reform – again including Gingrich – appear to think that insurance companies can do no wrong .
First , it does seem like another example of opposition at any cost to want to repeal a law before its even enacted .
Second , everyone should be very clear what is being called for here .
At a time when insurance companies are finally about to be reined in , and when American families are finally about to be given control over their own health care , opponents of reform are advocating that insurance companies once again be allowed to run wild .
Specifically , if they have their way .
Insurance companies will once again be able to deny coverage to anyone with a pre-existing condition like diabetes , high blood pressure or asthma .
Insurance companies will once again be able to drop coverage when you get sick and need it most .
Insurance companies will once again be able to impose annual or lifetime caps on coverage and charge unlimited out - of - pocket expenses .
And here are some of the benefits that these opponents of reform would want to overturn :
Make preventive care completely free – with no co-payments or deductibles .
Provide tax credits to help small businesses and hard - working families afford quality coverage .
Create a new insurance exchange – essentially a marketplace – where individuals and small businesses can compare cost and quality and shop for the plan that is right for them .
We ’ve said it before here , but I ’ll say it again : for President Obama , this is n’t about him or about the Democratic Party .
It ’s about solving a problem that we ’ve talked about for decades – a crisis that is bankrupting American families , putting American companies out of business , and exploding our national deficit .
Dan Pfeiffer is White House Communications Director
LEXINGTON , Ky. , Jan. 14 ( UPI ) --
A bill requiring doctors to show ultrasound images of their fetuses to all women seeking abortions advanced Thursday in the Kentucky Legislature .
A Senate committee approved Senate 38 unanimously , The ( Louisville ) Courier - Journal reported .
That allows it to go to the Senate floor for a vote .
Advertisement
In the past , bills attempting to reduce the number of abortions in Kentucky have stalled in the House after passing the Senate .
Republican state Sen. Elizabeth
Tori said the bill goes further than a similar one she sponsored last year .
The current measure requires doctors to explain the details of the ultrasound to women , including showing them how many fetuses are involved and pointing out visible body parts such as arms and legs .
Robert Castagna , executive director of the Catholic Conference of Kentucky , called abortion a " life - changing and life - ending procedure . "
" Good public policy demands that before a woman gives truly informed consent and allows an irreversible procedure to be performed on herself and her unborn child , she should be fully informed by the most complete and current information , " he said .
Silence has long shrouded the men and women who die in the nation ’s immigration jails .
For years , they went uncounted and unnamed in the public record .
Even in 2008 , when The New York Times obtained and published a federal government list of such deaths , few facts were available about who these people were and how they died .
But behind the scenes , it is now clear , the deaths had already generated thousands of pages of government documents , including scathing investigative reports that were kept under wraps , and a trail of confidential memos and BlackBerry messages that show officials working to stymie outside inquiry .
The documents , obtained over recent months by The Times and the American Civil Liberties Union under the Freedom of Information Act , concern most of the 107 deaths in detention counted by Immigration and Customs Enforcement since October 2003 , after the agency was created within the Department of Homeland Security .
The Obama administration has vowed to overhaul immigration detention , a haphazard network of privately run jails , federal centers and county cells where the government holds noncitizens while it tries to deport them .
An Israeli -American lawyer who worked as an FBI linguist pleaded guilty Thursday to providing an unidentified blogger with classified documents derived from U.S. communications intelligence .
Shamai Kedem Leibowitz , 39 , of Silver Spring , Maryland , pleaded to one felony count of disclosing to an unauthorized party five documents that were classified " secret " that he obtained through his work with the FBI .
Leibowitz leaked the documents to the unnamed blogger in April 2009 .
The blogger – identified as " Recipient A " in court filings – then wrote a post based on the classified documents .
" As a trusted member of the FBI ranks , Leibowitz abused the trust of the FBI and the American public by using his access to classified information for his own purposes , " said the FBI special agent in charge , Richard A. McFeely , in a press release .
The government does not allege that Leibowitz was paid for the documents .
He pleaded guilty to violating a law prohibiting the unauthorized disclosure of classified information about " communication intelligence activities " – i.e. , electronic spying .
Leibowitz , who holds dual citizenship , was employed as a contract Hebrew linguist for the FBI for only about three months before he leaked the documents .
He worked in an FBI office in Calverton , Maryland , beginning in January 2009 , and held a top - secret security clearance .
As such , he had access to classified documents and information relating to the communication intelligence activities of the United States , according to the Justice Department press release .
According to the Associated Press , Leibowitz is the grandson of Yeshayahu Leibowitz , a famous and well - respected philosopher , scientist and Torah scholar in Israel who died in 1994 .
The elder Leibowitz was recognized by some as the conscience of Israel for his controversial opposition to Israel 's occupation of the Palestinian territories .
His grandson continued along that path of controversy by working as a peace activist and helping to defend Marwan Barghouti , a Palestinian who was charged with murder and terrorism .
Laura Rozen , writing for Politico , speculates that the documents Leibowitz leaked might have been related to the NSA 's surveillance of U.S. citizens , and points to this New York Times story from April 2009 .
Threat Level thinks it 's more likely Leibowitz was behind the leaked news that Representative Jane Harman had allegedly been caught on an NSA wiretap engaging in a quid - pro-quo conversation with an Israeli agent .
That information was published in April by Jeff Stein , a writer for Congressional Quarterly , on his SpyTalk blog , which was mirrored at CQ Homeland Security .
Stein told Threat Level he never comments on sources .
Leibowitz 's attorney , Cary Feldman , was unavailable for comment .
A representative for the U.S. attorney 's office in Maryland said there 's no public information on the identity of the blogger who received the information .
The translator 's plea agreement with prosecutors stipulates a sentence of 20 months in prison , and allows him to withdraw his guilty plea if his sentencing judge hands him a longer term .
See also :
Massive TSA Security Breach As Agency Gives Away Its Secrets
Online posting reveals a " how to " for terrorists to fool airport security .
Dec. 8 , 2009  --
In a massive security breach , the Transportation Security Administration ( TSA ) inadvertently posted online its airport screening procedures manual , including some of the most closely guarded secrets regarding special rules for diplomats and CIA and law enforcement officers .
The most sensitive parts of the 93 - page Standard Operating Procedures manual were apparently redacted in a way that computer savvy individuals easily overcame .
The document shows sample CIA , Congressional and law enforcement credentials which experts say would make it easy for terrorists to duplicate .
The improperly redacted areas indicate that only 20 percent of checked bags are to be hand searched for explosives and reveal in detail the limitations of x-ray screening machines .
" This is an appalling and astounding breach of security that terrorists could easily exploit , " said Clark Kent Ervin , the former inspector general at the Department of Homeland Security .
" The TSA should immediately convene an internal investigation and discipline those responsible . "
" This shocking breach undercuts the public 's confidence in the security procedures at our airports , " said Senator Susan Collins , R - Me. , ranking Republican member of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee .
" On the day before the Senate Homeland Security Committee 's hearing on terrorist travel , it is alarming to learn that the Transportation Security Administration ( TSA ) inadvertently posted its own security manual on the Internet . "
" This manual provides a road map to those who would do us harm , " said Collins .
" The detailed information could help terrorists evade airport security measures . "
Collins said she intended to ask the Department of Homeland Security how the breach happened , and " how it will remedy the damage that has already been done . "
TSA Document Leaked Online
A TSA spokesperson says the document posted online is an outdated version " improperly posted by the agency to the Federal Business Opportunities Web site wherein redacted material was not properly protected . "
The TSA requested the document be taken offline , but by then it had spread around the Internet and is still available today .
The document contains a list of items for which screening is not required including wheelchairs , footwear of disabled individuals , casts and orthopedic shoes .
The redacted portions also indicate which law enforcement personnel are specially screened or exempt from some screening procedures , and indicate what requirements they must meet to be eligible for special screening .
TSA screeners are also told to require extra screening for any passenger whose passport was issued by Cuba , Iran , North Korea , Libya , Syria , Sudan , Afghanistan , Lebanon , Somalia , Iraq , Yemen or Algeria .
The document also reveals that during peak travel times , TSA screeners who check identification can reduce from 100 percent to 25 percent the times they use black lights to authenticate documents .
" Screening is like a big puzzle and this SOP gives you directions on putting the puzzle together , " said Robert MacLean , a former Federal Air Marshal who was fired for revealing holes in TSA 's security after the 9/11 attacks .
MacLean added that TSA 's assertion that the documents posted are old holds no merit .
" How much in screening procedure changes in 17 months ? " asked MacLean .
" It 's a one - dimensional process . "
The TSA says it is taking the release of the sensitive information " seriously " and is conducting a full review .
" TSA has many layers of security to keep the traveling public safe and to constantly adapt to evolving threats , " the agency said in a statement .
" TSA is confident that screening procedures currently in place remain strong . "
The document also provides a glimpse of the special treatment available for governors , lieutenant governors and the mayor of Washington , D.C. , as well as their spouses and family and staff .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
BOSTON BAR , B.C. –The way Lloyd Forman sees it , his 11 - year - old grandson was saved by an Angel .
That 's the retriever who protected young Austin from a charging cougar during a bloody , against - all - odds confrontation Saturday in the tiny British Columbia community of Boston Bar , about 200 kilometres northeast of Vancouver .
" The cougar came ( from ) about five feet away and made a big jump ( at Austin ) , " Forman said Sunday in an interview .
" The dog jumped in between and took on the cougar . "
Austin was in his family 's backyard collecting firewood with his dog when the cougar appeared .
The cougar charged toward the boy , but Angel stepped in and fought off the large cat , which is also known as a puma , while Austin ran inside and other family members frantically called for help .
Forman , 72 , was sitting down to a bowl of homemade borscht soup when the telephone rang .
It was the boy 's mother .
" They phoned here ; the cougar was eating the dog alive , they figured .
I said , ` Phone 911 , ' " Forman recalled .
" Fortunately , he ( the nearest RCMP officer ) was a minute away . "
When the officer arrived , the cougar had Angel under the porch with its teeth around the dog 's neck .
The Mountie fired several shots , killing the cougar .
The dog was injured , but is expected to recover .
Austin was n't hurt .
Austin's father , Jay Forman , was on his way to work when he stopped by his own father 's house and learned of the attack .
He rushed home and arrived soon after the Mountie killed the cougar .
" He ( Austin ) is doing pretty good – he 's shaken up a bit , " he said .
" I think he 's slowly getting over the fact that he was just about mauled by the cougar , and very grateful his dog took the hit . "
He said the family 's 18 - month - old dog is usually quite playful and always running about , but earlier in the day it was quietly following Austin around and making strange noises .
In hindsight , the family thinks the dog knew the other animal was near .
" She 's very smart – just incredible , " he said .
" She 's still a pup .
It is truly amazing that she jumped in front of that cat to save the boy 's life . "
Police distributed a photograph of the dog , standing in the snow but covered in blood .
A photo of the cougar shows the bloodied animal lifeless , lying on its back .
Sgt. Peter Thiessen of the RCMP said there 's no question Austin 's encounter with the cougar would have been a lot worse had it not been for his dog .
" The boy was in severe risk , " said Thiessen .
" That cougar was advancing aggressively to both of them , and the dog intervened and got between the animal and the young child and the risk was extremely high . "
Thiessen said conservation officials will look into what happened and why the cougar came so close to people .
He said it 's uncommon – but not unheard of – for cougars to go after people .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" We have seen cougar attacks in the lower part of British Columbia , " he said .
" It 's not something that 's common , but it is something that has occurred . "
Read more about :
So far , we ’ve offered growers with gentle guidelines to clear their veggie landscapes of undesirable »
It happens more often than you ’d like : your water hose basically no longer does the »
There are so many different ways to garden that it would be hard to even »
Recent Posts »
Complete Wastewater Projects the Right Way Wastewater treatment facilities and contractors work hard to complete projects .
The mechanics and processes behind waste management are no easy feat .
Quality machinery is necessary , but not always available .
Fortunately , rental services can give Read More »
3 Key Tips for Improving Your Home ’s Curb Appeal Looking to add some curb appeal to your home ?
Improving curb appeal not only makes your home more valuable , it also shows that you take pride in your home .
Follow these three tips if Read More »
How to Avoid Injuries When Moving
When you pack up your entire life and move , there is a lot to plan for .
One area that many people neglect is how they plan to avoid injuries during the big move .
Considering Read More »
5 Ways to Make Your Old Home Look New
If your older home has started to show its age , you may be looking for ways to modernize it and make it look like new .
The best part is that upgrades do n’t have to Read More »
Three Ways to Upgrade Your Yard Plenty of people mow their lawns and not much else .
If you ’re lucky , they might pop in a few trees or a flower bed .
If you ’re interested in breaking up your yard doldrums , here Read More »
3 Home Repairs You Need To Stop Avoiding Being a homeowner is rewarding , fun and sometimes expensive .
Gone are the days of being a renter , when you could call your landlord every time there was a problem .
Now , the responsibility falls on Read More »
How To Deep Clean Your House Keeping up with around the house can be overwhelming .
If you struggle with having a plan to keep your home spotless , continue reading .
Here are a few recommendations on how to deep clean your Read More »
Tips for Getting Your Home Ready for Summer Summer is approaching quickly .
While you might be ready for the warmer weather and more time outdoors , is your home ready , too ?
Here are three tips to help you get your home ready for Read More »
Summer Lawn Care Tips
The summer heat can wreak havoc on your lawn if you do n’t take the proper precautions .
Unlike in the cooler months , you ’ll need to give your yard some extra care and attention .
Here are Read More »
Apple Tablet rumors have exploded in the past few days with reports suggesting that Apple may introduce the device as early as January .
A New York Times Blog post by Nick Bilton adds a few tantalizing tidbits about the upcoming device .
As we 've known , Bilton reports that Apple has been working on a tablet on - and - off for many years but never felt to be good enough to go to market .
Some of the previous technology had already been adapted for the iPhone launch .
It seems , however , that Apple has finally gotten the tablet to the point to launch to the market , and according to a current senior employee at Apple , Steve Jobs is said to be " extremely happy with the new tablet . "
Furthermore , another source told Bilton , " You will be very surprised how you interact with the new tablet . "
No other details are offered as to what this interaction might be .
Apple , of course , holds many patents on multi - touch technology and has been expected to apply it to their upcoming tablet .
Implementing more advanced gestures have been considered possible , though we 're not sure if this would be considered a surprising interaction .
You know the one .
I can't think of its name .
It 's the one they always useWhen the vikings are killing everyone in slow motion O Fortuna From Carmina Burana by Carl OrffWhen it's a beautiful sunrise on the farmWhen everybody runs around on the Benny Hill ShowWhen the other vikings are killing everyone in slow motionWagner - Die Walküre : " The Ride of the Valkyries " ( Boulez ) When Howard Stern wants to stereotype ItaliansWhen a beautiful woman enters the scene and it's the 1980 'sYello - Oh Yeah ( 1985 ) When Howard Stern wants to stereotype Chinese people ??
( I still want to know the name of the song )
So what are the songs I missed ?
And what are some other songs ?
You know the ones .
They 're the ones they always play ...
WASHINGTON — Outside political organizations will play a larger role in the 2010 midterm congressional elections after a decision by the U.S. Supreme Court Thursday to strike down elements of the McCain - Feingold campaign - finance law .
" There will be a lot more groups advocating for and against candidates , " said Cleta Mitchell , a lawyer with Foley & Lardner who advices outside political organizations .
" It rips the duct tape off the mouths of the American people . "
The Supreme Court decision stripped away rules that limited the ability of corporations , unions and other organizations to fund and organize their own political campaigns for or against candidates .
The court also struck down a part of the McCain - Feingold campaign - finance law that prevented any independent political group from running advertisements with 30 days of a primary election or 60 days before a general election .
Together , the decisions make it easier for corporations , labor unions and other entities to mount political campaigns for and against candidates for Congress and the White House .
The Supreme Court decision is the latest in a string of judicial rulings that have chipped away at federal limits on the political activity of outside groups in elections .
Last year , a federal court overturned rules imposed by the Federal Election Commission that made it more difficult for outside political groups to raise money for political advertisements .
Shenandoah , Pennsylvania ( CNN ) --
The Pennsylvania prosecutor who failed to secure felony convictions against two teens in the beating death of a Mexican immigrant says he thought his case was " compromised " from the start .
Like many residents in the small , tight - knit eastern Pennsylvanian community of Shenandoah , Schuylkill County District Attorney James Goodman knew that an officer investigating the death of Luis Ramirez was in a relationship with the mother of one the teens involved .
Goodman also believed the investigation and evidence had n't been handled as it should have been .
" They did n't interview the perpetrators , the boys .
In fact , not only did they not interview them , they picked them up , gave them rides , helped them concoct stories , brought them back and told the boys what to say , " Goodman told CNN .
The son of Shenandoah Police Lt. William
Moyer also played on the same football team as the teens who were involved in the July 2008 street brawl , according to court documents .
Read excerpt from " Latino in America "
" It 's clear they were trying to help these boys out , for whatever reason -- they were football players , these police officers were trying to help these boys out and limit their involvement in the death of Luis Ramirez . "
Early on , Goodman says his office reached out to the U.S. Attorney 's Office with his concerns .
Their investigation led to a federal indictment alleging that the teens , Brandon Piekarsky and Derrick Donchak , participated in a scheme to obstruct the investigation with the help of Moyer , Shenandoah Police Chief Matthew Nestor and Police Officer Jason Hayes , who was dating Piekarsky 's mother .
Moyer , Nestor and Hayes pleaded not guilty in U.S. District Court in Scranton on Tuesday .
Moyer and Hayes were released ; Nestor is being held under a magistrate 's order , his lawyer , Patrick M. Rogan said .
" The situation is very tragic in many ways and too many families and I 'm not in any way taking the attention away from what happened to the Ramirez family , " Rogan said .
" But I believe that after a full airing of the case and the situation that my client will be fully exonerated . "
Piekarsky and Donchak are also charged with a federal hate crime for fatally beating Ramirez allegedly because of his race .
The two are serving prison sentences after a Schuylkill County jury found them guilty in May of misdemeanor simple assault in Ramirez 's death .
They were acquitted of felony charges of ethnic intimidation , a hate crime according to Pennsylvania law , and hindering apprehension .
Piekarsky , who was accused of delivering the fatal kick to Ramirez 's head while he was on the ground , also was found not guilty of third - degree homicide .
Anticipating the potential jury verdict , Goodman says his office considered a plea deal .
" We knew there were problems with the evidence , with what the police did , with the reports that were generated , " he said .
" We knew our case was compromised and we knew we did n't have the strongest case going forward and that 's why we entertained the plea deal . "
The plea deal never panned out , but Goodman says he does not fault the jury for reaching its verdict .
" With the evidence , the police , what they did , we do n't get to pick our evidence either and you 've got to play the hand you 're dealt , " he said .
" We respect their verdict and now the federal system has spoken and we 'll see what happens there . "
The federal indictment alleges that , shortly after the July 12 , 2008 fight , Piekarsky went with Hayes and Moyer to the scene of the assault and told them about it .
After talking with them , the indictment says Piekarsky went to Donchak 's home and made an agreement with Donchak and others , including two of the alleged participants " to give a false account of the assault on L.R. [ Luiz Ramirez ] to authorities in official statements , " the indictment says .
Prior to leaving the home , the young men " created a false version of events to be incorporated in official police reports which omitted references to Brandon Piekarsky kicking L.R. and to the racial motivation for the assault , " the indictment alleges .
Moyer is accused of instructing the teens to dispose of their shoes ; he is also accused of mischaracterizing witness accounts to minimize Piekarsky 's role .
Hayes and Nestor are accused of creating false and misleading investigative reports , among other allegations , according to the indictment .
Piekarsky 's relationship with the officers and rumors of a cover - up have been circulating among the community ever since Ramirez died after two days on life support .
Ramirez , a 25 - year - old father of two , was living with the mother of his children , a lifelong resident of Shenandoah .
He was walking her sister home the night of July 12 when he encountered Piekarsky , Donchak and several other members of the Shenandoah High School football team , who were leaving a local festival .
Prosecutors alleged that the teens baited Ramirez into the initial confrontation after a night of drinking , hurling racial epithets at the undocumented Mexican immigrant .
After the fight broke up , witnesses said Ramirez came back at the teens .
They beat him so severely that , according to medical testimony , brain tissue oozed out of his skull during surgery at a hospital .
Defense lawyers argued that Ramirez 's death was a street brawl gone wrong that was not motivated by racial bias .
They also suggested that Ramirez was responsible for triggering the second confrontation .
Ramirez 's fiancee , Crystal Dillman , said the indictments bring a measure of hope that justice will finally be served .
" We prayed for this day .
And it finally happened .
It was a gift from God , a Christmas present from God .
It was a long - time coming but it was definitely worth the wait . "
CNN 's Emanuella Grinberg , Soledad O'Brien and Brian Rokus contributed to this report .
Barring freak injury that one should never rule out with this club , it sounds all but certain that Rick DiPietro will get his first NHL start since Jan. 2 , 2009 , either tonight in Dallas or tomorrow in Phoenix .
We 'll find out when the tea leaves are properly examined this morning , or else when the Islanders decide to give it a proper announcement ( Ha ! ) .
What follows are things that have happened since DiPietro 's last NHL start , a loss in Phoenix in which he allowed five goals , saved 28 of 33 ( that 's good for .848 ) , and physically if not verbally told us that something was still wrong :
The U.S. inaugurated a black president ( no , really ! ) , whose first order of business was putting a tourniquet on a financial mess so bad , it might prevent the NHL salary cap from going up next season .
( Perish the thought .
Now sell us your cap problems for cheap . )
Playing for the two blue and orange NHL franchises who dominated the 1980s ( and showed me what hockey at Heaven 's Bourne would be like ) , Dwayne Roloson has gone a combined 40 - 25 - 12 .
He 's also turned 40 , while looking 33 .
Martin Biron has won 19 games , two of them against the Islanders and two of them while playing for them .
" Dexter " awed and stunned fans with its season finale .
" Lost " probably did something , but that show jumped the shark in seasons 2 - 3 , so I do n't know .
( Did that one guy and that one girl ever kiss or something ?
Did the creators change the rules a twelfth and thirteenth time ? )
The Islanders drafted an 18 - year - old # 1 overall , and signed his 26 - year - old family friend .
Each of them has 16 goals and 12 assists in his first 44 games as an Islander , putting them in a three - way tie for the team points lead with ...
Kyle Okposo , who since that DiPietro start has scored 21 of his 27 NHL goals and 35 of his 45 NHL assists .
Frans Nielsen is plus - 11 in that time .
Jay Leno got bumped , started a new show that did n't do so hot , and is now already angling to get his old slot back .
Does Mike Milbury run NBC ?
The Lighthouse Project has gone from idea waiting for Town of Hempstead review to ... wait , no , I 'm just not going there .
Not now .
Josh Bailey , who scored his first NHL goal in DiPietro 's last start , has scored all 16 goals and 17 of his 26 NHL assists .
Former Isles assistant Dan Bylsma was named an NHL coach , and won Sidney Crosby 's first Stanley Cup .
Fellow Islanders alumni Bill Guerin , Ruslan Fedotenko and Miro Satan won that Cup , too .
Doug Weight has played 32 NHL games , scoring 3 goals and 12 assists .
The " King of Pop " died ( curious : is that a title you 'd want ? ) , but anywhere from three to 15 future Islanders were born .
This little site went from somewhere over 2,000 unique visits a month to somewhere over 1,000 a day , at least according to one nebulous version of Web stats .
I 've never mentioned traffic numbers here before and probably wo n't but once a year because I 've never much cared about the traffic of any site I visit , nor the copies printed of a book I read , nor the album sales of music I like .
I just dig what I dig .
But I thought I 'd share because I appreciate all of you , from those who actively contribute to those just lurking along for the ride .
The point is having fun with Islanders hockey .
DiPietro 's pending return -- that sure counts as fun , no ?
News Junkie
January 10 , 2010
KPRC news in Houston recently filmed a secret experiment by law enforcement agencies including the Dept. of Homeland Security of a drone intended to spy on Americans .
The drone uncovered during this investigation are not like the large , expensive models used by the military for targeted strikes on militants half a world away .
These are manufactured by Insitu out of Bingen , Washington ( corporate offices located in Australia ) , only weigh about 40 pounds ( 18.1 kg ) before monitoring equipment is installed .
This model has the capacity to stay airborne for up to a day .
The Houston Police Department responded with the following statement , “ Potential public safety applications include mobility , evacuations , homeland security , search and rescue , as well as tactical . ”
Such benign excuses were also used during the passage of draconian bills such as FISA and the Patriot Act before it was revealed the much more insidious and rampant applications of those tools .
Houston is within the coastal and border zone of America , where two - thirds of the population lives and where constitutional rights are routinely disregarded according to the ACLU , yet this poses the question about whether this is pilot program and the usage of unmanned drones might become a regular policy of law enforcement agencies in surveillance operations .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
From the BNL press release , some serious questions about climate sensitivity and aerosols .
Why Has n’t Earth Warmed as Much as Expected ?
New report on climate change explores the reasons
January 19 , 2010 UPTON , NY – Planet Earth has warmed much less than expected during the industrial era based on current best estimates of Earth ’s “ climate sensitivity ” — the amount of global temperature increase expected in response to a given rise in atmospheric concentrations of carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) .
In a study to be published in the Journal of Climate , a publication of the American Meteorological Society ( the early online release of the paper is available starting 19 January 2010 ; the link is given below ) , Stephen Schwartz , of Brookhaven National Laboratory , and colleagues examine the reasons for this discrepancy .
According to current best estimates of climate sensitivity , the amount of CO 2 and other heat - trapping gases added to Earth ’s atmosphere since humanity began burning fossil fuels on a significant scale during the industrial period would be expected to result in a mean global temperature rise of 3.8 °F — well more than the 1.4 °F increase that has been observed for this time span .
Schwartz ’s analysis attributes the reasons for this discrepancy to a possible mix of two major factors : 1 ) Earth ’s climate may be less sensitive to rising greenhouse gases than currently assumed and / or 2 ) reflection of sunlight by haze particles in the atmosphere may be offsetting some of the expected warming .
“ Because of present uncertainties in climate sensitivity and the enhanced reflectivity of haze particles , ” said Schwartz , “ it is impossible to accurately assign weights to the relative contributions of these two factors .
This has major implications for understanding of Earth ’s climate and how the world will meet its future energy needs . ”
A third possible reason for the lower - than - expected increase of Earth ’s temperature over the industrial period is the slow response of temperature to the warming influence of heat - trapping gases .
“ This is much like the lag time you experience when heating a pot of water on a stove , ” said Schwartz .
Based on calculations using measurements of the increase in ocean heat content over the past fifty years , however , this present study found the role of so - called thermal lag to be minor .
A key question facing policymakers is how much additional CO 2 and other heat - trapping gases can be introduced into the atmosphere , beyond what is already present , without committing the planet to a dangerous level of human interference with the climate system .
Many scientists and policymakers consider the threshold for such dangerous interference to be an increase in global temperature of 3.6 °F above the preindustrial level , although no single threshold would encompass all effects .
The paper describes three scenarios :
If Earth ’s climate sensitivity is at the low end of current estimates as given by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , then the total maximum future emissions of heat - trapping gases so as not to exceed the 3.6° threshold would correspond to about 35 years of present annual emissions of CO 2 from fossil - fuel combustion .
A climate sensitivity at the present best estimate would mean that no more heat - trapping gases can be added to the atmosphere without committing the planet to exceeding the threshold .
And if the sensitivity is at the high end of current estimates , present atmospheric concentrations of heat - trapping gases are such that the planet is already committed to warming that substantially exceeds the 3.6° threshold .
The authors emphasize the need to quantify the influences of haze particles to narrow the uncertainty in Earth ’s climate sensitivity .
This is much more difficult than quantifying the influences of the heat - trapping gases .
Coauthor Robert Charlson of the University of Washington likens the focus on the heat trapping gases to “ looking for the lost key under the lamppost . ”
Schwartz observes that formulating energy policy with the present uncertainty in climate sensitivity is like navigating a large ship in perilous waters without charts .
“ We know we have to change the course of this ship , and we know the direction of the change , but we do n’t know how much we need to change the course or how soon we have to do it . ”
Schwartz and Charlson coauthored the paper with Ralph Kahn , NASA Goddard Space Flight Center in Maryland ; John Ogren , NOAA Earth System Research Laboratory in Colorado ; and Henning Rodhe , Stockholm University .
The early online release of the paper is available at AMS ’s journals online site .
Founded in 1919 , the AMS has a membership of more than 14,000 professionals , professors , students , and weather enthusiasts .
AMS publishes nine atmospheric and related oceanic and hydrologic journals , sponsors multiple conferences annually , and directs numerous education and outreach programs and services .
For more information see www.ametsoc.org.
Research at Brookhaven was funded by the U.S. Department of Energy Office of Science .
h /t to WUWT commenter “ Don S ”
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Just another day of fun and festivities at the trailer park ... lol
Jerusalem ( CNN ) --
Hours after Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warned the nation would respond strongly to rockets and mortars fired into southern Israel from Gaza , three Palestinians were killed in an Israeli airstrike .
The Israel Defense Forces said the three were Islamic Jihad operatives who were about to launch rockets .
They included a senior commander who is known to be behind improvised explosive device and gunfire attacks , the IDF said .
" The IDF will not tolerate the firing of rockets by terrorist organizations at Israel and will continue to respond against any attempt to disrupt the calm in Israel 's southern communities , " according to a statement .
The deaths occurred east of Deir al - Balah , according to Palestinian sources .
At the start of the weekly cabinet meeting , Netanyahu said that 20 rockets and mortar rounds were fired at Israel from Gaza last week .
" I regard this very seriously , " Netanyahu said .
" The IDF responded immediately ; it attacked missile - producing factories in the Gaza Strip and tunnels through which Iran smuggles missiles and rockets into the strip .
" The government 's policy is clear , " the prime minister said .
" Any firing at our territory will be responded to strongly and immediately . "
There was no immediate response from Palestinians to Netanyahu 's remarks .
Earlier Sunday , Palestinian medical officials said two Palestinians were shot dead in northern Gaza , but they were not able to reach the bodies , which were near Israel 's security barrier .
Israel 's military said it was not involved in the incident , according to its initial investigation .
Gaza medical officials later said that after searching the area for three hours , they could not find the bodies .
Netanyahu warned against words as well as deeds .
" It is not only missiles and rockets that endanger security and push peace further off , " Netanyahu said .
" Words can also be dangerous .
Sadly , there has been a retreat in this area in recent months , both within the Palestinian Authority and by its leaders . "
He said there have been several examples of incitement by Palestinians , and " this is not how peace is made .
Peace is made by educating towards reconciliation , by encouraging good neighborly relations and by developing mutual respect . "
Israel says that more than 300 rockets and mortar shells have been fired from Gaza since the end of Operation Cast Lead , Israel 's three - week offensive into Gaza that began December 27 , 2008 .
Israel said the operation was aimed at stopping rocket attacks into southern Israel from Gaza .
The operation ended with a cease - fire three weeks later .
More than 3,300 rockets and mortars were fired from Gaza in all of 2008 , prior to the operation , the IDF said Sunday .
There is an ongoing dispute about the number of people killed in that offensive .
The Gaza - based Palestinian Center for Human Rights put the death toll at 1,419 and said 1,167 of those were noncombatants .
The Israeli military released its own figures last year , saying that 1,166 people were killed , 60 percent of whom were " terror operatives . "
CNN 's Shira Medding , Kevin Flower and Kareem Khadder contributed to this report .
Matt Holliday has agreed to the richest contract in the illustrious history of the St. Louis Cardinals .
On Tuesday , the free - agent slugger announced on The Doug Gottlieb Show on ESPN Radio that he is re-signing with the team for seven years .
The deal is worth $ 120 million -- Holliday will make $ 15 million a season , plus another $ 2 million a year in deferred payments -- with a vesting option for 2017 .
If the option does n't vest , then the Cardinals can either pick up the option at $ 17 million or take the buyout for $ 1 million .
The contract is contingent on Holliday passing a physical .
" Well , I think first of all going into free agency I had in the back of my mind that I really liked my time in St. Louis and felt it was a good fit for me and my family , " Holliday said on the show .
" At the end of the day we decided that was best for us . "
General manager John Mozeliak said in a text message to The Associated Press that he planned to address the media Thursday once Holliday undergoes his physical .
St. Louis acquired Holliday from Oakland in July and he helped lead the Cardinals to their first NL Central title since 2006 .
They sent several top prospects to the Athletics and justified that expense by retaining a player who hit .353 with 13 homers and 55 RBIs in 63 games for St. Louis .
A three - time All - Star , Holliday was a perfect fit batting cleanup behind star slugger Albert Pujols , though he was the goat in a first - round playoff sweep by the Los Angeles Dodgers after dropping a sinking liner to left field that would have been the final out of Game 2 .
Computer Science and Engineering
This is a collection of audio / video courses and lectures in computer science and engineering from educational institutions around the world .
The courses and lectures cover a wide variety of subjects in computer science and engineering , including algorithms , artificial intelligence , computer architecture , computer networks , data structures , machine learning , operating systems , programming languages , and software engineering .
Shares
I ’m very pleased to announce that Dr. Amy Tuteur , otherwise known as The Skeptical O.B. , has joined Science - Based Medicine .
Dr. Tuteur will fill in an area where we are lacking , namely an expert in women ’s health and childbirth .
For those of you who do n’t know Dr. Tuteur , she is an obstetrician - gynecologist .
She received her undergraduate degree from Harvard College and her medical degree from Boston University School of Medicine .
Dr. Tuteur is a former clinical instructor at Harvard Medical School .
Her book , How Your Baby Is Born , an illustrated guide to pregnancy , labor and delivery was published by Ziff - Davis Press in 1994 .
She runs the website AskDrAmy.com and has her own iPhone app , the Ask Dr. Amy Am I Pregnant Quiz .
Dr. Tuteur blogs at The Skeptical OB .
We expect great things from Dr. Tuteur , and hope you will join us in welcoming her to the fold .
She will begin tomorrow and will post new material every Thursday .
Finally , with the addition of Dr. Tuteur , it should also be noted that , due to the demands of her day job , Dr. Val Jones will decrease her posting frequency from every Thursday to every other Thursday .
She will thus not be posting this week , and her next post will be on Thursday , November 12 .
The incredible journey : How Baltic the mongrel drifted 20 miles out to sea on river ice and survived
A dog was rescued from an iceberg floating 18 miles from land in the Baltic Sea .
Sailors plucked the animal to safety after it got trapped on ice on Poland 's Vistula river and drifted for more than 70 miles .
Rescuer Adam Buczynski said : ' He did n't even squeal .
There was just fear in his big eyes . '
Trapped at sea : Baltic perched on an ice flow after drifting for four days before being rescued
It ’s thought Baltic ’s problems began when he got trapped on ice on the Vistula River near Torun on Friday .
A day later he was spotted in Grudziadz , 40 miles upstream , where fireman tried to reach the German shepherd - type mongrel .
But thick ice made it too risky to launch a rescue craft despite Baltic floating just a few yards from the river bank .
Another bid to save the stranded mutt was made at Kwidzyn , 22 miles further on towards Poland ’s coast .
After sightings dried up it was assumed the dog had perished .
But incredibly Baltic had travelled a further 50 miles to the river mouth before heading out to the ocean where finally his luck turned when scientists on a research boat spotted something odd moving amid the broken ice .
Natalia Drgas , of the Institute of Meteorology and Water Management , said : ' One of the sailors thought they had seen another seal but then he noticed it had legs , ears and a tail . '
However the men onboard the Baltica soon found saving the stranded dog was by no means plain sailing .
On dry land :
The mongrel may now be adopted as the ship 's mascot by the crew who rescued him
First they tried to catch the dog in a net on a pole but when that failed they had to drop a pontoon with crewmen .
Seaman Adam Buczynski said : ' We tried to sail as close as possible but as we approached the boat pushed the ice and the dog was sliding off .
' The dog did n’t even yelp but you could see the fear in his eyes . '
With darkness falling and time running out Baltic was finally hauled on board in sub zero temperatures late on Monday .
Captain Jan Jachim said if his ship had passed that way a few moments later the dog would never have been spotted amid the gloom .
He said : ' We were just at the right place at the right time . '
And he added that few boats chart those waters at that time of year .
' Baltic was drifting with the current further and further out to the open sea .
He would have gone further if we had n’t seen him . '
A Perfect Sydney Harbour Lunch Cruise
Your search for the best lunch cruises on Sydney Harbour ends with Magistic Cruises .
Go on board this multi-million dollar catamaran with amiable staff , large multiple outer decks , opulent interiors , and a deluxe banquet , providing a perfect ambience to take in the mesmerising skyline and its spectacular kaleidoscope .
Enjoy views of world - famous attractions like Opera House and Harbour Bridge and also click picture - perfect selfies with roving Sydney Harbour backdrops from the spacious outer decks of this authentic catamaran .
If it 's KBR in the headline , it 's unwanted sex in an Iraq barracks .
Or at least that 's how it seems these days .
We told you earlier about a former KBR employee suing the company , saying she was raped while working in Iraq ; now comes news of a prison sentence for another KBR - Iraq employee , convicted of sexual assault on a colleague .
David Charles Breda of Pearland was sentenced today to 24 months in prison for abusive sexual contact of a co-worker .
He had pled guilty to the charge in October ; 24 months is the maximum penalty .
The U.S. Attorney 's office offered this description of events :
The victim and Breda both worked in the Morale , Welfare and Recreation department , mostly in the gym facilities , at the time of the offense .
The sexual contact occurred when Breda volunteered to assist the victim move a mattress from her old living quarters to her new living quarters .
Breda pushed her onto the bed and grabbed one of her hands while pulling her shirt out of her pants .
He slid his hand up under her bra and rubbed and kissed her breasts against her will .
He attempted to unbuckle his pants and tried to get inside the Victim 's pants .
Throughout the incident , Breda was grinding his groin into the victim 's body .
Prior to the incident , while at work , Breda had made lewd comments to the victim .
Jay - sus -- the Morale , Welfare and Recreation Department ?
He violated all three .
After the incident was reported , Breda was confined on the base and returned to the U.S. and left KBR .
How he got hired by KBR is another matter .
According to the U.S. Attorney 's office , " Breda was formerly an Army recruiter who was sanctioned for inappropriate sexual behavior with an 18 - year - old female recruit . "
Shelter 2.0 is about sharing designs and ideas .
Our designs and cut files are offered to anyone who needs them ,
or has the desire to help those in need .
When Mississippi inmates sued their prison , charging that they had been sodomized by a staff member , the claim was thrown out .
Under a harsh federal law , inmates must show that they suffered a “ physical injury ” to prevail in a suit challenging cruel prison conditions .
A federal district court ruled in 2006 that the alleged sexual assault did not constitute physical injury .
Congress included the physical injury requirement in the Prison Litigation Reform Act , which it passed in 1996 to deter inmates from bringing frivolous lawsuits .
What the law has done instead is insulate prisons from a large number of very worthy lawsuits , and allow abusive and cruel mistreatment of inmates to go unpunished .
Legislation introduced by Representative Robert Scott , Democrat of Virginia , would undo the worst parts of that law .
Most important , his legislation , the Prison Abuse Remedies Act , would remove the physical injury requirement .
Prisons across the country have used this requirement to dismiss suits challenging all kinds of outrageous treatment : strip - searching of female prisoners by male guards ; revealing to other inmates that a prisoner was H.I.V.- positive ; forcing an inmate to stand naked for 10 hours .
Mr. Scott ’s bill would allow prisoners to prevail under the same conditions as plaintiffs in other kinds of civil rights cases .
It would also make important changes in the 1996 law’s “ exhaustion ” requirement , which forces inmates to bring their complaints to the prison ’s own grievance system before they can sue .
A carefully drawn exhaustion requirement could help resolve problems locally , and avoid unnecessary litigation .
But the one in the current law lets prisons put up procedural hurdles that make it difficult or impossible for prisoners to navigate the bureaucracy and get their complaints heard in court .
Susanne Sternthal reports from Moscow :
[ Animal specialist Andrei ]
Neuronov says there are some 500 strays that live in the metro stations , especially during the colder months , but only about 20 have learned how to ride the trains .
This happened gradually , first as a way to broaden their territory .
Later , it became a way of life .
“ Why should they go by foot if they can move around by public transport ? ” he asks .
“ They orient themselves in a number of ways , ” Neuronov adds .
“ They figure out where they are by smell , by recognising the name of the station from the recorded announcer ’s voice and by time intervals .
If , for example , you come every Monday and feed a dog , that dog will know when it ’s Monday and the hour to expect you , based on their sense of time intervals from their ­biological clocks . ”
The blog English Russia also covered the phenomenon :
Another skill they have is to on the green traffic light .
“ They do n’t react on color , but on the picture they see on the traffic light ” , Moscow scientist tells .
Also they choose often the last or the first metro car - those are less crowded usually .
It ’s funny but the ecologists studying Moscow stray dogs also tell the dogs do n’t miss a chance to get some play while on their travel in the subway .
They are fond of jumping in the train just seconds before the doors shut closed risking their tails be jammed .
“ They do it for fun ... "
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Created by dragos on 2009 - 11 - 16 .
Updated : 2010-05-06 , 17:56
Scala Improvement Document # 9
Revision : 2 - Date : 2010-05-06
Status : draft draft
SID : Scala Specialization Scala Specialization
Scala 2.8 adds specialized type parameters .
A specialized type parameter instructs the compiler to generate a generic version and a number of specialized versions of the given definition , and use the most specific version whenever the static type information at a call site allows it .
This image captured by NASA 's Cassini spacecraft shows jets of ice particles , water vapor , and trace organic compounds shooting from the surface of Saturn 's moon Enceladus .
Credit : NASA / JPL / Space Science Institute
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Scientists once thought that life could originate only within a solar system 's " habitable zone , " where a planet would be neither too hot nor too cold for liquid water to exist on its surface .
But according to planetary scientist Francis Nimmo , evidence from recent NASA missions suggests that conditions necessary for life may exist on the icy satellites of Saturn and Jupiter .
" If these moons are habitable , it changes the whole idea of the habitable zone , " said Nimmo , a professor of Earth and planetary sciences at UC Santa Cruz .
" It changes our thinking about how and where we might find life outside of the solar system . "
Nimmo discussed the impact of ice dynamics on the habitability of the moons of Saturn and Jupiter on Tuesday , December 15 , at the annual meeting of the American Geophysical Union in San Francisco .
Jupiter 's moon Europa and Saturn 's moon Enceladus , in particular , have attracted attention because of evidence that oceans of liquid water may lie beneath their icy surfaces .
This evidence , plus discoveries of deep - sea hydrothermal vent communities on Earth , suggests to some that these frozen moons just might harbor life .
" Liquid water is the one requirement for life that everyone can agree on , " Nimmo said .
The icy surfaces may insulate deep oceans , shift and fracture like tectonic plates , and mediate the flow of material and energy between the moons and space .
Several lines of evidence support the presence of subsurface oceans on Europa and Enceladus , Nimmo said .
In 2000 , for example , NASA 's Galileo spacecraft measured an unusual magnetic field around Europa that was attributed to the presence of an ocean beneath the moon 's surface .
On Enceladus , the Cassini spacecraft discovered geysers shooting ice crystals a hundred miles above the surface , which also suggests at least pockets of subsurface water , Nimmo said ( see earlier story ) .
Liquid water is n't easy to find in the cold expanses beyond Earth 's orbit .
But according to Nimmo , tidal forces could keep subsurface oceans from freezing up .
Europa and Enceladus both have eccentric orbits that bring them alternately close to and then far away from their respective planets .
These elongated orbits create ebbs and flows of gravitational energy between the planets and their satellites .
" A moon like Enceladus is getting squeezed and stretched and squeezed and stretched , " Nimmo said .
The extent to which this squeezing and stretching transforms into heat remains unclear , he said .
Tidal forces likely shift plates in the lunar cores , creating friction and geothermal energy .
This energy may also rub surface ice against itself at the sites of deep ice fissures , creating heat and melting , according to Nimmo .
Enceladus 's geysers appear to originate from these shifting faults , and the thin lines running along Europa 's surface suggest geologically active plates , he said .
A frozen outer layer may be crucial to maintaining oceans that could harbor life on these moons .
The icy surfaces may shield the oceans from the frigidity of space and from radiation harmful to living organisms .
" If you want to have life , you want the ocean to last a long time , " Nimmo said .
" The ice above acts like an insulating blanket . "
Enceladus is so small and its ice so thin that scientists expect its oceans to freeze periodically , making habitability less likely , Nimmo said .
Europa , however , is the perfect size to heat its oceans efficiently .
It is larger than Enceladus but smaller than moons such as Ganymede , which has thick ice surrounding its core and blocking communication with the exterior .
If liquid water exists on Ganymede , it may be trapped between layers of ice that separate it from both the core and the surface .
The core and the surface of these moons are both potential sources of the chemical building blocks needed for life .
Solar radiation and comet impacts leave a chemical film on the surfaces .
To sustain living organisms , these chemicals would have to migrate to the subsurface oceans , and this can occur periodically around ice fissures on moons with relatively thin ice shells like Europa and Enceladus .
Organic molecules and minerals may also stream out of their cores , Nimmo said .
These nutrients could support communities like those seen around hydrothermal vents on Earth .
Nimmo cautioned that being habitable is no guarantee that a planetary body is actually inhabited .
It is unlikely that we will find life elsewhere in our solar system , despite all the time and resources devoted to the search , he said .
But such a discovery would certainly be worth the effort .
" I think pretty much everyone can agree that finding life anywhere else in the solar system would be the scientific discovery of the millennium , " Nimmo said .
Explore further Frictional heating explains plumes on Enceladus
The Apple iPad cat is officially out of its bag , but it 's not going to be the only tablet game in town .
There are a number of other devices out there in various stages from " barely announced " to " working prototype , " many of which were shown off at this year 's Consumer Electronics Show .
Apple may have snagged first - mover advantage in this year 's tablet renaissance , and we have scant few details on things like pricing and release date for some of its upcoming competitors .
Still , it 's worth a look at what other tablet contenders are going to be emerging with in the near near future .
It might be worth reigning in that Steve Jobs - induced credit card trigger finger for a bit .
Let 's have a look at what alternatives to the iPad are likely literally just around the corner .
1. HP Slate
Microsoft CEO
Steve Ballmer showed off this HP tablet prototype very briefly at CES this year .
It was n't the Apple iPad thunder - stealing moment predicted by the media , but it is one of many indications that the tablet form - factor is about to become practically ubiquitous .
This particular HP slate will run Windows 7 , setting it apart from the field of tablets running Android you 'll be seeing on the rest of this list .
More details about the device were recently revealed by HP in the video below .
2. Dell Streak
During its CES 2010 keynote , Dell talked about working on multiple " upcoming slates , " including one prototype it showed off , which is currently called the Streak .
This particular model is only 5 - inches , though , which puts it less in the direct path of the iPad and makes it more akin to the existing line of mobile internet devices ( MIDs ) like the Archos series of Internet tablets .
Not much else is known yet about the Streak , or what other kinds of tablets
Dell might be cooking up , but Engadget did snag some hands - on photos of the device .
3. Asus Eee Tablet
Asus is the company responsible for kicking off the entire netbook craze .
They were also showing off a prototype of a 9 - inch tablet at CES this year .
The device has four control buttons reminiscent of the favored layout for an Android - powered phone , leading to the logical speculation that the Asus tablet might well run Google 's mobile operating system .
JKK Mobile snagged a video of the prototype , embedded below .
4. Compal Tablet
This working prototype was shown off at CES 2010 .
Made by Compal , the 7 - inch Android 2.0 tablet runs on the new , high - powered next - generation Tegra 2 processor NVIDIA announced at CES .
With this chip , a device can support 1080 p video playback , yet retain startlingly good battery life .
NVIDIA says it already has several partners lined up to make Tegra 2 - based tablets , so expect more of this type of device in the near near future .
5. Notion Ink Adam
Another tablet running Android and powered by the Tegra 2 chip is the Adam , a 10 - inch tablet from Indian startup Notion Ink .
It uses a screen technology from Pixel Qi that combines the best of a full color multi- touch LCD display with a low - power reflective mode that 's readable in direct sunlight .
Notion
Ink says the Adam should come to market in the second quarter of this year , with a target price somewhere between $ 300 and $ 800 .
Slashgear got a lengthy video demo ( embedded below ) and oodles of pics of the device .
6. MSI
Wait for it :
It 's another tablet prototype running Android and powered by the Tegra 2 , this time from MSI .
Engadget found it " a bit thicker and heavier than we'd like , " but on the plus side its 10 - inch screen is " plenty responsive . "
7. Quanta
One last prototype running Android on the Tegra 2 chip : the Quanta tablet got some early dings in terms of usability .
Still , it is only a prototype , so the Wi-Fi and 3G - enabled tablet device could still be a contender in the about - to - be - crowded tablet space .
8. ICD Vega
Seattle - based startup Innovative Converged Devices announced its Vega tablet back in November 2009 , and now the device is officially headed to T - Mobile UK sometime before the end of 2010 .
Yet another tablet based on Android , the Vega will have a large amount of screen real - estate at 15.6 - inches .
Check out the full spec list and a hands - on demo video embedded below .
9. Google and HTC
[ Mockup image courtesy of Gizmodo ]
This one is sadly of the purely rumor variety , but it 's worth mentioning for its potentially game - changing effects .
Like it did with the Nexus One , if Google were to take a direct hand in developing a tablet computing device with a trusted partner , it could be a serious contender in the newly emerging tablet wars .
The cited report says the Google Tablet has already been in development for the past 19 months .
HTC is a plausible logical choice for the trusted partner as well , given its existing relationship with Google and the Android operating system .
Still , with nothing yet official on the books , the Google Tablet is the most speculative entrant on this list for now .
[img credits : Engadget , Slashgear , Gizmodo ]
New York ( CNN ) --
In the wake of the failed Christmas Day bombing of Northwest Flight 253 , authorities are ramping up air passenger screening , particularly for those flying from 14 nations that the U.S. describes as " state sponsors of terrorism or other countries of interest . "
Hundreds more full body scanning machines are on order for U.S. airports .
But some airline security experts say the real answer to greater security is to follow the approach used by Israel 's airline , El Al .
Isaac Yeffet , the former head of security for El Al and now an aviation security consultant in New York , said El Al has prevented terrorism in the air by making sure every passenger is interviewed by a well - trained agent before check - in .
" Stop relying only on technology , " Yeffet told CNN .
" Technology can help the qualified , well - trained human being but cannot replace him . "
Yeffet spoke to CNN Friday .
CNN : What do you think we 've learned about airport security from the failed bombing in Detroit ?
Isaac Yeffet :
We learned one thing .
We do not have a good security system to be able to prevent tragedies in this country .
After Lockerbie , everyone thought , now we 've learned the lesson of how to be proactive instead of being reactive .
Unfortunately , September 11 came and we know the result .
Thousands of people lost their lives .
Security totally failed , not at one airport , at three different airports around the country .
In 2002 , we had Richard Reid , the shoe bomber .
This man gave the security people all the suspicious signs that any passenger could show .
The man got a British passport in Belgium , not in England .
Number Two : he flew to Paris , he bought a one - way ticket from Paris to Florida .
He paid cash .
He came to the airport with no luggage .
What else do I need to know that this passenger is suspicious ?
What did we learn from this ?
Just to tell the passenger from now on , you take off your shoes when you come to the airport ?
This I call a patch on top of a patch .
Now we face the story with [ Umar Farouk ] AbdulMutallab .
We had all the information that we could dream the security people could get .
He was on the list of people connected to al Qaeda .
I do n't need more to understand that when he comes , I am not looking for more evidence .
He is suspicious ; I have to take care of him .
His father called the U.S. Embassy a month before he took the flight and told the U.S. Embassy that his son had called and said this was the last time you were going to hear from me .
And the father warned the U.S. Embassy that his son was going to do something bad , watch him .
What happened to this information ?
The guy bought a ticket and paid $ 3,000 cash .
...
No one knew the information that we had about him , no one could interview him and to ask him why is he flying to America .
CNN : What needs to be done to improve the system ?
Yeffet :
It 's mandatory that every passenger -- I do n't care his religion or whatever he is -- every passenger has to be interviewed by security people who are qualified and well - trained , and are being tested all year long .
I trained my guys and educated them , that every flight , for them , is the first flight .
That every passenger is the first passenger .
The fact that you had [ safe flights ] yesterday and last month means nothing .
We are looking for the one who is coming to blow up our aircraft .
If you do not look at each passenger , something is wrong with your system .
CNN : What is El Al 's approach to airline security ?
How does it differ from what 's being done in this country ?
Yeffett :
We must look at the qualifications of the candidate for security jobs .
He must be educated .
He must speak two languages .
He must be trained for a long time , in classrooms .
He must receive on - the - job training with a supervisor for weeks to make sure that the guy understands how to approach a passenger , how to convince him to cooperate with him , because the passenger is taking the flight and we are on the ground .
The passengers have to understand that the security is doing it for their benefit .
We are constantly in touch with the Israeli intelligence to find out if there are any suspicious passengers among hundreds of passengers coming to take the flight -- by getting the list of passengers for each flight and comparing it with the suspicious list that we have .
If one of the passengers is on the list , then we are waiting for him , he will not surprise us .
During the year , we did thousands of tests of our security guys around the world .
It cost money , but once you save lives , it 's worth all the money that the government gave us to have the right security system .
I used to send a male or female that we trusted .
We used to give them tickets and send them to an airport to take a flight to Tel Aviv .
We concealed whatever we could in their luggage .
Everything was fake , and we wanted to find out if the security people would stop this passenger or not .
If there was any failure , the security people immediately were fired , and we called in all the security people to tell people why they failed , what happened step by step .
I wanted everyone to learn from any failure .
And if they were very successful , I wanted everyone to know why .
CNN : Let 's say all the airlines instituted the system that you 're talking about .
So let 's say I go to an airport for a flight to London .
What should happen ?
Yeffet :
When you come to the check - in , normally you wait on line .
While you wait on line , I want you to be with your luggage .
You have to meet with me , the security guy .
We tell you who we are .
We ask for your passport , we ask for your ticket .
We check your passport .
We want to find which countries you visited .
We start to ask questions , and based on your answers and the way you behave , we come to a conclusion about whether you are bona fide or not .
That 's what should happen .
CNN : Every passenger should be interviewed , on all flights ?
Yeffet : Yes , 100 percent ...
I want to interview you .
It wo n't take too long if you 're bona fide .
We never had a delay .
Number two , I have heard so many times El Al is a small airline .
We in America are big air carriers .
Number one , we have over 400 airports around the country , why has n't anyone from this government asked himself , let 's take one airport out of 400 airports and try to implement El Al 's system because their system proved they 're the best of the best .
For the last 40 years , El Al did not have a single tragedy .
And they came to attack us and to blow up our aircraft , but we knew how to stop them on the ground .
So let 's try to implement the system at one airport in the country and then come to a conclusion ...
CNN : What do you think of using full body scanners ?
Yeffet : I am against it , this is once again patch on top of patch .
Look what happened , Richard Reid , the shoebomber , hid the explosives in his shoes .
The result -- all of us have to take off our shoes when we come to the airport .
The Nigerian guy hid his explosives in his underwear .
The result -- everyone now will be seen naked .
Is this the security system that we want ?
We have millions of Muslims in this country .
I am not Muslim , but I am very familiar with the tradition , I respect the tradition .
Women who walk on the street cover their body from head to toe .
Can you imagine the reaction of the husband ?
Excuse me , wait on the side , we want to see your wife 's body naked ?...
This is not an answer .
I appreciate what the president said , but we need to see the results on the ground at the airports .
... I strongly recommend that TSA call experts ... and not let them leave before they come to conclusions about what must be done at each airport to make sure that we are really pro-active .
Let us be alert , let us work together , and show no mercy for any failure , no mercy .
If we do this system , believe me we will show the world that we are the best proactive security system and the terrorists will understand that it 's not worth it to come to attack us .
CNN : Would it be more expensive to provide the kind of security system you recommend ?
Yeffet : For sure El Al spends more money on security than the American air carriers .
But the passengers are willing to pay for it if we can prove to them that they are secure when they come to take a flight .
An apparently unprecedented super freight train -- extending some 3 ½ miles -- rolled through Southern California over the weekend , catching state regulators off guard and prompting concerns about potential safety risks and traffic delays , The Times has learned .
Union Pacific said the train was a test of equipment and ways to improve operating efficiency , but that the company does not have plans to run such trains regularly .
Some officials are worried it may be a harbinger .
“ I will be asking a lot more questions , ” said Democratic Rep. Grace Napolitano , whose San Gabriel Valley district includes part of the train route .
There are no state or federal limits on the length of trains or requirements to notify agencies about unusually long train configurations , officials said .
Union Pacific said it did alert local federal regulators , who observed the train ’s movement .
The 18,000 - foot - long train was two to three times the length of a typical freight train and the largest known to operate in the state — and possibly the nation , Clark said .
Tracks were cleared so the train could run up to 70 mph , said Tom Lange , Union Pacific 's spokesman .
He said it would take three to five minutes for the train to clear a grade crossing .
The test was part of an effort to explore ways to “ better serve our customers , ” he said .
Such trains actually reduce the chances of derailment , he said , because locomotive power is distributed along the train , reducing stress on couplers and other equipment .
In addition , while long trains may extend some waits , they reduce overall waiting time for motorists at crossings , Lange said .
That ’s because crossing signals begin stopping traffic 20 to 25 seconds before each train arrives .
The long train tested over the weekend was the equivalent of three typical mile - long trains , which would have added 40 to 50 seconds to total motorist wait time .
In addition to concerns about lack of notice to state authorities , who regulate grade crossings , Clark said his agency wanted to ensure the massive train had adequate braking capacity and officials were on hand in case of extended delays for motorists and emergency vehicles , especially if the train was forced to stop for some reason .
No incidents were reported , but the commission staff is continuing to examine issues raised by such operations , Clark said .
The train , which carried furniture , clothing , electronics and other goods for export from Texas , was the longest ever assembled by Union Pacific , Lange said .
Among other benefits , he said , such trains could remove hundreds of trucks from the road and save fuel compared to other modes of cargo transportation .
Trains up to 12,500 feet — a little over two miles long — already are operated in the Los Angeles area , he said .
He acknowledged longer trains can reduce costs of train crew requirements because the additional locomotives are controlled from the front cab .
A spokesman for the California chapter of the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers & Trainmen warned such “ monster trains ” raise a host of concerns .
“ Nobody I know of in the railroad industry ever has run a train this size , ” said Tim Smith , state legislative chairman for the union .
“ We ’re not trained for it .
The longer the train , the more you have to consider the curvature of tracks ... starting and stopping . ”
-- Rich Connell
More breaking news in L.A. Now :
Study : Legalizing undocumented adult Latinos would be boon to state 's economy
Chief budget analyst calls Schwarzenegger 's federal aid bid unrealistic
Judge orders L.A. Unified teacher to be fired
Spurred by Metrolink crash , rails move closer to installing automatic brakes
Lawmakers want to stop Orange County fairgrounds sale
Man fleeing six - car Laguna Beach collision shot by police , officials say
Assembly committee OKs bill to legalize marijuana
High surf , possible flooding expected along Southern California coast
COPENHAGEN–The Yes Men forced Canada to say no .
No , it would not adjust its planned emissions cuts to make them the toughest in the world .
And no , it would not commit $ 13 billion , and much more in the coming years , to help the world 's poorest countries adapt to the ravages of a warmer planet .
It was this activist group , using the social media they have employed to undermine governments , corporations and other powerbrokers , that brought Canada to its knees at the Copenhagen conference Monday .
In a sophisticated stunt , they forced Canada to explain that it was not , contrary to emails sent to thousands of reporters here , answering the calls of environmentalists , Canadian provinces and countries around the world to take on more ambitious plans to cut greenhouse gases .
" The idea was to confuse the Canadian government , which set up a war room to positively spin their position in the debate even though everyone knows that their position is a cruel joke , " Yes Men member Mike Bonanno told the Associated Press .
The elaborate hoax involved fake versions of websites for the Wall Street Journal , Environment Canada and the United Nations , and press conferences staged with fake negotiators from Uganda that provoked real federal officials to lash out at those they suspected of masterminding the campaign of shame .
" You think this is a game , but it 's not a game .
It 's a serious issue , " said Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's spokesman , Dimitri Soudas , in a heated exchange with a prominent environmental activist that was caught on television cameras .
" More time should be dedicated to playing a constructive role instead of childish pranks , " said Soudas .
But Soudas had the wrong man .
It was n't Steven Guilbeault , co-founder of Équiterre , whom Soudas accused of " criticizing from the bleachers . "
" I'm speechless , " said Guilbeault .
" Why would I do that ?
It 's not what I do , it 's not how I do it , " he told The Canadian Press .
Guilbeault confronted Soudas at the conference and asked for an apology , but was instead told by Soudas that it was Guilbeault who should apologize for criticizing Canada at an international summit .
The Yes Men on Tuesday are expected to speak more about the stunt , a version of which they have used in the past to shame " big - time criminals in order to publicly humiliate them . "
" Targets are leaders and big corporations who put profits ahead of everything else , " the group says on its website .
The prank began to unfold around midday with an out - of - the blue announcement that Environment Minister Jim Prentice would be budging from Canada 's much criticized plan to cut emissions by 20 per cent from 2006 levels by 2020 .
Replacing that would be the most ambitious emissions targets in the world – to cut greenhouse gases by 40 per cent below 1990 levels by 2020 , and 80 per cent by 2050 .
The fake announcement also pledged to give $ 13 billion a year , or 1 per cent of Canada 's gross domestic product , and up to 5 per cent of national income by 2013 , all to Africa .
What followed were waves of congratulations for the faux show of Canadian leadership from Uganda and mock press releases from the government in a prank that was unveiled on so many levels that it was hard to keep track of what was real and what was not .
" It is the height of cruelty , hypocrisy and immorality to infuse with false hopes the spirit of people who are already , and will additionally , bear the brunt of climate change 's terrible human effects , " Prentice was quoted as saying in a second fake news release email .
What he really said was quite different .
He denounced " things going on on the periphery of these negotiations , " in a daily press conference flooded with international reporters .
Stories on the prank were published in the United States , China , Britain , France and elsewhere around the world .
" There are other things that will continue to happen that will be undesirable here , including press releases that are a hoax , " Prentice predicted , while stating that he was focused on the negotiations at hand .
All of this unfolded on a day marked by deadlock in talks toward coming up with a new deal to cut global emissions after the objections of the developing nations led to a breakdown in negotiations .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
But even if the stunt that played out at Canada 's expense had been the real federal position it would n't have nudged negotiators back to the bargaining table .
Sudanese negotiator Lumumba Di-Aping , the head of the G77 - China bloc , which represents some 130 nations , said the position presented in the press releases was " still well below what will save Africa by huge margins . "
To please the developing world , Canada and its rich - world partners need to agree to limit global temperature rise to 1.5C and cut the amount of carbon in the atmosphere to 350 parts per million from its current rate of saturation , 387 ppm .
" Canada has to accept there must be substantial commitment .
Canada has been one of the most non-compliant ( Kyoto - bound developed ) countries and they have to change that . "
Durham , NC -- December 2 , 2009 -- Ninety - six percent of low - income mothers who participated in a recent study on gender - based distrust indicated a strong general feeling of distrust of the opposite sex .
However , this general distrust towards men did not prevent them from entering into a marriage , live - in , or romantic relationship .
Furthermore , the union was often later described by some of the women as " trusting , " despite their prior assertions of distrust and insecurity .
The results of the study are published in a recent issue of the Journal of Marriage and Family .
In order to successfully live and cope in these relationships the women often suspended , compartmentalized , misplaced , or integrated their trust behaviors to accommodate their partners and to facilitate a relationship .
The mothers ' individual experiences with uncertainty and poverty and their histories as domestic violence or sexual abuse victims directly determined the type of interpersonal trust they chose to enact .
Women in the study tended to create interpersonal trust in their partners that differed from their general attitudes about distrusting men .
Several of these forms of trust allowed women to enter into unhealthy relationships that had serious implications for themselves and their children , emotionally , mentally , and economically .
The authors argued that reducing the use of alternative forms of trust ( e.g. , misplaced ) would allow women to spend time forging intimate partnerships that are more likely to lead to strong , lasting , healthy marriages .
They also indicated that these findings have implications for the romantic union trusting behaviors of women regardless of race or social class .
###
This study is published in the December 2009 issue of the Journal of Marriage and Family .
Media wishing to receive a PDF of this article may contact scholarlynews@wiley.com .
To view the abstract for this article , please visit http://www3. interscience .
wiley .
com/ journal / 123196837 / abstract .
Linda M. Burton , Ph.D. was awarded Distinguished Chair , James B. Duke Professor of Sociology at Duke University and is the Director of Undergraduate Studies in the Sociology Department .
She can be reached for questions at lburton@soc.duke.edu .
About the Journal : For more than 70 years , the Journal of Marriage and Family ( JMF ) has been a leading research journal in the family field .
JMF features original research and theory , research interpretation and reviews , and critical discussion concerning all aspects of marriage , other forms of close relationships , and families . .
About Wiley - Blackwell : Wiley - Blackwell is the international scientific , technical , medical , and scholarly publishing business of John Wiley & Sons , with strengths in every major academic and professional field and partnerships with many of the world 's leading societies .
Wiley - Blackwell publishes nearly 1,500 peer - reviewed journals and 1,500 + new books annually in print and online , as well as databases , major reference works and laboratory protocols .
For more information , please visit www.wileyblackwell.com or www.interscience.wiley.com.
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : around here
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
Your title was catchy .
I was intrigued .
I would like to respond to your post , and give you a little insight as to my own personal reaction to your personal ad .
I thought your preamble was nice , before you launched into a laundry list of what you would like in a woman : 1 .
Will always be on time or will call when she 's be late - Okay .
That 's reasonable .
Sounds good .
2 . Will fall asleep in my arms as I read stories to her - Sounds kinda romantic .
Can I choose the story ?
3 . Will let me spoon and rock her to sleep - Spooning sounds alright , but I think the last time I was rocked to sleep I was in diapers ... 4 .
Will spend an entire day perusing book stores looking for anything - Sure ! 5 .
Will trust my judgment - Is this a pre-requisite ?
' Cause I gotta get to know you a little before I trust your judgement .
I know very few people who 's judgement I trust entirely .
6 .
Will trust me to tell her the truth when she asks how does this look ? -
Oh dear .
I get the feeling you do n't like to play that little bullshit game ... most men do n't .
Do you expect me to change my outfit if you do n't approve of it ?
Would you change yours , if you trusted me to give an honest opinion ?
I have a feeling you would pull out that little " accept me as I am " card .
7 .
Will let me make her soup when she is sick - You betcha .
Why is this a problem ?
It 's only common courtesy , and I would do the same for you .8 .
Will let me give her my jacket when she is cold - Aww .
Sweet .
I trust you will tell me the truth when I ask you how it looks on me .
9 .
Will let me brush and pull her hair - mmmmkay ... so far , I 'm getting read stories , being rocked to sleep , being told what looks good on me or not .... and now you are brushing my hair .... will my hair be getting pulled because you are trying to put pigtails on me ?
I think you secretly want a daughter .... 10 .
Will ask my opinion on makeup and clothes - Yup , I 'll ask , but I 'm beginning to not trust your judgement ..( oops .
just screwed up request # 5 ... ) why you gotta be so choosy as to how I present myself ?
Are you sure you do n't want a daughter ?
Hey , look , whatever man , lots of guys of craigslist are into that ... they are just prepared to spend money on it .
11 .
Will entertain my friends -
Fer sure !
Its a win -win situation !
Your friends are gonna LOVE me , since you have personally molded me into your version of dream girl fembot .
Is there a pole that I dance on ?
Or do I just wear a boyfriend - approved apron and serve nachos and beer while y'all are playing video games ?
Hey , can my friends come over ?
12 .
Will have a life away from me - I guess that answers my question from # 11.13 .
Will let me be proud of her - I , for the life of me , do n't understand how this can be an issue .
Did you manage to damage some girls self - esteem so much that she hated herself ?
14 .
Will flirt with others but leave with me -
That way , you can rub it into every other guys face that this dreamgirl fembot is YOUR bitch .
15 .
Will appreciate my off kilter sense of humor -
Does this mean you will find a funny way to tell me I look fat in my jeans ?
Laughter heals all .16 .
Will let me kiss her just the way I want to -
Yeah , I agree there 's give - and take in any physical relationship .
What if the way you kiss does n't turn me on ?
17 .
Will be strong enough to stand on her own yet let me help take of her - I 'm strong enough to stand on my own .
Good career , financially stable , a supportive network of family and friends .
I think what you really meant to say was " Will be strong enough to stand on her own , but let me tell her what to do ... "
Good luck with that .18 .
Will teach me something I do n't know - Easy .
Did you know Lorne Greene had one of his nipples bitten off by an Alligator ?
Whew .
I passed !19 .
Will let me make her dinner - Yup .
I think we should share that chore , actually .
Oh , you mean you wanted to do it occasionally ?
I guess I 'm making it most of the time .... 20 .
Will enjoy quiet time in the evenings with me -
Of course .
As long as I 'm wearing boyfriend approved clothes and makeup , and not too exhausted from making dinner , standing on my own , and entertaining your friends .
21 .
Will think of me when she touches herself -
Now you want to control how I masturbate ?
Jesus .
I can only promise you that I 'll think of you most of the time , because I 've had this one fantasy I 've been furiously rubbing the pink to for about five years ... damn .
Okay , I 'll give it all up , as long as you promise to censor your random sexy thoughts as well ... 22 .
Will speak highly of me when I am not around - Insecure much ?
23
Will slow dance with me to Classic Motown songs - I can do that !
Yay me !
24 Will accept my compliments with grace -
Why the hell would n't I ?
They sound like they are going to be few and far between ... 25 Will do what she chooses not what other people say she should - Everyone except you , of course .
Because I trust your judgement , see ?
26 .
Will have a between being selfless and selfish - I think I know what you are saying here .
I believe that 's called normal .
I 'm down with that .
Ditto.27 .
Will let me hold her hand when walking - Yes .
That 's sweet .
Wait a minute ... does it have to be ALL THE TIME ?
28 .
Will let me make love to her - Check .29 .
Will let me have sex with her - Double check .30 .
Will let me fuck her - I see we have found some common ground .
I simply adore fucking .
31 .
Will let me show her the face of God- Okay , what ?
Yer buddies with GOD ?
Dammit all , why do n't you ask him to make you a woman , then ?
Just kidding .
I know the whole " face of God ' thing is just a figure of speech .
Does this have anything to do with all the lovemaking / sex / fucking talk ?
Sounds a wee bit narcissistic .... the only thing I can offer you is to take a journey of self - exploration together ..... I guess that just does n't cut it .
32 .
Will understand a true artist -
Oh shit .
That means I 'll be supporting us .
Glad I 'm a woman that can stand on my own , and piggy - back the guy who wants to help take care of me .
33 .
Will let me be me - Hmm .
Does that mean I should accept the fact your crusty socks and paint soaked clothes are going to be tossed all over the house ?
Can I be me ?
Some have taken a rather dim view of my acrid wit over the years ... but you will love me for me , right ?
34 .
Will have little to no expectations of me -
Okay , here 's the kicker .
This is really what got me going on this .
So far , I count 34 expectations you have of me , and we have n't finished going through all of your requests .
This does n't seem very fair .
Is this your off - kilter humor shining through ?
35 .
Will appreciate that I love the little things in life -
As do I dammit , but some things cost money .
Just because your an artist , and can apparently show me the face of God does not mean I 'm going to foot the bill ALL the time .
36 .
Will never drive drunk -
No shit .
That 's pretty serious , and I am sorry for you if you have ever lost anybody due to someone else 's stupidity .
37 .
Will look me in the eye when she says I love you -
You have been lied to by someone .
Again , I feel sorry for you .38 .
Will compliment other women that look good -
Yes , I appreciate beauty .
However , that does not mean I want a threesome .
Nor does it mean I will tolerate you constantly checking out other women in front of me .
You only think of me when you jerk off , right ?
Hypocrite .39 .
Will enjoy a night at the theatre or a ho down equally - I think that 's whats considered a Freudian slip , right there .
Refer to # 38.40 .
Will encourage me to accomplish the impossible -
Oh , for fucks sakes .
First , you want to be my daddy , and now I 'm supposed to mother you .
Hey , I 'm all for pursuing dreams , but if you are screwing up my financial security while chasing down your dreams , I will seriously have to kick your ass .
Who the hell are you ?
Richard Heene ?41 .
Will let me adore her -
If you ever find a woman like this , I will be the first in line to adore her .
42 .
Will share her dreams with me -
Okay , so lets refer to # 40 here .
Will you encourage me to accomplish the impossible , or am I simple allowed to share my dreams , and be the anchor while you pursue yours ?
43 .
Will be proud of me - I think its natural to be proud of the person you love .
I also think its natural to love someone unconditionally .
It seems like your asking for a lot and not really giving a lot in return .
44 .
Will know I will do all these things and more for her - Pardon me for being nit - picky here , but out of the above list of 42 items , I see only five or six where you will be willing to do anything .
Seriously , how hard is it to " let you be proud of me ? "
The rest of this list is not - so - clever demands .
That 's false advertising , my friend .
45 .
Will appreciate that I took the time to write this - Look at that .
You are already looking for applause ... because you wrote a personal ad , outlining all the things you want in a woman .
People do that every damn day .
I have a feeling that if I were ever in a long term relationship with you , I 'd constantly be reminded of how you made me soup back in 2009 when I was down with H1N1 .
Best of luck in your search for love and happiness .
When you 're shopping for groceries , watch out for the phrase " all natural " as claimed on the front of various product packages .
It turns out that the phrase " all natural " can mean just about anything ; it actually has no nutritional meaning whatsoever and is n't truly regulated by the FDA .
This came to light recently when I published an article about autolyzed yeast extract containing MSG , and I was contacted by the manufacturer of a popular veggie burger product who claimed that my article was incorrect , that their product did n't contain MSG , and that they used nothing but all - natural ingredients .
I replied by reading their PR person the list of ingredients printed right on their own box ( which included autolyzed yeast extract ) , then I showed them documentation supporting the fact that autolyzed yeast extract always contains MSG , and that autolyzed yeast extract is used for only one purpose in manufactured foods : as a chemical taste enhancer .
It has no other purpose in the realm of food science .
At this point the spokesperson for this veggie burger manufacturer admitted that , yes , their product did contain free glutamic acid , which is another way of saying MSG , but that it was from an all - natural source , and that there are other foods like seaweed or tomatoes that have free glutamic acid .
To this , I replied that , sure , tomatoes have a very small quantity of naturally occurring free glutamic acid , but that 's different .
What the veggie burger manufacturer is doing is using an MSG ingredient in a concentrated , refined form that greatly increases the potency and the potential toxicity of the ingredient .
In my book , that 's not natural .
Claiming MSG is natural because free glutamic acid appears in tomatoes is sort of like saying cocaine is natural because it 's derived from ingredients found in the coca leaf .
Of course , it 's all a matter of potency -- you can take a natural plant like coca and drink coca leaf all day long in Peru without any of the dangerous or addictive effects of cocaine .
And if you 're hiking in the Andes , you 'll be very glad you did drink coca leaf tea , because trying to keep up with the locals ( who scramble up steep hillsides as easily as strolling down a paved sidewalk ) is nearly impossible without some invigorating help from the local plants .
Coca leaf tea is not a hard drug , but when you take the active constituents of the coca tea and you refine them into a highly concentrated format , then you get cocaine .
That 's when it becomes a problem .
The same thing is true with MSG .
If you 're eating seaweed , that 's not a problem for your health ; in fact seaweed is very good for you and it's now shown to actually prevent and even help treat cancer .
But if you take MSG out of seaweed or you synthesize MSG and put it into a highly concentrated form , then it functions as a neurotoxin -- that 's why it 's called an excitotoxin by Dr. Russell Blaylock , who is perhaps the world 's foremost authority on MSG and other excitotoxins such as aspartame .
Similarly , whole grain corn is a healthful , nutritious food .
But when you refined that corn and extract the sugars to make high - fructose corn syrup , you now have a blatantly unnatural ingredient that contributes to obesity and type - II diabetes .
Yet the corn associations insist that high - fructose corn syrup is " all natural " because it comes from a plant .
The point is that a food manufacturer can take anything that occurs somewhere in nature and refine it to increase the potency by a factor of 1000 times or more , and then claim that their product is " all natural . "
In other words , if cocaine were legal , they could put crack cocaine in their veggie burgers and call that all natural too .
In fact , they can scrounge up just about anything found on the planet , whether it 's heavy metals like mercury or arsenic , or refined sugars made from beets or corn , and they can put those in their foods and call it all natural .
Of course , it 's all quite ridiculous .
By that definition , anything derived from plants , animals or elements found on planet Earth could earn the " all natural " label .
The key is in understanding that it 's the process that 's unnatural , not the source .
When you chemically or structurally alter food ingredients into a form that no longer appears anywhere in nature , it 's no longer natural , folks .
Regardless of what the food manufacturers claim .
So do n't believe food claims -- even from natural product manufacturers -- that state they are " all natural " unless you also verify what 's on the ingredients label .
And if it has yeast extract , or autolyzed yeast extract , or hydrolyzed vegetable protein or any of these other ingredients that actually harbor MSG , then it is , in my opinion , a deceptively positioned product , because it claims to be natural but in fact uses highly potent refined extracts that do n't occur anywhere near that concentration in nature .
You 'll see a much more detailed discussion of all this in my upcoming book , " Grocery Warning , " due out shortly .
Damien Hirst , For the Love of God
Money complicates everything in contemporary art , and affects every observer .
— Don Thompson
Say you were going to buy a $ 200,000 painting .
I think you should take that money , tie it up , and hang it on the wall .
— Andy Warhol
Was Warhol an idiot savant , pointing a finger at society yet caught , stupefied , in the glare of paparazzi flashes ?
It seems to be fashionable these days , among artists , to either ridicule him or bemoan the Age of Warhol .
Ask ten artists what they think of Warhol and I ’ll bet the majority will express varying degrees of dislike .
The phrase “ 15 minutes of fame ” is so common that it ’s nearly meaningless .
People are as likely to think a Campbell ’s soup can is an image created by Warhol as a food product on the supermarket aisle .
His name , brand , image and imagery have completely permeated culture .
But let ’s play a little game .
Let ’s pretend for just a moment that this is not necessarily what Warhol wanted , or at least not all that he wanted , that there is another version of success that he offered–one that remains all but hidden in the transformation of art into Commodity and artist into Celebrity .
One thing we cannot do : dismiss Warhol .
Like the soup label , Warhol is an image the mind already knows .
So we ’re stuck with him .
But do we know him ?
Have we learned all that he has to teach ?
Are the artists of today caught in the headlights , blindly repeating Warholian gestures in a desperate search for their destinies as art stars ?
Let us consider the version of success we all see in the world today , which is common to ascribe to Warhol .
It is very clear in the art of Damien Hirst , and nowhere more apparent than in his work For the Love of God .
The skull itself is platinum .
It is encrusted with more than 8,000 diamonds ; the one featured on the forehead , a 52.4 carat brilliant - cut pink , alone is worth more than 6 million dollars .
The skull contains more than three times the diamonds than the British Imperial State Crown .
When the skull was shown at the White Cube gallery in London in 2007 in its own room , dimly lit with carefully placed lights , people were allowed in by ticket in groups of ten for five minutes at a time .
The title was suggested by Hirst ’s mother .
It is what she said after hearing about her boy ’s latest project .
A reasonable reaction .
An equally reasonable exclamation would have been , for the love of money !
Because money is one of the primary themes of this work .
I do not say it is the only theme .
The skull as an image is always an object of fascination .
Cultures the world over have used human skulls as sacred objects in rites that involve the celebration of life and the contemplation of death .
It always touches us deeply to see a human skull festooned with flowers or decorated with emblems of the living .
It is only just , given what our society deems valuable , to encrust this skull with gems more excessively than any other object .
That is painting it in the best possible light , and I have no doubt that , should the object go up for auction , the catalogue sales - pitch will read along those lines .
But we , being Warholians , know better .
It ’s mostly about money .
It ’s about the spectacle of money .
We gape in awe at the thing , as we would an aircraft carrier or the Great Pyramid .
Only it ’s not physical size or technical complexity that fascinates , but the glittering visage of such a staggering amount of money smiling back at us ( it ’s a hell of a lot more than the money you could be saving with Geico ) .
It ’s about Damien Hirst , wielder of this power , which is money , and about the person or persons who can afford to buy it .
That is what the Age of Warhol has become .
Warhol himself never received more than 50,000 dollars for one of his works .
That ’s a lot of money , but today they go for millions .
And with that kind of money comes complexity .
As Don Thompson explains in The $ 12 Million Stuffed Shark , “ the Andy Warhol Authentication Board has exactly that problem — judging which works are authentic Warhols . ”
Since Warhol used other craftspeople to execute his silk - screens , they are easy to fake .
Those who like to dismiss
Warhol might chalk this up to proof of his stupidity , but as Thompson points out , some scholars claim that “ it was exactly the practice of blurring authorship and using mass production that produced his place in art history . ”
But scholars will say anything to make their point .
So here is what Andy Warhol said :
I think it would be great if more people took up silk - screens so that no one would know whether my picture was mine or somebody else’s .
Now why would he say something like that ?
When I ask artist friends this question I do n’t get an answer .
Is the answer “ talk is cheap ” ?
Warhol said a lot of provocative things ; maybe he just wanted to keep everyone guessing .
Likewise Mr. Hirst ’s comment about chasing money would seem to indicate that art is paramount for him , yet he is the creator of For the Love of God .
Are they liars , or are they men divided ?
Is it possible that Warhol , aware that money comes and goes and that the flesh always dies ( and , as far as I know , never tied up a bundle of bills and hung it on the wall ) , had his eye on a certain kind of quasi-immortality that comes to a select few , that maybe he was aiming to be included in this most elite of groups ?
But even if he was n’t , and even if all he ever wanted was to become an Icon like Marilyn Monroe or Coca - Cola , let us look not at what he may or may not have intended , but at the cogency of his actions , and here words are acts .
Because the kind of success that we have thus far been considering is indeed death , just as the monkey - see - monkey - do imitation of Duchamp ’s gestures has resulted in a cesspool .
Again , the creative artist of today , as well as the more sophisticated viewer , is likely to bypass Warhol as a source of inspiration .
No longer a beacon of artistic daring , he has become passe , associated only with the grotesque commodification of art .
Damien
Hirst ’s skull , just as glittery as the once grimy Times Square , speaks .
It says :
You shall not enter ! and I ’m the King of the Mountain !
It would seem , from the point of view of thousands of artists at the very bottom of the food chain , that the “ whole thing is fucked . ”
If art starts chasing money , the whole thing is fucked .
– Damien Hirst
But this is not what Warhol said at all .
Warhol echoed Ducasse when he said , over a hundred years ago : Poetry should be made by all .
Warhol ate popular culture and made it serve him .
He flipped consumerism inside - out with his “ factory , ” his “ products , ” and finally with his own image .
He set an example : make the culture serve you , be its master , do n’t be its slave .
We can only lament the lack of genius and enterprise if few have followed .
Instead what we see is mass imitation of his gestures .
Warhol showed — like no other — how much Americans ’ values are on the surface .
To be sure , he valued the same things , and the great difficulty I have had in trying to write this essay is in resisting using the terminology of business .
Alas , it ca n’t be avoided : Warhol was not only an entrepreneur , but in a significant sense he turned entrepreneurship into an art form .
The great question is , can this be duplicated today in a way that puts art first , or are we stuck with Hirst ’s skull ?
Is the skull the only possible result in the Age of Warhol ?
Or are there other possibilities that have been missed ?
Christopher Lasch , in The Culture of Narcissism , wrote :
In its pathological form narcissism originates as a defense against feelings of helpless dependency in early life … Modern society prolongs the experience of dependence into adult life … at the same time it [ is ] more difficult to find satisfaction … it surrounds the individual with manufactured fantasies of total gratification … undermines more modest fantasies … and makes less and less accessible the harmless substitute gratifications , notably art and play …
The struggle against bureaucracy therefore requires a struggle against capitalism itself .
Ordinary citizens cannot resist professional dominance without also asserting control over technical knowledge … they will have to create their own communities of competence .
Only then will the productive capacities of modern capitalism , together with the scientific knowledge that now serves it , come to serve the interests of humanity instead .
( p 231 , p 235 W.W. Norton & Co. 1978 )
Here in a nutshell is Warhol ’s problem as well as the solution that he attempted .
One might argue that Warhol , his factory notwithstanding , lacked the conscious intent that the above seems to ascribe to him .
But again , conscious intentions are not at issue here , only the cogency of Warhol ’s actions .
The factory itself , the taking back of industrial techniques , the glorified display of the narcissistic gaze , all point to a way of setting capitalism on its head , of empowering a “ community of competence , ” of restoring the regenerative power of art and play , of moving toward the opportunity of finding the humanity that is always submerged or slipping away in a buy - and - throw - away - culture .
Consider his “ living portraits ” : since the camera is left running before the sitter , the postures or the masks one ordinarily presents to the world may fall away , even if for a fleeting moment .
It is as true a portraiture as anyone has ever produced .
To reformulate the original question : Did Warhol live at a certain point in history that allowed him to flourish , despite himself ?
We all know that some artists are born at just the right time .
Take Jack London .
He had a lust for exploration and a knack for clear writing — the perfect combination to coincide with a wider interest in Alaska and the burgeoning market for short stories .
Lucky London .
Was Warhol lucky ?
Was he just born at the right time ?
Could Warhol happen but once , and then , innocence lost , enter Jeff Koons ?
Is an artist either everything or nothing , a millionaire or a nobody ?
Are we all held captive by the oligopoly of billionaire collectors and their firm hand on the museums ?
And is it ultimately our fault , because we all go along with a value system that puts money on the top ?
Really , who among us who have put our blood into making art would refuse the advances of a Charles Saatchi ?
I am only sure of one thing .
The way out of the mess is not to blindly imitate the superficial gestures of artists like Duchamp and Warhol .
Let them take their place in history .
And let Hirst be the King of the Mountain .
There ’s still real work to do down here on the rough ground , where the diamonds are .
Mark Kerstetter writes poetry , fiction and essays on art and literature .
He loves to draw and make art out of wood salvaged from demolition sites , and samples it all on The Bricoleur .
2:30 p.m. :
It was an eventful practice for the Maple Leafs , squeezed in between a 6 - 3 loss at home to Phoenix last night and a Friday game at Buffalo , a destination where Toronto rarely has any success .
Toronto has called up winger Viktor Stalberg from the Marlies and the 23 - year - old will be in the lineup against the Sabres .
Coach Ron Wilson said that defenceman Luke Schenn will also be back in uniform tomorrow against the Sabres .
He has sat the last three games as a healthy scratch .
And goaltender Jonas Gustavsson , coming off a second heart procedure to correct an irregular heartbeat , will also be dressed as Vesa Toskala 's backup .
Gustavsson , who missed eight games , may start on Saturday when the Leafs host Boston .
Wilson said he wo n't make that decision until after the Buffalo game .
To make room for Gustavsson , the Leafs have returned goaltender Joey MacDonald to the minors .
" We want to have options , " Wilson said of Stalberg 's arrival .
" We have 12 forwards right now and our team is a little bit tired .
We 've had so many games and not enough time to practice and I want a little more speed in the lineup , especially with a couple of games this weekend . "
Stalberg had a great camp for the Leafs scoring six goals and adding three assists in eight games and stuck with the big club once the season started .
But that exhibition game success did n't continue in the regular season .
Stalberg played eight games but had just one assist in those outings .
" It 's great being back .
You know what it takes ( to have NHL success ) a bit more , I think , " said Stalberg .
" I think I might be a little more level headed ; not get too up or too down on yourself .
It 's hard to play on team that is losing ( as the Leafs were at the start of the season ) .
It 's hard to excel as an individual .
It 's a different atmosphere coming in the locker room now than what it was when I left .
I think that 'll make things easier . "
Stalberg skated as an extra on the fourth line today , moving in and out of drills with Jamal Mayers , Rickard Wallin and Colton Orr. Wilson would not say who will come out of the lineup to make room but it is unlikely Stalberg will skate on the fourth line tomorrow night .
Wilson has questioned Schenn 's preparation and focus for games and wanted the 20 - year - old to watch some tapes and " reset " his game .
" I would hope he 's got a fire lit under his rear end , " said Wilson .
" We 'll spot him until we feel comfortable that he 's ready to play .
I expect him to have a good game tomorrow night and be more aggressive than he has been and get his feet moving right off the bat . "
Schenn feels he benefited from his exile to the press box .
" The game looks a lot different from up top , that 's for sure , " said Schenn .
" You realize , sometimes , how much time you 've got .
You try watch some of the guys on our team who are playing well and how they get in the shooting lanes on the penalty kill and how they move the puck .
Hopefully , I learned .
We 'll move on and hopefully it 'll make me better in the long run . "
11:51 a.m. : Viktor Stalberg is on the ice with the Leafs at practice this morning .
Stalberg was recalled from the Marlies – the Leafs have had a roster spot open since one became vacant when defencemen Carl Gunarsson was injured ( elbow ) .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Stalberg , on the fourth line this morning , had eight goals and 13 assists in 19 games with the Marlies , and was a plus - 6 .
He appeared in eight games with the Leafs this season , and posted one assist with a minus - 5 .
With a file from Mark Zwolinski
Ich wollte ja ursprünglich Moderator sein , aber aus NPOV - Gründen haben wir das lieber den Andreas machen lassen , aber ich habe mich dann in die Veranstaltung reingehackt und saß neben dem Podium ohne Mikrofon auf einem Sofa .
Eigentlich hatte ich da einen Freud - Ohrensessel haben wollen , aber den haben wir nicht organisiert gekriegt .
Ich wollte noch Kristian Köhntopp auf das Sofa setzen , aber der kam nicht ( ich gratuliere übrigens herzlich ) .
Ich habe auch verpeilt , da mit einer Packung Popcorn anzukommen , und so war ich im Wesentlichen auf ein gelegentliches Facepalm reduziert , habe aber über Kurts Mikro einmal in der Mitte und einmal am Ende etwas eingeworfen .
Inhaltlich gab es dann natürlich doch viel Bashing .
Das Publikum schien mir teilweise extra dafür angereist , um mal dem Saal erzählen zu können , wie ihnen auch der erste Artikel erstmal gelöscht wurde und dass sie seitdem keinen Bock mehr haben .
Insbesondere ein Teilnehmer war ausgesprochen verärgert , dass aus dem Artikel zu Jörg Schönbohm eine umfangreiche Liste von grenzwertigen " nationalkonservativen "
Äußerungen entfernt worden seien , wie sich denn das mit dem immer hochgehaltenen NPOV vereinbaren ließe , und dass das seiner Meinung nach eine faule Ausrede sei und alle Moderationen oder Zensurmaßnahmen letzlich politisch seien .
Sinn von so einem Podium ist ähnlich eines Interviews natürlich auch immer , Leute zu entlarvenden Aussagen zu verleiten .
Bei dem Wikipedia - Podium waren die entlarvensten Äußerungen meiner Ansicht nach die folgenden :
Auf den Vorschlag hin , die User die Artikelqualität und - relevanz beurteilen zu lassen , z.B. mit einem Amazon - ähnlichen Fünf - Sterne - System , entgegnete Kurt Jansson , dann würde ein Pokemon - Artikel sicher auch durchkommen , und er sagte das , als sei damit der Vorschlag offensichtlich vollständig ad absurdum geführt .
Die Idee , dass vielleicht jemand einen Pokemon - Artikel für sinnvoll halten oder gar aktiv suchen und einen Nutzen daraus ziehen könnte , war für ihn so abseitig , dass er da gar nicht drauf gekommen ist .
An der Stelle hat man gut gesehen , dass hinter der ganzen Rhetorik von wegen " Qualitätssicherung " und " Relevanz " doch immer nur steckt , das eigene Weltbild dem Rest aufzudrücken .
Mathias fing an der einen Stelle plötzlich an , dass die Leute ja gerne versuchen würden , die Realität zu verändern , indem sie in der Wikipedia die Fakten ändern , quasi die Wikipedia als Realitäts - Editor .
Fand ich eine charmante Idee , bis er ausführte , dass er damit die " Zensursula " und " Mogis " - Debatte meinte .
Man könne die Zensursula - Sache nicht in der Wikipedia mit einem Editor für wichtig erklären ( ich paraphrasiere jetzt hier brutal , wie seine Aussage bei mir ankam ) , sondern man müsse da in der realen
Welt dafür sorgen , dass das wichtig sei , und dann käme das von alleine in der Wikipedia an .
Bei der Wikipedia kam das also zumindest partiell so an , als würden wir unsere Mahnwachen bei ihnen reineditieren , um sie der Presse gegenüber als wichtiger darzustellen als sie eigentlich sind .
An dieser Stelle ist das Podium schon ein Erfolg gewesen für mich , denn nur wenn man diese
Art von anderer Perspektive versteht , kann man die daraus resultierenden Aktionen verstehen und sinnvoll diskutieren .
Kurt kam mehrfach mit dem " na wenn es euch nicht gefällt , dann forkt halt " Holzhammer .
In einem Podium über die Zukunft der Wikipedia kommt das einer Bankrotterklärung gleich .
Mathias relativierte dann noch die Löschung von Details wie dem " Zensursula " - Lemma aus der Netzzensur - Debatte damit , dass da ja an anderer Stelle in der Wikipedia schon die Debatte an sich erwähnt würde , und da ja nicht alles wegzensiert worden sei .
Angesichts systematischen Entfernens von Verweisen auf Mogis aus diversen Artikeln hat das Argument bei mir und anderen Beobachtern nur noch ungläubiges Staunen ausgelöst .
Update : Oh , ein Highlight möchte ich noch erwähnen .
Kurt argumentierte an einer Stelle , man würde ja fürs Kochen nicht die Wikipedia konsultieren .
Daraufhin meinte einer aus dem Publikum , gerade beim Kochen sei es wichtig , dass man freie Inhalte haben könne für seine Rezepte und Lebensmittelfotos .
Falls diese Anspielung für jemanden zu subtil war : mit Abmahnungen zu Lebensmittelfotos bestreiten im Internet einige Abmahner ihren Lebensunterhalt ( oder könnten von der gefühlten Menge des abgemahnten Geldes her ; wer weiß , vielleicht haben die ja auch Nebenjobs ) .
Update : Mathias Schindler weist darauf hin , dass für freie Fotos von Essen Wikimedia Commons zuständig ist und für Kochbücher Wikibooks .
Update : Kurt Jansson schickt mir gerade folgende Klarstellung :
Was ich gesagt habe ist , dass ein Pokemon - Artikel immer 5 Sterne hätte , egal wie gut oder schlecht er ist .
Oder noch deutlicher : Sobald wir das einführen wird es in den Naziforen Aufrufe geben , bestimmte Versionen des Artikels " Holocaustleugnung " hoch zu bewerten , den Artikel zur " taz " hingegen runterzuwerten , egal wie der gerade ausschaut .
Das hatte ich offensichtlich falsch verstanden .
Well the boys are back to school and Bella and I are finding plenty to do !
Yesterday — homemade gummy bears !
We decided that learning how to make gummy bears , would be a project .
All we needed was 1 - 3 oz box of flavored gelatin and 2 – 1 / 4 oz packages of unflavored gelatin , water and candy molds .
( we used two candy molds )
Gummy Candy Recipe
Place 1/3 cup water in a small sauce pan .
Sprinkle the Jello and unflavored gelatin over the water .
Let sit 5 – 10 minutes .
( If you like chewier gummi candy add in another packet of unflavored gelatin . )
Place sauce pan over medium heat and stir until gelatin is dissolved , about 2 - 5 minutes .
When mixture is liquid and all gelatin has dissolved , remove from heat .
Let cool a minute and then pour into a container that is easy to pour from .
I use a small ceramic creamer pitcher .
Fill molds .
If you save the inside of the advent calendar for projects like do , it works perfect !
The sheet of star molds worked a bit better than the bears because they are a bit deeper .
However , I must say we were just needing an activity so our standards were pretty low — we thought they all turned out great !
Allow to cool completely , about 20 minutes .
They may be placed in a refrigerator for about 10 minutes if the kids are eager .
Once cool , the backs can be lightly dusted with corn starch , if desired .
Peel the gummi candy out of the molds .
Do n’t be shy , you wo n’t hurt them when peeling them from the molds .
No need to oil the molds !
Enjoy !
Make homemade stickers with the unused unflavored gelatin packets .
Notes :
My son felt the blue ones were n’t flavorful enough .
Next time we will try 2 boxes Jello , 3 packages of unflavored gelatin and 1/2 cup water .
1976 : Ten dead in Northern Ireland ambush
Ten Protestant men have been shot dead as they were returning home from work in a mini-bus in Northern Ireland .
The attack happened on the Whitecross to Bessbrook Road in South Armagh this evening as the men , all textile workers , returned from a factory six miles from Bessbrook .
The mini- bus in which they were travelling was ambushed by up to a dozen attackers .
It is believed the massacre was in revenge for the murders of five Catholics in Lurgan and Whitecross last night .
Initial reports suggest the passengers were forced to line up outside their vehicle , after which they were systematically gunned down .
They were just lying like dogs
Johnston Chapman
The Apache Software Foundation has arguably been the leading force for open - source software over the last 10 years and promises to continue being a force in the new decade .
During a visit to the organization 's corporate headquarters in Forest Hill , Md. , Jim Jagielski , chairman of the ASF board of directors , told eWEEK that ASF has indeed had a " huge impact " on the industry .
Over the last decade , Apache has been " more pervasive in Web infrastructure and open - source software infrastructure than any other organization out there , " Jagielski said .
" If you are using Java , you 're doing Log4J or Tomcat .
We 've made inroads for other organizations and for open - source software to gain entry in the enterprise .
Enterprise organizations will try the [ Apache ]
Web server first , and they tend to get a different view of open - source software .
And that encourages them to look at other open - source software projects out there .
The Apache Software Foundation is pretty much their first test of open - source software , and that 's a pretty awesome responsibility . "
Moreover , the Apache license tends to be more business - friendly than some other OSS licenses , which has helped Apache software gain further adoption .
" You can take the code with the Apache license and bring it in and use it to build on top of , and the license is free enough for you to do a business , " Jagielski said .
" But it 's not necessarily business - focused . "
The ASF celebrated its 10th anniversary with a big celebration at the ApacheCon conference in Oakland , Calif. , in November .
Oakland was selected as the venue partly because , despite the ASF being incorporated in Maryland , " the West Coast is really the spiritual home of the ASF , " Jagielski said .
He said many early contributors as well as new adopters were on hand at ApacheCon to discuss the various Apache projects , such as the Hadoop framework for data - intensive distributed applications .
" Hadoop has created a life of its own , " Jagielski said .
" In 10 short years we 're seeing this incredible growth , and I think about where the next possible 10 years of innovation will take us . "
One thing that has already begun is instead of only having one big conference in ApacheCon , going forward ASF will provide more informal events like bar camps , user group meetings and hackathons to support the community .
Support from Microsoft and Google
In addition , the ASF has branched out and responded positively to aggressive courtship from unlikely sources , such as Microsoft .
Microsoft committed to contribute $ 100,000 to the ASF as a platinum sponsor of the organization in a move brokered largely by Sam Ramji , former director of platform strategy at Microsoft and current president of the CodePlex Foundation and vice president of strategy at Sonoa .
" I was sad to see Sam Ramji leave Microsoft because in Sam Microsoft had somebody who understood open - source software instead of someone drinking the Kool - Aid , " Jagielski said .
" Microsoft is starting to get to the point where they are like IBM and Sun were five to eight years ago .
Microsoft realizes they can sell more Windows licenses if they use open - source software because a lot of open - source software runs on Windows . "
Jagielski touted Microsoft's " generosity , " adding , " I 'm a very pragmatic person .
There are a lot of people out there who see anything Microsoft does as nefarious .
I 'm more pragmatic .
Sure , I 'd like to see Microsoft get further along , but I could say the same thing for Sun , Oracle and IBM . "
However , Jagielski gave a thumbs - up to Microsoft 's efforts in spinning out the CodePlex Foundation as a community effort for developers to build open - source software for Microsoft platforms .
" My understanding is it 's more of a clearinghouse for Microsoft employees , " Jagielski said .
" They created this independent organization that has this license that Microsoft employees [ and others ] can donate to .
It helps smooth that path of code transfer out there .
I like what Microsoft is doing to get developers to have code they can add to so engineers do n't have to re-create the wheel . "
To spread the ASF love around a little , Jagielski also praised another industry powerhouse , Google , for its contributions to the ASF and to the open - source community at large .
Google has been " incredibly open " and " they 've donated a lot of code to ASF and to the open - source community , " Jagielski said .
" They 've been a charter member and a continuing sponsor of the ASF .
Certainly , it would be easy to say it would be nice to have some of that secret sauce they have , but the fact they 've donated so much speaks for itself .
Google has proven you can create a large , complex infrastructure with barebones Linux servers and open - source software . "
By Gaetan Portal
BBC News
Sussex University student Hester Stewart died after taking GBL A ban on several drugs known as " legal highs " has come into force .
The substances , including GBL and BZP , become Class C drugs , with a possible two - year jail sentence for possession .
Ministers moved to classify them after a recommendation from the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs and fears they are a threat to user health .
GBL was linked to the death of medical student Hester Stewart , 21 , in Brighton last April .
Her mother , Maryon , campaigned nationally for the ban .
So - called legal highs are typically man-made chemical substances designed to act like banned drugs .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Scientists , officials and police officers have been concerned for several years that GBL , BZP and other so - called " legal highs " have been sold openly across Britain and on the internet , despite evidence that they can be harmful to health .
GBL , which metabolises in the body into the already banned drug GHB , will become a Class C drug carrying maximum jail terms of two years for possession and 14 years for supply .
Piperazines , of which BZP is the most popular , are also being made Class C drugs .
This group of drugs is popular on the club scene as an alternative to ecstasy and amphetamines .
DRUGS : THE FACTS
For more detail on drug classification see below
Drugs :
The facts Synthetic cannabis has also been banned and become a Class B drug .
Possession of products such as " spice " , a herbal mixture laced with psycho-active chemicals , now carries a maximum five - year jail term .
Fifteen anabolic steroids , associated with drug abuse in sport , have also been classified as Class C. HAVE YOUR SAY Banning something does not put it under the control of the government .
If anything it removes government control and places control in the hands of dealers Rob , London , UK Police chiefs say their response will be proportionate and focused on dealers .
Home Secretary Alan Johnson said the government was committed to raising awareness of the dangers of psychoactive substances through its Frank campaign , but also wanted to send a clear message to those thinking of using the drugs .
" We are cracking down on so - called ' legal highs ' which are an emerging threat , particularly to young people , " said Mr Johnson .
" That is why we are making a range of these substances illegal from today with ground - breaking legislation which will also ban their related compounds . "
Crack substitute Scientists at the Forensic Science Service laboratories have recently discovered that drug dealers in London have been using one of the newly - banned drugs to manufacture fake " crack cocaine " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Dean Ames of the FSS said : " We occasionally see materials that appear to be crack cocaine , that end up being innocuous substances [ such as ] candlewax as crack cocaine .
" But , quite recently , we have seen a new form of drug that has been submitted to us that actually contains piperazines and would resemble a crack cocaine - type substance . "
Piperazines were first developed as a worming agent and are also used in some manufacturing processes .
The FSS says " legal highs " based on the chemical have become more prevalent than ecstasy .
Wednesday 's ban is unlikely to be the last .
The Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs will next year consider a new wave of so - called " legal highs " , which are based on a group of chemicals known as cathinones .
However , the recent controversy over the sacking of the council 's chairman , Professor David Nutt , and the subsequent resignation of council members in protest , could mean any final recommendations are delayed .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
You might have seen them drifting dreamily about Harajuku or Daikanyama , dressed in floaty layers , flat pumps and earthy colors that attest to an artistic sensibility at one with nature .
This is the Mori Girl ( 森ガール , Forest Girl ) , a trend that took off in fashion magazines such as Spoon , Fudge and Spur in a big way this year .
Mori Girl actually first appeared two years ago in a community on Mixi .
Japan ’s most popular social networking site also helped spawn a new subset this year .
Meet the Swamp Girl ( 沼ガール , Numa Girl ) , a Mori mutation begging for attention and respect .
Sick of being laughed at for their frilly , floaty , earthy fashions Numa Girls openly state that they embrace the Mori Girl look — for all the wrong reasons .
Here ’s an abridged version of the manifesto posted on the top page of the Numa Girl community on Mixi :
We love loose - fitting dresses , but people often ask us if we ’re pregnant .
We like leggings , but that ’s because long johns are great when it ’s cold .
We like motifs depicting sweets or animals , not because they ’re cute but because they look delicious .
We like flat heels not because they ’re especially fashionable but because they ’re easy to walk in .
We like fairy tales but also check out erotic fiction .
Short nails make us look natural but are also useful when we have to pick our noses .
Trying to be cute we wear our hair long and curly with a fringe but we actually end up looking more like Sadako ( scary haired lady from “ Ring ” who climbs out of a well to menace people ) .
Since it ’s common for women in Japan to spend a lot of money and effort on their appearance , a group that openly parodies and subverts these values is a breath of fresh air .
The Numa Girl manifesto ends with : “ Who calls us girls ?
We ’re not girls at all .
People often say we look like we ’ve crawled out of a swamp or up from the bottom of a well .
Do n’t call us Forest Girls — we ’re Swamp Girls .
Look out !
We dare anyone to make fun of us because we got there first . ”
Outside Mixi , on Kanshin Kukan , comments on Numa Girl are varied .
One user theorized that perhaps Swamp Girls are evolved from young girls who wander into the forest and lose their way ; after they reach 30 they ca n’t go back , so they become Swamp Girls .
Another user said that being a Swamp Girl sounds like lots of fun and she ’s going to do her best to achieve the look .
For the record , at the time of this writing the Numa Girl community on Mixi had 6,717 members , compared to 40,398 for the Mori Girl community .
Clearly , they ’ve still got a ways to go before they make the cover of Spoon .
We looked in our mailbox today and saw stuffed in the very bottom what looked like garbage was actually one of those slips that we need to go pick something up .
So , I put the kids in the car and go down to the post office and wait the 30 minutes to retrieve my package .
I got home , grabbed the camera and was so excited when I opened this masterpiece up .
Joshthegoat , thank you so much , it is the first reddit themed art I have ever had personalized for me and I love it .
It will be hung above my desk where I work all the time .
Yay !!!!!!
A recent report in Nature discusses the finding of a new type of viral inclusion in animal DNA , including humans .
About 8 % of the human genome is actually comprised of viral DNA – bits of viral genetic code that have been inserted at sometime in the past through a process called endogenization .
Up until now the only source of these viral endogenous elements was retroviruses – virsues that can take their RNA and make it into DNA that can be inserted into the DNA of the host organism it is infecting .
Retroviruses then exploit the replicating machinery of the host to crank out more copies of themselves .
So it makes sense that these retroviruses can have their DNA occasionally wind up in the genomes of the animals they infect – which can happen when the viral DNA is inserted into a germline cell ( sperm or egg ) and then can be passed onto the next generation .
Usually cells that are so infected die , but it can happen that a mutation occurs in the viral DNA after it is inserted rendering it non-functional .
It is therefore stuck there and gets pass on as “ junk ” in the DNA .
Now researchers report the first evidence of non-retroviral endogenous regions from many animal species , including humans – from the bornavirus , or borna disease virus ( BDV ) .
BDV is not a retrovirus and does not have reverse transcriptase – the enzyme necessary to turn RNA into DNA – but its life cycle takes place in the nucleus of host cells .
Apparently it spends so much time replicating in the nucleus that bits of its RNA can get converted to DNA and stuck in the host genome .
This is a less common event than with retroviruses , but it happens .
BDV DNA has been found in infected cells .
They also found two instances in humans of endogenous BDV sequences that had open reading frames – which means they were functional enough to actually code for proteins .
These proteins are actually being made inside cells , but they have no apparent function .
This is not the first instance of this phenomenon .
Essentially , viral bits get stuck in genomes where they mutate and degenerate and become useless bits of junk .
But occasionally mutations may render these bits viable – able to make proteins .
These proteins probably start out as useless , and may mutate back into uselessness .
But they also may be co-opted by the host ( through chance mutations ) to serve some useful purpose .
Implications for Evolution
Creationists do n’t like the notion of junk DNA , any more than they like the concept of vestigial organs – the two concepts are closely related .
Both imply an evolutionary past .
Both also are partly founded upon an argument of exclusion , which they try to present as an argument from ignorance ( but there is a subtle difference ) .
An argument from exclusion basically says that we do not know of any function for junk DNA therefore it probably has none .
Such arguments are only as good as the extent to which we have searched for a function .
After about a century of genetics , and half a century of studying DNA , we have a reasonable level of confidence that much of junk DNA is indeed junk .
You cannot prove once and forever a negative claim , but you can get to high levels of confidence .
An argument from ignorance takes the form – we do not know what the function of junk DNA is , therefore it has this specific function ( for which there is no positive evidence ) .
It is also true that over the years we have discovered functions for some of what was previously considered junk DNA , but only a small fraction .
This was to be expected .
Initially scientists identified the coding regions of DNA – those bits for the parts of genes that directly code for proteins .
Near these coding genes were also identified regulatory regions – these determine when and how the gene is expressed .
But between these coding and regulatory regions are vast sections of DNA with no apparent function , despite extensive efforts to find one .
This is the so - called junk DNA .
But it is not surprising that over the years , as we learn more and more about the complexity of DNA , its function and regulation , we would discover that some parts of that junk DNA do play a role in DNA function ( for example , in regulating gene expression ) .
What creationists do is immediately extrapolate from such discoveries to the unwarranted conclusion that all of junk DNA has some hidden function .
This is a position they can maintain forever , as it does not require any evidence on their part .
But there is also more to our knowledge of junk DNA than just that we cannot find a function for it – such as the identification of viral endogenes and pseudogenes .
These are stretches of DNA that not only have no known function but also correspond to known segments of viral RNA .
Why would there be a stretch of DNA in the human genome that looks like a bit of a viral gene , but incomplete and apparently non-functioning ?
This is more than an argument of exclusion .
Also – why would it be that the only viral segments we have discovered are from retroviruses and now BVDs ?.
If you make the argument that the creator is recycling some viral code , why only from those that either place their RNA in animal genomes as part of their lifecycle , or at least replicate in the nucleus and occasionally make some DNA ?
But it also gets better , because these viral endogenous DNA segments are not sprinkled at random throughout the animal kingdom – they occur in a pattern consistent with our picture of common descent .
In other words , we find the same endogenous viruses in the same locations in related species – in an evolutionary pattern .
There is a coherence to the evolutionary explanation of endogenous viruses , with multiple lines of evidence converging on evolution as the answer .
Conclusion
We are likely to find more functions , or at least effects , of some of what is now called junk DNA , but not all of it .
Nature is resourceful and makes use of what is there , but it is also messy and clutter does not go away unless it provides a significant enough disadvantage to survival .
So our DNA is a bit cluttered .
But there is useful information in that junk DNA – it is partly a record of our evolutionary past , and it provides powerful evidence for common descent .
In fact , common descent is the only viable explanation for the pattern of endogenous viruses we have discovered in various species .
Creationists do n’t have a viable alternative scientific hypothesis ( just their go - to default untestable explanati0n – goddidit ) – they can only take pot shots at the science in order to generate confusion and doubt .
That is because creationism is not a science , it is denialism , and confusion and doubt is all they have .
Huckabee : ' Less than likely ' I 'll run in 2012
Mike Huckabee , the former Republican governor from Arkansas who has his own Fox show told Chris Wallace on " Fox News Sunday " that a 2012 presidential bid is " less than likely " and depends on whether Roger Ailes , the head of Fox News , keeps liking his show .
" The reason I would n’t is that this Fox gig I ’ve got is really wonderful , " he said , talking about whether or not he would get in the race given that he is a GOP front runner according to most recent polls .
" Jumping into the pool , you gottta make sure there is some water in it . "
Huckabee said that GOP leaders would be foolhardy to think that President Barack Obama is an easy mark in 2012 , given the example of President Bill Clinton 's easy re-election for a second term after a bruising midterm in 1994 .
And Huckabee said that during his 2008 campaign , he never got the backing of the GOP establishment .
" The Republican Party needs to unite in 2012 , " he said .
Michael Schumacher 's possible return to action with Mercedes in 2010 has been the hot topic in Formula 1 circles since BBC Sport pundit Eddie Jordan first put meat on the bones of the vague rumours last month - and it is now looking increasingly likely to happen .
Bosses at the Mercedes team have all scrupulously avoided dampening down the speculation in the last couple of weeks , with the latest remarks coming from chief executive Nick Fry , who said a comeback by the seven - time champion would be " very interesting " .
And this morning , the German tabloid Bild reported that Mercedes had offered Schumacher a salary of seven million euros ( £ 6.3 m ) .
On top of that , my information is increasingly that Schumacher 's return as Nico Rosberg 's team - mate is looking like a done deal .
Jordan says he thinks it will now definitely happen - and he believes it is only subject to a medical examination by leading F1 physician Dr Johannes Piel on the neck injury that stopped him returning as a replacement for Felipe Massa last summer .
Other sources are pointing in the same direction .
One figure who until recently had a senior role at Ferrari , who would have to release Schumacher from his consultancy contract , is saying it is definitely going to happen .
And I received cast - iron information from a reliable source this morning about the plans of those potentially affected by Schumacher 's decision that , shall we say , points very strongly to him driving for Mercedes in 2010 .
( If that sounds vague , I 'm sorry , but I was told in confidence and cannot reveal any more ) .
Armed with this mounting evidence , I phoned Schumacher 's media spokeswoman Sabine Kehm to ask her what was going on with her client .
Suppose you were liable to be called away at a moment 's notice – for a long time – and you could n't take pets along .
What if you suddenly got that chance to go to the Antarctic and inspect its wildlife ?
( Oh please , National Science Foundation . )
Perhaps you hope for a last - minute berth to visit the International Space Station .
Or maybe you fear arrest .
In any of these cases , you wo n't be able to bring beloved animals .
You may have made tentative arrangements .
" Will you keep Tag if I go to McMurdo ?
Just do n't give him too much water late at night . "
" If I get the nod , I 'll take Hairball to the launch site and hand her over to you in the parking lot , okay ?
Just put your houseplants up high . "
" If they do n't grant bail , can I count on you to take the piranha tank ?
Just do n't put your hand in the water . "
But what if you are a fundamentalist Christian who believes in the Rapture ?
Specifically , if you believe you will be Raptured prior to a period of tribulation ?
( Some argue Rapture will occur after Tribulation . )
Animals are said to be ineligible for Rapture .
( Ecclesiastes 3:21 , for example , refers to " the spirit of man that goeth upward , and the spirit of the beast that goeth downward to the earth " . )
What will become of your pets when you are snatched up to heaven ?
Really bad stuff is predicted to happen during Tribulation .
How safe will a small fluffy dog be ?
Who will look out for the interests of an indoor cat , a tank of fish who actually have quite narrow temperature requirements , or a bird with only a few words of English ?
Post - Rapture Tribulationists in the United States have a possible answer .
Eternal Earth - Bound Pets , USA , is staffed by avowed atheists , also ineligible for Rapture .
For a one - time charge of $ 110 , they pledge to adopt your pet if you are Raptured within the next 10 years .
Founded in June 2009 , they now cover 22 states .
I called Eternal Earth - Bound Pets ( EEBP ) and spoke to co-founder Bart Centre .
Under the name Dromedary Hump , Centre has a blog , The Atheist Camel , and has self - published The Atheist Camel Chronicles : Debate Themes & Arguments for the Non-Believer ( and those who think they might be ) .
He 's a retired executive , and " a lifelong activist in the culture war between theist demagoguery and free thinkers . "
Centre is emphatic that the offer is not a hoax .
" It 's a very serious offering , " he says .
" We 're not poking fun .
We 're saying in very clear language that we do not believe , but if we 're wrong , and you 're right , then we 're here . "
Representatives ( who will adopt pets in the event of Rapture ) are screened carefully .
" They 're atheists known to us personally as friends or relatives . "
Centre says the notion originated in a chapter of The Atheist Camel Chronicles in which " I mused over the end time theology ... and asked how could I make this into a business venture ? "
There could be a large market .
" There are 40 - 50 million believers in the Rapture in this country , " Centre says .
He has n't been able to learn how many think Rapture will precede ( not follow ) Tribulation .
" Say the target market is 20 — 40 million people . "
How 's business ?
Email is pouring in , " more debates than customers , " Centre says .
" We have gotten thousands of emails from atheists congratulating us on this wonderful joke .
But it 's not a joke . "
That 's 85 % of the email .
Ten percent comes from angry or reproachful Christians .
" Five percent are people who take it seriously , who have had this on their minds .
They 're feeling us out . "
In November EEBP announced their 100th client , the first in New England , Centre 's territory .
" I 'm happy to be able to assure our latest client that her pups will be part of my family , and in good company , should the Rapture take her over the next 10 years . "
That 's not very many .
Do n't Rapture believers care about animals ?
Jerry B Jenkins , co-author of the Left Behind series , waffles about pets .
In The Authorised Left Behind Handbook he says the Bible does n't deal with the issue .
" People always ask me , ' Is my dog going to be raptured ? '
' Will I see my cat in heaven ? '
There is imagery of animals in heaven , but we do n't know if they are our personal pets . "
Jenkins would n't want you to think the books do n't mention animals .
During Tribulation earthquakes , " We see dogs running in circles and roadkill - type animals running across the street . " ( " Roadkill - type animals ? "
I 'm not having Jenkins watch my pets this weekend , let alone during a Tribulation . )
Some experts opine that animals are pleasant company , so while soulless pets can't be saved , there may still be animals in heaven , fungible furry friends .
Yet it would seem logical for believers to worry about the fate of particular beloved pets .
" I actually did think it would be a larger initial response , " Centre says .
Why have n't more people signed up ?
" There 's a very good reason why .
They do n't trust atheists ...
They see us as immoral and untrustworthy . "
When correspondents raise this issue , " I remind them of the good Samaritan that Jesus spoke of .
So one does not have to have belief in the God of Abraham to be a good person . "
Believers might also have read Centre 's blog and noted his tendency to refer to people much like themselves as " sheeple . "
But if they read thoroughly he will seem less hostile to believers .
He appears to be on good terms with his " much - put- upon Episcopal wife . "
If EEBP 's market was originally conceived of as post - Rapture Tribulationists , it now appears narrower : post - Rapture Tribulationists who love particular pets , and who can bring themselves to trust atheists .
While the number of customers for Rapture insurance has disappointed , the site has gotten a gratifying amount of publicity .
EEBP sells ancillary merchandise – T - shirts and tote bags – through Cafe Press .
Publicity also boosts The Atheist Camel Chronicles .
Centre is delighted to find the book " in the top 20 of Amazon 's atheist list .
I 'm right up there with Dawkins and Hitchens and all the big names . "
As for the core business , perhaps sales are about to spike .
It 's the perfect gift for every pet- loving post - Rapture Tribulationist on your list .
If you get it for them , they do n't have to worry about whether to trust atheists .
What else are you going to get them , a headstone ?
And the White House think that passing a bullshit bill will bring their poll numbers back up ?
Please .
This is 2009 , not 1993 .
And all the concessions to the pharmaceutical companies are coming back to ROOST .
From The Ed Show
YouTube
Cross-posted @ Daily Kos
Home Page
Plural Lineages in the Human mtDNA Genome
At the time I wrote Age and Origin of the Human Species , published research on the mitochondrial genome could not support conclusions regarding human origins .
Accordingly , I had to leave it an open question .
The cited research by Awadalla , Eyre - Walker , and others , was challenged .
Innan and Nordborg review the follow - on studies of recombination .
http://walnut.usc.
edu/~magnus/papers/InnanNordborg02-MBE.pdf
Bottom line , there may well be some recombination , but you can't prove it the way Awadalla tried to .
For the purposes of this discussion it is n't necessary to even understand what recombination in mtDNA means , let alone the details of how it is accomplished : we can simply treat it as an ' object ' in this analysis .
There has been unanimous and vociferous insistence in the media , on one critical afrocentrist assumption : all modern human mtDNA is ' so similar ' that it had to have come from a single woman .
This is known to the public as the ' African Eve ' theory , and researchers speak of the same idea as ' a single genealogy for the mtDNA genome ' .
Far from proving the out - of - Africa theory , that assumed ' single source of all modern mtDNA ' is an absolutely necessary pre-condition for their theory of afro-replacement to be true .
However , there is a fundamental reason to reject the claim that all human mtDNA is ' so similar ' that it must come from one woman !
Consider this sentence , [ italic emphasis mine ] from the first paragraph of the Innan & Nordborg paper , " The argument for recombination is based on the observation that the pattern of polymorphism in mtDNA is incompatible with a single genealogicaltree and unique mutations . "
Thus , there are three things that might account for the observed pattern of polymorphisms : 1 ) recombination , 2 ) more than one lineage , or 3 ) multiple mutations at many sites .
Look at Figure 2 of the Innan paper and you will see that the possibly recombined or repetitively mutated sites are scattered throughout the genome , and do not occur only in the hypervariable region .
Note that the quote from Innan & Nordborg implies that the less recombinationor repetitive , same - site mutation has affected the mitochondrial genome , then the LESS likely it is that there is a single genealogy for the human mtDNA genome .
In other words , unless there has been enough repetitive mutation or recombination to account for the observed pattern of polymorphism , then not all mtDNA is from the same source , as claimed by proponents of the ' African Eve ' or African radiation - and - replacement theories .
On the other hand , the more recombination , or repetitive mutation that has occurred , then the more Eve 's age has been under -estimated .
That is true because the effect of either repeated mutations at one site or recombination is to make the mtDNA genome appear younger than it really is .
If we knew Eve 's era from historical or anthropological data , we could compare that date with the one derived from the mtDNA coalescence algorithm .
The difference between the calculated coalescence result and the historical date would reveal the combined effect of recombination and repetitive mutation .
If that combined effect is obviously insufficient to account for the observed pattern of polymorphism , then we may infer a plural genealogy for the human mtDNA genome .
There is nothing in the historical or anthropological record to independently establish the era of ( a supposed ) human speciation in Africa .
However , the situation in Eurasia is very different .
There we can calibrate the coalescence date of Eurasian strains of mtDNA with an historical event , anthropological evidence , and research on the human y- chromosome .
Thus we can infer the effect ( hence extent ) of recombination and repeated mutations , by comparing those other dates with the result of the mtDNA coalescence calculation .
If the fit on all these dates is fairly close we can be assured that little recombination or repetitive mutation has occurred , hence the observed pattern of polymorphism must be interpreted to reveal plural genealogy for the mtDNA genome .
Refer to the Mishmar paper at , http://www.pnas.org/cgi/reprint/100/1/171.pdf
( second full paragraph , right - hand column , on the first page ) for a brief description of the M and N mtDNA lineages .
Technically , one can't say that these are ' Eurasian specific ' lineages , only because they have found their way into the African population .
Note Mishmar 's admission concerning the afrocentrists ' assertion that M and N evolved / diverged in North Africa .
This paper 's authors come about as close to admitting that is implausible as they can , while remaining politically correct and afro-orthodox .
On the afro-view , M and N lineages diverged from the African Eve 's lineage , while on my view they are the oldest surviving Eurasian lineages .
One 's view as to the origin of the M and N lineages does n't affect the argument I am making in regard to determining the relative contribution of repeated mutation and / or recombination versus plural genealogy .
Mishmarcalculates the M and N lineages are both 65,000 years old , and there was a lot going on in Eurasia around - 65 kyr .
The last common paternal ancestor of Europeans lived at - 59 kyr , as calculated from y - chromosome data .
So we have a date for the male counterpart of Eurasian Eve , calculated from a different genome at a date within 10 % of agreement .
Then , ' modern ' human artifacts are found in Eurasia by - 50 kyr .
Allowing for the fact that it is unlikely that we have found the very first artifacts , and that people may have been genetically modern for awhile before developing human ( Homo sapiens sapiens ) culture , those dates are in remarkable agreement .
Add to that , radiation into Australia by anatomically modern humans may have occurred before - 60 kyrs , and no doubt that radiation took some millennia .
It begins to look like that - 65 kyr coalescence date is right on target , and we could claim there is no influence from recombination and repeated mutation , so all the sites reflected in Figure 2 are evidence for plural genealogies : QED !
However , that would be disingenuous , because I believe there has been some recurrent mutation , though it is possible they have fully accounted for it in their model , and some recombination , which they probably have not explicitly factored in .
So , I would expect that coalescence date to be a little more recent than the era of a genetically significant event , which actually caused modern humans to differentiate from a relatively advanced population of archaic sapiens .
One reason we can expect the loss of lineages existing before the modern type differentiated , is that there could have been a population ' bottle - neck ' associated with speciation itself .
Moreover there must have been a severe population loss in temperate or higher latitudes when Mt. Toba erupted around - 74kyrs and caused a nuclear winter in Eurasia .
That savage selection event alone would account for the loss of archaic Eurasian mtDNA lineages .
It may be significant that the two oldest Eurasian mtDNA lineages are the same age .
The fact that they both date from the same era makes it more plausible that ancient lineages were lost in a specific selection event and / or population bottleneck rather than only through ' lineage sorting ' .
It is comparatively unlikely that two mtDNA lineages would simultaneously diverge from a putative African lineage , and both ( but only they ) migrate from Africa and survive to the present .
It is far more reasonable and parsimonious to assume that no archaic Eurasian lineages survived two severe bottlenecks , and subsequent lineage sorting , in the indigenous Eurasian population .
So , even if we assume that the actual population constriction occurred prior to the coalescence date , and associate it with the obvious selection event of Toba 's eruption , the - 65 kyr coalescence date still calibrates quite closely .
If we compare the dates , we note that - 65 kyrs is only about 12 % less than the putative genetically significant date of - 74 kyrs .
So we can see that both recombination and repeated mutations can only have had a small effect on the calculation of a coalescence date , hence there are not many sites in the mtDNA genome that have experienced recombination or repeated mutation .
But , look at Figure 2 , where it is evident that many of the sites show evidence of either recombination or repeated mutation , or else they are evidence of more than one genealogy for the mtDNA genome !
Accordingly , most of the sites graphed in Figure 2 must be considered as evidence for more than one mtDNA genealogy .
Therefore , M and N lineages are not derived from the African genome , but represent the oldest , surviving lineages of the Eurasian types .
Hence M and N are Eurasian specific lineages that only entered Africa through radiation , rather than coming from Africa In conclusion , recombination and repetitive mutations are not enough ( by a wide margin ) to explain the observed pattern of polymorphisms in the mtDNA genome .
Therefore , there is more than one genealogy : there are two Eurasian maternal lineages , associated with the speciation of modern humans ( Homo sapiens sapiens ) in Eurasia , and another , African lineage .
This falsifies the ' Afro- radiation and replacement ' theory , and the politically correct shibboleth that ' we are all Africans ' .
As explained in Age and Origin of the Human Species , the evidence already pointed to a recent , Eurasian origin for modern humans .
Only the assertion of a single genealogy for mtDNA could be construed as evidence of African replacement , and that assumption is revealed as unjustified .
Mishmar et al , is probably correct to attribute variation , in lineages derived from M and N , to natural selection .
One supposes they theorize that mtDNA selection took place in the last 50 kyrs ( Wallace 's date for an African radiation , quoted in NYT , " Ice Age Ancestry " ) in order to accommodate their theory to the constraints of assuming an African origin for modern humans .
However , it is more plausible that such selection took place in very ancient times ( when pre-human species were adapting to a cold climate ) and was only retained at high latitudes , among people living at low culture levels , as the adaptations come at a fitness cost , and thus were lost when and where physical adaptations were superseded by elaborated clothing and shelter , in the temperate zone and the recent era .
FIG .
2 Evidence for recurrent mutation or recombination ( or both ) in human mtDNA ( data of Ingman et al. 2000 ) .
Each point represents the comparison between a pair of polymorphic sites .
The point is black if the pattern of polymorphism for the pair of loci is such that either recombination must have occurred between the loci or recurrent mutation affected at least one of the loci .
The point is white otherwise .
If recombination has occurred , and ( importantly ) the probability of recombination increases with distance between sites , white points are expected to be clustered along the diagonal ( because recombination is less likely to have effected closely linked sites ) .
Recurrent mutations , on the other hand , might be expected to give rise to a pattern that does not depend on the distance from the diagonal , leading to black " crosses " against a white background .
The D - loop is visible as a cluster of such crosses in the upper right corner ( position 0 corresponds to the first position after the D- loop ) [ Plural Lineages Printer Friendly ]
Yes , that 's a Windows XP error , floating in the sky .
No , it 's not a Photoshop .
And this is what it looked like after a reboot :
Advertisement
Apparently , the fog near a plaza in Ukraine was so utterly intense , advertisements were reflected in the sky .
This one , for a church or a house or a vacation or maybe just some Lysol ran into a little Windows XP oopsie .
I 'm almost sad they did n't just leave the Windows XP error up there , making at least somebody think that God was one of us , cursing his crashing computer .
[ English Russia ]
From HaskellWiki
Using Desktop Environment Config Modules
The following modules from xmonad - contrib make it easy to start with good basic defaults to work within the given desktop environment ( DE ) .
Make sure both the xmonad and xmonad - contrib packages are installed and of the same version , then import the appropriate Config module and begin with one of the example configs below .
The desktop configs enable communication between xmonad and pagers , taskbars , status bars , tray apps , etc. through extended window manager hints ( EWMH's ) .
They also set a prettier root window mouse cursor , bind the default key for gap toggling , and rebind run and logout keys to sensible desktop environment defaults .
You will still need to set up your session management and tell your DE to use xmonad as described in the DE specific documents on Xmonad , but the following will take care of getting xmonad 's part of the puzzle working with a useful default configuration .
Once your DE is ready to use xmonad , placing the appropriate version below in ~/.xmonad / xmonad.hs will ensure xmonad is ready to work with the DE .
Basic desktop config examples
The core functionality used by all the specific DE configs .
( Useful if you just want support for a few specific EWMH apps , or are running something other than KDE , Gnome , or xfce . )
import XMonad import XMonad .
Config .
Desktop main = xmonad desktopConfig
An xmonad.hs for xfce
import XMonad import XMonad .
Config.
Xfce main = xmonad xfceConfig
An xmonad.hs for Gnome
import XMonad import XMonad .
Config .
Gnome main = xmonad gnomeConfig
An xmonad.hs for KDE
import XMonad import XMonad .
Config .
Kde main = xmonad kdeConfig -- or for kde 4 (> xmonad-0.8 * , darcs xmonad ) -- xmonad kde4Config
Customizing desktop environment configs
See the documentation for the XMonad .
Config .
Desktop module for more details on customizing the desktop configs .
However , here are examples of the most common customizations :
Modifying layouts , manageHook , or key bindings
See also Util.EZConfig for more options for modifying key bindings .
To add to layouts , manageHook or key bindings use something like the following to combine your modifications with the desktop config settings :
import XMonad import XMonad .
Config .
Desktop import XMonad .
Layout .
Tabbed import XMonad.Util.EZConfig ( additionalKeys ) main = xmonad $ desktopConfig { -- add manage hooks while still ignoring panels and using default manageHooks manageHook = myManageHook <+> manageHook desktopConfig -- add a fullscreen tabbed layout that does not avoid covering -- up desktop panels before the desktop layouts , layoutHook = simpleTabbed ||| layoutHook desktopConfig } -- add a screenshot key to the default desktop bindings ` additionalKeys ` [ ( ( mod4Mask , xK_F8 ) , spawn " scrot " ) ]
To replace the desktop layouts with your own choices , but still allow toggling panel visibility , use desktopLayoutModifiers to modify your layouts :
, layoutHook = desktopLayoutModifiers $ simpleTabbed | || Tall 1 0.03 0.5
desktopLayoutModifiers modifies a layout to avoid covering docks , panels , etc. that set the _NET_WM_STRUT_PARTIAL property .
See also XMonad .
Hooks .
ManageDocks .
Modifying the logHook
To add to the logHook while still sending workspace and window information to DE apps use something like :
, logHook = myLogHook >> logHook desktopConfig
Or for more elaborate logHooks you can use do :
, logHook = do dynamicLogWithPP xmobarPP updatePointer ( Relative 0.9 0.9 ) logHook desktopConfig
Adding Xmonad to the display manager ( GUI login )
If you install xmonad using a distribution package , it will usually register a number of xmonad session types ( typically bare xmonad and xmonad with Gnome ) .
If you install via darcs or cabal - install , you will probably need to create an xmonad session definition by hand .
These files are examples , but likely to be directly usable .
For xmonad to start automatically on login you need an applications / xmonad .
desktop file on your system .
If your distro does n't provide it , create the following file :
$ cat /usr / share / applications/xmonad.desktop [ Desktop Entry ] Type=Application Encoding=UTF -8 Name=Xmonad Exec=xmonad NoDisplay=true X-GNOME-WMName=Xmonad X-GNOME-Autostart - Phase=WindowManager X-GNOME-Provides=windowmanager X-GNOME -Autostart - Notify=false
( The X - GNOME entries do not cause GNOME to be invoked , but do allow it to be used * with * GNOME in the future if you so choose . )
Alternatively , you can create the above as ~/.local/ share/applications/xmonad.desktop for the current user only .
The above simply registers xmonad as a valid window manager ; to also make an xmonad session available , you need an xsessions / xmonad .
desktop file .
To start a minimal xmonad session from gdm ( see notes * below to run more than just xmonad on login ) , create the following file :
$ cat /usr / share / xsessions/xmonad.desktop [ Desktop Entry ] Encoding=UTF -8 Name=XMonad Comment =Lightweight tiling window manager Exec=xmonad Icon=xmonad.png Type=XSession
Your display manager must also be able to find the xmonad executable .
If you are not using your distro package manager to install xmonad , for best results configure your build to install xmonad to a location in the system environment like / usr / local / bin / .
V and A
Gillray 's duchess and duke play aggravated footsie
WHEN the government decided to split the Home Office into two separate ministries in 2007 , various benefits and problems were expected .
One consequence that no one foresaw was the discovery of a 200 - year - old porn collection .
On December 15th a ministerial delegation made its way to the Victoria and Albert ( V&A ) Museum to hand over a smutty 40 - page album turned up during the departmental move last year .
The etchings are the work of James Gillray , one of Britain 's most famous and ruthless caricaturists , who flourished at the time of the French revolution and the Napoleonic wars .
His cartoons were so biting that William Pitt the Younger , prime minister of the day , paid him £ 200 a year ( £ 10,800 , or $ 17,600 , nowadays ) to keep him onside and George IV bought his copper plates before prints could be circulated among a wider audience .
His political and social commentary catered to the bawdy tastes of the time .
In the album Napoleon , a frequent target for the cartoonist , peeps through a curtain at “ the Emprefs Jofephine dancing Naked ” and Charles James Fox , a Whig parliamentarian whom Gillray disliked , is portrayed spanking MPs .
George IV snuggles up to a Caribbean woman in a hammock , and George III is depicted as a map of Britain , repelling a French naval invasion with a blast from his south - coast fundament .
Though this was just about tolerable in the relatively free - and - easy 1790s , when the etchings were originally carved , it was too much for the primmer Victorians , says Stephen Calloway , curator of prints at the V&A .
The album is thought to have been printed in the 1840s as a secret under - the - counter supplement to accompany a volume of Gillray 's milder work .
Police are believed to have seized it soon after its publication and passed it to the Home Office , where it lay forgotten until last year .
Definitions of smut fluctuate over time .
A hint of haunch was enough for the Victorians to consign some of Gillray 's etchings to the plain - brown - paper - wrapping category , and “ The Duchefs 's little Shoe yeilding to the Magnitude of the Duke 's Foot ” rated inclusion too .
Many viewers today might find Gillray 's fascination with excrement less amusing than his contemporaries did .
Governments regularly release works that their predecessors considered obscene , including , recently , a collection of “ pulp ” novels donated to a Cambridge library .
Future generations may perhaps titter at today 's attitudes too .
In January a new law made it an offence to possess pornographic films or images portraying serious violence , real or simulated .
The law , intended to curtail websites that inspire dangerous fantasies , does not apply to certified feature films but , oddly , does apply to extracts if they are kept separately .
As in the past , the pendulum of what is deemed unacceptable will probably swing back .
What sort of material will the government be giving to museums a couple of centuries from now ?
Posted up in our comments under our Motorola Sholes Tablet article is supposedly another never - yet - seen Motorola Android handset .
This is also apparently a full touchscreen device that features an 8 megapixel camera with autofocus and dual LED flash , 3.8 inch display , 800 MHz processor and has a sleek black , rounded appearance .
Another picture after the break for you to enjoy while we send out our connects for more information …
Thanks , yard !
UPDATE : Sorry guys , as some of you pointed out , this is definitely a fake .
Read
The God Engines , Out Tomorrow — Read the First Chapter Today
The God Engines is officially in print tomorrow ; Subterranean Press tells me copies of the book are in their warehouse and they ’ll be shipping them over the next week , with direct orders from SubPress being fulfilled first and Amazon orders following right behind ( on account that those have to , you know , go through Amazon ’s warehouses , too ) .
I ’ve been asked if we have plans for an electronic edition of the book and the answer is :
Not yet , although it ’s possible at some point in the future .
Having held the physical copy in my hands , I can tell you it ’s worth getting ; it ’s gorgeous .
I ’m really excited about TGE ; it ’s dark fantasy , which is a first for me , and quite a bit different than anything I ’ve written before .
I ca n’t wait for you to read it .
In fact , I ’m so excited for you to check it out that , here : Behind the cut you ’ll find the first chapter of the novella .
For those of you who have bought the book , it ’ll tide you over until the book arrives ( or drive you nuts until it gets there ) ; for the rest of you , I hope it intrigues you enough that you ’ll want to read the rest of it .
If you do , it ’s available through Subterranean Press and through Amazon ( note : if you want the signed , limited edition , you ’ll need to go through SubPress for that ) .
Without further ado , the first chapter of The God Engines .
Click the “ Continue Reading ” link to get to it .
Enjoy .
.
.
THE GOD ENGINES
Chapter One
It was time to whip the god .
Captain Ean
Tephe entered the god chamber , small lacquered , filigreed chest in hand .
He found blood on the deck , an acolyte spurting one and lying shivering on the other , and the god prostrate in its iron circle , its chains shortened into the circle floor .
The healer Omll muttered over the acolyte .
The god giggled into the iron its mouth was mashed into and flicked its tongue over red lips .
A priest stood over the god , just outside the circle .
Two other acolytes stood against the wall of the chamber , terrified .
Tephe set the chest on a table filled with discipline instruments .
He turned to the priest , Croj Andso .
“ Explain this , ” he said .
Andso bristled momentarily .
His nominal rank was not less than the captain’s .
But this involved the Righteous , and thus Tephe ’s position of authority in this case was higher than Andso’s .
“ The Defiled was refusing its orders , and so I had Drian here discipline it , ” the priest said .
His eyes tracked to the long iron pike that lay just outside the god ’s circle .
A spatterline of blood trailed from it to the acolyte Drian .
“ The Defiled trapped the pike as Drian thrust in and pulled him into the circle .
It bit him and released him only after I had it ordered driven into the floor . ”
Tephe addressed the healer Omll without taking his eyes off the priest .
“ How is the acolyte ? ” he asked .
“ The Defiled took a mouthful of flesh from him , ” Omll said .
“ Off the shoulder .
The bone is ripped out and vessels ruptured , and he has lost a lot of blood .
I am sealing the wound but the wound is needful .
Healer Garder will have to supervise the healing from here .
His skills in this area are advanced of mine . ”
“ Why did he not come ? ” Tephe asked .
“ There was not time , ” Andso said .
“ Healer Omll happened to be passing outside when the attack occurred .
He entered the chamber when he heard the screaming . ”
Tephe nodded briefly .
“ Apologies , healer Omll . ”
The healer nodded in response .
“ With your permission I need to bring acolyte Drian to the healer ’s bay . ”
“ You have it , ” Tephe said .
“ Priest , if you will have your other acolytes assist the healer . ”
Andso gestured to the other acolytes , who did not need to be told a second time .
They lifted Drian off the floor and carried him out of the chamber , quickly .
The captain was alone with the priest and the god .
Tephe reached to the floor and picked up the pike , examined the head .
“ I want to know how this happened , priest , ” he said .
“ I already explained what happened , Captain , ” Andso said , tightly .
“ You explained what happened , ” Tephe said .
“ I said I wanted to know how . ”
He hefted the pike .
“ Where did this pike come from ? ”
“ It was in our stores , ” Andso said .
“ I had it brought out when the Defiled refused its orders . ”
Tephe touched the head of the pike .
“ Did you examine it before you had it used ? ” he said .
“ There was no need , ” Andso said .
“ Our supplies are certified by the Bishopry .
All our instruments of discipline are second - made iron , Captain .
They have to be .
You know that . ”
“ You must have marvelous faith in the Bishopry , ” Tephe said , “ if you do not believe you must examine your own inventory . ”
“ And you do not ? ” Andso said , straightening .
The captain was edging into blasphemy , and that , at least , was in the priest ’s ambit .
“ Do you doubt the Bishopry , Captain ? ”
The captain glanced at the priest but did not reply .
He hefted the pike again and thrust it savagely into the prone body of the god , the cutting spike of the weapon driving toward the flesh of the god ’s back .
The pike shaft bent ; sharpened spike dragged roughly across godskin , catching but not cutting .
The god giggled again , wheezy .
The priest ’s eyes widened .
Tephe pulled back the pike and threw it on the floor , outside the circle , between him and the priest .
“ I do not doubt the Bishopry , Priest Andso , ” he said .
“ I doubt other men .
You know that fleet merchants and suppliers are more concerned with cash than their souls .
And you should know that profits made passing third - made iron as second - made are the difference between a good month and a bad one . ”
From the floor , a whispering sing - song .
“ ‘ Third - made binds , second - made wounds , first - made kills , ’ ” said the god , and giggled again .
The priest stared at the pike , and then looked up at the captain .
“ I want to question the quartermaster , ” Ando said .
“ He procured these supplies .
It was his responsibility to ensure the certification was genuine . ”
“ Quartermaster Usse is dead , ” Tephe said , sharply .
“ Along with three of his staff and ten other of our crew , in our late engagement off Ament Cour .
If he is to blame for this , then you may be assured Our Lord has called him to task for it .
You need not concern yourself further with him .
And whatever his sins , priest , it is you who chose to accept a forged bishopric certification on faith .
Your acolyte may pay for it . ”
“ If he does , he will be with Our Lord , ” Andso said .
“ And gloriously so , ” said the captain .
“ But I imagine at his age , not gladly . ”
He kicked at the pike , sending it skittering toward the priest .
“ Destroy that , ” he said .
“ Pray over the ashes .
And then go through your remaining instruments .
All of them .
I expect a full accounting by fourth bell , forenoon tomorrow . ”
“ Yes , captain , ” Andso said , after a minute .
“ That is all , ” Tephe said .
Andso look surprised .
“ You do not want my assistance ? ” he asked .
“ This is a task given to captains , ” Tephe said .
“ Not to priests . ”
“ Very well , Captain , ” Andso said , stiffly .
“ I leave you to your task . ”
“ Wait , ” Tephe said , and motioned at the god .
“ Loosen its chains . ”
“ Captain ? ” Andso said .
“ Loosen its chains , ” the captain repeated .
“ I want it able to sit . ”
“ I advise against it , Captain , ” Andso said .
“ The Defiled must be made low . ”
“ It will be low enough when I am done with it , ” Tephe said .
“ Now , priest . ”
Andso went to the controls which unspooled the chain , and then released the lock on the chain .
“ It is still on the floor , ” Tephe said , after several seconds .
“ So it is , ” said the priest .
“ But it is so by choice . ”
“ Very well , ” said Tephe . “ Go . ”
The priest left .
“ You may rise , ” Tephe said , to the god .
“ To sit is not to rise , ” said the god .
“ Then you may sit , ” Tephe said .
“ The iron is cool , ” said the god .
“ It likes us well . ”
“ As you will , ” Tephe said , and walked back to the table .
He retrieved the small chest and walked toward the god , stopping close to the edge of the iron circle .
He set the chest on the floor at the edge , in the line of the god ’s sight .
“ Do you know what is in here ? ” he said .
“ Treasure , ” whispered the god , mockingly , into the floor .
“ So it is , ” said Tephe , and bent down to open the chest , to reveal a whip , flecked with metal .
The god hissed , slowly , sadly .
“ You have not seen this before , because you have not given me cause to use it before , ” Tephe said , taking the whip , gently .
“ And so I will explain it to you . ”
He held out the handle .
“ The handle is bone , taken from a god My Lord killed with His own hands .
I have heard that My Lord took the bone from this god while it still lived .
But I do not know the truth of it . ”
“ We know the truth of it , ” the god said .
“ The leather is godskin , ” Tephe said , ignoring the god ’s reply .
“ The skin of the same god whose bone serves as the handle .
This skin was taken while the god lived , that much is truth . ”
“ We knew of it , ” the god said , still on the floor .
“ The god yours killed .
We felt its pain .
We marveled at how long your god suffered it to live , harvesting bones and skin remade , sustained by despairing followers who could not bear to see their god so , but could not bear a life without it .
So terrible .
With the coin of faith and cruelty your god purchased that pretty , pretty whip .
You do not understand the cost of what it is you hold . ”
“ The gods do many things their followers are not given to understand , ” Tephe said .
“ What I do understand is that the bones and skin of a god alone do not make this something you would fear .
For your fear , there are these . ”
Tephe pointed to the splinters of metal , woven and embedded into the whip .
“ Yes , ” the god hissed again .
“ Single made iron , ” Tephe said .
“ It is as described in our commentaries : ‘ Born in the heart of a star , as it died and strew itself into darkness .
Never collected to melt in the dust of aborning planets .
Never made a third time in the fire of a human forge . ’ ”
He held it closer to the god , but still outside the circle .
The god flinched from it .
“ Look at the iron , ” Tephe said .
“ Unfashioned in itself but set and secured into this whip .
And it is as you said .
Third made iron binds , second made iron wounds , single made iron kills . ”
Tephe set the whip back into its case .
“ I do not know why this is .
Why single made iron can kill a god .
I know only that it can .
I know the gods fear death more than do men .
I can kill you with this , god . ”
The god raised its head .
“ You do not name us as the others , ” it said .
“ You do not call us ‘ Defiled . ’
We have heard this before .
We would know why . ”
“ You do me service , ” Tephe said .
“ But you do not use our name , ” said the god .
“ I am not a fool , ” Tephe said .
To name a god was to give it power .
The god smiled .
“ You do not even think it , ” it said .
It set its head back on the iron .
“ What I think , ” Tephe said , “ is that you should swear to me that you will follow your orders .
That you will bring us to Triskell , where we are expected in the morning . ”
“ Why should we do this thing , ” asked the god .
“ Because you are commanded , ” Tephe said .
“ No man commands us , ” the god said .
Tephe reached into his shirt and pulled out his Talent , the iron cypher held by a silver chain .
He held it toward the god .
“ Do not play games , ” he said .
“ You know well what this Talent signifies .
On this ship I bear the Talent of command .
It means on this ship , my word is as My Lord’s .
God though you are , you are yet His slave .
And as you are His slave in all things , on this ship so are you mine .
I command you in the name of My Lord .
And I command you bring us to Triskell . ”
Tephe placed his Talent back into his shirt .
“ What men have you on this ship ? ” asked the god .
“ I have three hundred eighty souls at the moment , ” said Tephe .
The Righteous had been brought from Bishop ’s Call six months earlier with four hundred twenty men aboard , but battles and illness had reduced their number .
“ Three hundred eighty good men , ” said the god .
“ Yes , ” said Tephe .
“ Then bid you them step outside your precious ship and push , ” said the god .
“ I do not doubt you will be at Triskell in the morning . ”
Tephe took the whip from the case , stood , and lashed hard into the god , the slivers of iron tearing into its flesh .
The god screamed and kicked as far as its chain would allow .
Godblood seeped from the gash .
“ A lash for that , ” said Tephe , and after a moment lashed the god a second time .
“ And a lash for the acolyte Drian . ”
The captain coiled the whip with the godblood and flesh still flecked on it , knelt and set it back into the chest .
“ If the acolyte dies , you will answer for that as well . ”
The god tried to laugh and sobbed instead .
“ It burns . ”
“ It burns , yes , ” agreed the captain .
“ And it will burn further .
Wounds from single made iron will not heal without the grace of the faithful , as you know .
Your wounds will rot and increase , as will your pain , until you die .
Unless you swear to obey me . ”
“ If we die , you are lost out here , ” said the god .
“ If you die , our Gavril will send a distress call , and we will be soon enough gathered , ” Tephe said .
“ I will be called to account , but the truth of it will be plain enough .
Our Lord does not long suffer those who will not obey . ”
Tephe motioned to the chest with the whip .
“ This you should know well . ”
The god said nothing and lay on the ground , stuttering and suffering .
Tephe stood , patient , and watched .
“ Make it stop , ” it said , after long minutes .
“ Obey me , ” Tephe said .
“ We will bring you to Triskell , or wherever else you require , ” said the god .
“ Make it stop . ”
“ Swear , ” Tephe said .
“ We have said what we will do ! ” shouted the god , its form rippling as it did so , into something atavistic and unbeautiful , a reminder that when The Lord enslaved other gods ,
He took their forms along with their names .
The ripple ceased and the god resumed its enslaved form .
Tephe knelt , opened the service knife he kept in his blouse pocket , jabbed it into the meat of his left palm , praying as he did so .
He cupped his right hand underneath his left , collecting the blood that flowed out .
When enough collected , he stepped into the iron circle and placed his hands on the god ’s wounds , coating them with his own blood , letting the grace in his blood begin its healing work .
The god screamed again for a moment and then lay still .
Tephe finished his work and then quickly stepped outside of the iron circle , mindful that the god ’s chains were slack .
“ Now , ” he said , holding his palm to stop the bleeding .
“ Bring us to Triskell . ”
“ We will do as we have said , ” said the god , breathing heavily .
“ But we must have rest .
Triskell is far , and you have hurt us . ”
“ You have until eighth bell of the Dogs , ” Tephe said .
“ Tell me you understand and obey . ”
“ We do , ” said the god , and collapsed again onto the iron .
Tephe collected the chest and exited the chamber .
Andso was waiting outside with his acolytes .
“ You are bleeding , ” he said .
“ The god has agreed to carry out its orders , ” Tephe said , ignoring the observation .
“ See that it is prepared to do so by eighth bell of the Dogs .
For now I am allowing it to rest . ”
“ We must first discipline it for acolyte Drian , ” Andso said .
“ No , ” Tephe said .
“ It has had enough discipline for the day .
I need it rested more than you need to punish it further .
Do I make myself clear . ”
“ Yes , Captain , ” Andso said .
Tephe walked off toward his quarters to stow his chest , and then to the bridge , where Neal Forn , his first mate , waited .
“ Have we an engine ? ” Forn asked , when Tephe was close enough that his question would not be overheard .
“ Until Triskell , at least , ” Tephe said , and turned to Stral Teby , his helm .
“ Triskell on the imager , Mr. Teby . ”
Teby prayed over the imager and a map of stars lifted up , floating in a cube of space .
The Righteous symbolized at the far edge of the map , Triskell diagonally across the cube from it .
“ Sixty light years , ” Forn said , looking through the imager .
“ A hard distance in any event .
I have no wonder why the god took its pause . ”
“ We have our orders , Neal , ” Tephe said .
“ As does the god . ”
Tephe rubbed his left palm , which had begun to throb .
“ Stay at post , ” he said .
“ I will be back before evening mess . ”
He exited toward sick bay , to see if healer Garder was far enough along with acolyte Drian to tend to his own , smaller wound .
—-
The God Engines , by John Scalzi : Subterranean Press | Amazon
“ If J. G. Ballard and H. P. Lovecraft had ever collaborated on a space opera , the results might have been like this : ferociously inventive , painfully vivid , dispassionately bleak and dreadfully memorable . ” — Publishers Weekly
THE SHOT — Infographics are most effective when they point out what ’s often readily understood but hard to visualize .
Like this one from the New York Times , which puts America ’s ignorant relationship with marriage rights in a blazing hot spotlight .
The Tea Party movement has surged ahead of both the Democratic and Republican parties in the polls , with 41 percent of respondents in a new NBC / Wall Street Journal survey giving the mostly conservative , limited - government activists a favorable rating .
Democrats got a positive rating from just 35 percent , and Republicans from 28 percent of those polled .
Will the tea partiers be an electoral force in the 2010 midterm elections ?
If so , will they hurt Democrats , or help them by splintering the conservative vote ?
( Watch a Fox report about the Tea Party 's popularity )
This is one more nail in the Democrats ' coffin :
So much for the " great Democratic alignment " signaled by their sweep in the 2008 elections , says Allahpundit in Hot Air .
This is , to some extent , " ironclad proof of a surge in fiscally conservative populism across the nation " — and of the power of Fox News ' " pro–tea party megaphone . "
Clearly , Democrats are going to pay dearly for pushing the costly and divisive Obamacare .
" Waterloo : Obama approval at 47 in new NBC poll , tea party more popular than Dems or GOP "
The poll is utterly meaningless : " This just seems dumb , " says Eric Boehlert in Media Matters .
The Tea Party does n't exist — it 's a " faceless movement " with no candidates or platform , " so people can pretend it 's whatever they want it to be .
It 's an utterly pointless polling exercise because people have an ingrained idea of who the Democrats are and what they stand for politically . "
" Why are NBC / WSJ polling about a political party that does n't exist ? "
It 's dangerous to shrug off the numbers :
What these favorability ratings mean , says Johanna Neuman in the Los Angeles Times , is that if the Tea Party movement were a political party , " it would be at the top of the food chain . "
With President Obama 's poll numbers dropping , this might worry Democrats , but the interesting thing is that " grass - roots anger at the Democrats " seems to be hurting the Republicans just as much .
" Tea party outpolls Democratic , Republican parties -- will anger fuel 2010 elections ? "
A military unit dispatched to the site found normal levels of radiation
Scientists investigating a large crater in a field in northern Latvia , believed to have been caused by a meteorite , now suspect it was a hoax .
Fire crews were called to the scene on Sunday outside the town of Mazsalaca by locals who said something had fallen from the sky and set the land on fire .
One expert who had said the 9 m ( 27ft ) wide crater was caused by an impact , said he now thought it was artificial .
The hole was too tidy to have been caused by a meteorite , he said .
It would be unusual for such a large meteorite to hit the Earth , as most objects burn up in the atmosphere and never reach the surface .
In 2007 , a meteorite ploughed into the countryside near the Andean town of Carancas in Peru , creating a 15 m ( 50 ft ) wide crater .
' Pyrotechnic compound '
On Monday , a spokeswoman for the Latvian State Fire and Rescue Service said firefighters had been told by a witness about a fire in a field near Mazsalaca at 1730 ( 1530 GMT ) the previous day .
" We concluded that the impact must have come from the air and this is why we believe it could have been a meteorite , " Inga Vetere said .
Meteorites are not ' on fire ' or even hot when they land on Earth
Caroline Smith , Meteorite Curator , Natural History Museum , London A military unit sent to the site found normal radiation levels .
Uldis Nulle , a scientist at the Latvian Environment , Geology and Meteorology Centre , said his first impression after visiting the site late on Sunday had been that the crater was caused by a meteorite .
However , on closer inspection in daylight he found that the hole was too tidy to have been caused by a genuine impact .
" This is not a real crater .
It is artificial , " he told the Associated Press .
Caroline Smith , meteorite curator at London 's Natural History Museum , told the BBC that the photographs and video footage of the site , and the material burning in the bottom of the hole , indicated that it was not an impact crater .
" Meteorites are not ' on fire ' or even hot when they land on Earth , " she said .
" Additionally , there have been no witness reports of any large ' fireball ' sightings in the region on Sunday afternoon , when the crater was allegedly formed . "
Latvian Geologist Dainis
Ozols said he believed someone had dug a hole and tried to make it look like a meteorite crater by burning a pyrotechnic compound at the bottom .
It is thought the meteorite would have to have been at least 1 m ( 3 ft ) in diameter to create a crater that size .
The owner of the land is now selling tickets to people who want to see the crater , reportedly to pay for wear and tear on the road .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Dans les coulisses de l'Idate , le colloque annuel des télécoms qui se tient à Montpellier , il se murmure que Free devrait être très rapidement fixé sur son sort .
Le régulateur ( Arcep ) devrait annoncer le 17 décembre que Free , seul candidat en lice pour la quatrième licence de téléphone mobile , a gagné et peut donc venir concurrencer Orange , SFR et Bouygues Telecom sur leur pré carré .
Ces derniers s'attendent à une guerre des prix meurtrière et entendent bien contrecarrer toutes les initiatives du nouveau venu , espérant que celui-ci finira par s'épuiser .
Mais Xavier Niel , fondateur de Free , qui vient de recevoir le prix BFM de l'entrepreneur entend bien révolutionner le marché du mobile comme il a révolutionné celui de l'Internet .
Recently Elder - Geek.com had the golden opportunity to ask Michael Samyn & Auriea Harvey of Tale of Tales some questions about their current projects and the industry at large .
A huge thank you to Michael and Auriea for their time !
Current / Future Projects
Elder - Geek : Now that Fatale has been released , are you switching focus entirely to groWorld or are there other irons in the fire ?
Tale of Tales :
Our participation in the groWorld project was just something we did on the side while working on The Path and Fatale .
Our work on groWorld is done .
At least for now .
We have now started work on two new small iPhone games .
One with British designer Alex Mayhew and one for the Art History of Games symposium in Atlanta in February .
After that we will “ go underground ” and start prototyping two larger projects .
GroWorld is an initiative of the Brussels artists collective Foam ( http://fo.am ) .
They are friends and asked us to contribute to the game part of the project .
GroWorld is much larger than just a game .
It ’s a multidisciplinary project that researches the coexistence of humans and plants on this planet .
We created some prototypes for a multiplayer game in which everyone plays a plant .
But we do n’t know how the project is going to evolve further .
Or even if we will be evolved in that .
It ’s a big long term thing that is largely beyond our control .
Would you consider doing a large - scale video game experience if you had the right story to tell ?
ToT : That ’s a difficult question to answer because the kinds of budgets available for large scale videogame production are reserved for projects that are organized like manufacturing plants .
This is not an environment in which we could work well .
But if we could design the organisation of the project , then I ’m sure we ’d love to create a large - scale game .
Though it may need to be more expensive than most .
The current development process of big budget games , while disastrous for artistic expression , seems to be well optimized in terms of efficiently using investments towards maximizing profits .
I ’m sure it ’s possible to come to a creation - centric approach that is cost efficient .
But I do n’t think we have the financial genius to come up with that at Tale of Tales .
We do hope somebody out there does , though .
Because the current situation is quite sad .
The Path
When you first heard that The Path was going to receive and “ M ” rating , what was your reaction ?
ToT : To our knowledge , The Path never received an official rating .
It was actually we who decided to put a minimum age ( of 15 ) on it .
Because we are worried about younger children playing it , or parents choosing it for their children because they think it ’s a fairy tale in the popular sense of the word .
We believe The Path can only be enjoyed by a mature mind .
However , the “ M ” rating in most video games seems just something developers and publishers use to attract the 16 - years olds that are their bread and butter .
So I ’m not sure how successful the rating of The Path is at discouraging children .
Recently , I played the trailer for The Path for a friend .
He visibly shuddered in fear at the first spoken words of “ Little girls … ”
Who was the voice actress ?
Was it Auriea ?
ToT : The voice and a lot of the music in The Path ( as well as Fatale ) is done by American composer / musician / performer Jarboe .
She used to be with a band called Swans and has been working solo or in many different collaborations since .
Her website is at http://thelivingjarboe.com .
Jarboe is quite an amazing performer .
Especially her uncanny way of combining innocence and naivety with cruelty and horror made her talent perfect for The Path .
The Path and Fatale are probably best described as literary interpretation , which is n’t done very much in video games .
ToT : Hm .
We never thought about it like that .
We just like using old stories .
But you ’re right .
Films are very often based on existing literature .
Games hardly ever .
This is probably because the kinds of mechanics and structures used by most game designers these days are not compatible with many stories .
Most literature is simply not about mass murder or collecting gold coins , or even about victory through annihilation of obstacles .
Literature and film can be a lot more subtle .
Hopefully video games will develop that ability too at some point .
Does Tale of Tales have any plans of releasing The Path or any other ToT title as downloadable titles on consoles ?
ToT : There ’s no concrete plans at the moment but there is a desire .
We are not excessively enthusiastic about games consoles because so far we have always thought of non-gamers as our main audience .
And non-gamers do not own consoles .
But with the release of The Path we have discovered that there ’s many traditional videogamers who also enjoy what we make .
So we will probably take that audience a bit more seriously in the future .
Consoles are not very friendly towards independent / artistic development though .
There ’s a lot of bureaucracy and money involved .
And it takes a lot of time to get from development to publication .
We love the directness of the PC and the Mac : make a game one day and release it the next .
That ’s really great .
But consoles just do n’t work like that .
Questions About The Industry
As video games are growing and evolving , do you feel the term “ video game ” is still appropriate ?
Do you feel it would be easier to rebrand video games or would it be easier to increase public perception ?
ToT : The term game is not appropriate for the way in which many people experience video games .
They experience them as stories , as worlds , as fantasies .
Not just fun things to do with friends .
It would be nice to have a new term .
But we ’re probably stuck with “ videogame ” .
All we can do now is be a bit tolerant about its meaning .
Of course the public perception of video games as something for children is supported by the term “ game ” .
But we think that this perception will change when the industry releases more mature titles .
There are many non-video games already that are not considered childish ( chess , poker , sports , etc ) .
So why not video games ?
In the games industry , of course , “ mature ” is often a synonym for “ childish ” as it only means that the game features lots of senseless destruction .
“ Blowing shit up ” is not exactly a mature theme .
To use your own question on you , “ how do you feel about the Hollywoodification of video games ? ”
Large publishers are pushing developers , or in some cases , buying them out to create canned games that do n’t help the medium , except for advances in graphics technology ( and maybe some better voice acting ) .
ToT : Since it is possible to make a lot of money with video games production , and we are living in a capitalist society , it is unavoidable that people will make games for profit .
And in a capitalist system there ’s only one way to do that : spend money to make money .
The more money you spend on production , the more profit you can make .
The current state of computer technology makes developing games inaccessible and difficult and therefore expensive .
As a result , the only people who can use the technology to its fullest are people with a lot of money at their disposal .
But those people tend to be the same people as the ones who want to make a lot of profit .
As a result the evolution of the medium stagnates .
This could lead to a complete collapse of the games industry .
And it works against the penetration of games into culture at large .
We can only hope that some clever people will come up with a way to push computer technology into the new century and make developing with it accessible to a much wider range of creators .
In the meantime , independent developers should make a fist and pull and push the medium kicking and screaming to where it does n’t want to go yet .
We should stop making platform games and shooters and really explore the potential of the medium .
Because there ’s a lot of stuff that can be done already with all these scraps of technology left behind by the relentless industrial machine .
Enough even , to create things that put the entire industry to shame .
Which recent titles do you feel were healthy growth for the industry ?
For what reason ?
ToT : Flower , because its first three levels demonstrated clearly how video games could be enjoyable experiences without antagonism and fiero .
Noby Noby
Boy because it is the first videogame that you could show in any contemporary art exhibition without making a statement about games as art .
And Heavy Rain makes us very hopeful .
Not so much the game itself , perhaps , but the intention of its creator .
It ’s very nice to see someone with so much ambition for the medium have access to such a huge budget .
Both art lovers and video game fans can be notoriously finicky .
Your medium tries to bring two worlds crashing together .
Which group of fanatics do you find to be more accepting of your projects ?
ToT : Art lovers , beyond a doubt .
Especially people with an interest in media art .
These are people who have learned to enjoy the unexpected , a skill that many gamers have a lot of trouble with .
That being said , our most devoted fans will probably be gamers , because only they can understand all the different layers in our work .
So since our work combines art and games , the people who appreciate it probably will have an interest in both .
Or maybe our work awakens a dormant interest in either .
Personal Questions
What are your thoughts on American McGee ’s Return of Alice ?
ToT : American McGee is a very smart designer .
We hope that he can finally make the opus that we know he has in him .
Let ’s pray that the big production budget does n’t stimulate conservatism too much .
Are there any future releases that you ’re looking forward to ?
ToT : Bayonetta .
We really loved Devil May Cry 1 and even 2 .
But after that , the series fell apart for us .
Bayonetta looks like it might bring back a lot of what we enjoyed in the early Devil May Cry games .
And The Last Guardian .
After having been disappointed by Fumito Ueda ’s capitulation to action gaming , we ’re curious to see if he will be able to get back to the wonderful things he started in Ico .
And of course we ’re interested in anything that thatgamecompany and Ice - Pick Lodge release .
They ’re sort of sister and brother companies to us .
While all of our games are very different , we share a certain attitude and ambition .
There ’s not many people who do .
Is there anything you ’d like to cover that we did n’t ask ?
ToT : Of course .
But we ’d prefer to work a bit more on our projects now . 😉
Seagulls
Gulls ( often informally called seagulls ) are birds in the family Laridae .
They are most closely related to the terns ( family Sternidae ) and only distantly related to auks , skimmers , and more distantly to the waders .
Until recently , most gulls were placed in the genus Larus , but this arrangement is now known to be polyphyletic , leading to the resurrection of several genera .
They are typically medium to large birds , usually grey or white , often with black markings on the head or wings .
They typically have harsh wailing or squawking calls .
They have stout , longish bills , and webbed feet .
Gull species range in size from the Little Gull , at 120 g ( 4.2 oz ) and 29 cm ( 11.5 inches ) , to the Great Black - backed Gull , at 1.75 kg ( 3.8 lbs ) and 76 cm ( 30 inches ) …
The decades - long campaign of Ron Paul to have the Government Accountability Office do a full audit of the Federal Reserve now has 313 sponsors in the House .
Sometimes perseverance does pay off .
If not derailed by the establishment , the audit may happen .
Yet , many columnists and commentators are aghast .
An auditors ’ probe , they wail , would imperil the Fed ’s independence and expose it to pressure from Congress to keep interest rates low and money flowing when the need of the nation and economy might call for tightening .
They cite Paul Volcker , who to squeeze double - digit inflation out of the economy in the late Carter and early Reagan years , drove the prime rate to 21 percent , causing the worst recession since the Depression .
Volcker , they claim , prepared the ground for the Reagan tax cuts and seven fat years of prosperity .
That decade , America created 20 million jobs — and another 22 million in the Clinton era .
Without Volcker putting the economy through the wringer , it could not have happened .
And had he been forced to explain his decisions , Congress would have broken his policy .
Such is the cast for Fed independence .
But if true , what does this say about our republic ?
Is it not an admission that , though Congress was created by the Constitution , and the Fed is a creation of Congress , our elected representatives cannot be trusted with the money supply , cannot be trusted with control of the nation ’s central bank ?
To have decisions made in the national interest , we need folks who do not have to answer to voters .
If this be true , the republic is closer to its end than its beginning , when Thomas Jefferson said , “ In questions of power , let us hear no more of trust in men , but rather bind them down from mischief with the chains of the Constitution . ”
End the Fed Ron Paul Best Price : $ 1.12 Buy New $ 8.53 ( as of 10:10 EST - Details )
Others contend that were it not for the independence and vision of Fed Chair Ben Bernanke , the economy might have gone over the cliff and into the abyss after the Lehman Brothers collapse in October 2008 .
What opponents of Paul ’s audit are thus saying is that elected legislators must be kept out of the temple where the great decisions about the economy are made , that these decisions must rest with bankers and economists answerable , as is the Supreme Court , to themselves and no one else .
But has the performance of the Fed been so brilliant any intrusion upon its privacy is sacrilege ?
Among the failures of the Fed is the Great Depression .
As Milton Friedman related in his “ Monetary History of the United States , ” for which he won a Nobel Prize for Economics , the Fed hugely expanded the money supply in the mid-to - late 1920s .
Following a path of least resistance , the money flowed into the equity markets , where stocks could be bought on 10 percent margin .
The market soared , and a huge bubble was created .
When it popped , scores of thousands of investors conducted a run on the banks to get their money out to meet their margin calls .
Thousands of banks , short on cash , closed .
One - third of the money supply was wiped out , and the Fed failed to replenish the lost blood .
Thus did the Fed cause the Great Depression .
Smoot and Hawley were framed .
Moreover , every bubble from the dot -com of the late 1990s to housing this decade is a result of Fed policy .
For unless there is an excess of money sloshing around , funds that surge into one market , be it housing , stocks or Third World loans , have to come out of another .
Moreover , if the Fed has not failed dismally in its duty to keep prices stable , how come candy bars and Cokes that cost a nickel in the 1950s cost 50 or 75 cents today , and new Cadillacs that sold for $ 3,200 in the late 1940s cost $ 55,000 or $ 60,000 now ?
Who is responsible for inflation , if not the Fed ?
Moreover , it is now conceded that the Fed , in the early years of this 21st century , kept interest rates near 1 percent for too long , and created the bubble that popped in 2008 and almost brought down our own and the global economies .
Because the Fed can create money out of thin air , we have been able to wage wars on credit , shovel out trillions in foreign aid , World Bank and International Monetary Fund loans , and run humongous budget and trade deficits that have brought our country to the brink of ruin .
And if Bernanke is a genius , how is it he did n’t see the train wreck coming and had to double - time it to the Hill with Hank Paulson to plead for $ 700 billion to bail out AIG , Fannie and Freddie , and buy all that rotten paper on the books of Citibank & Co . ?
The greatest economy the world had ever seen has been horribly mismanaged and virtually ruined by the decisions of presidents , Congress and the Federal Reserve .
Main Street has been wiped as Wall Street was bailed out .
Why ?
Bring on the auditors !
The Best of Patrick J. Buchanan
the difficult divorce between time and space
Despite what you have been told , general relativity has not yet been overturned , modified , or revolutionized .
Computer simulation of a black hole ’s event horizon exhibiting a phenomenon known as frame dragging , in which space is warped at different speeds based on the movement of the black hole
Overturning the theory of general relativity takes a lot of work as most popular science buffs know .
So what ’s a better way to draw in eyeballs than questioning whether Einstein ’s work has finally been overturned ?
It ’s kind of like the New Scientist cover which asked whether Darwin was wrong about the tree of life but with fewer negative consequences .
That ’s exactly what Scientific American did in their December issue when covering the theoretical work of UC Berkley ’s Petr Hořava .
Finessing the complex quantum mechanical equations with a split between time and space , the physicist has been able to recreate the mathematical workings of general relativity at low energy states and even generate the hypothetical graviton particle .
Well , on paper at least …
Of course there ’s a snag here .
Hořava ’s numbers only work when planetary orbits and shapes of planets and stars are assumed to be absolutely perfect .
General relativity should describe how planets move regardless of whether they ’re perfect spheres or not and that ’s exactly what happens with Einstein ’s formulas .
Plug in the more realistic shapes and eccentric orbits along with an idealized conception of space and the results will be roughly similar .
Not so with Hořava ’s equations .
Give them a realistic scenario and they yield radically different answers then the idealized baselines used to test them .
When you try to quantify Earth ’s orbit around the Sun and assume they ’re spherical , then run the same math when the two are as oblate as they really are with the formula set derived by Hořava , you ’ll get two very different answers .
And that ’s a problem which casts doubt on the other seemingly accurate predictions these new equations make .
How do the mathematical graviton models generate areas of excess gravity in the real world ?
How would the inflation of the universe after the Big Bang change the nascent forces to undergo an exotic transition into what we know as gravity today when we consider the various asymmetries created by the event ?
After all , we know that unequal amounts of matter and antimatter were created during baryogenesis and the implied asymmetry in other effects of the Big Bang underlies the multiverse theory .
We know that a lot of exotic phase transitions happened in the first second of the known universe , but there ’s still a lot of work to be done to understand just how the relevant equations apply to different forces .
And what about the Higgs boson ?
How will discoveries at the LHC shape our view of the first moments after the Big Bang ?
Will these new formulas still work when we get down from the homogenous , isotropic , cosmological scale down to individual stars , planets and particles with ever more real world data coming from new experiments and surveys ?
This is why instead of actually using Hořava ’s work to overturn general relativity , some physicists are trying to reconcile the math and see which ideas might explain the inner workings of time and space without giving us wildly different results between test data and the real world .
It seems that Einstein is far from being overturned and SciAm ’s article is trying to make a hill into the Himalayas .
As for Hořava himself , he ’s not making any bold claims and says that he ’s happy to have others review his ideas and improve them to fit with the observational evidence being collected by astronomers and physicists around the world .
Considering that he ’s not willing to make a big deal out of his theory and states that it ’s incomplete , maybe the editors should n’t have blown this idea out of proportion for the sake of a loud headline and subtitle …
NEW YORK ( CNN / Money ) - Gasoline prices , reversing a two - month slide , are again approaching records and at least one expert thinks they could hit $ 3 a gallon soon in the United States .
" We 'll see it within a year , " T. Boone Pickens , head of the billion - dollar hedge fund BP Capital Management , said on CNN's " In The Money " over the weekend .
Pickens noted the discrepancy between $ 2 a gallon gas in the US and $ 5 a gallon gas in Europe .
" The energy situation is global , " he said .
" I know there are taxes involved in the pricing ... but eventually it 's going to have to move up . "
Gasoline prices mounted a renewed surge last month , with regular self serve rising 8 cents to average $ 2.21 a gallon , according to a survey released Sunday .
That 's just 7 cents below the all - time high set April 8 .
Pickens said a shortage of oil is the main reason behind the price increase and did n't see how the world could produce more than the current 84 to 85 million barrels a day that currently comes out of the ground .
" We 're coming up on a brick wall , " he said .
" The fourth quarter this year is going to maybe be the most interesting quarter I 've ever experienced in my 50 years in the oil industry . "
The fourth quarter typically sees the highest demand for oil as northern countries stock up on heating oil for the winter months .
Oil prices closed at a new record high Friday , with current quarter U.S. crude settling at $ 59.84 on the New York Mercantile Exchange .
U.S. crude was trading above $ 60 a barrel Monday .
While $ 60 oil is a record in nominal terms , adjusted for inflation , oil would have traded at over $ 80 a barrel during the late 1970s .
Pickens said the economy is less dependent on oil today than it was in the 1970s and that it can apparently handle oil in the $ 50 range , but was unsure what effect $ 60 or $ 70 oil would have on future economic growth .
Where is all that oil money going ?
Click here .
Has OPEC lost its bite ?
Click here .
