Let us show you our picks for the best MacBook and Macs money can buy .
It ’s no wonder the best Mac and Macbooks are so ubiquitous .
These cutting edge devices have not only continued to redefine what we expect from computers but they ’ve managed to offer incredible design , quality build , and portability all at the same time .
Sure , there have been many imitators in the Windows and Chromebook world but these Apple machines still stand apart .
That ’s in part thanks to Apple ’s marriage of hardware and software .
This rock solid , smooth computing experience , something Windows 10 and Chrome OS users do n’t experience to nearly the same degree , is sure to continue with the upcoming release of macOS 11 Big Sur .
The best Mac and Macbooks end up being more than the sum of their parts , thanks to this combination of a user - friendly OS and elegant , powerful hardware .
Though they do come at a steep price , there ’s something inherently special about these Apple offerings .
From the newest MacBook Pro 16 - inch to the overwhelmingly powerful Mac Pro and everything in between , here are our choices for the best Mac and Macbooks .
Best MacBooks and Macs on Amazon Prime day and Black Friday
With Amazon Prime Day and Black Friday coming soon , some of the best Mac and Macbooks are expected to get some price cuts .
This means that you might be able to take a Mac home for much less , saving you more money to use for something else on your shopping list .
Unlike Windows - based laptops , it ’s sometimes harder to find Black Friday deals on MacBooks , but they do exist , and we ’ll help find the best ones when the big day finally arrives .
Whether you ’re buying one of the best Mac and Macbooks or planning on gifting one during the holiday season , it would be wise to wait until these major deal events of the year .
Luckily , with Amazon Prime Day likely to arrive sometime in mid-October and Black Friday rolling around the end of November , you wo n’t have to wait for long .
The MacBook Pro ( 16 - inch , 2019 ) is truly the best MacBook for content creators , designers and other creative professionals .
( Image credit : Apple )
1. MacBook Pro ( 16 - inch , 2019 )
The best Apple laptop CPU : 9th - generation Intel Core i7 – i9 | Graphics : AMD Radeon Pro 5300 M – Radeon Pro 5500 M | RAM : 16GB – 64GB | Screen : 16 - inch Retina display with True Tone | Storage : 512GB – 8TB SSD $ 2,149 View at Amazon $ 2,149 View at Adorama $ 2,149 View at BHPhoto Stunning 16 - inch screen New and improved keyboard Expensive Limited to four Thunderbolt 3 ports
While we are sad that Apple has retired the 15 - inch MacBook Pro , we ’re more than happy to see the MacBook Pro ( 16 - inch , 2019 ) hit the shelves .
As thin , light and sleek as ever , this does n’t feel like a 16 - inch behemoth .
If you ’re worried that this was going to be bulky and awkward to use , do n’t be .
Yet , despite its svelte frame , you ’re still getting that extra real estate on that stunning display , as well as the latest and greatest components behind it .
Apple then rounds those out with amazing ( and loud ) speakers and a much , much better keyboard .
This is truly the best MacBook for content creators , designers and other creative professionals .
Read the full review : MacBook Pro ( 16 - inch , 2019 )
MacBook Pro ( 15 - inch , 2019 ) is refreshed with hexa - core 9th - generation processors .
( Image credit : Apple )
If you want the most performance you can get in a MacBook without needing to pull off a heist , you ’ll want to look into the MacBook Pro 15 - inch .
Now refreshed with hexa - core 9th - generation processors and up to 32 GB of RAM , you wo n’t be held back by anything you throw at it – especially now that you can get Radeon Pro Vega 20 graphics .
With that kind of performance , the MacBook Pro takes a lofty spot on our best Mac and MacBooks list without breaking a sweat .
Read the full review : MacBook Pro ( 15 - inch , 2019 )
( Image credit : Apple )
3. iMac ( 27 - inch , 2020 )
A formidable upgrade CPU : 10th - generation Intel Core i5 – i9 | Graphics : AMD Radeon Pro 5300 - Radeon Pro 5700 XT | RAM : 8GB – 128 GB 2666MHz DDR4 | Screen : 27 - inch ( diagonal ) 5120 x 2880 Retina 5 K display | Storage : 256GB – 8TB SSD
No price information Check Amazon Improved internals
Can be configured to be very powerful Design is getting old Just two Thunderbolt ports
Even though the iMac 27 - inch ’s last update was only last year , Apple could n’t help but step up in the upgrades department with its 2020 follow - up .
Specs - wise , this model sports some massive improvements while also upgrading its webcam and microphones for a felicitous update .
More people are working from home these days , and this seems like the best all - in - one PC to invest in without being forced to make some considerable space in your existing area .
Sure , its overall design has n’t seen so much as a tweak , making it look a bit tired , but if power is at the top of your list , this one ’s the best Mac for you .
Read the full review : iMac ( 27 - inch , 2020 )
( Image credit : Apple )
4. MacBook Pro ( 13 - inch , 2020 )
Worth the upgrade at the highest configuration CPU : 8th - generation Intel Core i5 – 10th - generation Intel Core i7 | Graphics : Intel Iris Plus Graphics 645 | RAM : up to 32GB | Screen : 13 - inch Retina display with True Tone | Storage : 256GB – 4TB SSD $ 1,899 View at Adorama $ 1,939 View at Adorama $ 2,499.96
View at QVC Improved specs ( on some models ) Larger capacity SSD for starting model New keyboard is great Entry - level model still has 8th gen Intel CPU
You still only get Thunderbolt 3 ports
The MacBook Pro ( 13 - inch , 2020 ) ’s entry - level model may miss out on some of the lineup ’s new toys .
However , going for the higher - end configurations will get you new ( and powerful )
Intel processors and improved RAM speeds for better performance , all packed in the 13 - inch incredibly svelte body .
Apple rounds it all out with that incredible Magic Keyboard from the new 16 - inch , finally getting rid of that problematic keyboard .
Even if you do n’t go for the 10th - generation Intel Core configurations , you might still appreciate the fact that all models come with more storage capacity for the same price as their predecessors .
Read the full review : MacBook Pro ( 13 - inch , 2020 )
Apple ’s thinnest and lightest MacBook is back in 2020 with a vengeance .
( Image credit : Apple )
5. MacBook Air ( 2020 ) New and improved for 2020 CPU : Intel Core i3 – i7 | Graphics : Intel Iris Plus Graphics | RAM : 8GB – 16GB | Storage : 256GB – 2TB PCIe - based SSD | Dimensions : 30.41 x 21.24 x 1.61 cm $ 999 View at BHPhoto $ 1,069 View at Adorama $ 1,489 View at QVC Lower price of entry New 10th generation processors Improved keyboard Screen colors a little muted Battery life only OK Webcam still just 720p
Apple ’s thinnest and lightest MacBook is back in 2020 with a vengeance .
Not only has it fixed a lot of the complaints with its predecessors – namely , that problematic keyboard is now gone , replaced by a drastically improved keyboard .
But it also comes with new and more powerful internal components , even more storage space options , and a lower price of entry .
There are a couple of things we ’d do better , like the muted screen and the average battery life , but this model of the MacBook Air is better than anything we ’ve seen from the line to date .
Read the full review : MacBook Air ( 2020 )
Check out the latest cheap MacBook Air deals
iMac Pro can handle any workload you can possibly throw at it .
( Image credit : Apple )
6. iMac Pro Raw power CPU : 8 to 18 - core Intel Xeon W | Graphics : Radeon Pro Vega 56 - Radeon Pro Vega 64 | RAM : 32 GB – 256GB DDR4 ECC | Screen : 27 - inch 5 K ( 5,120 x 2,880 ) Retina display ( P3 wide color ) | Storage : 1TB – 4TB PCIe 3.0 SSD | Dimensions ( H x W x D ) : 65 x 20.3 x 51.6 cm $ 4,999 View at Apple $ 13,499 View at BHPhoto No price information Check Amazon Most powerful Mac you can buy Gorgeous , color - accurate display Very expensive
Professionals and creatives need something that can handle any workload they can possibly throw at it .
If you ’re one such user , the iMac Pro is n’t just one of the best Macs for you ; it ’s the only Mac to consider .
Not only does it have a vibrant 27 - inch 5 K display with a P3 wide color gamut , but it also boasts the most powerful hardware Apple could get its hands on .
It ’s extremely expensive though , so it ’s really only meant for folks who have deep pockets and need that unbridled power to get through their daily workloads .
Read the full review : iMac Pro
( Image credit : Apple )
7. MacBook Pro ( 13 - inch , 2020 )
Worth the upgrade at the highest configuration CPU : 8th - generation Intel Core i5 – 10th - generation Intel Core i7 | Graphics : Intel Iris Plus Graphics 645 | RAM : up to 32GB | Screen : 13 - inch Retina display with True Tone | Storage : 256GB – 4TB SSD | Dimensions ( W x D x H ) : 11.97 x 8.36 x 0.61 inches $ 1,899 View at Adorama $ 1,939 View at Adorama $ 2,499.96
View at QVC Improved specs ( on some models ) Larger capacity SSD for starting model New keyboard is great Entry - level model still has 8th gen Intel CPU
You still only get Thunderbolt 3 ports
The MacBook Pro ( 13 - inch , 2020 ) ’s entry - level model may miss out on some of the lineup ’s new toys .
However , going for the higher - end configurations will get you new ( and powerful )
Intel processors and improved RAM speeds for better performance , all packed into the 13 - inch incredibly svelte body .
Apple rounds it all out with that incredible Magic Keyboard from the new 16 - inch , finally getting rid of that problematic keyboard .
Even if you do n’t go for the 10th - generation Intel Core configurations , you might still appreciate the fact that all models come with more storage capacity for the same price as their predecessors .
Read the full review : MacBook Pro ( 13 - inch , 2020 )
If you ’re looking for a MacBook that ’s easy to take with you wherever you go , you will love the MacBook ( 2017 ) .
( Image credit : Apple )
8. MacBook ( 2017 ) Small and stylish CPU : Dual - core Intel Core m3 – Core i5 | Graphics : Intel HD Graphics 615 | RAM : 8GB – 16GB | Screen : 12 - inch Retina ( 2,304 x 1,440 ) IPS | Storage : 256GB – 512GB PCIe SSD | Dimensions ( W x D x H ) : 11.04 x 7.74 x 0.14~0.52in $ 999.77 View at Amazon Low Stock $ 999.77
View at Amazon 110 Amazon customer reviews ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ Incredibly portable Long battery life Too expensive
While Apple has officially taken the MacBook out of its MacBook lineup , many third parties are still carry it .
And because the 12 - inch MacBook has found its niche as an ultraportable and lightweight laptop , it ’s still deserving of a spot on our best Macs list … that is , until stock runs out .
It ’s low on ports , but that ’s hardly a surprise in a laptop this thin .
It can support basically everything under the sun with its Thunderbolt 3 port , anyway .
It ’s not as powerful as the MacBook Pro , but if you ’re looking for a MacBook that ’s easy to take with you wherever you go , look no further .
Read the full review : Apple MacBook ( 2017 )
( Image credit : Apple )
9. Apple Mac mini ( 2020 )
Same size , more storage space CPU : 8th - generation Intel Core i3 – Core i7 | Graphics : Intel UHD Graphics 630 | RAM : 8GB – 64GB 2666MHz DDR4 | Storage : 256GB – 2TB SSD | Dimensions ( W x D x H ) : 19.7 x 19.7 x 3.6 cm $ 999 View at BHPhoto $ 1,069 View at Adorama $ 1,489 View at QVC More storage More RAM options Aging processor Older integrated graphics
For 2020 , Apple is changing up a bit , giving its updated Macs more storage than their predecessors as well as the option for even more RAM .
It ’s the case with the newly - updated Mac mini ( 2020 ) .
Sadly , this is n't quite the generational upgrade we were hoping for .
It ’s the same Mac mini with the same processor and integrated graphics that are both , unfortunately , aging at this point .
Though , both are still pretty potent for the Mac mini ’s target audience .
Combined with more storage space , this is certainly an appealing option for many Apple fans .
Bill Thomas and Gabe Carey have also contributed to this article .
What to look for in the best Macs and MacBooks
Whether it ’s the new 16 - inch MacBook Pro that just came out or the Mac Pro 2019 that ’s also just released , it ’s not hard to see why the best Mac and MacBooks are the weapons of choice of creative professionals .
And , even if you do n’t go for the newest releases , there ’s already a few excellent options to choose from , especially with Apple recently giving its MacBook Air , 13 - inch MacBook Pro and 15 - inch MacBook Pro that much - needed update .
The best part is that the best Mac and MacBooks come in different shapes , sizes and price so that whether you want the cheapest MacBook you could find , a professional workhorse that breezes through all your extensive workloads like a pro , or an all - in - one that saves you space , there ’s a Mac on the market for you .
Square - Enix is planning on re-releasing Final Fantasy VII on one , or more , of the new video game consoles .
Unfortunately , they have yet to announce which console it will be released on , when it will be released , whether or not said console that it will finally be released on currently exists or not , or anything else about said plans .
They ’ve said nothing !
But we all know they ca n’t let this cash cow lay dormant forever .
I ’m just getting a head start on mentioning it before it happens .
With that said , I ’d be willing to bet money that someone will post this comic or a link to this comic on their site / blog saying something to the effect of , “ They ’re finally remaking Final Fantasy VII ! ” Seriously .
Most people simply come to the website , look at the comic , possibly read the words in the comic , and then leave …
Actually , according to the stats the average person “ reads ” five comics before leaving .
And that ’s your random rant / trivia combo for the day .
But , most people ignore the news posting below the comics .
Those people are missing out on a lot of important details .
Like the one that Square - Enix has yet to announce it is re-releasing Final Fantasy VII .
See !
That ’s an important piece of knowledge to have with this strip .
Oh , and just in case you were wondering the inspiration for this comic came from seeing The Clone Wars , this post and mixing the two licenses together in my head .
Oh , and just in case you are also wondering my opinion on The Clone Wars …
Well , I think Joe Dunn does a pretty good job of summing it up my thoughts .
Thoroughly clean the toilet .
Add the required amount of shampoo to the toilet water , and have both lids lifted .
Obtain the cat and soothe him while you carry him towards the bathroom .
In one smooth movement , put the cat in the toilet and close both lids ( you may need to stand on the lid so that he cannot escape ) .
CAUTION : Do not get any part of your body too close to the edge , as his paws will be reaching out for anything they can find .
The cat will self - agitate and make ample suds .
Never mind the noises that come from your toilet , the cat is actually enjoying this .
Flush the toilet three or four times .
This provides a " powerwash " and " rinse " which I have found to be quite effective .
Have someone open the door to the outside and ensure that there are no people between the toilet and the outside door .
Stand behind the toilet as far as you can , and quickly lift both lids .
When the Republican Party issued a clarion call last week for its grassroots supporters to submit ideas online to build the party 's platform , Republican National Committee officials probably were n't expecting a concerted push for the dismantling of the Federal Reserve and a return to the gold standard .
But Ron Paul supporters have made themselves at home on the the GOP platform site , sounding many of the themes that turned the Texas congressman 's doomed run for the Republican presidential nod into an internet__ __cause célèbre .
" Get rid of the unconstitutional Federal Reserve , and go back to a sound gold and silver based currency , " wrote Cathy , a contributor from Stevensville , Montana , in a post to the " Jobs and Economic Growth " section of the site .
It 's just one of pages and pages of comments submitted by users complaining about the Federal Reserve .
Abolishing the bank is one of Paul 's core policy issues .
A Libertarian - leaning Republican , Ron Paul formally ended his presidential run June 12 , long after rival John McCain effectively secured the nomination .
But Paul 's army of online supporters , who 've collectively contributed millions of dollars and thousands of hours of volunteering , are still out there , and they 're now working to sway the direction of the party .
" One thing that should be emphasized is how the last eight years have not been Republican at all , " writes Joshua , from Omaha , Nebraska .
" Under George W. Bush we saw record government spending , the size of government increase , Fannie and Freddie are going through a crisis , and the Federal Reserve let the dollar inflate like mad .
If that is n't something for the Republicans to be ashamed of , I do n't know what is . "
Says Bob in Clemons , North Carolina : " We need to abolish the Federal Reserve and go back to the gold standard .
Not just any gold though , I heard about this stuff , pure - strain gold that has been around since God created the universe .
That 's what we should base our currency around since it is so close to God . "
Other libertarians chimed in with their own sermons from the Book of Paul .
" I'm a little afraid of writing this , as perhaps , I 'll be labeled as an
' enemy combatant ' and will be whisked away by the [ Department of Homeland Security ] without the rights previously held by American citizens , but , here goes ....
Read The Revolution , by Ron Paul , especially Chapter 2 , " wrote an anonymous author .
" If the Republican party is to remain a relevant part of America 's post - boomer political future , then our position on same - sex marriage must change , " wrote another .
" As a young person and a ' Ron Paul Republican , ' I feel that personal liberties , including the right for any adult to marry any other consenting adult , must be protected .
At the very least , the issue should be left up to the states . "
" As a paleo - conservative I do not support the current direction of the
Republican party , " writes " PauPer " in yet another entry .
" I think Bob
Barr and Ron Paul are the true conservative Republicans .
The so - called neo-cons have neglected American Republican values .
It 's no longer left vs. right , it 's state worship vs. individual rights .
The feral federal government does n't recognize state or individual rights , and not doing so make them traitors to American values .
Peace out . "
Will the Republican party respond to the disaffected online Paulites ?
An e-mail to an RNC spokesperson was n't returned by the time of this posting , nor was a phone call to platform committee chairman Rep .
Kevin McCarthy ( R - California ) .
Today ’s post showcases five brilliant ring designs which were inspired by tires , tennis balls , bricks , teeth and pistols .
Enjoy !
05 – Tire Rings
Inspired by the beautiful machines all around us , the tire ring marries the appeal of motor sports , innovation and wearable classical jewelry forms .
04 – Tennis Ball Rings
03 – Brick Work Ring
02 – Teeth Ring
01 – Ring Pistol
For more wedding rings , check out : 15 Cool and Unusual Rings
Researchers at the Yerkes National Primate Research Center , Emory University , have shown capuchin monkeys , just like humans , find giving to be a satisfying experience .
This finding comes on the coattails of a recent imaging study in humans that documented activity in reward centers of the brain after humans gave to charity .
Empathy in seeing the pleasure of another 's fortune is thought to be the impetus for sharing , a trait this study shows transcends primate species .
The study is available online in the Early Edition of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Frans de Waal , PhD , director of the Living Links Center at the Yerkes Research Center , and Kristi Leimgruber , research specialist , led a team of researchers who exchanged tokens for food with eight adult female capuchins .
Each capuchin was paired with a relative , an unrelated familiar female from her own social group or a stranger ( a female from a different group ) .
The capuchins then were given the choice of two tokens : the selfish option , which rewarded that capuchin alone with an apple slice ; or the prosocial option , which rewarded both capuchins with an apple slice .
The monkeys predominantly selected the prosocial token when paired with a relative or familiar individual but not when paired with a stranger .
" The fact the capuchins predominantly selected the prosocial option must mean seeing another monkey receive food is satisfying or rewarding for them , " said de Waal .
" We believe prosocial behavior is empathy based .
Empathy increases in both humans and animals with social closeness , and in our study , closer partners made more prosocial choices .
They seem to care for the welfare of those they know , " continued de Waal .
de Waal and his research team next will attempt to determine whether giving is self - rewarding to capuchins because they can eat together or if the monkeys simply like to see the other monkey enjoying food .
Source : Emory University
NEW YORK : Dell Inc , the second - largest personal - computer maker , introduced business laptops that can run for as long as 19 hours on a single charge .
Dell 's Latitude E6400 , which comes with a 14.1 - inch ( 35.8 centimeter ) screen , has a life of 8 hours and can run longer with an extra battery that slides onto the bottom , said Margaret Franco , head of business notebooks .
That version costs $ 1,139 , while a model with a 15.4 - inch screen sells for $ 1,169 .
Chief Executive Officer Michael
Dell returned last year to spark a recovery after the company lost the lead in the PC market to Hewlett - Packard Co .
While targeting consumers by selling computers through retail stores , Dell is trying to appeal to businesses with new designs and colour options .��
�Dell sold reasonably priced workhorse models , but they were stodgy , '' said Leslie Fiering , an analyst at Gartner Inc in San Jose , California .
The new models represent a ���major industrial design change .��
�About 82 per cent of Dell 's $ 16.1 billion in sales last quarter came from business customers , with consumers accounting for the rest .
Corporate sales increased 6.9 per cent , compared with a 21 per cent gain in the consumer business .
Dell 's other new business laptops include the ultra-portable Latitude E4200 .
It weighs 2.2 pounds ( 1 kilogram ) , making it the lightest laptop Dell has made .
The computer has a 4 - hour battery life and a 12.1 - inch screen .
The smoking ban and slow consumer spending have knocked trading
The smoking ban and slow consumer spending have sent pub group JD Wetherspoon 's adjusted pre-tax profits down 11 % in the year to July .
Pre-tax profits for the year ended 27 July 2008 were £ 55 m , despite sales up 2.1 % to £ 907.5 m , buoyed by food sales .
Like - for - like food sales jumped 7.9 % in the year , but bar sales slid 4.3 % in the first full year of trading since the smoking ban .
Supermarket competition and rising costs have all weakened pubs ' business .
Another poor British summer has also exacerbated problems in the difficult market .
Food for booze
The smoking ban , which was introduced on 1 July last year , has meant that bar sales have declined while food sales have become more popular .
Food now makes up about 29 % of its business , compared with 17 % 10 years ago .
Drinks ordered with food make up another third of Wetherspoon 's business .
Wetherspoon 's also said increased taxation had a big impact on its trading , even more so than energy bills .
" In the current financial year , we continue to estimate that increases in excise duty on alcoholic drinks , minimum wage - related costs and increased statutory entitlements will amount to £ 16 m , " said a company statement .
Furthermore , chairman and founder Tim Martin said he expected more increases in food , energy , labour and energy costs this year .
Mr Martin said a like - for - like sales increase of 3 % was needed to offset these costs .
Jason Goldberg , founder of aggregation service Socialmedian — and the controversial former CEO of Jobster — set off a bit of a hand grenade via Twitter today , when he posted a message saying that his company was looking to raise some money .
The full text of his message ( which he later deleted , but which is still available on FriendFeed ) was :
â€ œsocialmedian is raising some more angel investment now .
$ 25 k - $ 100 / investor , up to $ 500 k .
Interested parties can contact me directly .â€ 
Within minutes , the eagle - eyed Michael Arrington — a former securities lawyer specializing in IPOs , and therefore intimately familiar with the rules — had put up a post on TechCrunch about the message , saying Goldberg was effectively soliciting investment without filing a registration statement and issuing a prospectus , something that is prohibited by the Securities Act ( specifically , Section 5 ) .
As Mike points out :
“ Most venture financings are excluded from Securities Act registration via a private offering exemption .
But the key to these exemptions are that they arenâ€™t disclosed publicly and the investors must all be high net - worth individuals .
In other words , this is exactly the kind of offering the law is designed to stop in order to protect individuals . ”
It ’s interesting to read through some of the comments the Twitter message sparked on FriendFeed ( there ’s also a post about it on Mashable and Portfolio magazine has picked it up as well ) .
Jason says that he was simply letting users know that a financing was coming , and that anyone taking part would still have to qualify ( show that they were high net - worth and / or understood the risks , etc. ) before investing .
Others — including Goldberg — toss around the idea of using Twitter or a similar tool to raise micro-financings .
It was that last part that got me thinking .
Why could n’t someone “ crowd - source ” a financing for a startup ?
Why not amend the Securities Act to allow posts like Goldberg ’s ?
The SEC has said that blogs can be used for Regulation FD disclosure — why not allow blogs and social networks to play a part in the raising of money ?
It ’s not as though millions of people have n’t been just as impoverished by “ qualified ” investments and prospectuses as they could ever be by investing in a Twitter financing .
Why do we need the government protecting us from ourselves ?
Alaska Governor Sarah Palin has ignored research showing that polar bear populations are declining in the quest to plumb new sources of energy , according to scientists , and environmental groups who fought to put the bears on the endangered species list .
Sen . John McCain tapped Alaska Governor Sarah Palinto be his vice presidential candidate Friday .
Palin is only the second woman to be on a major party 's ticket as VP – the first was Geraldine Ferraro , who ran with Democrati Walter Mondale in 1984 .
Alaska Governor Sarah Palin , pictured here , disagrees with John McCain on drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge .
She 's for it , he 's against it .
" The governor 's going to support senator McCain 's policies , " says Douglas Holtz - Eakin , a senior campaign advisor .
Photo : Associated Press / Al Grillo
The 44 - year - old Palin , a beauty pageant winner and former mayor of a small town in Alaska , is an advocate of drilling for oil in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge .
She has infuriated environmentalists for her support of the aerial shooting of wolves as a way to build up herds of moose and caribou .
She 's also sued the Interior Department for putting polar bears on the endangered species list .
In the lawsuit , filed this month in federal district court in the District of Columbia , Palin argues that the government 's move to list polar bears as endangered is not based on sound science , and restricts oil and natural gas development .
The Interior Department had put the bears on the list in response to a lawsuit filed by environmental groups , who argued that the bears are being threatened by global warming .
In an interview on the conservative CNN talk show hosted by Glenn Beck earlier this year , Palin said that she was worried that environmentalists are using the Endangered Species
Act to block the extraction of oil and gas .
" In fact , the number of polar bears has risen dramatically over the past 30 years , " she said .
" Our fear ( is ) that extreme environmentalists will use this tool , the ESA , to eventually curtail or halt the North Slope production of very rich resources that America needs . "
But biologists who have studied polar bear populations counter that the facts simply do not support Palin 's assertion that polar bear populations are on the rise .
" Polar bear populations have not been increasing for the past 30 years , and that 's a well - known fact , " said Ian Stirling , an emeritus scientist with Canada 's Department of the Environment and an adjunct professor at the University of Alberta in an interview .
Stirling has studied polar bears for 37 years – the longest of anyone .
In fact , the polar bear population has actually declined by 20 percent in Alaska 's Southern Beaufort Sea since the mid-1980s , he says , referring to peer - reviewed research that he 's conducted with other scientists for the US Geological Survey .
The reason : Loss of their habitat in the form of melting ice .
The population decline in the area is one of six documented declining populations .
In all , there are 19 distinct populations of polar bears , but not all of those populations have been surveyed .
The research reports with this information have been available to Palin for more than a year , Stirling says .
" There is currently no way to drill for oil in polar bear seas without imperiling the polar bears , " said Kassie Siegel , climate program director for the Center for Biological Diversity .
" Polar bears that come into contact with spilled oil will become coated with oil , will attempt to groom themselves to remove it ... and will almost certainly die . "
Palin has stated that her opposition to the polar bear listing is based on a scientific review from the Alaska Department of Fish and Game .
Yet documents released by a FOIA request show that the state 's biologists agreed with the Interior Department about the polar bear 's habitat .
Senator McCain believes that protecting polar bears is important , but that using the endangered species act may not be the best approach to solving the problem – rather enacting climate change legislation is , says Douglas Holtz - Eakin , a senior advisor to McCain .
He added that Palin will support McCain 's policies .
" McCain has said many times that policy must be based on sound science , " he said .
" We will see a difference from the past eight years . "
" The governor is going to support senator McCain 's policies , " Holtz - Eakin said in an interview .
In a statement on the Palin pick , the McCain campaign called her a " tough executive who has demonstrated during her time in office that she is ready to be president , and that " she has brought Republicans and Democrats together within her administration and has a record of delivering on the change and reform that we need in Washington . "
The McCain campaign also praised Palin for being independent - minded and standing up to oil companies , yet at the same time " fighting for the development of new energy resources . "
Conservative blogs hailed the choice Friday , gleeful at the outrage Palin 's election sparked among liberals .
" The mood around the offices of Townhall.com is sort of like that of Christmastime , " wrote blogger Matt Lewis .
" Everyone is ecstatic .
The pick was perfect , and the execution flawless ...
You can tell this is a good pick by the way conservatives love it – and by the way liberal blogs hate it ! "
As the governor of a state that 's renowned for valuing civil liberties , Palin received praise from the American Civil Liberties Union this May for letting a bill pass that prohibits the funding of the implementation of REAL - ID , a federal law that requires states to comply with certain technical standards when issuing drivers ' licenses .
While we have always been aware that the cyber threat landscape is constantly evolving , the pandemic has exacerbated that .
We have a unique and exciting opportunity to share what we ’ve learned and to become stronger , together , through this .
Keep Reading
By Paul Rincon
Science reporter , BBC News
Dark matter is shown in blue , ordinary matter is coloured pink Striking evidence has been found for the enigmatic " stuff " called dark matter which makes up 23 % of the Universe , yet is invisible to our eyes .
The results come from astronomical observations of a titanic collision between two clusters of galaxies 5.7 billion light - years away .
Astronomers detected the dark matter because it separated from the normal matter during the cosmic smash - up .
The research team are to publish their findings in the Astrophysical Journal .
They used the Hubble and Chandra space telescopes to study the object MACSJ0025.4- 1222 - formed after an incredibly energetic collision between two large galaxy clusters .
Each of these large clusters contains about a quadrillion times the mass of our Sun .
It puts to rest all the worries that the Bullet Cluster was an anomalous case .
We have gone out and found another one
Richard Massey , Royal Observatory Edinburgh
A technique known as gravitational lensing was used to map the dark matter with Hubble .
If an observer looks at a distant galaxy and some dark matter lies in between , the light from that galaxy gets distorted .
It looks as if it is being seen through lots of little lenses .
And each of these lenses represents a piece of dark matter .
Astronomers used the Chandra X - ray telescope to map ordinary matter in the merging clusters , mostly in the form of hot gas , which glows brightly in X - rays .
As the two clusters that formed MACSJ0025 merged at speeds of millions of kilometres per hour , hot gas in the two clusters collided and slowed down .
However , the dark matter kept on going , passing right through the smash - up .
Speeding bullet
This phenomenon has been seen before , in a structure called the Bullet Cluster - which also formed after the collision of two large galaxy clusters .
The Bullet Cluster lies closer to Earth , at a distance of 3.4 billion light - years .
" It puts to rest all the worries that the Bullet Cluster was an anomalous case .
We have gone out and found another one , " co-author Richard Massey , from the Royal Observatory Edinburgh , told BBC News .
The study sheds light on the properties of dark matter .
The fact that dark matter does not slow down in the collision supports a view that dark matter particles interact with each other only very weakly or not at all ( when one excludes their gravitational interaction ) .
" Dark matter makes up five times more matter in the Universe than ordinary matter , " said co-author Marusa Bradac , from the University of California at Santa Barbara ( UCSB ) .
" This study confirms that we are dealing with a very different kind of matter , unlike the matter that we are made of .
And we 're able to study it in a very powerful collision of two clusters of galaxies . "
Larger sample
The latest astronomical observations suggest that dark matter makes up some 23 % of the Universe .
Ordinary matter - such as the galaxies , gas , stars and planets - makes up just 4 % .
The remaining 73 % is made up of another mysterious quantity ; dark energy , which is responsible for speeding up the expansion of the cosmos .
The Large Hadron Collider may shed further light on dark matter According to one model , dark matter may be comprised of exotic sub-atomic " stuff " known as Weakly Interacting Massive Particles ( WIMPS ) .
Others hold that the dark substance consists of everyday matter , rather than some elusive sub-atomic particle .
However , this ordinary matter , referred to as Massive Astrophysical Compact Halo Objects ( MACHOS ) , happens to radiate little or no light .
A powerful physics experiment , the Large Hadron Collider , situated on the French - Swiss border , could shed further light on this question after it begins operating later this year .
Dr Massey said his team had found other candidates for colliding clusters .
" Ideally , we do n't want just one or two , we want lots of these things to really study them statistically , " he explained .
" Then we either use the whole lot , or pick out one ' golden bullet ' which will provide the best constraints on what dark matter is . "
The Hubble Space Telescope failed just after the team had taken their image of MACSJ0025 , so they have not yet been able to study these other candidates .
Dr Massey said the astronomers hope to do this after the next Hubble servicing mission with the space shuttle , which is due to launch in October 2008 .
Paul.Rincon-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Maui to Get Algae Facility for Biodiesel
July 15th , 2008 by Courtney Carlisle Bolton
Recognizing the potential for algae as an energy crop , a Hawaiian conglomerate has come together to pursue the joint development of a commercial - scale microalgae facility on Maui to produce lipid oil for conversion to biodiesel and other products , such as animal feed .
While a number of factors still need to be put in place before the first phase of the program can begin , the anticipated start date could be as early as 2011 .
“ This innovative partnership can help move Hawaii one step closer to securing energy independence and achieving our goal of having 70 percent of Hawaii ’s energy come from clean sources by 2030 , ” said Hawaii Governor Linda Lingle .
Hoping for very high levels of oil production per acre from algae , Maui , which currently fuels about 85 percent of its combustion generation with petroleum diesel , could meet the biodiesel feedstock need with the Ma’alaea algae facility when combined with other locally grown vegetable - oil crops , such as jatropha or palm .
This innovative step is being spearheaded by HR BioPetroleum , Alexander & Baldwin , Inc. ( NASDAQ : ALEX ) , Hawaiian Electric Company and Maui Electric Company , subsidiaries of Hawaiian Electric Industries , Inc. ( NYSE:HE ) .
“ As we move toward siting an algae facility next to Maui Electric ’s power plant , we will meet more of our energy needs at home and also reduce our carbon footprint , ” said Dr. Karl Stahlkopf , Hawaiian Electric senior vice president for energy solutions and chief technology officer .
“ This project entails some uncertainly .
Stepping forward to be a first implementer of a new idea always does . ”
“ However , it unites the best of the new Hawaii high - tech industry with two long - established Hawaii infrastructure companies in a unique partnership .
We have good reason to be confident it will be a step toward energy self sufficiency , not only for Hawaii but for the nation and the world , ” Stahlkopf said .
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
In 1917 he was treated by Sir Harold Gillies - the first man to use skin grafts from undamaged areas on the body - and know as ' the father of plastic surgery ' .
Meet the Waldorf STVC , an incredible machine for pads , leads and vocal sounds that fit easily into every mix .
STVC is not just a Streichfett with the same great keyboard like we used on Blofeld .
Many features were added : a vocoder with a Freeze looper , a
5 - slot modulation matrix , controlling parameters through an optional expression pedal and much more .
Furthermore , the synth engine from Streichfett has been taken to another level .
Now the strings sound even more lush and silky - smooth .
You may not believe that you will need the STVC until you hear it and until you see what it is capable of .
So , what are you waiting for ?
Lean more
The mighty synth engine from Quantum is now available in a compact form .
Tracing the footsteps of its bigger brother , Iridium features all the synthesis elements of Quantum as well in a rack - compatible format .
The combination of the powerful engine , incredible flexibility and detailed sound shaping facilities creates sheer endless possibilities of sound .
Yet , the comprehensive layout and easy - to - understand structure lets you design your own sounds in no time .
Sporting a solid metal casing and the same high level of craftsmanship like Quantum , Iridium is now ready to take over studios and stages throughout the world .
Read more about Iridium
" access to the Pacific , Atlantic , and eastern Gulf regions would not have a significant impact on domestic crude oil and natural gas production or prices before 2030 . "
That is what the U.S. Energy Information Administration said in its February 2007 annual energy outlook .
So , why is it that 51 % of Americans apparently believe that drilling here , drilling now would have an immediate effect on gasoline prices at the pump ?
The Center for Economic Policy and Research blames television news , which has been reporting on the Republican Party 's mantra , and that of its presumptive presidential candidate , John McCain , without referencing the projections of the widely respected agency , a branch of the U.S. Department of Energy .
Authors Mark Weisbrot and Nichole Szembrot write :
The polls indicate that McCain ’s effort has been successful .
For example , 69 percent of respondents favored such expanded drilling , and 51 percent said that they believed that “ federal laws that prohibit increased drilling for oil offshore or in wilderness areas ” were a “ major cause of the recent increase in gasoline prices . ”
The top television news programs barely referenced the EIA report , and if they did , they did so through a partisan source : generally the Barack Obama campaign :
Out of 267 news programs between June 16th and August 9th , in major media outlets on this subject , there was only one , or less than one half of one percent , that cited the EIA ’s estimate that the increased oil production would not significantly affect gasoline prices .
There were 24 other news programs that provided some similar information from other sources , usually partisan – e.g. Barack Obama .
However , this is not the same thing as citing official statistics .
So , in case anyone glossed over the EIA statement , here it is again :
" access to the Pacific , Atlantic , and eastern Gulf regions would not have a significant impact on domestic crude oil and natural gas production or prices before 2030 . "
-- Geoffrey Mohan
Photo : Offshore rigs near Huntington Beach .
Credit : Mark Boster / Los Angeles Times
[ digg=http://digg.com/food_drink/Ordering_from_the_secret_menu_at_fast_food_restaurants]
Ever had a neopolitan milkshake from McDonald’s ?
One where they layer the chocolate , strawberry , and vanilla flavors in the same cup , creating a thick , icy , slow - moving light - brown - swirls - with - pink - flecks taste sensation ?
Yeah , my friend Chad was a regular customer of those .
Of course , when he was working at McDonald ’s he got sick of the regular menu pretty quickly and started tinkering in the back like a mad scientist with his coworkers , developing exotic , unstable , and unpredictable meal creations with the ingredients on hand .
Yes , there were failed attempts , like the Chicken McNugget Flurry , but sometimes they struck gold and created a new off - the - menu line extension .
I guess this is fairly common , because there are reports of online McDonald ’s employee communities , where insider recipes such as the McBrushetta and McPancakeBatterFunnelCakes are shared .
Now , my world opened up when I first realized with Chad that you could order off - the - menu at fast food restaurants .
Since that time I ’ve learned about a few other secret options around .
Like for instance :
• Wendy ’s – The Grand Slam .
If the single , double , or triple hamburgers at Wendy ’s just do n’t cut it for you , just go all out and order the massive four - patty grand slam .
Also known as the Classic Quadruple or The Meat Cube .
• McDonald ’s – Fries with Big Mac Sauce .
Lots of people put fries right on the burger , which I agree tastes delicious .
But this technique allows you to switch things up a bit and put some of your burger ’s best feature right on your fries .
Try to ignore protests from your arteries , and just ask for that a little cup of Big Mac Sauce on the side for dipping .
• Starbucks – The Red Eye .
A cup of coffee with a shot of espresso dumped in .
Now , I ’m not a huge coffee drinker , but apparently you can even upgrade this to two shots which is called a Black Eye .
I presume upgrading to three shots is called a Jumpy , Unblinking Eye .
• Most Fish & Chip places – Batter Bits .
I knew a girl who was all over these .
She ’d lean in and guiltily ask in a hushed whisper and the guy behind the counter would nod slowly and hand over a wet , greasy paper bag full of all the batter drippings that fell into the oil by accident .
Yeah , this is the bottom of the barrel of off - the - menu stylings .
It ai n’t always pretty out there .
• In -N- Out Burger – Animal Style Hamburger .
The well - known ‘ secret menu ‘ at In - N - Out features this heavenly gem — their regular burger patty cooked in mustard , then topped with extra pickles , extra spread , and grilled onions .
Yessir , In - N - Out will whip anything up — including messy Animal Style Fries or even a 100×100 order ( 100 patties and 100 slices of dee-licious cheese . )
• Subway – The Pizza Sub .
Apparently this one ’s like sasquatch .
There are scattered sightings everywhere and a few grainy videos that may have been tampered with .
Another favorite from Subway , though not technically a menu item , is simply ‘ the old cut ’ , where they dig a trench in your bread instead of just slicing it , leading to better cold cut and veggie distribution .
Also known for causing The Wing Effect , where your bologna hangs out the sides of your sandwich for some tasty pre-nibbles .
• McDonald ’s – Big Mac with Quarter Pounder patties .
One last McDonald ’s fixture — the ol ’ bun-heavy Big Mac surgically altered to become a meat - heavy Big Mac with Quarter Pounder patties instead .
Now you ’re much less likely to get that dreaded All - Bun first bite .
• Starbucks – The Short Cup .
Even though the smallest size on the Starbucks menu is a ‘ Tall ’ , they do offer a secret ‘ Short ’ size behind the counter .
Perfect for that between - coffee - breaks coffee .
Now , I ’m only one man , so I ’m sure there are hundreds of great off - the - menu gems that I ’ve never heard of or know about .
But that ’s the beauty !
There are all these little surprises just waiting to be discovered .
What possible fast - food mouth love will we discover next ?
Ordering off the menu at fast food restaurants is a great deal .
Maybe you ’re the loyal customer looking for that new taste .
Maybe you have strict dietary restrictions so it ’s either off - the - menu or no - menu - at - all .
Or maybe you ’re just a grumpy guy who makes flippant off - the - menu requests with a deep scowl and a foot - stomp .
But whatever the case , whatever your background , whatever your taste , I think we can all agree that it sure is nice getting a little something special for lunch now and then .
AWESOME !
Photos from : here , here , and here
Open source is no longer a novelty , even within the largest corporations .
Today , 53 percent of businesses use open - source software , according to a recent CIO.com survey .
However , not enough of those businesses are contributing code back to the open - source community , said Jim Whitehurst , president and CEO of Red Hat , at the Red Hat Summit .
And such contributions would benefit the enterprise even more than it would the development community , he explained .
MORE ON CIO.com
Open Source is Entering the Enterprise
When Your Employee Develops Open -Source Code on the Company Payroll
According to Jim Zemlin , executive director of The Linux Foundation , 75 percent of software is written for in - house use .
As Whitehurst pointed out , much of that code is never used — a true waste of resources .
" Think how much software is written out there that is behind proprietary walls , " Whitehurst said .
Often , a company will create an innovative technology solution , using open - source software such as the Linux operating system , that can be appreciated by other developers and users .
Whitehurst sees this as an opportunity to evangelize the power of open source to help businesses work more efficiently .
Zemlin agrees about the importance of getting sophisticated internal developers involved , which he sees as an untapped brain trust .
" Getting those people to contribute to the process is critical , " he says .
For example , Whitehurst said , the Merge real - time messaging functionality in Linux was originally written by J.P. Morgan for its internal needs .
But any enhancements the company would make would fork the OS , requiring the company to re-implement its customizations every time it upgraded its Linux computers .
According to Whitehurst , JP Morgan 's CIO realized that support costs could be reduced by contributing the source code to the Linux community .
Other Linux users would benefit , which would be nice ... but more important to JP Morgan , the company would n't have to invest its own resources in maintaining an internal application .
The Merge code would now be updated and enhanced by Linux developers at large , in addition to any committers on its own staff .
Similarly , Whitehurst said , a Canadian insurance company developed ESB and contributed it to the Linux community .
Doing so , he said , built a large community of users .
This is n't exactly uncommon .
As reported in CIO . com 's survey , half of those who use open source ( 49 percent ) often or sometimes report bugs or contribute their changes back to the open - source community ; 11 percent have open - source committers on their staff .
You may expect that companies would be concerned about competitive differentiation , and keeping ones ' customizations out of the hands of their industry competitors .
That 's actually the opposite of what Zemlin has seen .
People care about how their code is used in Linux and in other open - source software , he says , and they notice which companies contribute the most code .
They see it as individual program recognition as well as demonstrating company domain expertise .
When survey results come out , Zemlin says , his phone has rung off the hook with questions like " Why is n't my company more accounted for ? "
The most effective ways for enterprises to contribute to open source projects is when their own self interest is involved , according to Zemlin .
A company that has to rewrite everything for an in - house legacy application or device driver will often be held back by the reluctance to upgrade .
Instead , Zemlin says , " It would be better to submit changes into the [ Linux ] mainline , " he says , creating a sustainable system for which the enterprise no longer has to be the only source of development resources .
Members Webspace has been retired
Please visit www.shaw.ca/appretirement for more details .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Up to 8,500 former members of the armed forces are serving sentences in UK prisons , it has been claimed .
Probation staff union Napo said its figures suggested about one in every 11 prisoners used to be in the forces .
It has led the union and Plaid Cymru MP Elfyn Llwyd to claim there is a lack of support for ex-service personnel .
The Ministry of Defence said it worked closely with charities to support veterans when they left the service and those who went to prison .
Both the MoD and the Ministry of Justice said they planned to carry out further surveys soon to " ensure we have up - to - date figures that will help us better target the help we provide for veterans in prison " .
If proper treatment was available for these disturbed servicemen , hundreds if not thousands would not have offended
Elfyn Llwyd MP
Mr Llwyd said thousands of former members of the armed services who served either in the Gulf or Afghanistan had been subsequently convicted of offences and jailed .
He claimed that " effectively when armed personnel return , there is no help for them , " and said the position in the UK " contrasts greatly with the way the United States provide counselling and assistance to their armed personnel " .
" I have come to the conclusion that if proper treatment was available for these disturbed servicemen , hundreds if not thousands would not have offended , " said Mr Llwyd , the leader of Plaid Cymru 's parliamentary group .
" The government is letting them and their families down very badly indeed . "
Mr Llwyd said he had been unsatisfied with the initial response he was given when he raised the issue in Parliament after concerns were raised by his constituents in Meirionnydd Nant Conwy .
EX - ARMED FORCES CASE STUDIES
A west Midlands ex-serviceman who had been in Bosnia had for some time been anxious and " waiting for something to happen " when he attacked someone who bumped into him in a pub A young man in west Yorkshire began heavy drinking and having nightmares after return on leave from Iraq , attacked his sister and father and talked about " too much sand " when arrested A north Wales veteran committed public order offences on alcohol and drugs , has anxiety and depression and analyses all his experiences negatively Source : Napo A criminal lawyer by trade , he saw ex-servicemen being sentenced in north Wales courts for assaults " with worrying regularity " .
He was told in a parliamentary answer that figures from " nationally representative surveys " of some 2,000 prisoners in 2001 , 2003 and 2004 showed the proportion of former armed forces prisoners was 6 % , 4 % and 5 % respectively .
The MP contacted Napo , which represents probation and family court staff , which then gathered evidence from 22 probation areas .
Napo said its initial findings and data from the group Veterans in Prison suggested that " as many as 8,500 former soldiers are currently in custody in the UK " .
On 15 August , the prison population was 93,574 .
Harry Fletcher , assistant general secretary of Napo , said the number in prison could be greater than 8,500 , and its studies suggest there could be more than 7,000 in England and Wales , and another 1,000 in Scotland .
Mr Fletcher said the " vast majority " of offences were violent and related to drugs or alcohol .
" There is no systematic availability of stress - related counselling .
This should be made available without delay and would drastically reduce the number of receptions into custody " .
An MoD spokesperson said : " The MoD works closely with the service charities to support veterans when they leave the armed forces and for those who find themselves in prison .
" The Prison In - Reach initiative already provides advice on the support available to veterans before and after their release .
Robust systems are in place to treat and prevent PTSD ( post - traumatic stress disorder ) and other stress disorders . "
The MoD said counselling was always available to personnel , troops had briefings before and after postings , there were six mental health therapy pilot schemes , and veterans could have free assessments .
The Ministry of Justice said prisoners were given support in addressing the issues which led to their behaviour .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
The situation on Afghan - Pakistani border has heated up as US forces attacked a Taliban position inside Pakistan .
Meanwhile , reports from North Waziristan indicate US forces are massing across the border in Afghanistan ’s eastern provinces of Paktia , Paktika , and Khost , sparking fears of a US ground incursion into Pakistan ’s tribal areas .
US soldiers from Task Force Currahee was on the receiving end of “ multiple rocket attacks ” launched from inside Pakistan on July 15 , the International Security Assistance Force reported .
After pinpointing the firing location inside Pakistan , responded “ with a combination of fires from attack helicopters and artillery into Pakistan . ”
US troops coordinated the response with the Pakistani military .
“ The Pakistani military agreed to assist and search the area if the border firing continued , ” ISAF stated .
The rocket attack against US forces in Paktika is the latest in a series of cross - border incidents and Taliban attacks on bases and district centers in eastern Pakistan .
On July 10 , Taliban mortar and rocket teams attempted to spark a cross - border incident between US and Pakistani forces by launching rockets and mortar at bases on both sides of the border .
US forces have returned fire into Pakistan several other times this year .
The Afghan Army and police and the US military have repelled a series of attacks in the border provinces of Paktia , Paktika , Khost , Kunar , and Nuristan over the past month .
The Taliban are attempting to destabilize the eastern region and overrun Afghan government centers and Coalition bases .
Attacks in the east are up by more than 40 percent from last year , according to the US military .
More than 250 Taliban fighters have been killed during the clashes .
Many of the attacks have originated from Pakistan .
US massing for attack into Pakistan ?
Yesterday ’s rocket attack comes as Pakistani tribesmen in North Waziristan and Pakistani military sources have stated that US troops are massing across the border in Paktia , Paktika , and Khost , and are preparing to strike inside Pakistan .
An estimated 300 to 500 US troops , along with armor and “ heavy weaponry ” were moved into positions across the border near Camp Tillman .
“ They were brought by helicopters , ” Akmal Khan , a Pakistani tribesman from Lowara Mandi in North Waziristan told Reuters .
They are at the zero point , ” Akmal Khan , a resident of Lowara Mandi , told Reuters .
Anonymous Pakistani intelligence and security officials told Reuters they fear the US will enter Pakistani territory to take out al Qaeda and Taliban camps , and will spark a wider war with the Pakistani tribes .
Tribesmen in North Waziristan , who shelter powerful Taliban leaders such as the Haqqani family and Gul Bahadar , vowed to defend their territory from any US incursion .
“ More than three million tribesmen would fight along the Pakistani security forces if foreign troops enter the Tribal Areas , ” Malik Afzal Khan told the Daily Times .
The tribes also vowed to support the Pakistani Army against any US invasion .
The reports of troop movements have not been confirmed by ISAF or the US military .
But the likelihood is US troops are reinforcing established positions and building new ones in the region due to the heavy volume of Taliban attacks over the past several months , and in light of the Taliban and al Qaeda attack that came close to overrunning the forward outpost in Nuristan last weekend .
The buildup in eastern Afghanistan comes as Admiral Michael Mullen , the Chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff , made a surprise visit to Pakistan and expressed concern and frustration over the rise of extremist groups in northwestern Pakistan and the impact on Afghanistan ’s security .
Tensions along the ill - defined , rugged border have escalated since the Pakistani government initiated its latest round of peace accords with the Taliban and allied extremists in the tribal areas and settled districts in the Northwest Frontier Province .
Peace agreements have been signed with the Taliban in North Waziristan , Swat , Dir , Bajaur , Malakand , Mohmand , and Khyber .
Negotiations are under way in South Waziristan , Kohat , and Mardan .
The Taliban have violated the terms of these agreements in every region where accords have been signed .
The Taliban , al Qaeda , and allied terrorist groups have established more than 100 terror camps in the tribal areas and the Northwest Frontier Province , US intelligence officials have told The Long War Journal .
Bill Roggio is a Senior Fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies and the Editor of FDD 's Long War Journal .
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD 's Long War Journal ?
Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years ?
Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one - time or monthly donation .
Thanks for reading !
You can make a tax - deductible donation here .
HARWICH -
The weak dollar has had little impact on the rapid rise in energy prices , Eric S. Rosengren , president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston said yesterday .
Although the decline in the dollar against other currencies has been a popular explanation for oil 's record run , Rosengren said data show the increases in oil prices have far outstripped the pace of the dollar 's decline .
In the past year , the dollar has declined 13.6 percent against the euro , while a barrel of crude oil was priced at $ 131.31 yesterday on the New York Mercantile Exchange , up 99 percent from a year ago .
Oil trades in dollars .
Many analysts say when the dollar loses value , it prompts producers to demand higher prices to offset the loss .
The weaker dollar also raises demand from buyers who hold stronger currencies and investors seeking a hedge against inflation , analysts say .
But correlating oil prices with the dollar 's value against other currencies shows " the cumulative change in the exchange rate pales in comparison to the enormous run-up in oil prices , " Rosengren said .
" In other words , the exchange rate cannot explain more than a very small fraction of the change in the dollar price of oil . "
Rosengren 's remarks , made at a Boston Fed conference here , rebut arguments that the Federal Reserve 's aggressive interest rate cuts of the past several months have spurred record oil and commodity prices by weakening the dollar .
The dollar falls when US interest rates are low because investors seek denominations with higher rates and hence higher returns .
The Fed is widely expected to stop cutting interest rates when it meets this month .
Few economists , however , expect the Fed to start raising rates to fight inflation anytime soon because the economy remains weak .
Lower interest rates boost the economy by encouraging borrowing and spending .
Higher interest rates , in turn , cool borrowing and spending when demand begins to push up prices too quickly .
Despite soaring energy prices , Rosengren suggested the Fed need not rush to boost interest rates .
He said research at the Boston Fed shows high oil prices are not sparking broad - based inflation .
" Even if oil prices do continue to rise much faster than the US core inflation for an extended period , " he said , " the experience of the past 20 years indicates that there is a relatively low correlation between oil price movements and underlying core rate of inflation . "
Rosengren does n't currently sit on the Fed 's interest rate committee .
Eleven Federal Reserve Bank presidents rotate among four seats on panel .
As a member last year , Rosengren supported aggressive interest rate cuts to boost the struggling economy .
The Boston Fed holds its conference every year , attracting academic and business economists to share research on a variety of topics .
This year , the conference is examining the relationship between unemployment and inflation .
Rosengren said economists , researchers , and policy makers need to gain a better understanding of how so - called supply shocks that send energy and food prices soaring affect inflation long - term .
That question is critical for Fed policy makers .
The Fed finds itself in a tricky position :
If it raises interest rates to fight inflation , it risks worsening the current economic downturn .
But if it leaves interest rates too low for too long , it could spark a period of high , persistent inflation .
Among the issues economists must consider is whether to craft policies based on total inflation , or so - called core or underlying inflation , which excludes food and energy prices .
For the most part , policy makers focus on core inflation , believing short - term swings in food and energy have little impact on long - term inflation .
Some economists , however , argue that higher food and energy prices are here to stay as rising global demand pressures supplies , changing inflation dynamics .
Historically , Rosengren noted , market forces have eventually reined in high oil prices as supplies rose , demand fell , and technological improvements were introduced .
" That said , it seems to be taking quite a long time to date for the long - run supply and demand influences to rein in oil prices , " he said .
" You might say the short - run is getting longer every day . "
Robert Gavin can be reached at rgavin@globe.com .
© Copyright 2008 Globe Newspaper Company .
The Shotgun Blog
« Tories suggest they are the ' conservative ' choice | Main | Wow : McCain ahead of Obama on Intrade »
Wednesday , September 10 , 2008
Ron Paul 's press conference , and a politically stupid response from the Bob Barr camp
Today , Ron Paul addressed the press corps .
The big announcement ?
The two parties are essentially the same , and Americans should go ahead and vote for third parties .
He did n't , as some were speculating , announce a run for President on a third party ticket .
He also did n't endorse anyone in particular .
He sort of endorsed all third - party candidates , and urged them to get together and have a third - party debate .
Here 's video of the press conference :
And here 's the really , really surprising response from Mike Ferguson , national field director for the Libertarian Party 's Bob Barr campaign .
The response goes ahead and insults Ron Paul , pretty viciously .
For a long time , Bob Barr has been courting the Ron Paul vote .
No more , I guess .
( And they have the audacity to put out a press release asking Ron Paul to join their ticket as the vice presidential candidate ?
What , dear reader , are they thinking ? )
Some excerpts :
" Earlier today , Congressman Ron Paul ( R - TX ) held a press conference in Washington , D.C. where he said … well , nothing ...
He invited Libertarian Party Presidential nominee Bob Barr and independent Presidential candidate Ralph Nader along with the nominees of two small , minor political parties to stand behind him as he encouraged Americans to vote for anyone other than Sens. Barak Obama and John McCain .
Ron Paul wasted the press corps ' time with this press conference .
It accomplished nothing and displayed a complete lack of leadership on Paul 's part .
Of the four invitees , only Bob Barr had the sense to skip the event .
He held his own press conference , also in Washington , D.C. , later in the day . " ...
" Ron Paul has , again , blown a tremendous opportunity to lead and advance the agenda of the Constitution , and individual liberty .
Since he launched his Presidential Exploratory Committee almost two years ago , Ron Paul has repeatedly said this campaign is not about the man ( him ) but about the message ( liberty and the Constitution ) .
Really , Dr. Paul ?
Your actions belie your words .
If he were truly serious about this being " about the message " and not the man , he would be making sure that the message is resonating far and wide through and during the Presidential campaign .
The Libertarian Party begged him to accept its nomination and continue his campaign through Election Day .
He declined . " ...
" After Rep .
Paul collected millions in donations from Libertarians , independents and Republicans during his campaign , he has since :
1 ) Sold his followers a book
2 ) Had people travel to ( or donate to ) a march on Washington D.C. that ultimately proved to be too small to even get noticed , much less have any sort of impact
3 ) Launched the " Campaign for Liberty " and hit up his followers , again , for donations to this organization that has made no noticeable effort to support liberty - minded candidates
4 ) Sold thousands of tickets to the " Rally for the Republic " in Minnesota , where he then sold t- shirts , more books , vendor booth space , advertising in the programs and a host of other things .
Ron Paul is now in the Ron Paul business – and business is lucrative .
As painful as it is to state the obvious : this campaign by the man is no longer about the message , it is about the money – lots of it .
Other than in his pocket and in the pocket of his paid staff , where is all the money going ?
No one seems to know for sure . "
I 've always been sympathetic with the U.S. Libertarian Party .
But this attack on Ron Paul is so politically stupid as to be totally surprising .
Just like that , Bob Barr 's campaign has written off about a million potential supporters and contributors .
Poof .
So , so stupid .
Posted by P.M. Jaworski on September 10 , 2008 in International Politics | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d834515b5d69e201053497c6d8970b
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference Ron Paul 's press conference , and a politically stupid response from the Bob Barr camp :
Comments
I can't believe how stupid the Barr campaign was today .
While I was planning on voting for Barr , and have even donated some money to his campaign , I will not be doing so now .
Posted by : John Hoover | 2008-09-10 2:05:36 PM
You are right P.M.
This was the dumbest political move I have seen yet .
I am one of those Ron Paul supporters .
I have also been a member of the LP for decades .
I was not a Republican supporting Ron Paul , I was a libertarian , Big L , supporting Ron Paul .
I was disappointed with the Barr nomination from day one and have been wondering how I can swallow the bile and vote for him : a man who voted for the Patriot Act so he could have some say in how it was written .
Would he vote for slavery too , as long as he was on the committee to decide how much money a slave can cost ?
Despite all of this , I was still willing to vote libertarian to send a message .
Now , I will write in Ron Paul to send a message to the libertarian party : you can't just put out any monkey and expect us to vote for him .
I will stay a libertarian , but I will not vote for this candidate .
In an even more two - faced move , when I called the Barr party to complain about this , I was told that Barr supposedly wanted to ask Paul to be his running mate today .
So , now we have a guy , Barr , who reneges on his agreements , is willing to throw his VP under the bus , and has no control over his national field director .
Could you get any more unorganized ?
Moreover , I have a feeling that this post really reflects his position about Ron Paul and that if he really does ask Ron Paul to be his VP it will only be because of politics .
I hate people like that .
With Ron Paul
I have a 20 year or so voting record I can believe in .
Actions speak louder than words and this post today ... well ... that was the dumbest action ever taken in politics .
But it sure shows how shallow and self centered the Barr campaign is .
And they want us to vote for him ?
Posted by : Sandra | 2008-09-10 2:14:02 PM
Maybe it 's time to put some money on McCain 's contract on intrade .
A feud between Libertarians and Ron Paul supporters should give him a bit of a boost .
Posted by : Terrence Watson | 2008-09-10 3:11:13 PM
Not a supporter of Paul , but he stuck to his word that he would not run outside the GOP .
Good for him .
Posted by : Faramir | 2008-09-10 3:54:12 PM
I wo n't argue about what 's politically smart or stupid .
But I will agree with the sentiment that Ron Paul blew the biggest opportunity to change American electoral politics since Ross Perot .
I was a rabid Ron Paul supporter and donated generously .
I donated based on the sincere belief that Ron Paul could not possibly win the GOP nomination and could not possible pass up this once in a lifetime opportunity to launch a third party over the hurdle to political viability .
I was completly blown away when he did not run , and sunk into depression as I watched his supporters get railroaded at state convention after state convention .
I watched cable news shows for even a glimpse of his March in Washington or his Rally for the Republic .
Tragic .
Barr / Root '08
Posted by : John Campbell | 2008-09-10 5:28:33 PM
Why would you donate to Ron Paul based on your sincere belief that he would n't possibly pass up a chance to launch a third party when he said he would n't run as a third - party candidate .
Whether you agree or disagree with Dr. Paul , it 's obvious to anyone that he is a man of his word .
If he says he 's not going to do something , he means it .
That 's one of the things that sets Ron Paul above and beyond most other politicians .
Posted by : Jonny H | 2008-09-10 8:59:07 PM
And that includes Bob Barr , from what I 've seen so far .
Posted by : Jonny H | 2008-09-10 9:00:32 PM
If only this was the stupidest thing Bob Barr had ever done .
Posted by : Janet | 2008-09-10 10:20:32 PM
Most states have " Sore Loser " laws prohibiting candidates who lose primaries from running as third - party or independent .
So this " Ron Paul HAS TO RUN as a Libertarian or Third Party " nonsense had NO CHANCE - NADA ZERO ZIP - of EVER happening .
Posted by : Charles | 2008-09-11 6:31:52 AM
I choose to read the response by Bob Barr and his spokesperson as an admittance to being nothing short of a NWO plant that was most likely ' ordered ' to self destruct to sabotage the Libertarian Party once Dr. Paul did not fall for the ' bait ' Wednesday morning .
Barr had admitted to Washington Times that " His previous employer was the CIA " .
http://washingtontimes.com/media/video/1772111900/
It 's a no- brainer that he was placed there to sabotage the movement .
It is so apparent by his voting record he is certainly no Libertarian .
A neo con , sure , but not for Liberty .
Again , the good Doctor sticks to his principles and never sells out .
I love and admire you , Dr. Paul !
What you are doing to plough through a pathway back to our Republic is just remarkable !
Posted by : Anisha | 2008-09-11 10:58:01 PM
who was it that said " nothing in politics happens by accident " - I think Churchill .
This is the ploy - just reducing another candidate off the ticket by losing his possible votes from Dr. Paul ; those Barr supporters / possible voters who were from the Ron Paul Camp or other nearby Independent thought will now funnel into one of the other 2 - 3 candidates left in the independent realm , do n't take it personally .
Posted by : JB | 2008-09-12 9:09:19 AM
IMNSHO , Bob Barr & the LP has made their SECOND critical mistake in the Presidential campaign by not being at this press conference .
The first critical mistake was not having him at the D.C. Freedom March & Rally on July 12 , where thousands of rEVOLutionists gathered together for the cause of advancing liberty .
Perhaps now that Barr has ' become a Libertarian ' , he too has been infected with the disease which has plagued the LP for so very long : " Libertarian Purism " .
What , now that he's in the ' sacred liberty club ' he 's too good to share a stage with the Green Party Presidential nominee ?
Has he forgotten his recent past ?
Sure , the Green Party typically touts Socialist philosophies , but in this case , Ron Paul has paved the way for the third party candidates to agree on 4 unifying pro-liberty platforms : personal liberties , nonaggressive foreign policy , economic responsibility , and Federal Reserve investigation -- basically , CONSTITUTIONALLY LIMITED FEDERAL GOVERNMENT !
Earth to Barr campaign :
That all fits into libertarian philosophy ...
DUH !
I was so very pleased to hear that after recent years of working on creating a palatable and rationale political platform , the LP is now finally beginning to position itself as a potential player in the political arena .
Then it nominates someone with reasonable political experience ( albeit along with skeletons , but not as bad as tolerating child pornography as Mary Ruwart apparently does ! ) .
However , it then goes on to entirely blow it by separating itself from the massive swell of new libertarian voters , not once , but twice ( so far ) -- STUPID ... very STUPID !
There have been recent changes in the LP which give hope for growth , and the potential for becoming a viable political party .
However , if it continues to keep its head up its [ you know where ] during a major campaign when it comes to POLITICS and increasing the pro-liberty vote , it will simply provide further impetus for pro-liberty American voters to seek a different political home .
And NO , Barr is not some kind of " NWO plant " and the " Neo - Cons " are not trying to take over the LP -- the mere claim is preposterous !
The LP is simply not a big enough player in the political arena .
The LP is simply plagued with the same kind of PURISM disease which infects so many secular and religious groups which THINK they have all the correct answers to our problems , so they alienate others who think slightly differently .
This is exactly what happened here ... is n't that obvious ?
Barr campaign spokesperson Andrew Davis is quoted as saying , “ He did n’t want to dilute his message by being on the same stage as people like Cynthia McKinney , who is completely opposite of what a Libertarian is . ”
Therefore , it appears as though the Barr campaign is entirely missing the point , along with the opportunity .
Regardless , I will continue to support the LP by voting for Bob Barr because it will help the LP remain on the North Carolina ballot .
ALSO , before anyone goes off half cocked because of these recent events , consider the foolishness of pretending we can send a strong pro-liberty message to D.C. and the states by voting for someone not on your state 's ballot .
Even if the Barr campaign is being sabotaged by the very people who are running it due to political ignorance , unless one of the other candidates who signed the ' 4 point platform ' is on YOUR STATE 's ballot , there is really no other option than Barr for whom to vote -- write in 's simply will not count !
American pro-liberty voters need to be savvy , not stupid .
Regardless of the mistakes made by any of the candidates / parties which support this ' 4 - point pro-liberty platform ' , we need to think about the strategies which will best advance liberty in our country .
In liberty ,
8-)
bbc
Posted by : bernard b carman | 2008-09-12 11:56:19 AM
MNSHO , Bob Barr & the LP has made their SECOND critical mistake in the Presidential campaign by not being at this press conference .
Posted by : bernard b carman | 12 - Sep-08 11:56:19 AM
Their FIRST mistake was to believe that anybody really cares about the Libertarian Party .
Posted by : The Stig | 2008-09-12 12:10:38 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
But the relief was short - lived .
After a nervous weekend for much of America , there was a rush of selling on Monday 28 October .
It went down in history as Black Monday , with the Dow ending the day 13 % lower
The following day the drama continued and the colour remained the same .
The Dow shed another 12 % on Black Tuesday when 16 m shares were sold — a record that stood for 40 years .
It closed at 230.07 points – having been as high as 381.17 at the start of the previous month .
Photograph : Hulton archive / Getty
THE baccalauréat exam season approaches , and with it ritual agonising over the standard of French spelling .
These days , fingers are pointed not only at progressive teaching , the decline of the dictée or the legacy of May 1968 .
The new culprit is text - messaging .
“ Look at what text - messaging is doing to the French language , ” lamented President Nicolas Sarkozy in February .
“ If we let things go , in a few years we will have trouble understanding each other . ”
Most secondary - school pupils have their own mobile telephones , and they use an abbreviated phonetic language to communicate .
A2M1 , for instance , means à demain , or “ see you tomorrow ” .
JTM is je t'aime ( I love you ) .
Or try : Ta HT 1 KDO ?
( T'as acheté un cadeau ? , or have you bought a present ? ) .
Text - messaging corrupts all languages .
But the French are touchy because theirs is so much an emblem of national identity .
It is hard enough to protect French from the invasion of English ; now self - destruction threatens .
The use of English is tightly restricted in advertising or on the radio , and all English - language slogans must by law be accompanied by a French translation .
So Nespresso's ad starring George Clooney , with the catchline “ What else ? ” , has “ Quoi d'autre ? ” as a subtitle .
There are no such restrictions on text - messaging , for now .
Yet it is creeping into the marketing toolbox .
C CHIC , a play both on C'est chic ( It 's chic ) and the C series cars , is the name of Citroën 's exhibition on the Champs Elysées in Paris .
Or take an ad designed to attract 18 - 29 - year - olds by BNP Paribas , a bank , which has the slogan : TA + K ENTRER ( T'as plus qu'entrer , or you only have to come in ) .
“ It is designed to break the idea that the bank is austere and closed for the young , ” explains BNP Paribas .
“ So it 's logical to use text - messaging language . ”
Some see this as a slippery slope down which “ efficiency seems to authorise all imaginable offences against our dear language , ” as one educationalist grumbles .
Others see it as no more menacing than shorthand for telegrams or typing .
Whether schoolchildren can distinguish between useful shorthand in the playground and correct spelling in an exam remains to be seen — or , rather , is a question for 2M1 .
This video is no longer available as our copyright period has expired
The frenzied reaction of the middle class all over the country toward Sarah Palin has no real precedent that I can remember .
Indeed , the reaction especially among women is completely understandable .
She provides a much welcome cultural break from the chip - on - the - shoulder , grudge - against - the - world model of public women that have been held up to us for years , embodied in the belligerent and insufferable person of Hillary Clinton .
Sarah , on the other hand , is both beautiful and professionally accomplished , a wife and mother and a natural politician , both religious and secular , both feminine and fears no tasks such as hunting that are usually associated with men .
She offers a different model of a woman who has excelled not through intimidation and aggressive demands for reparation , but through her own efforts , charms , and intelligence .
What ’s more , her political outlook has much to recommend it , from what we can gather so far .
There is a libertarian impulse here .
She has rejected the perks of public life in favor of common sense .
She is friendly to business interests but unfriendly to special privileges .
She has praised Ron Paul and rejected the party mentality of GOP regulars .
It strikes many people as a brilliant choice on McCain ’s part , and I would agree .
Social conservatives have forgiven all of McCain ’s deviations .
Many people who just last week did n’t give a fig about whether he wins or loses have come around completely .
She will , of course , be a huge focus of the campaign .
Going Rogue : An Americ ... Sarah Palin Best Price : $ 0.01 Buy New $ 1.00 ( as of 09:20 EST - Details )
The claim against her that she lacks “ experience ” is one of the most bogus things out there .
For starters , the history of VPs shows a long history of people with very little of what is called “ experience ” today .
And contrary to what media pundits say , what is far more important than experience are the political values you hold .
The demand for experience seems to imply that somehow we are seeking social and global managers for public office , and that is manifestly what we do not want .
In a truly liberal society , the job of a White House executive could be held by anyone or no one .
Now , the sad part begins .
The first job of anyone who works for the government — and that is the job of the vice president — is to echo the line of the government .
People find that to be reasonable .
It really comes down to a matter of job loyalty .
If you are working for Burger King , you have an obligation not to criticize their hamburgers publicly .
The Left , The Right an ... Llewellyn H. Rockwell Jr Best Price : $ 7.33 Buy New $ 40.00 ( as of 07:55 EST - Details )
But in government , this job requirement takes on a different cast .
When a decent person accepts a job such as vice president , our first instinct is to celebrate that good people are in a position of power and influence .
This is what the McCain campaign is counting on .
But this is an illusion .
The influence runs completely the other way .
Good people become part of the party machine and surrender all their principles in order to survive .
We are speaking here of the leviathan state that lives on a lie .
To be part of that , you too must become part of the lie .
It is perhaps possible to be the governor of a small state such as Alaska and not be part of the machine .
It is not possible to be vice president of the United States and not enter into the deeply immoral arena that values the burying of all principle , and saying and doing whatever is necessary to bolster power .
Part of the purpose of campaigns is to socialize the candidates in this mold .
Sarah will be slapped around if and when she openly disagrees with McCain ’s politics .
When they win the election , she will immediately be required to take on the role of an apologist for all that the administration does .
In some ways , this is the continuing of a terrible trend of the Bush years .
Many good young people from conservative backgrounds , with excellent educations and decent political values , went to work for Bush under the impression that they could make a difference .
There was change as a result , but it was not government that changed , but the young people who went to work for it .
Speaking of Liberty Jr. , Llewellyn H. Rock ...
Best Price : $ 1.80 Buy New $ 8.65 ( as of 07:35 EST - Details )
There are even cases of former libertarians who have held high government positions and sacrificed all their values in order to hold their jobs .
They claim that they have n’t abandoned libertarianism but rather seek to apply it in the “ real world . ”
But the real world of government is the opposite of libertarianism .
It is stealing , lying , killing , butchering , badgering , looting , coercing , and sucking the life out of society itself .
That is the essence of modern statecraft .
You either have to come to terms with that or leave .
If you stay , you become part of the very problem that you fought to oppose .
We saw this not only during the egregious Bush administration but also in the 1980s with Reagan .
Many people become educated with sound political values and find themselves attracted to Washington politics .
They quickly feel embarrassed about their naïveté and seek to fix themselves up , adopting the approved cynicism that eats away at their soul .
They become changed over time , morphing into the very opposite of what they started out , and of what they started out believing .
There are names I could mention here in our time , former libertarians now holding high political appointments in the bowels of the federal bureaucracy .
They know who they are .
They can pretend superiority that they are “ getting their hands dirty ” while the rest of us are merely typing away at our keyboards .
But in fact , they have become responsible for great evil , the leading one of which is to contribute to the great lie that government is doing good for us .
This , sadly , is the future of Sarah Palin , who may have been doing some good in Alaska .
It is even more of a tragedy when people leave the private sector where they are serving the public in productive ways , only to become part of the machinery of stealing , lying , and killing .
There is something about Sarah I really like , especially that she seems to have had some sympathy for an Alaskan secession movement , which , contrary to media hysteria , is a perfectly reasonable and liberal position to take .
But you can be sure that if she plans to be a successful vice president under a McCain administration , all of this will be swept under the carpet and her primary accomplishment in life will have been to dupe many people into supporting an administration that promises to be the worst thing that has happened to this country since Bush was sworn in .
Lew Rockwell Archives
The Best of Llewellyn H. Rockwell , Jr.
Everyone who has been waiting with bated breath for the past year and a half to see the production version of the Chevy Volt can now breathe a big sigh of relief .
After some extremely unflattering press shots shots were accidentally released last week , people were extremely disappointed with what appeared to be little more than a Prius clone .
Anyone who spends time photographing cars knows how hard it can be to make them look good and how easy it is to make them look really awful .
Unfortunately , those shots that were unapproved and never supposed to be released anyway fell into the latter category .
The car that GM rolled out this morning as part of its centennial celebration in Detroit is a much more attractive machine that while different from the concept is still very attractive .
Rather than the egg shape look we saw , it 's actually much more like the car we saw in the Transformers 2 spy pics a few weeks back .
The greenhouse is longer and the raked back windshield gives a very slick look .
Perhaps the most controversial aspect of the design is the black trim around the side windows .
The thick black border along the lower edge is meant to recall the transparent beltline of the concept .
It definitely works better in darker colors where there is less contrast .
On the inside , a fully configurable LCD instrument cluster allows different drivers to select the gauges they want to see .
Overall the design team appears to have created a car that while certainly more mainstream than the concept , is still recognizable as the Volt and something different from the Japanese brand hybrids
More live shots are on their way .
Wi - fi at the GM Renaissance Center is particularly bad this morning .
First gallery of live shots added below , and here are some live shots from autoblog china ( Shanghai ) .
Video of the actual reveal added after the jump !
PRESS RELEASE
CHEVROLET VOLT LEADS GENERAL MOTORS INTO ITS SECOND CENTURY
DETROIT – General Motors launched its next 100 years today by unveiling the much - anticipated production version of the Chevrolet Volt – a vehicle that delivers up to 40 miles of gasoline - and emissions - free electric driving , with the extended - range capability of hundreds of additional miles .
" Revealing the production version of the Chevy Volt is a great way to open our second century , " said Rick Wagoner , GM Chairman and CEO .
" The Volt is symbolic of GM 's strong commitment to the future ... just the kind of technology innovation that our industry needs to respond to today 's and tomorrow 's energy and environmental challenges . "
Form follows function
The design of the Chevrolet Volt production car has evolved from the original concept that was unveiled at the 2007 North American International Auto Show in Detroit .
Because aerodynamics plays a key role in maximizing driving range , GM designers created an aerodynamically efficient design for the production vehicle .
Many of the design cues from the concept vehicle endure in the production Volt , including the closed front grille , athletic stance , rear design graphics , outside rearview mirrors and more .
The Volt 's rounded and flush front fascia , tapered corners and grille are functional , enabling air to move easily around the car .
In the rear , sharp edges and a carefully designed spoiler allow the air to flow off and away quickly .
An aggressive rake on the windshield and back glass help reduce turbulence and drag .
Working closely with GM aerodynamicists to shape the Volt , design and engineering teams developed one of the most aerodynamic vehicles in GM 's history .
They spent hundreds of hours with the Volt in GM's wind tunnel , testing and re-testing parts such as the front and rear quarter panels , rear spoiler , rockers and side mirrors .
Aerodynamic improvements enabled GM to reach the Volt 's target of driving up to 40 miles ( based on EPA city cycle ) without using gasoline or producing emissions .
Inside , the Volt offers the space , comfort , convenience and safety features that customers expect in a four - passenger sedan , and it delivers them in a variety of interior color , lighting and trim options unlike any offered before on a Chevrolet sedan .
Modern controls and attractive materials , two informational displays , and a touch - sensitive infotainment center with integrated shifter distinguish the Volt 's interior from other vehicles in the market .
Some of Volt 's interior technological features include :
Driver - configurable , liquid crystal instrument display
Standard seven - inch touch screen vehicle information display
Touch screen - style climate and infotainment controls
Optional navigation system with onboard hard drive for maps and music storage
Standard Bluetooth for cellular phone and USB / Bluetooth for music streaming
New era in automotive transportation
The Chevrolet Volt is leading a new era of electrification of the automobile by creating a new class of vehicle known as the Extended - Range Electric Vehicle , or E - REV .
The Volt uses electricity to move the wheels at all times and speeds .
For trips up to 40 miles , the Volt is powered only by electricity stored in its 16 - kWh , lithium - ion battery .
When the battery 's energy is depleted , a gasoline / E85 - powered engine generator seamlessly provides electricity to power the Volt 's electric drive unit while simultaneously sustaining the charge of the battery .
This mode of operation extends the range of the Volt for several hundred additional miles , until the vehicle 's battery can be charged .
Unlike a conventional battery - electric vehicle , the Volt eliminates " range anxiety , " giving the confidence and peace of mind that the driver will not be stranded by a depleted battery .
The Chevrolet Volt can be plugged either into a standard household 120v outlet or use 240v for charging .
The vehicle 's intelligent charging technology enables the Volt 's battery to be charged in less than three hours on a 240v outlet or about eight hours on a 120v outlet .
Charge times are reduced if the battery has not been fully depleted .
At a cost of about 80 cents per day ( 10 cents per kWh ) for a full charge that will deliver up to 40 miles of electric driving , GM estimates that the Volt will be less expensive to recharge than purchasing a cup of your favorite coffee .
Charging the Volt about once daily will consume less electric energy annually than the average home 's refrigerator and freezer units .
Charge out of driving
The Chevrolet Volt offers spirited driving performance in a remarkably quiet interior .
More than 220 lithium - ion cells contained within the Volt 's battery pack provide ample power .
The Volt 's electric drive unit delivers the equivalent of 150 horsepower , 273 lb - ft. ( 370 Nm ) of instant torque , and a top speed of 100 miles per hour .
The lack of engine noise , combined with special sound - deadening materials , make the Chevrolet Volt an extremely quiet vehicle to drive .
GM estimates that the Volt will cost about two cents per mile to drive while under battery power compared to 12 cents per mile using gasoline priced at $ 3.60 per gallon .
For an average driver who drives 40 miles per day ( or 15,000 miles per year ) , this amounts to a cost savings of $ 1,500 annually .
Using peak electric rates , GM estimates that an electrically driven mile in a Chevy Volt will be about one - sixth of the cost of a conventional gasoline - powered vehicle .
The cost savings are even greater when charging during off - peak hours , when electric rates are cheaper .
The Chevrolet Volt is expected to be built at GM's Detroit - Hamtramck manufacturing facility , subject to GM successfully negotiating satisfactory government incentives .
Production is scheduled to begin late 2010 for models in the United States .
Pricing has not been announced .
One of my passions in life is climate science and research , and I am a strong defender of the science proving anthropogenic global warming .
The UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has long attempted to bring to the forefront the scientific facts about humanities effects on the environment .
Naturally , there have been those who have set out to simply ignore or discredit them at every turn .
One of the focuses of their attacks has been what some call the “ notorious hockey stick ” graph .
The graph shows a fluctuating temperature variation over the past 2000 years ( including the Medieval Warming period ) , with a marked spike at the end ; in other words , a flat ( for a given value of flat , see graph below ) line and a curve at the end , similar to a hockey stick .
You will have seen the graph if you ’ve watched Al Gore ’s An Inconvenient Truth .
Now , a new report in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences entitled “ Proxy - based reconstructions of hemispheric and global surface temperature variations over the past two millennia ” has once again validated the science behind the hockey stick graph .
As mentioned , there are those out there willing to discredit anything if given half a chance .
The hockey stick graph has taken a lot of flak since its arrival on the scene .
Just the other day , Christopher Booker at the Telegraph used the hockey stick graph – a graph he believed to be false – as a means to undermine all that the IPCC has done .
This new report denies Booker his claims , and holds up the IPCC ’s belief in man-made global warming .
Using a new set of proxy data for decadal - to - centennial climate changes , Michael E. Mann and colleagues reconstructed surface temperature at hemispheric and global scale for much of the last 2,000 years .
Their new set of proxies , in addition recently updated instrumental data , both of which had been thoroughly tested and validated , once again backed up the hockey stick .
“ Our results extend previous conclusions that recent Northern Hemisphere surface temperature increases are likely anomalous in a long - term context , ” the authors write .
“ Recent warmth appears anomalous for at least the past 1,300 years whether or not tree - ring data are used .
If tree - ring data are used , the conclusion can be extended to at least the past 1,700 years , but with additional strong caveats . ”
In other words , the recent spike in warming – as detected in tree - rings , marine sediment , speleothem , lacustrine , ice core , coral , and historical documentary series , collected from across the world ( see opening image ) – should not have been there , based on previous patterns over the past 2000 human - filled - years .
One interesting note is that in acknowledging the scientific validity of the Medieval Warming , they add that the current warming has well surpassed that period ’s warm spike .
It ’s almost not necessary , but there goes another nail into the coffin for those out to discredit man-made global warming .
Read the full report via PNAS here ( PDF )
More on Man-Made Global Warming at the GO Network
Human Caused Wind Changes Drying Southwest
Antarctic Climate Affected by Humans and Nature Alike
Oceans on the Precipice , ie , Totally Screwed
16th Century British Navy Helping Modern - Day Climate Scientists
Save the home lenders , save the world ?
If only it were that simple .
The just - announced federal takeover of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , the giant mortgage lenders , was certainly the right thing to do  and it was done fairly well , too .
The plan will sustain institutions that play a crucial role in the economy , while holding down taxpayer costs by more or less cleaning out the stockholders .
But Sunday ’s action needs to be seen in a larger context  that of the attempt by the Federal Reserve and the Treasury Department to contain the fallout from the ongoing financial crisis .
And that ’s a fight the feds seem to be losing .
We ’ve come a long way from the days when Alan Greenspan declared a national housing bubble “ most unlikely . ”
There was indeed a bubble , and since it popped two years ago home prices have fallen faster than they did during the Great Depression .
Falling home prices , in turn , have led to the much - feared phenomenon of “ debt deflation . ”
Yes , deflation : prices are going up at the checkout counter , but the prices of assets , which are what matter for balance sheets , are dropping fast .
Justice sends target letters to Blackwater guards Andrew McLemore
Published : Sunday August 17 , 2008
Print This Email This Almost a year after a Baghdad shooting that left 17 civilians dead , federal prosecutors are taking action against the six Blackwater Worldwide security guards many deem responsible .
The US Justice Department sent target letters to the guards being investigated , The Washington Post reported Saturday .
Although not identified by name , the guards were described as US military personnel .
Target letters often are a prelude to indictment , but allow the suspects to defend themselves by telling the court their own version of events .
A federal grand jury has already heard the testimony of dozens of witnesses , including US and Blackwater officials and Iraqis .
The US attorney 's office , the Justice Department and the FBI all declined to comment in the Post 's article .
A spokesman for Blackwater said the company believes the guards fired in defense and added that it is closely watching the investigation .
" If it is determined that an individual acted improperly , Blackwater would support holding that person accountable , " Tyrell said in a statement .
" But at this stage , without being able to review evidence collected in an ongoing investigation , we will not prejudge the actions of any individual .
The company is cooperating fully with ongoing investigations and believes that accountability is important . "
The shooting has become a source of anger in Congress as no one has been held accountable for the Iraqi deaths .
The incident only added to the general dissatisfaction many Washington politicians feel towards private security contractors in Iraq .
The shootings began when a Blackwater convoy , which was responding to a Baghdad car bombing , entered the Nisoor Square traffic circle , the Associated Press reported .
Blackwater says the convoy was ambushed by insurgents , touching off a firefight .
Iraqi witnesses , however , described an unprovoked attack in which security guards fired indiscriminately , killing motorists , bystanders and children in the square .
Soon after the incident , it appeared that the probe led by the FBI was ignoring evidence that would hold the guards at fault .
The agency was further criticized for allowing Blackwater to guard the investigation into its actions , a bias the FBI eventually acknowledged by dropping the contractor as its security escort " to avoid even the appearance of any conflict . "
Iraqi leaders have asked repeatedly in negotiations over renewed US / Iraq security pacts that the all security contractors be subject to Iraqi law , a request that the US military continues to deny .
Wire services contributed to this report .
MJ Rosenberg …
You would never know it from the media coverage but John McCain is not one of America ’s greatest war heroes .
He is a former POW who survived , heroically .
He deserves to be honored for that heroism .
But one thing distinguishes McCain from other war heroes , the kind whose heroism changes history rather than their life stories .
America ’s two greatest war heroes were Ulysses Grant and Dwight Eisenhower .
Grant saved the union .
And Ike saved civilization .
And neither one ever bragged about their experience .
( Can you imagine Ike smacking down Adlai Stevenson by saying that while Adlai ran a nice medium - sized state , he was the Supreme Allied Commander who ran D - Day , defeated Hitler , and liberated Europe ? ) .
Impossible .
Like Grant , Eisenhower did not brag .
arallel programming has been around for decades , but unless you had access to special - purpose hardware , you 've probably written mostly single CPU applications .
You could distribute truly intensive applications across a network — but doing so was a lot of work and involved a lot of overhead .
For several years , programming tools have allowed you to use multiple threads in the same program .
Multiple threads may be able to run on multiple CPUs within your computer so multi- threading sometimes provides nice speed improvements .
Unfortunately , while multi- threading requires less overhead than distributing applications across a network , it 's still fairly tricky .
Microsoft 's new Task Parallel Library ( TPL ) provides a new approach for using multiple threads .
It provides a set of relatively simple method calls that let you launch a group of routines all at once .
This article provides an introduction to TPL .
It explains the main pieces of TPL and provides simples examples .
A follow - up article will describe performance effects resulting from converting some of the programs I 've written for other articles to use TPL .
Before you learn more about TPL , however , it 's worth a few minutes to look at the future of computer hardware , so you 'll know why you should care .
Multi-Core Background
For more than 40 years , the number of transistors that could fit on a chip has roughly doubled every two years .
Along with that doubling has come increased CPU speed , which was dubbed " Moore 's Law " after Intel cofounder Gordon Moore explained the trend in his famous 1965 paper .
Unfortunately , the techniques used to maintain this frenetic pace are starting to wear thin — literally too thin .
Many past density increases depended on lithographic techniques that produce smaller and smaller chip components .
The lithographic technique is much like using a slide projector to shine the image of the chip you want on a silicon wafer .
The ultimate limit to how small you can make a feature using those techniques depends on the wavelength of the light you are using .
Chip manufacturers are currently working with deep ultra-violet light , electron beams , and x-rays , which squeeze lithographic techniques to their limits , but the era of easy speed gains is rapidly approaching its end .
Future operating systems will probably gain some benefit from multiple CPUs and improved compilers may be able to find opportunities for parallelism for you automatically .
As the big performance gains from lithographic techniques come to an end in the next decade or so , researchers are turning to other methods for squeezing extra performance out of a computer .
Some of these , such as optical computing and quantum computing , use radically different approaches to building computers .
These approaches show great promise but are unlikely to produce practical commercial results for many years .
A more immediately practical approach is to use more CPUs at the same time .
If you can't make a CPU twice as fast , perhaps you can divide your work across two CPUs .
In fact , many new computers these days have multiple cores — multiple CPUs on a single chip .
Dual and even quad core systems are common and chips with even more cores are in the works .
Vendors have been working on 8- , 16 - , and even 32 - core systems .
IBM's Cell architecture allows for a whole host of relatively small CPUs scattered throughout your environment in electronic products such as computers , cell phones , televisions , game consoles , and just about anything else you can think of .
In a few years , you may have dozens or even hundreds of small CPUs talking to each other through an ad hoc network in your living room .
Just having multiple CPUs sitting around will probably give you some performance improvements .
Future operating systems will probably gain some benefit from multiple CPUs and improved compilers may be able to find opportunities for parallelism for you automatically .
However , there 's a limit to how much these tools can do for you transparently .
An eight - core system may potentially have eight times as much CPU power , but if you do n't pitch in and help you 're likely to see only a small improvement in your application 's performance .
To really get the most out of your hardware , you 're going to have to start incorporating parallelism into your applications .
Toward that end , TPL gives you a new set of tools that will let you get started quickly and relatively easily .
a weblog about programming and open source , mostly .
Weizmann Institute physicists have demonstrated , for the first time , the existence of ' quasiparticles ' with one quarter the charge of an electron .
This finding could be a first step toward creating exotic types of quantum computers that might be powerful , yet highly stable .
Fractional electron charges were first predicted over 20 years ago under conditions existing in the so - called quantum Hall effect , and were found by the Weizmann group some ten years ago .
Although electrons are indivisible , if they are confined to a two - dimensional layer inside a semiconductor , chilled down to a fraction of a degree above absolute zero and exposed to a strong magnetic field that is perpendicular to the layer , they effectively behave as independent particles , called quasiparticles , with charges smaller than that of an electron .
But until now , these charges had always been fractions with odd denominators : one third of an electron , one fifth , etc .
The experiment done by research student Merav Dolev in Prof.
Moty Heiblum 's group , in collaboration with Drs. Vladimir Umansky and Diana Mahalu , and Prof . Ady Stern , all of the Condensed Matter Physics Department , owes the finding of quarter - charge quasiparticles to an extremely precise setup and unique material properties :
The gallium arsenide material they produced for the semiconductor was some of the purest in the world .
The scientists tuned the electron density in the two - dimensional layer – in which about three billion electrons were confined in the space of a square millimeter – such that there were five electrons for every two magnetic field fluxes .
The device they created is shaped like a flattened hourglass , with a narrow ' waist ' in the middle that allows only a small number of charge - carrying particles to pass through at a time .
The ' shot noise ' produced when some passed through and others bounced back caused fluctuations in the current that are proportional to the passing charges , thus allowing the scientists to accurately measure the quasiparticles ' charge .
Quarter - charge quasiparticles should act quite differently from odd fractionally charged particles , and this is why they have been sought as the basis of the theoretical ' topographical quantum computer . '
When particles such as electrons , photons , or even those with odd fractional charges change places with one another , there is little overall effect .
In contrast , quarter - charge particle exchanges might weave a ' braid ' that preserves information on the particles ' history .
To be useful for topologically - based quantum computers , the quarter - charge particles must be shown to have ' non- Abelian ' properties – that is the order of the braiding must be significant .
These subtle properties are extremely difficult to observe .
Heiblum and his team are now working on devising experimental setups to test for these properties .
Source : Weizmann Institute of Science
Explore further Quantum dot photovoltaics make a lasting impression
As for you indepth answer you want i do n't have for you because :
A Conspiracy is a Idea , Opinion of a event that has happened and no " Hard Evidence " to colaberate the story .
I myself do not believe it was the government involved in the 9/11 attacks but that of the Elitist who are working towards a NWO .
It is more than obvious that alot of the stuff in the Offical report does not add up .
Therefore leaving questions to be asked .
There will be no Evidence strong enough to prove this because the " sheep of the world " find it easier to live in ignorance than the truth , just because it is easier to go on with there day to day lives .
I believe there are people out there that will take the time to try and prove it to you .
Now my question to you OP is :
1 ) With all of the questions that surround this conspiracy , what proves that there was nothing else to the 9/11 attacks ?
2 ) Do you know anything at all about the Elitist that control our everyday lives ?
3 ) With the North American properganda that we recieve from our authority 's why does anyone believe what we are told ?
Is it because we are programed to believe what we are told by the news and authority's ?
History is written by the Victor 's of war .
The German population was told Poland attack Germany in WWII , so what is true is only to be known by the people who were there .
Listen the the FD / PD eye witness testimony , that alone is enough for me .
Why would this men and women lie about what the heard and saw when so many of there comrades were killed .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2008 August 9
Explanation : Dark skies are favored for viewing meteor showers -- so the best viewing of this year 's Perseids will occur in the early morning .
While the Perseid meteor shower is scheduled to peak over the next few days , bright light from a gibbous Moon will also flood the early evening and mask the majority of relatively faint meteors .
Still , skygazing in the early morning after the Moon sets ( after about 2 AM local time ) could reveal many faint meteors .
Persistant observing at any time after sunset can reward northern hemisphere watchers looking for occasional Perseid fireballs .
Astronomer Jimmy Westlake imaged this bright Perseid meteor despite the combination of moonlight and auroral glow over Colorado skies in August of 2000 .
Certainly he has not the fascinating look of a bin-Laden and does not live in the mysterious caves of the Hindu Kush , surely he has not the media appeal and the anchorman vocation which the ‘ Master of Terror ’ has shown to have in the last seven years ; yet Roberto Sandalo ( alias Robby the Mad or Commandant Franco ) has more terrorist credentials than ‘ Sheik Osama ’ .
Roberto Sandalo , allegedly the leader of a Christian anti-Islamic terrorist movement called Fronte Combattente Cristiano or ‘ Fighting Christian Front ’ .
The mysterious group has been responsible , in the last year , for bomb attacks against Islamic centres and mosques as well as death threats to Muslims .
The Italian police arrested Mr Sandalo on 10th April 2008 ; he has subsequently confessed to the attacks , the foundation of the Christian terrorist organization as well as new plots .
Mr Sandalo , who was a member of the Lega Nord and subsequently expelled for providing a false name , has been an infamous , bloody killer and terrorist for Prima Linea ( Front Line ) , a Communist terrorist organization similar to the Red Brigades .
Mr Sandalo has justified his actions , and future plans to continue a terrorist campaign against Muslims , such as Dr Gonzaga , director of Islamic Relief Italy , as a fight in the name of Jesus against ‘ Islamofascism ’ .
The Italian authorities are still investigating the international links of the organization and the official number of members ; another four people have been arrested today , among them Maurizio Peruzzi , an expert in chemistry and explosives .
I am sure that this will not be the first or last of these anti-Muslim terrorist groups , yet I am not surprised that the first one started in Italy .
As I have highlighted in another post , Muslims in Italy suffer , particularly from the extreme right , forms of discrimination as well as violence , and the Lega North is certainly one of the most anti-Muslims parties of Europe .
To tell the truth , I thought that news about the first Christian anti-Muslim terrorist group would have attracted international attention and fostered new debates .
Think , indeed , if the terrorist ’s name instead of Roberto was something like Muhammad ; imagine the titles , the talks , the politicians ’ words and the special legislations proposed .
Well , we do not have very much to imagine , we need only to open a British newspaper .
But the news about a self - defined Christian terrorist and a Christian ( mainly Catholic ) terrorist organization has attracted virtually no attention .
Nothing can be found , ( at the moment in which I am writing ) on the BBC ( even BBC Europe ) or the main British newspapers or the US .
Furthermore , even those Italian newspapers which have dealt with the story , have not called the attacks , before often dismissed as the work of immigrants ’ rackets and mafia , Christian terrorism , or referred to Mr Sandalo as a Christian terrorist ( despite his own claim ! ) .
‘ How is it possible to kill in the name of Jesus ? ’
Many have asked .
Well , history surely has the answer .
It is not the first time ; it will not be the last .
I had the impression that many Italians ( and by extension Europeans and Americans ) would perceive as less dramatic the killing of people in a mosque than in a Church .
I have the impression that after so many wars against Muslim countries , audiences are becoming used to seeing Muslims dead , and , in some cases , some people maybe start to prefer them as such .
None of the Italian or European politicians have condemned the actions , and plans , of the Fighting Christian Front .
None of the clergy or the Pope has condemned or commented upon the actions committed in the name of Jesus .
The message is clear : a mad Marxist – now fanatic Catholic – is perceived for what he is , a violent fool ; while a mad Muslim who dreams of violent jihad is perceived as the correct expression of his religion .
I wish also to point out Mr Sandalo ’s reference to ‘ Islamofascim ’ .
Check today ( 13th of April ) Jihad Watch ’s page , Mr Spencer reports different events , some surely explosive , but not one word , not one comment about the Fighting Christian Front .
Of course , Mr Spencer only watches jihad , but the fact that Mr Sandalo refers to the concept of Islamofascism perhaps would be enough to report , and condemn , Sandalo ’s actions .
Indeed , I have the impression , but we need more investigation , that Sandalo and his group may have been inspired by a certain language , ideology and viewpoints expressed often in a post - Marxist way .
I find intriguing how many post -Marxists , among which we can mention David Horowitz , have turned their attention and criticism to Islam , but I leave this reflection to a future post .
Control over rhetoric can sometimes be difficult .
Within the movements which supported the so called IslamoFascism Awareness Week and which claim Islam to be nothing else than a form of Nazism and Fascism ( see for instance Geert Wilders , the author of the recent controversial film Fitna ) starts to form a grey area of violent , racist and often really fascist supporters .
I suppose that neither Mr Spencer nor Mr Horowitz would support Mr Sandalo ’s group and views .
I even think that Geert Wilders would feel disgusted by such violent terrorist intents .
Indeed , in Geert Wilders ’s own words , he ‘ does not hate Muslims , but Islam ’ .
The only issue , as I have argued in my recent book , is that Islam does not exist without Muslims ; hence , hating Islam ends in encouraging actions against Muslims , as hating Judaism is nothing else than hating Jews .
Although , after the Holocaust , the majority of people seem to have finally grasped that hating Judaism as a religion can only end in hating Jews as people , and possibly looking for ‘ final solutions ’ ; in the case of Islam we have a clear situation in which this simple observation is not accepted .
There is , also among politicians , such as Calderoli and other exponents of the Lega Nord , the idea that ‘ holocausting ’
Islam does not imply persecuting and killing Muslims .
Mr Sandalo , with Marxist real politick , has better grasped the point .
Certain recent , post 9/11 rhetoric is inspiring more and more Mr Sandalos ; yet politicians , journalists and the general public seem to ignore the danger as much as many did in the 1930s , when the target of Mr Sandalo would have been Rabbis and Synagogues .
There are lessons which the increasing supporters of ‘ anti-Islamofasicsm ’ may learn from the history of communist terrorism in Italy , of which Mr Sandalo is one of the products .
The Italian Communist Party , and the trade unions , of which many members shared with the Red Brigades and other subversive organisations much of the ideological rhetoric and slogans , quickly understood the importance of condemning and isolating the violent , terrorist components .
Had they not done so , they would have ended absorbed and monopolized by the terrorist organization .
Would the new anti-Islamic movements , which however reject violence , have the same courage or rather stupidly hope to manipulate such terrorist violence for their own ideological aims for a supremacist Christian ( for some , often white ) western anachronistic dream ?
There is a saying , often attributed to Pope Bonifacious VIII which states ‘ Qui tacet consentiret ’ ( i.e. Silence gives consent ) .
In the case of the Fighting Christian Front , it is clear that the consentientibus among the self - labelled Christians are too many .
Jesus can only cry .
Gabriele
library , primarily aimed at complex network research and analysis .
Graph plotting functionality is provided by the Cairo library , so make sure you install the Python bindings of Cairo if you want to generate publication - quality graph plots .
See the Cairo homepage for details .
From release 0.5 , the C core of the igraph library is not included in the Python distribution - you must compile and install the C core separately .
Windows installers already contain a compiled igraph DLL , so they should work out of the box .
Linux users should refer to the igraph homepage for compilation instructions ( but check your distribution first , maybe there are pre-compiled packages available ) .
OS X Leopard users may benefit from the meta - package available on the igraph homepage .
A weekly comic strip , covering politics , pop culture , and the absurd .
Rejected McCain Running Mates
A governor with a secret kink " That 's nasty ! "
The " Spitting Image " Ronald Reagan puppet
Matlock " Whaddya mean , your real name 's Andy ? "
The Nooge
Danny Glover
" I 'm too old for this shit !
Inflatable Air Dancer
" He 's a lock for the bored motorist vote . "
M.C. Skat Kat " This cat is my dawg ! "
A cardboard cut -out of Barack Obama
By Paul Rincon
Science reporter , BBC News
Russian firm RKK Energia has spent two years designing the vehicle
Enlarge Image
The first official image of a Russian - European manned spacecraft has been unveiled .
It is designed to replace the Soyuz vehicle currently in use by Russia and will allow Europe to participate directly in crew transportation .
The reusable ship was conceived to carry four people towards the Moon , rivalling the US Ares / Orion system .
Unlike previous crewed vehicles , it will use thrusters to make a soft landing when it returns to Earth .
Russian aerospace writer and graphic designer Anatoly Zak has produced artist 's renderings of the new craft based on a design released by Russian manufacturer RKK Energia at the Farnborough Air Show in the UK last week .
I think the main roadmap is the agreement between the European and Russian space agencies .
That is their Plan A
Anatoly Zak
In some respects , the capsule resembles America 's next - generation spacecraft Orion .
The 18 - to - 20 - tonne Russian - European vehicle is designed to carry six crew into low - Earth orbit and four on missions to lunar orbit .
One of the most unusual features about the capsule appear to be the thrusters and landing gear on its underside .
Mr Zak said it would use these engines to soften its landing on Earth after the fiery re-entry through our atmosphere .
The European Space Agency ( Esa ) has been talking to its Russian counterpart Roscosmos about collaborating on the Crew Space Transportation System ( CSTS ) since 2006 .
Launcher decision " If Esa and the Russian Space Agency reach agreement , Europe will supply the service module of that co-operative spacecraft , " Mr Zak told BBC News .
This service module will use technology - such as the propulsion systems - developed for Europe 's Automated Transfer Vehicle ( ATV ) , an unmanned freighter recently sent to re-supply the International Space Station ( ISS ) .
Russia may provide the launcher for the new manned spacecraft .
This might be an entirely new vehicle , or a modification of an existing rocket .
Thrusters would cushion the spacecraft 's landing
Enlarge Image
Mr Zak said Russia was insisting in its negotiations with Europe that all future manned projects be based in Vostochny , the new cosmodrome being developed in Russia 's eastern Amur region .
The Russian government wants to host its first manned launch from that site in 2018 .
At the moment , all manned Soyuz launches take place from Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan .
Alternatively , the space agencies could opt to " man-rate " Europe 's Ariane 5 launcher , which lifts off from Kourou in French Guiana .
This would allow the rocket to carry humans into space .
This would involve making major modifications to Kourou spaceport , including the development of infrastructure to support a crew escape system in the event of an emergency .
It is quite possible that both launch sites would play a role in any collaborative programme , which would necessitate the lofting of cargo as well as human crew .
However , if this collaboration falls apart , Europe has another option for direct manned access to space .
Other option
In May this year , European aerospace company EADS Astrium unveiled its own model of a crewed space vehicle , described as an " evolution " of the ATV , which was built by a consortium of European companies led by Astrium .
It would combine what is essentially the avionics and propulsion end of the ATV with a crew compartment taking the place of the current cargo section .
EADS Astrium has proposed a manned version of the ATV
Berlin unveils ' crewed spaceship '
Mr Zak commented : " I think the main roadmap is the agreement between the European and Russian space agencies .
That is their Plan A. Their Plan B is the initiative made by EADS Astrium in Bremen . "
But if the agencies want a manned craft capable of reaching the Moon , they will need to develop new , more powerful rockets than those on the drawing board today .
" This is an open question , there are no decisions on how to proceed , " said Mr Zak .
The CSTS is also sometimes referred to as the Advanced Crew Transportation System ( ACTS ) .
Esa and Roscosmos started talks on the project after some Esa member states rejected further involvement in the development of another manned spacecraft called Kliper .
The proposals will go before a crucial meeting of space ministers from European member states in November this year .
Paul.Rincon-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Out of general fondness , the Washington press corps ( which is not just a phrase but a definable community of people ) has for almost a decade graded John McCain on a curve , especially in the last eighteen months when he ’s slipped perceptibly .
Now , in response to the bludgeoning and campaign of falsehoods his campaign has unleashed over the last ten days , a number of his longtime admirers in the punditocracy have written articles either claiming that they ’d misjudged the man or lamenting his betrayal of his better self .
So my question is , do they and the top editors who with them define the tone of coverage , keep grading McCain on the curve that has so aided him over the last year ?
Let ’s be frank .
On the campaign trail this cycle , McCain frequently forgets key elements of policies , gets countries ’ names wrong , forgets things he ’s said only hours or days before and is frequently just confused .
Any single example is inevitable for someone talking so constantly day in and day out .
But the profusion of examples shows a pattern .
Some of this is probably a matter of general unseriousness or lack of interest in policy areas like the economy that he does n’t care much about .
But for any other politician who did n’t have the benefit of years of friendship or acquaintance with many of the reporters covering him , this would be a major topic of debate in the campaign .
It ’s whispered about among reporters .
And it ’s evidenced in his campaign ’s increasing effort to keep him away from the freewheeling conversations with reporters that defined his 2000 candidacy .
But it ’s verboten as a topic of public discussion .
The other point that again goes almost totally undiscussed is McCain ’s two reinventions of himself over the last decade .
From a mainline conservative Republican to progressive reform candidate to Bush Republican .
The reporters who have been covering him for the last decade know that there is virtually no public policy issue of note which McCain has n’t made a 180 degree change of position on in the last half dozen years .
An ideological shift of that magnitude is far from unprecedented .
And such turnabouts or transformations can be a product of searching insights into the changing terrain of American governance .
But two such shifts in the course of a decade strongly suggest either instability or opportunism .
Neither of these points are lost on the people in the press most in a position to push key questions to the forefront of the campaign conversation .
But for the moment the curve remains firmly in place — even for those reporters now publicly washing their hands of their former affections for the man .
The government has allowed a situation to develop where the word " reading " has come to mean something narrow and functional , no more than evidence that a child can read .
This is an abdication of what education is about .
Along with many other writers , I think this is becoming a matter of some urgency .
Children 's author Alan Gibbons has initiated a Campaign for the Book which now has several hundred signatures .
There is a reading policy in place in schools , based mainly on the teaching of sounds and letters and the constant questioning of children following the reading of short excerpts from books .
Sats at ages seven and 11 which produce a way of reading that is dominated by the " facts " of a piece of writing and knowing the " right " order of events in a story .
All this is compulsory .
We know that the ability to take on complex ideas , to handle the notion of a multiplicity of viewpoints , to deal in abstract thought relies on a person 's experience of reading widely and often – in combination with open - ended but challenging discussion .
This process has slipped out of the school gates .
There are hundreds of schools where it is not happening .
I understand that more and more children under the age of 10 go to bed without having something read to them or reading something themselves .
Instead , there are more and more TVs in children 's bedrooms and they are going to sleep watching TV .
Yes , the government does support a wide range of very worthwhile initiatives , but they are just that : voluntary activities from NGOs and charities such as Volunteer Reading Help – all of which I also support .
However , there is no national policy for schools and the reading of whole books , no policy on schools and their own libraries ( many are closing ) nor how they should coordinate their activities with the local public library ; many have no relationship with the local library .
There is no national policy on how schools should involve parents in reading , for example , through the employment of school - home reading liaison workers .
I could go on .
So how to formulate such a policy ?
The government should help organise regional conferences for teachers , writers , librarians , advisers , inspectors , the reading NGOs and charities to discuss what might be the best policies to encourage the reading of whole books .
Each of the regional conferences could produce documents , and this could form the basis of a national policy on the reading of books .
The parents who read with their children and fill their houses with books produce the highest achievers .
The rest are not helped to see that it 's through wide - ranging reading that their children can develop and improve .
Instead , such parents are led to believe that it is the diligent doing of homework that will do the trick – homework , which night after night , is not much more than form - filling and puzzles .
Even though I currently reside in Northern California , where news from Canada has to be sought out on the web on sites like The Tyee , I am well aware that Harper has called an election .
I voted in the last federal election ( I was in Vancouver then ) and I 'll feel frustrated again if Canada tilts even more to the right , away from our proud liberal heritage that , to some extent , still makes us the envy of the world .
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners John Horton ’s Paintings Preserve History .
His Seamanship Saves Lives
Meet the fascinating Order of BC winner who also happens to be a Tyee supporter .
Down here , of course , they 've been in election mode for over a year now .
The American presidency has a built - in timetable for withdrawal from the Oval office , so no one is ever surprised by the leader suddenly calling an election .
As a Canadian liberal in King George 's court , I 've had a ringside seat to the rabid culture war currently being fought on the bunting clad steps of town halls across this divided land .
And it makes me think , sometimes , of home .
Down , way down , in the USA
Since most Canadians ( Conrad Black and David Frum aside ) would probably be Democrats , it 's no surprise that Barack Obama is the candidate closest to my heart .
He 's inspiring to listen to , dynamic to watch and , after eight years of W , it 's fascinating to see an intellectually curious person giving reasonable answers to the often ridiculous flag - pin questions asked by the appalling cable media down here .
Yet , all across the echo chamber of the right wing media , Fox News and AM talk radio , the conservative attack machine assails the hope - based movement of Barack Obama , who has gone , in their minds , from being the " presumptive " Democratic nominee for president of the United States to the " presumptuous " one .
" Hope is just buzzword ! " they scream .
" Young liberal idealists ! " they sneer .
" Change is just empty rhetoric , " they assure themselves .
In the face of trying to prop up former maverick John McCain , who long since left the Straight Talk Express for the Trash Talk express route to the hearts of right wing neo-cons with the rather desperate and cynical addition of celebrity creationist Sarah Palin to the ticket , all these commentators can do is vainly try and counter the Audacity of Hope with their own Ferocity of Hate .
Oh , and if that were n't cynical enough , now the McCain / Palin team have co-opted the word " change " to mean more of the same , or worse .
Keep ( stylish ) hope alive !
But as a Canadian who came of age in the Trudeau years , I can attest to the fact that hope , optimism and youth can play a significant part in raising a country 's belief in itself and can go a long way to inspire a country to raise its potential .
As a child , I may not have fully understood our own audacious change agent , Pierre Elliot Trudeau , but I knew two things for sure .
Trudeau was cool , and for the first time in my short life , I found myself thinking that , by extension , Canada itself was cool .
The Trudeau years were our own version of Britain 's swinging ' 60s " Cool Britannia " days of the mod fashions and groovy innovation .
Sussex Drive was hardly Carnaby Street , but Trudeau dated pop singers and then married a chick from B.C. who went on to hang out with The Rolling Stones !
He drove a sports car , went canoeing in a fringy buckskin jacket fit for Neil Young , and John Lennon even went to Ottawa to meet him !
When I got a little older , I became aware that Trudeau had invoked the War Measures Act to quell the Quebec crisis .
While this struck chilling dissonance against my established image of the man , it did n't erase the fact that he had drawn the curtains on years of parochial federal government voyeurism by decriminalizing homosexuality and abortion in the Criminal Code of Canada and asserting that : " There 's no place for the state in the bedrooms of the nation " and adding , " What 's done in private between adults does n't concern the Criminal Code . "
Political details , however , had not mattered one metric iota to me as an apolitical child .
I was buying the promise of a Cool Canada and Trudeau was the man who wore a funky designer hat to the Grey Cup kickoff .
A year after Expo ' 67 , here was this young - thinking guy with a mongrel French accent , with hints of Oxford erudition , telling it not just like it was but , like , how it could be .
Creating a ' Just Society '
I talk to a lot of Obama supporters down here , and read their thoughts on the blogs .
Quite a few of them know the detailed specifics of Obama 's policies to wrest America back from the failed strategies of Bush 's neo -con puppet masters .
They know them by heart .
But for some Obama supporters , it does n't even matter .
These kids were born long after the hopeful fires of John and Bobby Kennedy became eternal flames on well - tended lawns .
For these young people , it 's enough that someone in public life wants to inspire them , and challenge them to be a force for positive change after so many cynical so - called leaders have disenfranchised them in the recent past .
And I 'm here to tell them , based on my own memories of the Trudeau years , that hope might just be enough , as long as you 're willing to fill in the blanks and work for it .
I remember that irrational but incredibly powerful feeling that Canada was capable of being a " Just Society . "
I still think that , even after the Harper years , and Canada 's social politics still command respect from any American who actually knows anything about our proud history of liberal social policy .
I tell my American friends that they can have their own Trudeau , his name is Obama , and that they have to fight for what Dr. King called " the fierce urgency of now " in the face of what I call " the false potency of No . "
Related
Tyee stories :
The ancient Greek dramatist Aeschylus wrote : " In war , truth is the first casualty . "
These words are particularly apt in relation to the British Overseas Territory of Diego Garcia , leased to the United States in 1971 , where the truth – that a secret " War on Terror " prison existed from 2002 until as recently as 2006 – has been persistently denied by both the British and American governments .
Yesterday , Time magazine reported that a " senior American official " ( now retired ) , who was " a frequent participant in White House Situation Room meetings " after the 9/11 attacks , stated that " a CIA counter - terrorism official twice said that a high - value prisoner or prisoners were being interrogated on the island " in 2002 , and possibly 2003 .
This is the highest - level admission to date that a secret prison existed on Diego Garcia , but it is by no means the first time that the prison 's existence has been revealed .
In 2003 , Time reported that Hambali , an Indonesian " high - value detainee " , who was transferred to Guantanamo in September 2006 , was being held on Diego Garcia , and in May this year , El Pais [ in Spanish ] reported that Mustafa Setmariam Nasar , a joint Syrian - Spanish national who was seized in Pakistan in October 2005 , was held on the island in the months after his capture .
Unlike Hambali , Nasar 's current whereabouts are completely unknown ; he is , in effect , one of " America 's disappeared . "
The reality of Diego Garcia 's secret prison has also been confirmed by retired US general Barry McCaffrey in 2004 and 2006 , in a report by Swiss Senator Dick Marty for the Council of Europe and in a statement made to the Observer in March this year by Manfred Novak , the UN 's special rapporteur on torture .
In contrast , the position taken by both the British and American governments occupies a parallel universe , in which the timeless resonance of Aeschylus ' words is confirmed .
For five years , since questions were first asked about the secret prison by Lord Wallace of Saltaire in January 2003 , the British government refused to acknowledge its existence , and its first denial was indicative of what was to come .
" The United States Government , " Baroness Amos explained , " would need to ask for our permission to bring any suspects to Diego Garcia .
They have not done so and no suspected terrorists are being held on Diego Garcia . "
The blanket denials finally came to an end this February , when David Miliband announced that his US counterparts had checked their records and had discovered that two rendition flights , each carrying one prisoner , had passed through Diego Garcia in 2002 .
He maintained , however , that he had been assured that the planes had only landed for refuelling , and that no prisoner had ever set foot on the island .
Mr. Miliband repeated these claims just four weeks ago , after apparently receiving further confirmation from his US counterparts that no other rendition flights had passed through British territory .
The latest revelations about Diego Garcia make it abundantly clear that the British government can no longer accept any kind of " assurances " from its US counterparts regarding the use of the island .
Ignoring Aeschylus ' sage advice , Ministers have , to put it bluntly , fooled themselves into thinking that ignorance is a substitute for accountability .
The truth , of course , is that they are both morally and legally responsible for what takes place on Diego Garcia , and have a duty to address crimes committed on British territory .
As these crimes include kidnapping , " extraordinary rendition " and illegal imprisonment , which are prohibited under domestic UK and international law , and quite possibly torture , which is prohibited under the terms of the UN Convention Against Torture , the British government must immediately initiate a full and open public inquiry into Diego Garcia 's true role in the " War on Terror " .
Advertisements
In a deeply misguided attempt to reassure people about the economy , President Bush showed his concern over the economy by delivering a 3 minute statement that was focused on the financial markets , and not the economic pains of ordinary people .
As usual , Bush took no questions from the press , while the McCain campaign has said nothing about the economy this morning .
“ In recent weeks , the federal government has taken extraordinary measures to address the challenges confronting our financial markets .
We ’ve taken control of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac — the home finance agencies — to help promote market stability and to ensure they can continue to play a role in helping our housing market recover .
This week , the Federal Reserve acted to prevent the disorderly failure of the insurance company AIG — a development that could have caused a severe disruption in our financial markets and threatened other sectors of the economy .
Yesterday , the Security and Exchange Commission took action to strengthen investor protections and step up its enforcement actions against illegal market manipulation .
Last night , the Federal Reserve , in coordination with central banks around the world , took a substantial step to provide additional liquidity to the U.S. financial system , ” Bush said .
He continued , “ These actions are necessary , and they ’re important .
And the markets are adjusting to them .
Our financial markets continue to deal with serious challenges .
As our recent actions demonstrate , my administration is focused on meeting these challenges .
The American people can be sure we will continue to act to strengthen and stabilize our financial markets and improve investor confidence . ”
Advertisements
Barack Obama released a statement after the president spoke saying that the current market turmoil is a threat to our economy , “ The current financial market turmoil is a major threat to our economy .
I recognize the need for today ’s action by the Federal Reserve and their need to act quickly in a globally coordinated fashion to maintain the functioning of our financial system and the flow of credit to American households and businesses . ”
I think everyone agrees that the bailouts have been necessary , but I think that people are n’t connecting the dots here .
Bush and McCain are trying to separate the financial crisis from the overall economy .
McCain has yet to release a statement on the president ’s remarks today , and their silence is quite deafening .
The problem with Bush ’s comments this morning is that he is still focused on markets , not people .
Remember President Bush and John McCain have so much faith in the markets that they were pushing a plan to allow people to take their Social Security payroll tax and invest it in the markets .
Can you imagine what would have happened to our economy and the entire Social Security system if Bush and McCain had gotten their way ?
Even as the economy melts , Bush is still more concerned about market stability than the woes of everyday people .
The election of John McCain would be the equivalent of replacing one out of touch president with another .
If you believe that America should continue to borrow their way through war financing and corporate bailouts , then John McCain is your man .
However , the recent economic crisis is the biggest sign yet that things can’t continue on their current path .
Every day that the economy dominates the news , is another good day for Barack Obama .
Django 1.0 released !
No , you ’re not hallucinating , it ’s really here .
Around three years ago , Adrian , Simon , Wilson and I released some code to the world .
Our plan was to hack quietly on it for a bit , release a solid 1.0 release , and then really get the ball rolling .
Well .
What happened , of course , was that an amazing community sprung up literally overnight — our IRC channel had over a hundred people in it the day after release , and it ’s never been that “ empty ” since .
I really ca n’t stress enough how amazing our community of users and developers are .
About half of the code that ’s gone into Django over the past three years has been contributed by someone other than a core committer .
Since our last stable release , we ’ve made over 4,000 code commits , fixed more than 2,000 bugs , and edited , added , or removed around 350,000 lines of code .
We ’ve also added 40,000 lines of new documentation , and greatly improved what was already there .
Django 1.0 represents a the largest milestone in Django ’s development to date : a web framework that a group of perfectionists can truly be proud of .
Without this amazing community , though , it would have never happened .
You can download Django 1.0 on the Django downloads page , and read the complete release notes .
For distributors and for verification purposes , a file containing the MD5 and SHA1 checksums of the 1.0 package has been placed on the djangoproject.com server .
This file is PGP - signed with the Django release manager ’s public key .
This key has the ID 0x8C8B2AE1 and can be obtained from , e.g. , the MIT PGP keyserver .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
THE BACKFIRE EFFECT ….
What happens when you tell people that someone has made a false claim ?
Shankar Vedantam reports :
Political scientists Brendan Nyhan and Jason Reifler provided two groups of volunteers with the Bush administration ’s prewar claims that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction .
One group was given a refutation — the comprehensive 2004 Duelfer report that concluded that Iraq did not have weapons of mass destruction before the United States invaded in 2003 .
Thirty - four percent of conservatives told only about the Bush administration ’s claims thought Iraq had hidden or destroyed its weapons before the U.S. invasion , but 64 percent of conservatives who heard both claim and refutation thought that Iraq really did have the weapons .
The refutation , in other words , made the misinformation worse .
A similar “ backfire effect ” also influenced conservatives told about Bush administration assertions that tax cuts increase federal revenue .
One group was offered a refutation by prominent economists that included current and former Bush administration officials .
About 35 percent of conservatives told about the Bush claim believed it ; 67 percent of those provided with both assertion and refutation believed that tax cuts increase revenue .
Italics mine .
Nyhan and Reifler found this “ backfire ” effect only among conservatives .
Refutations had little effect on liberals , but it did n’t cause them to actively believe the misleading information even more strongly .
Why ?
Reifler suggests it ’s because conservatives are more rigid than liberals .
Maybe so .
If I had to guess , though , I ’d say it ’s because right - wing talkers have spent so many years deriding “ so - called experts ” that they now have negative credibility with many conservatives .
The very fact that an expert says a conservative claim is wrong is taken as a good reason to believe the claim .
This could probably be tested by doing a study of factual information outside the realm of politics and seeing if conservatives react the same way .
If they do , maybe that ’s support for the generic rigidity theory .
If not , it ’s support for the theory that conservatives simply distrust political elites .
For more , here is Reifler ’s online Q&A at the Washington Post this morning .
UPDATE : I should add that these were n’t the only two questions Nyhan and Reifler asked .
They also asked a question about stem cell research in which it was liberals who might be expected to resist the truth .
They did n’t find any backfire effect there either , though .
UPDATE : The full paper is here .
Via email , Nyhan tells me that they tried to test my proposition that conservatives do n’t trust elite experts by varying the source of the refutations .
Sometimes it was the New York Times , other times it was Fox News .
“ Surprisingly , ” he says , “ it had little effect . ”
AfterDowningStreet.org
September 24 , 2008
Washington DC — Congresswoman Maxine Waters ( CA - 35 ) , Chairwoman and co-founder of the Out of Iraq Congressional Caucus , issued the following remarks in advance of House consideration of the Defense Authorization for FY 2009 , which authorizes nearly $ 70 billion in emergency war funding :
The Defense Authorization for FY 2009 to be voted on today under suspension of the rules is unacceptable .
This package will give President Bush an additional $ 70 billion to continue the war in Iraq as he sees fit .
We cannot give another blank check for the President ’s war that the taxpayers just ca n’t cash .
The timing for this additional funding could not be worse .
American taxpayers are facing a $ 700 billion bailout package to stem the crisis in the financial markets which has threatened to wipe out their savings , their homes and their jobs .
In May , Congress granted President Bush ’s request for $ 170 billion in war funding that was supposed to last well into next year .
And last month , the Government Accountability Office reported that Iraq will generate an estimated $ 86 billion revenue surplus this year , primarily driven by the high price of oil being paid by Americans and others .
Adding insult to injury is the fact that language constraining the conduct of the war has been stripped from the House and Senate passed versions of the legislation .
The measure does not include a ban on private interrogators in U.S. military detention facilities , does not include a freeze on the hiring of private contractors , and does not include congressional veto power over the planned security pact with Iraq .
It is an ominous coincidence that the price tag of the war in Iraq is nearly the same as the $ 700 billion price tag of the bailout package for the U.S. financial industry .
I cannot in good conscience support additional funding for the Iraq War without a significant change in policy .
The political reconciliation between Iraq ’s competing factions promised to us by the Bush Administration has yet to materialize with an enormous American military presence occupying Iraq .
The only acceptable solution remains fully funding the safe and swift redeployment of our troops from Iraq .
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
" If you want black and white , and I 'm only prepared to give it to you .
You 're either with the law or not with the law .
You are not allowed to go against conventions and if you do , you 're going down the same road as those who absolutely do n't believe in the law . "
" In what has been an increasingly testy parliamentary debate season , Tory MPs Jason Kenney , Pierre Poilievre and John Baird spent last week attacking Liberal Senator Dallaire over his strongly worded criticism of the government 's handling of Canadian child - soldier and Guantanamo - prisoner Omar Khadr . [...]
First , ( Jason ) Kenney compared the most decorated Canadian soldier of his generation to a " mob of wacky protesters . "
A day later , John Baird , the environment minister , tried to shout down Liberal MP Marlene Jennings who came to Dallaire 's defence and loudly applauded when 29 - year - old Tory MP Pierre Poilievre suggested that Dallaire sounded like a member of the Khadr family , an insult so stupid and infantile that Rob Anders ' slur against Nelson Mandela immediately came to mind . "
General Romeo DallaireIf Conservative Party strategists believe that attacking General Romeo Dallaire is a wise political strategy , they may want to think twice .
Dallaire is a respected and well liked Canadian personality .
The three ' fascista ' pit-bulls in Harper 's stable , may want to rethink their tactics .
Beer has a wealth of flavors .
It is made in ( and imported from ) all over the world , and there are sophisticated beers from boutique or micro breweries that have developed their own unique flavors with locally - grown ingredients .
Using beer as an ingredient in cooking can add a whole new dimension of flavor to a recipe , just like adding salt or spices can .
The beer flavor should not dominate , but enhance the flavors .
Common usage of beer in cooking includes beer - can chicken , soups and stews , mussels and bratwurst steamed in beer , beer - battered foods that then get fried in oil , and desserts – particularly made with chocolate and Guinness .
( See links below )
For the beginner cook , substitutions are very tricky and certain beers can negatively alter the appearance , as well as the flavor of the recipe .
For example , using a stout for beer - battered recipes can turn the batter an unappealing shade of grey .
Do be careful with substitutions .
If the recipe specifically says what type of beer you should use , then do not substitute it for another beer .
( For example , my recipe for Guinness Stout Beef Stew is based on using stout beer not light beer or ale . )
What about the alcohol ?
According to our friend Kevin Wagner ( a frequent contributor to this blog ) :
“ Alcohol boils at 172 degrees , so any cooking you do with any kind of alcoholic beverage wo n’t leave any alcohol in the food once it ’s done .
It all evaporates off early and fast .
So , you can serve / use any of these recipes / techniques for the whole family including kids and others who may be sensitive to such things .
Plus , there ’s not that much alcohol in beer to begin with ; it ’s mostly water .
The tricks you see in some food presentations where they flambé things ( French for “ set on fire ” ) only work if they pour concentrated alcohol ( usually brandy ) on right at your table and light it immediately , and you ’ll notice it goes out very quickly as the fuel is consumed so fast .
The truth is , beer does n’t have enough alcohol in it to burn .
But , it does taste good , so here are some useful things you can do to share the wealth . ”
Beer recipes
Beer - Can Chicken is one of those odd inventions that seems to have developed a life of its own .
The basic premise is to stand a chicken up on an empty beer can and cook it standing up .
For beginner cooks , I would rate the “ Degree of Difficulty ” on all Beer - Can Chicken recipes as “ med - high , ” as most involve firing up a barbecue grill in addition to preparing the chicken .
Crepes of Wrath has a great photo - tutorial on how to make Beer - Can Chicken
If you do n’t have a barbecue , you can make beer can chicken in your oven .
Cooking for Engineers shows us how to make Smoked Beer - Can Turkey .
This recipe would be a fabulous change of pace for Thanksgiving dinner !
Chocolate and chili sounds unusual but it ’s quite a popular flavor combination .
Jen has what looks like a fabulous Chocolate Stout Chili photo - tutorial that is also made with jalapenos .
If you know how to brown beef , chop an onion , cut jalapenos , and mince garlic , this recipe is for you !
Sausage cooked in beer is easy , quick and delicious .
Baking with Beer
Beer breads are generally described as “ quick breads ” as they use baking powder or baking soda to rise instead of yeast and take a lot less time to make .
I did an Irish Bread video that is also a quick bread .
Have a look at that video to see if quick breads are something you are ready to tackle .
The ingredients for beer bread are simple ; flour , sugar , salt , baking powder , and beer are the basics .
You can then add all sorts of herbs / cheese to fit your taste .
Farmgirl Fare has a really good basic recipe called Beyond Easy Beer Bread Recipe : A Warm Crusty Loaf In Under An Hour .
She also gives all sorts of variations including adding shredded cheddar cheese and dill , or garlic and herbs , or rosemary and feta cheese , etc .
Epicurious has a really simple recipe using just the basic ingredients as well .
They use 3 Tablespoons of sugar whereas Farmgirl uses only 1 Tablespoon of sugar .
Neither recipe specifies what kind of beer to use , which is a pity .
As with all baking , measuring must be precise !
My Chocolate Cake For Beginners is made with Guinness .
This moist , rich , dense , chocolate cake is one that you will want to make again and again .
( Here is the Metric Recipe . )
Serving Beer
We all know that pairing certain foods with certain wines makes perfect sense .
The same is true with beer .
The right pairing of beer and food can make a huge difference to the taste of the meal .
For example , as the NBWA says ; “ light ales and lagers go well with spicy Mexican , Indian , and Caribbean cuisine while brown ale beers go well with steak or roast beef .
Just as nuts like walnuts and hazelnuts and potatoes roasted with garlic and rosemary go well with stout , dark ale . ”
If you have used beer as an ingredient in the meal , you may want to serve that beer at your dinner party as well .
******
I would like to stress that I am not a beer drinker .
I do hope that some of my readers that have had experience cooking with beer will jump in and help with any questions or comments .
** I would also like to thank Kevin Wagner for inspiring this post and Jessica Howard for her input !
Toshiba showed off a prototype of its fast - charging SCiB battery designed for laptops on Tuesday , but said the technology is still a ways off from making its way into computers .
SCiB , or Super Charge Ion Batteries , are designed to recharge to 90 percent capacity within 10 minutes , and will last longer and endure more recharge cycles than current lithium - ion batteries .
SCiB are also safer and will not explode when crushed , as lithium batteries may , Toshiba said .
This is because SCiB batteries use a material with a higher level of thermal stability and are designed with safeguards against short circuits or overheating .
SCiB batteries can endure 5,000 to 6,000 recharge cycles , compared to around 500 cycles for standard lithium - ion batteries , according to a Toshiba executive manning the company 's booth at the Ceatec exhibition in Chiba , Japan .
At the show , Toshiba showed a prototype SCiB battery installed in a Dynabook laptop .
The laptop was matched against a similar machine with a lithium - ion battery in a demonstration of the SCiB 's rapid charging capability .
SCiB batteries were introduced last year , with the first versions designed for industrial applications .
The batteries will also find their way into a Cannondale electric bicycle , the Schwinn Tailwind , that will go on sale in the U.S. and Europe next year .
Toshiba did not say when SCiB laptop batteries will hit the market .
This roundup has been updated .
Please visit – 21 Excellent Open Source Linux Text Editors
A text editor is software used for editing plain text files .
It has many different uses such as modifying system configuration files , writing programming language source code , jotting down thoughts , or even making a grocery list .
Whatever the level of sophistication of the editor , they typically have a common set of functionality , such as searching / replacing text , formatting text , undo / redo , importing files , as well as moving text within the file .
However , many of the editors included in this article are feature - rich , and can be further extended using plugins and libraries .
In many users ’ eyes , a text editor should be lean and mean , fast to start up and shut down , without fancy splash screens or a graphical user interface .
The choice of editor has long stirred up strong emotions .
For example , the debate about whether vi or emacs ( or another ) is the best editor started decades before Linux was even conceived .
To provide an insight into the quality of software that is available , we have compiled a list of 21 high quality Linux text editors .
There ’s a mix of graphical and console based applications included .
Hopefully , there will be something of interest for all types of users .
Now , let ’s explore the 21 editors at hand .
For each title we have compiled its own portal page , providing a screenshot of the software in action , a full description with an in - depth analysis of its features , together with links to relevant resources and reviews .
Text Editors Emacs Extensible , customizable , self - documenting text editor XEmacs Highly customizable console / graphical editor and development system Vim Power of the editor ' Vi ' , with a more complete feature set Diakonos More powerful than nano , with Windows key bindings jed Compact , fast and powerful nano Clone of Pico , the editor of the Pine email client Cream Modern configuration of Vim gedit Small and lightweight text editor for the GNOME environment Kate Multi document editor which is part of KDE Scribes
Text editor for GNOME that focuses on streamlining your workflow TEA GTK - based with wide range of text - processing functions Bluefish Powerful editor for writing websites , scripts and programming code KompoZer Complete Web Authoring System Quanta Plus Web development tool for KDE Screem Site CReating and Editing EnvironMent Geany Small and lightweight Integrated Development Environment ( IDE ) jEdit A mature programmer 's Java based editor SciTe SCIntilla based Text Editor Kile User - friendly LaTeX source editor and TeX shell and KDE LyX Advanced open source document processor TeXmacs WYSIWYW scientific word processor
Return to our complete collection of recommended free and open source software including our latest additions .
This election campaign is about more than its issues , slogans , proposals , strategies , tactics , attacks or counterattacks .
Like most presidential elections , it represents a collision of myths .
Every four years , various versions of America wrestle with one another , and through this combat , the nation inspects itself , turns itself over and over , striving to choose not only how it wants to be led but what it wants to affirm , how it wants to be known -- really , what it wants to be .
Americans , of course , are n’t always focused on these grand stakes ; day to day , they see a more down - to - earth campaign -- the stump speeches , the barbs and one - liners , the attack ads .
Pettiness consumes the attention of journalists and the prurient interest of the jaded .
Sometimes the combat rises to the level of issues and policies .
Sometimes it even approximates a rational contest as the candidates try to explain what they think is wrong and what they propose to do about it .
Petty or substantive , all these are elements of the surface campaign , which may , in the end , determine who wins and loses but also obscures what is really at stake .
FOR THE RECORD :
Presidents : An Op - Ed article Sept. 28 said President Theodore Roosevelt ranched in South Dakota .
It was North Dakota . —
The true campaign is the deep campaign , the subsurface campaign , which concerns not just what the candidates say but who they are and what they represent -- what they symbolize .
In July , Barack Obama took some criticism for saying that “ the crowds , the enthusiasm , 200,000 people in Berlin , is not about me at all .
It ’s about America .
I have just become a symbol . ”
Some people thought that sounded a bit arrogant , but he was right .
It was not a boast , it was a fact .
People look at the candidates and project onto them something they value .
The candidates become , in a sense , walking archetypes .
To warm to a candidate is to align not just with a person but with a myth , an ideal .
Sometimes we say that people prefer the candidate they “ feel more comfortable with ” or the one they “ would like to have a beer with , ” but to put it that way is to trivialize the deeper truth .
Part of what makes this year ’s race so volatile -- and so absorbing -- is the range of archetypes it has mobilized .
Sen . John McCain is relatively familiar .
He is the leathery man of the West , of exactly the sort who has entranced the Republican Party for almost half a century now .
It is the role that Barry Goldwater , Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush played before him .
McCain himself invokes Theodore Roosevelt , the Rough Rider who , despite his New York origins , ranched in South Dakota and hunted throughout the West .
Those who admire McCain tend to believe that it was men of this sort -- rugged individualists , plain - spoken , straight - talking , self - sufficient men at home in nature ( not in our effete cities ) -- who settled the West on their own .
The myth discounts the immense role of the federal government in conquering the natives , seeing that the railroads were built , adjudicating disputes , arranging for water .
No matter : Print the legend .
In this image of the Old West , history belongs to the man who takes charge , the warrior in command who knows how to shoot and how to lead others to shoot as well .
To McCain ’s incarnation of this powerful archetype has been added the sidekick Sarah Palin .
Palin mobilizes a powerful and unusual -- powerful partly because it is unusual -- supplementary combination of myths .
She is Annie Oakley , the sharpshooter who foolhardy men underestimate at their peril even if she has a penchant for tall tales .
But Palin is also Wonder Woman , the super - heroine whose exploits and attractions appeal to both sexes .
And she is Aimee Semple McPherson , the onetime revivalist and moralist of the International Church of the Foursquare Gospel .
In the imagination of her followers , Palin is some combination of Glamour , Outdoor Life , Playboy and DC Comics .
If the Republican ticket harmonizes with deep mythic currents , the Democrats this year are pioneering , and a bit scrambled , in their mythic significance .
Obama is the quintessential outsider -- a “ sojourner , ” the New York Times ’ David Brooks has called him .
He hails from exotic Hawaii , alien Indonesia , elegant Harvard and down - and - dirty Chicago , all at the same time .
To his devotees , he is part city - slicker , part man of the world ; to his enemies , precisely this combination makes him suspect .
Like the Lone Ranger , he rides into town to serve a community in need , but in a surprising twist , this Lone Ranger is closer to the color of Tonto .
Mythically , therefore , Obama is elusive , Protean , a shape - shifter who , when not beloved , arouses suspicion .
Perhaps he is that object of envy and derision , a “ celebrity , ” as the McCain campaign suggested , but he ’s also an egghead .
He ’s the professor -- but one who can sink the shot from beyond the three - point circle .
He too has a sidekick , but , if you judge by their resumes , it is as if Robin has chosen Batman .
One thing is clear :
He is not a man of the ranch .
Personifying a welter of archetypes , he thrills some , confounds others and jams circuits .
Some people ask , “ Who is this guy ? ”
So that ’s the clash .
McCain , the known quantity , the maverick turned lawman , fiery when called on to fight , an icon of the old known American story of standing tall , holding firm , protecting God ’s country against the stealthy foe .
Obama is the new kid on the block , the immigrant ’s child , the recruit , fervent but still preternaturally calm , embodying some complicated future that we have n’t yet mapped , let alone experienced .
He is impure -- the walking , talking melting pot in person .
In his person , the next America is still taking shape .
The warrior turned lawman confronts the community organizer turned law professor .
The sheriff ( who married the heiress ) wrestles with the outsider who rode into town and made a place for himself .
No wonder this race is thrilling and tense .
America is struggling to fasten a name on its soul .
Todd Gitlin , a professor of journalism and sociology at Columbia University , is the author , most recently , of “ The Bulldozer and the Big Tent : Blind Republicans , Lame Democrats , and the Recovery of American Ideals . ”
Article Casting Doubt on ' Anthrax Killer ' Scrubbed
Washington Post Scrubs Friday Article That Cast Doubt on Reported ' Anthrax Killer ' Case Then Returns to Similar Questions About Ivins ' Lack of Acces to ' Dry , Powdered Anthrax ' in Sunday Article New WaPo Story Begs Additional New Questions in Feds ' Purported Case ...
Brad Friedman
We 're glad it 's the Washington Post , and not just us " bloggers , " asking questions about this anthrax case .
Had we been the ones pointing to the questions that WaPo is now pointing to , we'd have been accused of forwarding " just another conspiracy theory " and the notable questions raised might have been relegated to the trash - bin of history .
Since it 's WaPo raising the questions , on the other hand , the trash - bin will take an extra day or two to fill up , but we suspect the results may eventually be the same : Legend will have it that the lone " Anthrax Killer , " Bruce E. Ivins , killed himself just before he was to be indicted on capital murder charges .
Case closed on the previously - unsolved deadly series of terrorist attacks that occurred on American soil since 9/11 .
That said , it 's certainly odd the way that WaPo has been covering this story .
While their top story on page A1 today is headlined " Scientists Question FBI 's Probe of Anthrax Attacks " and sub- titled " Ivins Could Not Have Been Attacker , Some Say , " the paper nonetheless managed to scrub from their website --- or at least completely replace --- a story they ran originally on Friday afternoon questioning the same points ( whether Ivins had the means , ability , or access to the dry , weaponized anthrax used in the attack letters against senior Democratic Senators and other perceived " liberals " ) with another that greatly softened concerns about those questions .
No retraction or correction notice --- unethically , in our opinion --- was given for WaPo 's odd swaperoo .
The Friday WaPo story we linked to that day --- which was dated " Friday , August 1 , 2008 ; 5:46 PM " and reported that that the purported " Anthrax Killer , " Bruce E. Ivins , " had no access to dry , powdered anthrax " at his U.S. Army bioweapons lab in Fort Detrick , MD --- was simply swapped out with a completely different story in its place on the matter , dated Saturday , August 2 , 2008 .
The same URL was used for both stories , but the Saturday story did n't have the bulk of the reporting which quoted named experts and colleagues questioning Ivins ' ability to even carry out such an attack .
After noticing the swap / excising of the original Friday story ( hat - tip BRAD BLOG commenter Bruce Sims ) , we were set to run a story focusing on the spiked report , when we then checked today 's paper to see that they were leading the Sunday edition with a story that raised many of those same questions from the Friday story again .
Fortunately , we cached the original Friday story here , before it was disappeared and replaced , and have done the same for today 's story , should that one go missing as well .
Comparisons between WaPo's ( disappeared ) Friday , Saturday , and Sunday coverage is curious enough , however , --- and offers some fresh , additional unanswered questions --- that it seems worth noting all of it , and the differences in each days ' coverage , for the record ...
Friday v. Saturday in WaPo
As we quoted in our quick Friday coverage of the WaPo 's story posted late Friday afternoon ( now cached here ) , doubts about Ivins ' ability to have created the anthrax used in the attacks , as reported in their story , were substantive and prominently filled out most of the second half of their story .
Here 's what we had quoted from that story in full on Friday [ emphasis added , just as we did on Friday when we first quoted it ] :
[ H ] is name never surfaced as a potential suspect in the mailings case .
" He was not on my radar , " said a Senate source whose office was briefed on the FBI 's progress .
He also never raised the suspicions of coworkers , many of whom remained convinced that Ivins had nothing to do with the anthrax attack .
" Almost everybody at ' RIID believes that he has absolutely nothing to do with Amerithrax , " said a USAMRIID employee , referring to the FBI code name for the investigation .
" The FBI has been hounding him mercilessly . "
The employee , who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the investigation , said the FBI had visited his lab on " numerous " occasions over the last several years , seizing lab samples , records and equipment .
The constant scrutiny " really pushed this poor guy to the edge , " the employee said , and noted that his colleagues were upset at the way Ivins had been treated .
...
Several scientists who worked with Ivins also question whether he would have had the technical skills to create the sophisticated powder used in the anthrax attack .
Creating the kind of highly lethal , easily dispersible powder used in the 2001 attacks requires unique skills not normally associated with vaccine specialists .
" He had no access to dry , powdered anthrax , according to Fort Detrick spokespersons , who said that only liquid anthrax was used at the Fort Detrick facility in animal aerosolization experiments , " said Meryl Nass , a physician and bioterrorism expert .
" If he had been making dry anthrax , it would have been detectable . "
In comparison , the Saturday story which took its place , using the same URL , had softened the questions about Ivins ' actually possessing the means to carry out the attacks , and led early with the following , seemingly contradictory point :
As a researcher for the Army 's main lab for studying bioterror agents , Ivins had easy access to anthrax bacteria , including the specific strain of Bacillus anthracis used in the attacks on media outlets and congressional offices in the fall of 2001 .
What the story does n't note ( unlike Friday 's ) is that while Ivins had access to liquid strains of the deadly bacteria , he reportedly had no access to the dry , powdered form , which apparently is difficult to create , particularly under the watchful eye of his colleagues and other protocol at the high - security lab .
A few questions about Ivins ' ability to carry out the attacks remained in the Saturday story , but just a few .
They were sprinkled throughout the story .
In sum , here is all of the reportage to that end from the Saturday article :
Despite the allegations --- and even after Ivins 's apparent plunge into mental illness --- longtime friends and colleagues say it is inconceivable that Ivins could have been a bioterrorist .
...
Added another co-worker : " Almost everybody . . . believes that he had absolutely nothing to do with Amerithrax [ the code - name for the FBI investigation ] . "
...
John Ezzell , a former top scientist [ at Fort Detrick ] ... said the experiments [ Ivins was involved in ] did not involve anthrax in its dried form , the type found in the letter to then - Senate Majority Leader Thomas A. Daschle ( D - S.D. )
...
" He was not on my radar , " said a Senate source whose office was briefed on the FBI 's progress .
...
[ Former colleague W. Russell ]
Byrne said .
" He is not Timothy McVeigh .
He 's not the Unabomber . "
We 're setting aside neighbor and co-worker accounts of Ivins , as found in all of the stories , describing him as a nice , caring guy who , they believe , would n't have been involved in anything as diabolical as the anthrax letters .
Frequently , with serial killers in other such cases , co-workers and neighbors testify that they were caught unawares of the accused murderer 's double - life as a psychopath .
The oft - heard " he was a quiet guy who kept to himself , we never imagined he'd be capable of anything like that " sort of accounts .
So we do n't take away anything , in particular , from the passages describing Ivins as a swell guy by those who knew him in any of the stories to be particularly exculpatory .
Similarly , we 've set aside the various reported accounts of his achievements in science and his works of good will , as described by neighbors and co-workers in both stories since , in and of themselves , we do n't find those points to be particularly exculpatory either , even as they may be notable .
On the other hand , we do find it notable when we read statements from experts and co-workers making points such as " He had no access to dry , powdered anthrax " and " If he had been making dry anthrax , it would have been detectable , " as the scrubbed Friday story noted .
One more point on the Friday story which , perhaps , offers a certain benefit of the doubt to WaPo .
The passage we quoted in bold was an odd one .
We had to read it a couple of times to make sure we had placed the quotation marks in the right place when using it in our report .
Here is the passage in question again in full [ sans bolding ] :
" He had no access to dry , powdered anthrax , according to Fort Detrick spokespersons , who said that only liquid anthrax was used at the Fort Detrick facility in animal aerosolization experiments , " said Meryl Nass , a physician and bioterrorism expert .
" If he had been making dry anthrax , it would have been detectable . "
In that passage , the physician / bioterrorism expert Nass is quoted as saying " He had no access to dry , powdered anthrax , according to Fort Detrick spokespersons ... " which is an odd attribution , quoting someone quoting someone else .
It had occurred to us that there might have been some typographical errors in the WaPo 's reporting there at the time .
If that was the case , it might have made sense to either remove that passage or otherwise clear it up with a note about the correction .
WaPo , however , made no such note on the story and , in fact , seem to have killed it completely and replaced it with another wholly different report at the same URL , making no note whatsoever for readers .
Such a correction notice should have been a journalistic no - brainer when making such a change .
Even if there is ultimately nothing nefarious in having scrubbed the original story ( we do n't know whether there is or is n't ) , that WaPo failed to note it somehow would seem to be in violation of its own editorial policies and certainly in violation of Journalistic Ethics and Transparency 101 .
We have not been able to reach anybody at WaPo who can speak to that matter however , but will update ( and note the update here ! ) if we do .
Sunday 's WaPo Story
The Sunday WaPo story seems to restore many of the questions that the Friday report had originally made , however .
The headline used on today 's article --- " Scientists Question FBI Probe On Anthrax : Ivins Could Not Have Been Attacker , Some Say " --- begins again to cast doubt on the story that has been leaking out from " officials " since the news of Ivins ' reported suicide first broke in Friday 's LATimes .
Early in today 's WaPo , perhaps for " balance , " it 's alleged , as it was on Saturday , that Ivins did possess the means to come up with dry , powdered anthrax :
In interviews yesterday , knowledgeable officials asserted that Ivins had the skills and access to equipment needed to turn anthrax bacteria into an ultra - fine powder that could be used as a lethal weapon .
While that makes things appear as if he coulda done it , what is n't declared is Ivins ' actual lack of access to the dry form of anthrax used in the attacks .
Those " knowledgeable officials , " mentioned , as in Saturday 's story , are never named , of course --- unlike all of those whose names are on record , in all of the stories , speaking to Ivins ' inability to have carried out this type of attack .
Additionally , a close read of the details later in the story , expounding on the above , seem to quote only one unnamed official , as opposed to " officials " in plural :
One bioweapons expert familiar with the FBI investigation said Ivins indeed possessed the skills needed to create the dust - fine powder used in the attacks .
At the Army lab where he worked , Ivins specialized in making sophisticated preparations of anthrax bacteria spores for use in animal tests , said the expert , who requested anonymity because the investigation remains active .
Ivins 's daily routine included the use of processes and equipment the anthrax terrorist likely used in making his weapons .
He also is known to have had ready access to the specific strain of Bacillus anthracis used in the attack --- a strain found to match samples found in Ivins 's lab , he said .
" You could make it in a week , " the expert said .
" And you could leave USAMRIID with nothing more than a couple of vials .
Bear in mind , they were n't exactly doing body searches of scientists back then . "
Of course other such unnamed " knowledgeable officials " could have spoken to WaPo , but if so , none of them were directly quoted and thus , presumably spoke only on background .
On the other hand , the doubts about Ivins ' ability to pull off the attacks , as originally averred in Friday 's now - scrubbed story , are restored in large part in the Sunday story :
[ C] olleagues and friends of the vaccine specialist remained convinced that Ivins was innocent :
They contended that he had neither the motive nor the means to create the fine , lethal powder that was sent by mail to news outlets and congressional offices in the late summer and fall of 2001 .
Mindful of previous FBI mistakes in fingering others in the case , many are deeply skeptical that the bureau has gotten it right this time .
" I really do n't think he 's the guy .
I say to the FBI , ' Show me your evidence , ' " said Jeffrey J. Adamovicz , former director of the bacteriology division at the U.S. Army Medical Research Institute for Infectious Diseases , or USAMRIID , on the grounds of the sprawling Army fort in Frederick .
...
[ O] thers , including former colleagues and scientists with backgrounds in biological weapons defense , disagreed that Ivins could have created the anthrax powder , even if he were motivated to do so .
" USAMRIID does n't deal with powdered anthrax , " said Richard O. Spertzel , a former biodefense scientist who worked with Ivins at the Army lab .
" I do n't think there 's anyone there who would have the foggiest idea how to do it .
You would need to have the opportunity , the capability and the motivation , and he did n't possess any of those . "
Another scientist who worked with Ivins acknowledged it would have been technically possible to manufacture powdered anthrax at Fort Detrick , but unlikely that anyone could have done so without being detected .
" As well as we knew each other , and the way the labs were run , someone would discover what was going on , " said the scientist , " especially since dry spores were not something that we prepared or worked with . "
A Few More Questions Arise ...
We do n't have an opinion at this time , one way or another , as to whether Ivins is the " Anthrax Killer . "
We began on the anthrax beat last Friday morning after noticing that virtually all the major corporate media coverage of the story , unforgivably in our opinion , had failed to note that the majority of those targeted by the deadly letters --- such as Senators Daschle and Leahy and NBC's Tom Brokaw --- were powerful men , perceived by Rightwingers to be in opposition to the Republicanist political agenda following 9/11 .
As we reported at the time , after our conversation with Ivins ' oldest brother Thomas on Friday , " not one " of the many reporters who had spoken to him throughout the day even bothered to inquire into Bruce 's political leanings or affiliations , as he told us when we were apparently the first to inquire .
It seemed to us at the time , and still does , that it 's unlikely that any of the papers in question would have failed to note that " conservatives " had been targeted in the attacks , had the letters gone to folks like Tom Delay , Karl Rove , or Bill O'Reilly originally .
Given the recent under - reported story of a church shooter who opened fire last week at a Unitarian Church , reportedly because the shooter hated " liberals , " and the coinciding story that the Bush DoJ had illegally screened out perceived " liberal Democrats " from non-political career jobs , and even fired appointees believed to be lesbians , it seems particularly egregious that the corporate media continues to overlook these series of Rightwing on " Liberal " crimes .
But the additional strange questions revealed by this case , and the odd handling of them by the media , have certainly caught our eye , at least for the moment .
As it 's happily the WaPo who is asking some of those questions ( for a change ) this time , we 're happy to at least note them .
There were two more passages of note from today 's front page story on what --- in lieu of hard evidence forthcoming , as reportedly promised by the feds --- seems , so far , to be little more than a circumstantial case against Ivins .
In the second graf , WaPo reports today :
In tactics that the [ Fort Detrick ] researchers considered heavy - handed and often threatening , they were interviewed and polygraphed as early as 2002 , and reinterviewed numerous times .
Their labs were searched , and their computers and equipment carted away .
If that 's true , then we must presume that Ivins successfully passed that lie - detector test in 2002 .
Otherwise , why has it taken so long to focus on him ?
Particularly since the FBI had been known to have focused on Ivins ' colleague Steven Hatfill for years .
While he had always maintained his innocence , Hatfill sued the Justice Dept . which , only last month , finally agreed to settle with Hatfill for $ 5.8 million , thus exonerating him of suspicion .
According to the bulk of the reportage we 've looked at , the feds ' current case against Ivins seems to hinge largely on the testimony of Ivins ' social worker Jean Duley .
She has alleged that Ivins is a " revenge killer " who " As far back as the year 2000 , has actually attempted to murder several other people , [ including ] through poisoning , " as quoted by WaPo , apparently from testimony Duley recently offered to a judge during an attempt to receive a restraining order against Ivins .
Their story then ends this way [ emphasis ours ] :
She described a July 9 group therapy session in which Ivins allegedly talked of mass murder .
" He was extremely agitated , out of control , " she said .
Ivins told the group he had bought a gun , and proceeded to lay out a " long and detailed homicidal plan , " she said .
" Because he was about to be indicted on capital murder charges , he was going to go out in a blaze of glory ; that he was going to take everybody out with him , " she said .
As highlighted , those claims , according to Duley , were made in group therapy .
Therefore , there ought to be a number of others available to corroborate the testimony from Duley concerning Ivins ' alleged statements about planned " revenge killings . "
We 'll wait patiently for those folks to step forward to back up Duley 's allegations .
But in the meantime , Meryl Nass , who was initially quoted in the Friday story as claiming that Ivins " had no access to dry , powdered anthrax , " and is described by WaPo as as a " a physician and bioterrorism expert " ( her full CV is posted here ) , has her own blog that examines the anthrax case .
Today , in an item focusing on Duley 's various reported statements , Nass writes ( hat - tip BRAD BLOG commenter " Floridiot " ) :
She claimed , " As far back as the year 2000 , the respondent has actually attempted to murder several other people , either through poisoning .
He is a revenge killer .
When he feels that he 's been slighted or has had — especially toward women — he plots and actually tries to carry out revenge killings , " Duley said .
She added that Ivins " has been forensically diagnosed by several top psychiatrists as a sociopathic , homicidal killer .
I have that in evidence .
And through my working with him , I also believe that to be very true . "
As a physician who is called to assess psychiatric patients presenting to the ER , I find her statements troubling : if any of these psychiatrists diagnosed Ivins as homicidal , that physician would be required to start immediate proceedings for psychiatric hospital commitment .
Patients who are a danger to themselves or others must not be allowed to carry out such activities .
That is the law .
Furthermore , if Duley believed Ivins had attempted serial murders , she would be required to consult with her supervising physician and immediately call in the police .
Was this done ?
Who was poisoned ?
If , as reported , she had only been treating Ivins for six months , what evidence did she have of more remote attacks ?
Finally , patients who are actually planning murders ( or have attempted them ) do not usually tell other patients and a therapist about it in group therapy sessions .
Someone who talks about such thoughts is trying to explain how they feel and get help .
All very good questions , and very good points .
In a final note , she goes on to claim : " One media report said Duley was no longer employed at the mental health center where she treated Ivins .
Was she let go for nonprofessional behavior ?
We need to know more about this woman , the basis for her claims , and whether she carried out her professional duties with regard to them . "
Nass did not , however , offer a cite or a link to that " one media report . "
So we 'll put that also in the remains - to - be - seen category .
We 've sent her an email inquiring about where that report was originally published , and asking a few other questions about her quote in Friday 's WaPo in hopes of learning whether it was a typo or not .
If we hear anything back , we 'll update this story appropriately and ( note again to WaPo !!! ) , we 'll note that update transparently and ethically here !
[ UPDATE : The " media report " comes from Bloomberg and is posted here , noting : " Duley was identified in a June 29 article in the Frederick newspaper as a program director for Comprehensive Counseling Associates , a local mental - health counseling center .
A woman who answered the phone at the center said Duley no longer worked there . " h/t again to " Floridiot " ]
[ UPDATE 8/4/08 , 2 pm PT : Glen Greenwald now details Duley 's own criminal record , as does Larisa Alexandrovna . ]
Addendum ...
We also noted on Friday , Glen Greenwald 's must read coverage at Salon , which exhaustively detailed the crucial importance of ABC News ' false reports on the anthrax ties to Iraq , prior to our going to war with them .
On Saturday , New York Times ' front - pager Eric Lichtblau , who has been reporting on the anthrax case , and other DoJ matters , for the paper , was on C - SPAN 's Washington Journal .
Despite repeated queries from callers about the false ABC News reports and even John McCain 's own tying of the anthrax attacks to Iraq on Late Night with David Letterman way back then , Lichtblau was oblivious to the concerns , and said that he was unaware of anything noteworthy in the false connections made by politicians , reporters , and columnists --- and thus , the public --- between the Iraq / anthrax ruse ( which has never been retracted by ABC ! ) and the country 's march to war .
If this article gets pinged by your personal Google Alert , Mr. Lichtblau , please read Greenwald 's article !
Yeesh .
With the pathetic practices exhibited by these MSM folks , it 's little wonder they are having so much trouble staying afloat , even if it remains a mystery as to why folks like us have to resort to begging for donations just to stay alive , so that we can keep cleaning up their unending failures .
*************
© Scoop Media
In my initial reaction last night , I wrote that while I thought the debate was basically a draw , that amounted to a narrow win for Obama since foreign policy is supposed to be John McCain ’s forte .
Now , after half a day , with more time to think about it and the benefit of seeing initial polling data and surveying other people ’s reactions , I ’m only confirmed in that view .
In fact , I think it was a much bigger win for Obama than I was ready to figure last night .
And that ’s for two basic reasons .
First , the pattern in the 2000 and 2004 presidential debates was essentially this : the Democrat generally won each debate on points and even in the snap polls of undecided voters .
But there was usually some remark or bit of affect that — ludicrous or not — right - wing commentators and yakkers fixed in on and were able to parlay into the dominating conversation of the next few days .
In this way , strong debate performances turned into weak debate performances .
I ’m not seeing anything like that this time .
Mainly that ’s because Obama just did n’t make any mistakes .
But I suspect it ’s also because there ’s now more meta - media parity between right and left .
Second was McCain ’s attitude .
Whether it was contempt or condescension or some sort of fear or inability to — in the most literal sense — face Obama , it made McCain look small and angry .
I apologize that I ca n’t link to them because I do n’t remember who wrote it .
But as someone wrote after the debate , for that kind of attitude to have ‘ worked ’ for McCain , Obama needed to come off as completely ignorant and unprepared .
And I do n’t think even his harshest critics believe that is what happened .
Roll it all together and Obama just seemed like a bigger person than McCain .
And in a race in which the issue agenda and party identification already work strongly in Obama ’s favor , that ’s an advantage that is very hard for McCain to give up .
I know that many Obama supporters are disappointed that he passed on various opportunities to deliver a smackdown that McCain could n’t recover from .
But having watched the guy for 18 months now , for better and worse , that ’s not who he is .
What he did do though is stand on the stage with McCain for 90 minutes on what ’s supposed to be McCain ’s terrain .
He had an easy command of the issues .
And he did n’t get rattled by any of McCain ’s attacks .
For all those reasons , I think he had a much better night than McCain .
( ed.note :
For some very acute debate analysis from a very experienced hand , see this post from James Fallows . )
Terrorism experts say such a threat has been known about even before the arrest of Richard Reid , the British shoe bomber .
However , it was not until three weeks ago that a US official explicitly admitted that the government knew of such people being trained in significant numbers .
Coronal sections of injured adult spinal cord , anterior to posterior .
The labelling shows recombined ependymal cells and their progeny ( white ) migrating out to the injury area in the dorsal funiculus , as a reponse to the injury ( injury is in the image on the right hand corner ) .
The mouse is a FoxJ1 - CreER x R26R - LacZ reporter .
Image / Konstantinos Meletis
A researcher at MIT 's Picower Institute for Learning and Memory has pinpointed stem cells within the spinal cord that , if persuaded to differentiate into more healing cells and fewer scarring cells following an injury , may lead to a new , non-surgical treatment for debilitating spinal - cord injuries .
The work , reported in the July issue of the journal PLoS ( Public Library of Science ) Biology , is by Konstantinos Meletis , a postdoctoral fellow at the Picower Institute , and colleagues at the Karolinska Institute in Sweden .
Their results could lead to drugs that might restore some degree of mobility to the 30,000 people worldwide afflicted each year with spinal - cord injuries .
In a developing embryo , stem cells differentiate into all the specialized tissues of the body .
In adults , stem cells act as a repair system , replenishing specialized cells , but also maintaining the normal turnover of regenerative organs such as blood , skin or intestinal tissues .
The tiny number of stem cells in the adult spinal cord proliferate slowly or rarely , and fail to promote regeneration on their own .
But recent experiments show that these same cells , grown in the lab and returned to the injury site , can restore some function in paralyzed rodents and primates .
The researchers at MIT and the Karolinska Institute found that neural stem cells in the adult spinal cord are limited to a layer of cube - or column - shaped , cilia - covered cells called ependymal cells .
These cells make up the thin membrane lining the inner-brain ventricles and the connecting central column of the spinal cord .
" We have been able to genetically mark this neural stem cell population and then follow their behavior , " Meletis said .
" We find that these cells proliferate upon spinal cord injury , migrate toward the injury site and differentiate over several months . "
The study uncovers the molecular mechanism underlying the tantalizing results of the rodent and primate and goes one step further :
By identifying for the first time where this subpopulation of cells is found , they pave a path toward manipulating them with drugs to boost their inborn ability to repair damaged nerve cells .
" The ependymal cells ' ability to turn into several different cell types upon injury makes them very interesting from an intervention aspect : Imagine if we could regulate the behavior of this stem cell population to repair damaged nerve cells , " Meletis said .
Upon injury , ependymal cells proliferate and migrate to the injured area , producing a mass of scar - forming cells , plus fewer cells called oligodendrocytes .
The oligodendrocytes restore the myelin , or coating , on nerve cells ' long , slender , electrical impulse - carrying projections called axons .
Myelin is like the layer of plastic insulation on an electrical wire ; without it , nerve cells do n't function properly .
" The limited functional recovery typically associated with central nervous system injuries is in part due to the failure of severed axons to regrow and reconnect with their target cells in the peripheral nervous system that extends to our arms , hands , legs and feet , " Meletis said .
" The function of axons that remain intact after injury in humans is often compromised without insulating sheaths of myelin . "
If scientists could genetically manipulate ependymal cells to produce more myelin and less scar tissue after a spinal cord injury , they could potentially avoid or reverse many of the debilitating effects of this type of injury , the researchers said .
Source : Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Explore further Discovery of cells that heal cardiac damage after infarction
Hillary yesterday :
Hillary today :
After a weekend spent making direct appeals to gun owners and church goers , Hillary Clinton said Sunday a query about the last time she fired a gun or attended church services “ is not a relevant question in this debate ” over Barack Obama ’s recent comments on small town Americans .
“ We can answer that some other time , ” Clinton said at a press conference held in a working class neighborhood here .
Airport screeners are now able to bypass airport screening :
The Transportation Security Administration ( TSA ) rolled out the new uniforms and new screening policy at airports nationwide on Sept. 11 .
The new policy says screeners can arrive for work and walk behind security lines without any of their belongings examined or X - rayed .
“ Lunch or a bomb , you can walk right through with it , ” said Mike Boyd , an aviation consultant in Evergreen .
“ This is a major security issue . ”
ONE OPINIONATED INBOX
Have Tim Blair bring it to you straight , to your inbox every Wednesday , with his new opinion newsletter .
GENEVA ( Reuters ) - A key United Nations human rights body on Monday appointed as its chairman for the next three years a Cuban law professor who has been a senior diplomat for the Havana government and spokesman for its foreign ministry .
The 73 - year - old Miguel Alfonso Martinez , currently acting president of the Cuban Society for International Law , was elected to preside over its deliberations by the new 18 - member Advisory Committee to the U.N. ’s Human Rights Council .
Chosen as one of his two vice - presidents was a Russian law expert , Vladimir Kartashkin , who served in the foreign ministry of the former Soviet Union in the 1970s and for many years worked in the U.N. Secretariat in New York .
The other vice - president chosen by the Committee -- which replaces the former U.N. sub-commission on the protection of human rights , was Egyptian company lawyer and campaigner for women ’s rights Monar Zulfikar .
Members of the committee -- which provides expertise to the 47 - nation Council -- are nominated by their governments but are expected to work independently and to take decisions without reference to the authorities of their home country .
The Council itself was set up two years ago to replace the U.N. ’s discredited old Human Rights Commission .
But critics say the Council has also become a battleground between blocs of countries in which Islamic nations -- usually supported by Russia , China and Cuba -- scrap with Western countries over competing visions of human rights .
The above is the Aston Martin One - 77 which is going to cost you £ 1 million ( that ’s about $ 1.9 mil ) to get one .
It is UK automaker ’s latest flagship model ; featuring the 7.0 - liter V12 engine , a carbon fiber chassis and a handcrafted aluminum body .
The One - 77 boosts from 0 to 60 at 3.5 - seconds and capable of achieving 200 mph ; with stunning design to create possibly the world ’s most desirable automotive art form .
It ’s a very special car for customers who want to take the bespoke experience to a higher level , ” company chairman David Richard told Autocar .
“ Every car will be entirely individual . ”
As for Aston Martin ’s decision to build just 77 , it ’s said to have stemmed from Bez ’s belief that seven is a lucky number .
It certainly is for those fortunate enough to get one .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
An intended recipient of one of the anthrax - laced letters sent in 2001 's anthrax scare said Monday he was " very skeptical " of the government 's investigation .
Former Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle was an intended recipient of an anthrax - laced letter in 2001 .
Former Sen . Tom Daschle , who was Senate majority leader at the time , said he is suspicious of the case against researcher Bruce Ivins because of the government " bungling " of Steven Hatfill 's case .
Hatfill , who was named by the Justice Department as a " person of interest " in 2002 , was never charged and later sued the department .
They reached a multimillion dollar settlement in June .
" Given their checkered past and the difficulty that they had in getting to this point -- the bungling of the Hatfill part of the investigation -- leads me to be very skeptical , " the former South Dakota senator said .
Ivins , an anthrax researcher at Fort Detrick , Maryland , committed suicide last week before he was to have discussed a plea deal in the anthrax case with prosecutors , officials said .
Ivins , 62 , died at a hospital in Frederick , Maryland , where he was taken after he was found on a bathroom floor at his home .
No charges have been made public .
Sources close to the case said the government may pronounce it closed as soon as Tuesday .
The decision to close the probe is part of a set of events in which the government will first ask a federal judge to disband the grand jury that was hearing the case , then request the case documents to be unsealed .
After that , the Justice Department plans to brief the victims and their families in Washington before publicly releasing details of the case against Ivins , several sources with knowledge of the investigation said .
Daschle said Monday he has n't been briefed on the investigation in over five years .
Watch why Daschle is skeptical of the case »
A letter to him containing anthrax spores was opened by one of his staffers , exposing 20 people in his office to anthrax .
None of them became ill .
" I 've been completely left out with regard to any understanding of the progress of the investigation or what these latest developments may mean , " he said .
The anthrax mailings killed five people and sickened more than a dozen others after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks .
Ivins , of Frederick , worked for decades in the biodefense lab at Fort Detrick , where he was trying to develop a better vaccine against the anthrax toxin .
The FBI had traced the anthrax used in the attacks to the lab by using a new genetic technology , a U.S. official familiar with the probe said .
Authorities were looking at whether Ivins may have released anthrax as a way to test a vaccine he was working on , another official said .
But one of Ivins coworkers at the lab , Jeffrey Adamovicz , said he did n't think Ivins was responsible for the letters .
Watch why colleague doubts government 's case »
" The labs were not equipped , for instance , with a lot of the equipment that would have been required to supposedly dry this material down and create the highly refined state that it was in , " said Adamovicz , who worked with Ivins for 12 years .
Adamovicz also said Ivins showed no signs of being homicidal or suicidal , including when he saw him just three weeks ago .
" He seemed ... quite conversant , and he was his old self , " Adamovicz said of his former colleague .
" Those of us who have known Bruce have never seen that side of him , " Adamovicz said , referring to allegations that Ivins was capable of murder .
At the time of his death , Ivins was under a temporary restraining order sought by a social worker who counseled him in private and group sessions .
She accused him of having harassed , stalked and threatened violence in the previous 30 days .
Watch why Ivins scared social worker »
The woman told the court in her complaint that Ivins had spent time at a Sheppard Pratt mental health facility .
There have been no arrests in the anthrax probe , which started after letters containing anthrax spores were sent to congressional offices and news organizations .
Among those who died were two postal workers .
Two contaminated letters were sent to senators , exposing 30 staffers .
CNN 's Kevin Bohn and Brianna Keilar contributed to this report .
All About Anthrax • Bruce Ivins • Federal Bureau of Investigation
USA Today / Gallop Poll : Obama Did Better in First Debate 46 % of people who watched the first debate thought Obama did better than McCain
September 28 , 2008  --
A new USA TODAY / Gallup Poll shows 46 % of people who watched Friday night 's presidential debate say Democrat Barack Obama did a better job than Republican John McCain ; 34 % said McCain did better .
Obama scored even better -- 52%-35 % -- when debate - watchers were asked which candidate offered the best proposals for change to solve the country 's problems .
More than six in 10 people or 63 % in the one - day poll , taken Saturday , said they watched the first faceoff in Oxford , Miss .
For those 701 people , the margin of error was +/- 4 percentage points .
The poll suggested the debate was to some extent a wash for McCain : 21 % of those who watched say it gave them a more favorable view of him , 21 % say less favorable and 56 % say it did n't change their opinion much .
Three in 10 said their opinion of Obama became more favorable after seeing the debate , compared to 14 % who said less favorable and 54 % who said it did n't make much difference .
More than one - third of viewers , or 37 % , said they had less confidence in McCain to fix economic problems after seeing the debate ; 23 % said more .
For Obama , the survey results were 34 % more confidence , 26 % less .
Neither candidate broke away on national security and foreign policy .
About a third of viewers said they had more confidence in each man on that front after the debate , and slightly less in each case said they had less confidence .
Obama held a 5 - percentage - point lead over McCain , 49 % - 45 % , in the Gallup tracking poll taken Wednesday through Friday .
Tomorrow 's poll will be the first to include impact from the debate .
After five years of development , Free Pascal 2.0 is ready .
With the new compiler , its authors believe they are ready to become a larger open source development platform .
In the MS - DOS world , Pascal was one of the major programming languages and is by means of Borland Delphi an important programming language in the Windows world .
In the open source world , Free Pascal is the leading Pascal compiler and while open source is a bit biased using the C language , the Pascal language has a lot to offer to open source programmers .
Free Pascal is a GPL compiler for 32 - bit and 64 - bit CPU architectures such as Intel 32 /64 bit , AMD 32/64 bit , SPARC , PowerPC and Intel ARM .
It is language compatible to Turbo Pascal , Delphi ( till version 7 ) , and partly Metrowerks Pascal .
It supports many operating systems : Dos , Linux , Windows , OS /2 , FreeBSD , NetBSD and OpenBSD , Novell Netware , Mac OS classic , Mac OS X and MorphOS .
It comes with a cross-platform Run-Time Library , many interfaces to existing libraries , and a large set of non-visual classes in the Free Component Library .
Last but not least , a text - mode IDE exists on various platforms , and FPC comes with 1800 pages of documentation .
What is new when compared to version 1.0 ?
– More supported CPUs :
AMD64 , SPARC , PPC ( 32 bit ) , ARM .
– More supported platforms :
Mac OS classic , Mac OS X , MorphOS , Novell Netware .
– Improved inlining
– Improved register variables
– Improved 80×86 assembler optimizer
– Threading support .
– Rudimentary variant support .
– Interfaces support .
– WideString support .
– More Delphi compatibility units .
– Greatly improved database access .
– New compiler mode :
MACPAS for compatibility with Pascal compilers on Mac OS .
– Complete documentation of RTL units , generated using a new documentation
tool , included in the distribution : fpdoc
– Completely rewritten Unix support .
– Completely rewritten compiler , allowing for easier ports to new
architectures .
– IDE
– Free Vision text - mode windowing system .
– Many new packages .
– And of course , Numerous bugfixes .
2. Why Pascal ?
The 3d - game Lentil Wars is being written with Free Pascal
Because the open source world is a bit biased to C , we ’ll have to answer the question “ what is Pascal good for ? ” .
To answer this question , we need to compare Pascal to other modern programming languages which are currently available .
Pascal is about as old as the C programming language and there are many similarities between both languages ; both are procedural third generation languages that allow the programmer to do structured programming and both languages have been used to write large real world applications .
New languages , like Java and C# , promise to ease programming by providing managed code with automatic memory management .
As this frees the programmer from a task this makes programming somewhat easier .
Therefore one can ask whether interest in old school languages is still justified .
It is the case however , although recently a lot of progress has been made to reduce the speed disadvantages of managed code , these languages tend to produce software that requires large bloated runtime environments and is often perceived as slow by users .
At this time , these are reasons for many programmers and users to dislike those new school languages .
( By the way , how novel is managed code ?
Been there , done that , did n’t work .
Remember the USCD P - system ? )
Anyway , today , the majority of software being written runs directly on the operating system , and we believe this will at least remain the case for quite a while .
As of such it is important to have good tools available to write such software .
The various C compiler suites provide such a tool and so does Free Pascal .
While Pascal and C are similar , the language Pascal has still many things to offer that are n’t available to many programmers .
For example , Pascal ’s traditional strength , type - safety , is as valid today as it was 30 years ago .
Modular programming was introduced in a much nicer way and so are the object oriented extensions .
Pascal removes things for you to worry about .
For example , every use of a string in C needs measures to be taken to prevent buffer overflows .
Pascal does not remove any freedom from you , so if you would like to build a buffer overflow vulnerability in your code , go ahead !
However , using something trivial like a string does not require you to worry about buffer overflows and as a result , they are less likely to happen .
Modern Pascal offers many ways to build better software .
In modern object oriented software design , Pascal ’s properties give you a powerful tool to guard the integrity of your objects , and interfaces give you the power of multiple inheritance without the semantical difficulties .
The use of RTTI ( Run- Time Type Information ) provide easy streaming and many RAD design options .
See for instance the Lazarus project , which makes a cross- platform IDE using Free Pascal .
As for Free Pascal , I ’m sure many programmers will appreciate it compiles 9 times faster than GCC , provides clear , helpful error messages , and frees you from the task to write make files .
Summing up , programming in Pascal gives you as programmer many advantages over your collegues writing C .
3. Free Pascal
The 3D terrain renderer Voxel World was written with Free pascal .
In the early 90’s , Borland ’s Turbo Pascal was the leading Pascal compiler .
It had a very large programmer community and when , in 1994 it became clear that it would be discontued many programmers were left in the cold .
Some projects were started by such users to write a new compiler and in 1993 , Free Pascal , initially known as FPK - Pascal , started out as one of those projects .
All early Free Pascal developers were highly satisfied Turbo Pascal users and the goal of the compiler was clear , to build a modern , 32 - bit replacement for Turbo Pascal .
The project quickly attracted people from the large Turbo Pascal community and got a large user base .
In July 2000 , the crown on the work , Free Pascal 1.0 was released .
Free Pascal did what it promised , it was 32 - bit , modern Pascal compiler that was extremely compatible to Turbo Pascal .
It also turned out to be a very reliable compiler and could be trusted to write large programs in .
In education , tradionally a Pascal stronghold , Turbo Pascal got replaced by Free Pascal and many code gurus started to design software in FPC .
The downloads skyrocketed and as of now , they still do , with the three servers forming ftp.
freepascal.org throw out 0,5 terabyte a month of traffic .
However , the world had changed .
Turbo Pascal had disappeared from people ’s mind , and its successor , Delphi , mostly used to develop business applications , was a now dominant factor in the Pascal world .
So , demand changed from a modern Turbo Pascal successor to an open source Delphi alternative .
However , this posed challenges the way the compiler had been written .
In fact , the compiler had been written by a group of skilled young and crazy programmers , who were at the time relatively unexperienced with compiler design .
Another more important flaw became apparent .
Version 0.99 of the compiler had been ported to the Commodore Amiga .
This was done by writing a second code generator , one for i386 and one for the M68000 .
This approach turned out to be totally unmaintainable , since an awfull lot of changes required both code generators to be updated , while correctness of changes could not be guaranteed by people developing on PC’s .
On the code generation front , the compiler design was by far not up to the task to generate efficient assembler code .
In other words , a redesign became necessary .
Most urgent was a new code generator , but for a solid compiler architecture the parser tree and register allocator had to be rewritten as well .
4. Architecture
Architecture of the Free Pascal 1 compiler
The new compiler uses an architecture we have not yet seen anywhere else and we ’re quite proud of it .
First we ’ll discuss the architecture of the 1.0 compiler .
The 1.0 compiler was basically pretty straightforward .
A scanner did convert a program into tokens which where then parsed into a parser tree .
Then the compiler did a first pass to evualate constant expressions and collect information for code generation .
Then the CPU - dependent second pass generated the actual code , after which a CPU - dependent optimizer could improve the generated code .
Free Pascal 2 does three passes , constant evalution , collection of information and highlevel optimization , and code generation .
The code generator has been split in a front - end and back - end .
Tree , constant pass , information collection and highlevel code generation are built into an object oriented class structure .
The CPU - dependent back - end is also implemented as class that needs to be overridden for each CPU .
A CPU - dependent parameter manager helps the code generator to pass parameters to procedures without knowing anything about the CPU and calling convention that is being used .
The advantage of this architecture is that few CPU - dependent code has to be written to port the compiler , one can suffice by implementing the code generator back - end , the parameter manager and supplying the right information to the other parts of the compiler .
Architecture of the Free Pascal 2 compiler
However , any part of the code generation process can be overridden to take advantage of CPU - specific tricks .
For example , the x86 archtecture has powerful addressing modes which are very useful for index arrays .
To take advantage of this , the x86 part of the code generator overrides the code generation for array indexing and generates x86 specific instructions .
We believe that by using this architecture we are better able to take advantage of weird CPU features than by using a more traditional intermediate code approach .
Current processors that benefit a lot from this are the ARM and x86 .
Lastly , the new architecture uses a new register allocator .
By doing register allocation after code generation , the compiler is able to make much smarter register assignment decisions .
Previously , while allocating registers the compiler did not know what code did follow in the future and therefore usually put data in uncomfortable places so extra code had to be generated to move things around .
On the library front , a big overhaul was done on the Unix front , allowing code sharing between Unixes , so many of them are now supported .
The already very fast heap manager got an overhaul to behave better in a lot of less common situations and to support deallocation of memory back to operating system ( important for daemons ) .
5 . New features
Lazarus is a Delphi- alike RAD tool that allows quick development of GUI applications
A new compiler not only needs a new architecture , it also needs new features .
What ’s new ?
Not surprisingly , many ports have been made .
Free Pascal 2 is available for the i386 , x86_64 , PowerPC/32 , Sparc and ARM processors .
Operating systems did already include Dos , Linux , Windows , OS / 2 , and FreeBSD .
Now , some of these are available on multiple processors and big newcomers are Novell Netware , Mac OS classic and Mac OS X .
Second , the compiler generates better code , does proper inlining , and can use multiple calling conventions .
It has some language additions , like 64 bit constant parsing , interfaces , dynamic arrays and more .
There is a better heap manager and both the compiler and runtime library now can do multi- threading .
Internationalization support helps you to translate your application and widestrings will make it possible to also target those languages with weird character sets .
Delphi compatibility has been improved a lot and many quirks are emulated in the special Delphi mode .
Apple programmers will be pleased that a Mac Pascal mode implements many language features from Think Pascal and Metrowerks Pascal .
A good compiler is useless without good libraries , and loads of new libraries are available .
Describing all improvements here would need a long article on its own , though .
6. Future
What does the future hold ?
Now the major architectural hurdles have been taken , we expect to make rapid progress on the code optimization front , which still is a bit behind compared with other open source compilers .
Big improvements are expected by implementation of a static single assignment variables in the parser tree , which will greatly save on the amount of data moved between temporary locations .
We also expect the amount of platforms the compiler is available on to increase even further .
Big advances are expected in development tools based on Free Pascal which will become powerful RAD tools .
7. Closing words
Free Pascal 2.0 is the crown on five years of intense compiler development .
Within those five years , its code base has evolved from a simple compiler of which you can find many on the internet to an advanced masterpiece and should be considered one of the major open source compilers .
It does not implement a new sexy language of which many have appeared and disappeared , but instead builds on a foundation that has proven itself to be reliable , useful and competitive for over 30 years .
And if you want to write software that matters , Free Pascal is among the better tools available for the job .
If you would like to see your thoughts or experiences with technology published , please consider writing an article for OSNews .
I was surprised to hear on the news that Sam Parnia has been awarded a big grant to find out whether the human spirit leaves the body at death – whether consciousness can survive when the brain is no longer working .
He , and colleagues around the world , will place an image on a platform suspended from the ceiling of hospital wards and resuscitation areas , so that the image cannot be seen from below but could be seen if – during a near - death experience – the patient 's consciousness left his body .
I was surprised , not that he has been awarded the grant , but that this made the news .
But I assumed that this topic is of sufficient popular interest that , of all the thousands of research grants awarded , this one was worth reporting .
Then I heard people saying it was a total waste of time and money .
Surely we should be spending scarce research resources on improving patient care or developing new drugs should n't we ?
Well should we ?
Is this a good use of research money ?
I long ago became fascinated with near - death experiences ( NDE ) .
In 1970 , before the term was even invented , I had an extraordinary drug - induced experience ( this was the time of hippy enthusiasm for old - fashioned mild cannabis ) .
This life - changing experience included the tunnels , lights , out - of - body experience and meeting other beings that occur in the classic NDE .
I was convinced that my spirit had left my body , and that is why I went on to become a parapsychologist , trying to prove this was true .
I found it was not .
If there is any survival , I now think it 's more likely to be through technological advances – you can hear me discussing this with musician Peter Gabriel , who is building the first " social networking site for the dead " !
I learned a lot about the experience though .
In 1975 , physician Raymond Moody coined the term NDE in his book Life After Life .
Since then , research has shown that something like 10 % of people who come close to death and survive report some kind of memory .
Most seem to rush down dark tunnels towards a bright light , many seem to fly out of their body to watch events as though from above , some go on into " other worlds " where they meet dead loved ones or angels or gods , and a very few reach a barrier from which they decide to return to life .
Many are changed by their experiences , often becoming less fearful of death and less materialistic .
All of this is well explained by what we know about how brain function changes as it approaches death , or even when in shock or severe stress .
This " dying brain hypothesis " tells us a lot about what we can expect of our own deaths .
What could not be explained – if indeed it were true – is people actually seeing things that were happening at the time when they could not possibly have seen them with their physical eyes ( or heard them described , or inferred them from what they already knew ) .
There are many claims of this kind , but in my long decades of research into out - of - body and near - death experiences I never met any convincing evidence that this is true .
There is the famous case of the woman in Seattle who apparently saw a shoe on a high ledge and her social worker later found it there .
This story , like so many others , relies on the testimony of just one person , in this case the social worker .
The woman herself never told anyone else and is now dead , and there is no one else who reported seeing it .
The testimony of one person , however sincere , is not sufficient to overturn much of science .
And this is what would be entailed .
If human consciousness can really leave the body and operate without a brain then everything we know in neuroscience has to be questioned .
If people could really gain paranormal knowledge then much of physics needs to be rewritten .
This is what is at stake .
Add to that the fact that most people in the population believe in some kind of life after death , and many desperately want it to be true , then you have a strong case for this research – even if the chances of success are vanishingly small .
If Parnia does the experiments properly , and his patients really can see those images , then I will change my mind about the paranormal .
I do n't think it 's going to happen but I do think it 's worth him making the attempt .
( CNN ) -- Doctors at the Technical University of Munich have conducted the world 's first double - arm transplant on a 54 - year - old farmer who had lost both his arms in an accident , officials said .
After transplant surgery , this farmer has new arms .
His condition " is very good under the circumstances . "
The operation was conducted at the university 's " Klinikum rechts der Isar " last week , the clinic said in a statement Friday , following several years of preparatory work .
The man 's condition " is very good under the circumstances , " the statement said .
" Now it is a matter of avoiding future wound healing disorders , infections , strong side - effects caused by the drugs and in particular any rejective reaction . "
A team of 40 people participated in the transplant surgery , conducted July 25 and 26 .
The donor matched the host in sex , age , skin color , size and blood group , the statement said .
The transplant subject had lost both his arms at the upper arm level six years ago , and two attempts with artificial limbs had been unsuccessful .
All About Surgery
If there were any good ideas at this convention of mostly rich and mostly right - wing delegates about how to haul the country out of this mess that the G.O.P. has gotten it into , they were kept well hidden .
Perhaps they were tucked away behind the more prominently displayed creationism and “ just - say - no to global warming ” documents .
It stretches the mind almost to the breaking point to think of John McCain as an agent of substantive change .
He once believed that Phil Gramm was the most qualified person in the United States to be president .
And he now believes that Sarah Palin is the most qualified to be vice president .
That is not the fault of Mr. Gramm or Ms. Palin .
But it sure tells us a lot about the judgment of John McCain .
Mr. McCain is a warrior , a former fighter pilot , and it ’s no secret that Americans have long been thrilled by the romantic Top Gun narrative of fighter pilots , those specialists in the realm of the dangerous and the reckless .
But we ’ve also seen what dangerous and reckless behavior in the White House can do to a nation .
Image Bob Herbert
Sarah Palin may someday become president , and for all we know she may be a great one .
But she was not chosen as Mr. McCain ’s running mate after long and careful consideration and consultation .
The best evidence is that she was a somewhat impulsive choice .
Voters would be well advised to proceed with caution .
BREAKING WARNEWS !
You ’ve probably heard by now that Al Qaeda just zapped the Marriott Hotel in Islamabad .
A truck blew up while security was going over it with sniffer dogs .
At least the dogs died happy , I suppose .
Those sniffer dogs are n’t the furious anti-drug or anti-explosive types like you might think .
They get a Milk Bone every time they find cocaine or fertilizer bombs , so the last sound heard by the tired foreigners bedding down at the Marriott last night would have been excited yipping and yapping , “ Oh boy , this thing is so big they better give me a kennel - full of Liva Treats ! ”
The early reports are that these Teamster jihadis were looking for the Prime Minister ’s house , where everybody who ’s anybody in Pakistan was having a big hands - on feast .
But they were “ discouraged ” by heavy security around the mansion and decided to head for the Marriott instead .
It ’s that word , “ discouraged , ” and the notion of settling for second best , that I ca n’t help thinking about when I try to imagine what these guys chatted about in their funeral shrouds , on their way to deliver more than a ton of ammonium nitrate to the Marriott .
They must have tried to make the best of it : “ I mean c’mon , Rashid , the Marriott ’s good too ! ”
“ Oh Hell yes , Tariq , nobody ’s dissing Marriott !
Great place !
Remember when we were casing it last spring and we put on filthy Western - infidel suits to take a few cellphone pix of the entrance , and to look casual we all got ourselves some smoothies over by the poolside cabana ?
Incredible ! ” “ Oooo , yeah , I forgot –the Banana - Mango Swirl ?
Paradise ! ” “ And there ’ll be lots of good targets there , maybe not as good as the PM but we ’ll make it up on the numbers –how many rooms they got ? ”
“ Jeez , must be 400 at least .
Gotta be a good dozen CEOs staying there .
How many CEOs make a PM ? ”
I bet they were all cheered up by the time the dogs started barking .
That ’s what makes suicide bombers so funny , whether you admit it or not : because nobody can stop being the way they are , all whiney and conceited and ridiculous , even on the way to vaporize a truck in an oil exec ’s luxury suite .
The dynamic duo in the truck ( it ’s usually two guys , but I ca n’t vouch for that this time ) probably spent their last minutes arguing over who gets to hold the deadman switch .
That ’s life : you try for drama and you get a couple of Islamic Pauly Shores in shrouds in the cab of a Ryder , arguing over left turns all the way to the Marriott .
( Natural News ) Children 's risk of cancer goes up substantially the closer they live to a nuclear power plant , according to a German government study .
Researchers contracted by the Federal Office for Radiation Protection studied the occurrence of cancer in children under the age of five who were living within five kilometers ( three miles ) of one of 21 nuclear reactors in 41 districts of the country between the years of 1980 and 2003 .
A total of 4,735 children without cancer and 1,592 children with cancer were included in the study population .
There were 77 cases of cancer among the children studied , which came out to 60 percent more than the national average for childhood cancer .
When only leukemia was examined , the rate was 117 percent higher : 37 cases of leukemia , in contrast to the expected 17 .
The chance of contracting cancer went up the closer a child lived to one of the reactors .
The study marked the third on a series being conducted as part of the German Childhood Cancer Registry .
But according to the Federal Office for Radiation Protection , the most recent study provided the strongest conclusions .
" For the first time , exact data on the distance of a residence to a reactor could be taken into account in a case - control study , " the office said .
According to Environment Minister Sigmar Gabriel , the results are puzzling , because the cancer rates are much higher than can be explained by the amount of radiation currently believed to escape from nuclear reactor sites .
" To explain this increased cancer risk , the population would have to be exposed to radiation at least 1,000 times higher than what comes from German nuclear power plants , " he said .
Yet the Federal Office for Radiation Protection said it was not surprised by the results , which are " in line with similar investigations carried out world - wide . "
Error message
The page you requested does not exist .
For your convenience , a search was performed using the query 8693 .
Search
Did you mean 1993
Check if your spelling is correct , or try removing filters .
Remove quotes around phrases to match each word individually : " blue drop " will match less than blue drop .
You can require or exclude terms using + and - : big + blue drop will require a match on blue while big blue - drop will exclude results that contain drop .
" Even though people may believe differently , we are all equal as …
Chaplain Bonnie Conklin is an eight - year CoreCivic chaplain , an ordained minister and U.S. …
About The Author Vitaly Friedman loves beautiful content and does n’t like to give in easily .
When he is not writing or speaking at a conference , he ’s most probably running … More about Vitaly Friedman …
Practical JavaScript Libraries and jQuery Plugins
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
If you have a problem and need a solution for it , chances are high that a JavaScript library or jQuery plugin exists that was created to solve this very problem .
Such libraries are always great to have in your bookmarks or in your local folders , especially if you are n’t a big fan of cross - browser debugging .
If you have a problem and need a solution for it , chances are high that a JavaScript library or jQuery plugin exists that was created to solve this very problem .
Such libraries are always great to have in your bookmarks or in your local folders , especially if you are n’t a big fan of cross - browser debugging .
A JavaScript library is n’t always the best solution : it should never be a single point of failure for any website , and neither should a website rely on JavaScript making the content potentially inaccessible .
Progressive enhancement is our friend ; sometimes JavaScript wo n’t load properly , or wo n’t be supported — e.g. users of mobile devices might run into latency issues or performance issues with some JavaScript - libraries .
Often large all - around JavaScript libraries such as jQuery might be an overkill , while tiny JavaScript micro-libraries could serve as good , “ light ” alternatives for a particular problem .
We ’ll present some of them today .
Further Reading on SmashingMag :
In this two - part overview , we feature some of the most useful JavaScript and jQuery libraries which could be just the right solutions for your common problems .
You might know some of these libraries , but you probably do n’t know all of them .
In either case , we hope that this overview will help you find or rediscover some tools that you could use in your next projects .
Due to the length of this post , we ’ve split it into two parts for your convenience :
Part 1 : Web Forms , Typography , Time - Savers and Images
Part 2 : Text , Tables , Lists and Useful Development Tools
Quick Overview :
Below you ’ll find a brief overview and links to the libraries and tools featured in this post .
They are supposed to help you find just the right tool quickly without browsing the whole page .
Web Forms and Input Validation
A jQuery - plugin for replacement and enhancement of < select > - boxes .
The plugin supports search , remote data sets , and infinite scrolling of results .
Users can just start typing what they ’re looking for .
Non-matching entries are removed from the view , and options can be selected using “ Enter ” or a mouse click .
The plug - in works with standard select input fields as well as with multiple selects and optgroup .
It also has support for selected , disabled and default text ( HTML5 ’s placeholder attribute ) .
The plug - in is based on Chosen , an alternative solution which is currently available in jQuery , MooTools and Prototype flavors and as a Drupal 7 module .
jQueryCoreUISelect
Another cross - browser solution to enhance the < select > element with jQuery and CSS .
Requires jQuery 1.6 or higher .
It provides full customization , support of optiongroup , automatic calculations , keyboard support , callback functions and is compatible with mobile devices .
This script allows Gmail - like auto - saving of drafts .
It stores form data to the HTML5 local storage of the user ’s browser and restores it when the user reloads or reopens the page or opens the page in a new tab .
The data is cleared from local storage when the user submits or resets the form .
j Query Credit Card Validator
This library attaches to the input event ( with a fallback to the keyup event ) and so every time a number in the input field changes , it calls a validation function .
When a card is recognized , the credit card type is highlighted ; and if the credit card number is correct , it is highlighted with a green checkmark as well .
The plugin supports American Express , Diners Club , Discover Card , JCB , Laser , Maestro , MasterCard , Visa and Visa Electron .
You might want to consider credit cards JavaScript validator and the Smart Validate Credit Card Validation plugin .
This library allows you to transform HTML text into input fields , without resorting to code inflation .
The plugin inserts aesthetic as well as practical input possibilities , e.g. Tags , Ajax , Focus and others .
A jQuery plugin for displaying a depth illusion between popup and page .
The original script by Hakim El Hattab uses CSS transitions and transformations , and the plugin gracefully degrades in those that do not support transitions and transforms .
MIT licensed .
This library enhances ordinary search boxes with the ability to autocomplete faceted search queries .
You can specify the facets for completion , along with the completable values for any facet .
You can retrieve the search query as a structured object , so you do n’t have to parse the query string yourself .
Ideal Forms Framework
A very comprehensive jQuery plugin for building and validating responsive HTML5 forms .
It provides keyboard support , customizable input types , “ on the spot ” validation , localization and HTML5 placeholder polyfill .
Supported in IE8 + , Chrome , Firefox , Opera , iOS5 + , Android 4.0 + .
With this JavaScript spell - checker you can suggests another domain when the user misspells it in an email address .
Mailcheck helps effectively reducing sign up typos .
While it already includes some domains , you can easily supply your own .
A lightweight JavaScript form validation library .
You can validate form fields using over a dozen rules and set custom messages ; the library does n’t have any dependencies and you can define your own validation callbacks for custom rules .
Works in all major browsers ( even IE6 ! ) .
File Upload widget with multiple file selection , drag&drop - support , progress bars and preview images .
It supports cross-domain , chunked and resumable file uploads and client - side image resizing .
Works with any server - side platform ( PHP , Python , Ruby on Rails , Java , Node.js , Go etc. ) that supports standard HTML form file uploads .
This jQuery plugin provides tool tips without being limited to cardinal directions .
A grumble can be rotated around a given element at any angle , all 360 degrees and at any distance — with CSS .
Works in Internet Explorer 6 + and modern browsers .
Also , check Tipped , a larger library of various designs and implementations of tooltips with an extensive API .
A small JavaScript library which allows you to create dialog boxes using Twitter ’s Bootstrap modals , without having to worry about creating , managing or removing any of the required DOM elements or JS event handlers .
You might want to check out the Date Range Picket for Bootstrap as well as a growing library of HTML Snippets for Twitter Bootstrap .
Prashant Chaudhary has realeased a free lightweight jQuery plugin that lets you create a custom drop - down that can include images , a short description , along with your usual text and value .
It also supports callback functions on selection .
You could use CSS3 Drop - Downs as well .
This jQuery plugin makes it easy to create alert , success , error , warning , information and confirmation messages .
The notification can be positioned anywhere on the page and you can customize the text , animation , speed and buttons easily .
Complexify helps you to accurately gauge the quality of a user ’s password to give them visual feedback , and to enforce a minimum level of security .
Numberfy
With Numberfy you can integrate native support for line numbers in your website ’s text areas .
On every key press in the text area , the text area ’s current value is split into lines .
This script will not work in IE due to a bug in the text - wrap properties .
FormAccordion
A jQuery plugin for easily hiding and revealing related form fields conditionally .
You can use the library to give your forms a fade - out label .
This implementation makes the label slide across the field when gaining focus and fade out when a value is entered .
A fallback is provided as well .
An encryption system utilizing RSA and AES for JavaScript .
Web Typography Libraries and Plugins
Baseline.js
A jQuery plugin for restoring baselines thrown off by odd image sizes .
To use it , you just call the plugin passing the height of your baseline as a variable .
You can also define multiple baselines for different responsive breakpoints .
Developed by the development team of Financial Times , this library is essentially a polyfill that fixes the inadequacies of CSS column layouts .
With the library , you can provide configurable column widths , gutters and margins , define elements spanning columns , keep - with - next to avoid headings at the bottom of a column , group columns into pages and standardize line height to align text baseline to a grid .
A simple script that allows you to pass in a selector ( ideally the container where your primary content will go ) , which generates the ideal font size needed to produce the ideal measure for your text .
The script also generates a resolution - independent font - scale based on the ideal font - size .
Created by Josh Brewer .
The Widow Tamer is a small JavaScript library that automatically “ fixes ” typographic widows .
It ’s designed to work with responsive sites , fixing widows as it finds them on resize or orientation change .
With his article , Tim Brown inspired developers to release tools that adjust line - height for optimum readability on responsive websites .
The so - called molten - leading binds the height of the line to an element ’s minimum and maximum width .
j Query - minLineHeight is a jQuery plugin that works similarly with minimum and maximum width association .
This jQuery plugin helps you create scalable headlines that fill the width of a parent element in your fluid or responsive layouts .
You might want to check out Lettering .js as well to get a complete down - to - the - letter control of letters in your projects .
This library lets you kern , style , transform , and scale your Web type with CSS rules , automatically .
You can adjust pairings , introduce font conditionals and augment properties .
SlabText.js
The script splits headlines into rows before resizing each row to fill the available horizontal space .
The ideal number of characters to set on each row is calculated by dividing the available width by the pixel font - size – the script then uses this ideal character count to split the headline into word combinations that are displayed as separate rows of text .
Little Time - Savers
Joss Crowcroft has created an Open Source Exchange Rates API , which provides up - to - date , flexible and portable currency - conversion data that can be used in any application , framework or language ( not just JavaScript ) .
It has no access fees , no rate limits , no nasty XML : just free , hourly updated exchange rates in JSON .
Joss also built money.js , a JavaScript currency conversion library that can be easily integrated in any website .
A demo playground and detailed documentation are provided on the website , and the source code is available on GitHub .
This simple , tiny JavaScript library will solve your currency and numbers - related formatting hassles , and it even includes optional Excel - style column rendering to line up symbols and decimals .
It will make all of your numbers and currencies look much more uniform and professional .
Moment.js is a lightweight JavaScript library which lets you format , parse and manipulate dates .
You can add or subtract dates from one another , as well as parse things like Unix Timestamps .
Display options include formatted dates , time from now , difference , time from another moment , native date and support for leap years .
This little jQuery library provides you with an intelligent way of updating relative timestamps in your documents .
Smart Time
Ago checks and updates every 60 seconds the relative time , within a scope which you specify at the start .
It checks the newest time in your scope and tunes the checking time interval to a proper value .
The tool can be used as a jQuery plugin , or - if using node - can be installed from npm .
A little JavaScript library that takes an array of objects with TimeAgo properties and sorts them from newest to oldest .
Piecon is a tiny JavaScript library for dynamically generating progress pie charts in your favicons .
It has been tested to work in Chrome 15 + , Firefox 9 + and Opera 11 +.
Matt Williams ’ Notificon is a JavaScript library for creating favicon alerts and notifications .
Instead of having to create a number of favicons and serving them to the client , you can specify a label and a favicon ( the default being the current favicon ) , and it will generate a favicon notification for you .
The script currently works with Chrome 6+ , Firefox 2 + and Opera , but it ’s a nice little add - on for browsers that support it .
A problem : some of the images in the layout are very tall , so by the time you scrolled down to the bottom of the images , you would have to scroll back up just to read the description of the images or navigation items .
The solution : make the content sticky as you are scrolling .
This library solves this problem .
Human descriptions for a span of time are often fuzzier than a computer naturally computes .
For example , how long does “ in 1 month ” mean ?
We casually talk about four weeks , but in fact there is only one month in a year which is four weeks long .
Countdown.js tackles this problem by producing an accurate and intuitive description of timespans which are consistent as time goes on .
A small library to provide some basic geo functions like distance calculation , conversion of decimal coordinates to sexagesimal and vice versa .
Cookies.js is a small client - side JavaScript library that makes managing cookies easy .
It caches cookie values , making sequential reads faster , supports AMD / CommonJS loaders and is supported in Chrome , Firefox 3 + , Safari 4+ , Opera 10 + and Internet Explorer 6 +.
firstImpression.js is a micro-library ( 1 Kb minified ) that answers the simple question , “ Has this user visited this site before ? ”
The detection does n’t require much logic , so the majority of the code is just a plain JavaScript port of the popular jquery .
cookie plugin .
A lightweight templating JavaScript library that enables you to display tweets on your website .
Client - side caching is available ; and you can set if you ’d like to show retweets and replies , too .
A simple jQuery plugin to display the weather information for any location .
The data is pulled from the public Yahoo !
Weather feed via the YQL API .
A JavaScript library to zip and unzip files .
zip.js provides a low - level API for writing and reading large zip files ( up to 4GB with File Writer API ) .
Works with Chrome , Firefox , Safari 6 and ( unfortunately ) Internet Explorer 10 +.
With Safari 5 and IE9 , you must disable Web Workers and use a Typed Array polyfill .
A library that provides extra String methods to normalize text strings and manipulate them .
Images , Maps , Graphs and Visualization Libraries
jVectorMap is a jQuery plugin that renders SVG and VML vector maps in browsers ranging from the ancient Internet Explorer 6 to modern browsers .
jVectorMap uses JavaScript , CSS , HTML , SVG or VML , and no Flash or any other proprietary browser plugin is required .
If you often deal with government projects , university departments or any websites of sophisticated organizations , every now and again you ’ll be asked to design a nice visualization that would explain the various divisions , structures and internal hierarchy of those organizations .
Where do you start ?
Well , creating a Subway Map - alike visualization is an option worth considering .
This library allows you to easily use Google Maps in your projects .
Extensive documentation or large amount of code are n’t required anymore .
You might want to check out Gmap3 jQuery plugin as well .
Leaflet : Open -Source Interactive Maps With JavaScript
A library for creating tile - based interactive maps for desktop and mobile browsers .
An easy - to - use API is available , and the tool emphasizes usability , performance , flexibility and excellent browser support .
The library offers a variety of map layers , including tiles , markers , pop-ups , image overlays and GeoJSON .
It supports panning on both mobile and desktop browsers , double - tap zoom on mobile browsers ( plus multi - touch zoom on iOS ) and more .
On iOS , hardware acceleration is enabled , and Leaflet has a modular structure that lets you reduce the size of the library to make it even faster .
The project is open source and available for further development and forking on GitHub .
A JavaScript library which detects SVG images on your website and automatically “ looks ” for a standard image fallback for those older , less capable browsers .
Created by Ben Howdle and Jack Smith .
A script that checks each image on your website , when it ’s loaded by a user , and replaces low - resolution image with their high - resolution equivalent , if available .
It ’s assumed that you use Apple ’s high resolution modifier ( @ 2x ) to designate high resolution versions of images .
A JavaScript library for generating and animating gauges .
Based on Raphaël library for vector drawing , it ’s resolution - independent and works in all modern browsers .
A graph visualization library for building trees with connected nodes of data .
Arbor.js is essentially a layout algorithm with abstractions for graph organization and screen refresh handling .
This library is supposed to pull in media from different sources .
It has built - in support for pulling in data from Twitter , YouTube , Flickr , Vimeo , Google Maps and SoundCloud — and more will be included in the near future .
You can easily fill in data from a Google spreadsheet , or use a more detailed method such as JSON to create your time - line .
You can also host it on your website by using the Timeline jQuery plugin .
The library is available on GitHub , or as WordPress plugin .
Unicon is a Grunt.js task that makes it easy to manage icons and background images for all devices , preferring HD ( retina ) SVG icons but also provides fallback support for standard definition browsers , and old browsers alike .
From a CSS perspective , it ’s easy to use , as it generates a class referencing each icon , and does n’t use CSS sprites .
This device recognition library , gives websites the ability to gauge the users device capabilities before the image is requested from the server .
Judging display resolution and network speed , it customizes the img src attribute to optimize the websites image resolution to the individual users hardware .
This technique achieves an aesthetically pleasing visual effect .
The CSS3 box - shadow and border - radius properties are used to create the magnifying glass itself , while jQuery is used to detect the cursor coordinates and mouse movements and present the larger image .
And when your cursor moves off the image , the magnifying glass elegantly fades away .
The included tutorial makes it very easy to learn and understand how to achieve this effect .
The technique includes both a small and a large image in the markup , so optimizing the technique to load a larger image on demand might be a good idea .
This free and open source JavaScript toolkit provides the elements which you need to create interactive graphs , such as renderers , legends , hovers and range selectors .
Rickshaw is based on D3 , graphs are drawn with standard SVG and styled with CSS .
A JavaScript plotting library for jQuery , supports Internet Explorer 6 + , Chrome , Firefox 2+ , Safari 3 + and Opera 9.5+ .
You can use different types of graphs , use multiple axes , annotate a chart , update graphs with AJAX , provide support for zooming and interaction with the data points , use stacked charts , theresholding the data , apply pie charts and plot prerendered images .
Chronoline.js is a library that allows you to create a chronology time - line out of events on a horizontal timescale .
From a list of dates and events , it can generate a graphical representation of schedules , historical events , deadlines , and more .
This D3 plugin helps you to visualize time series and construct better real - time dashboards , pulling data from Graphite , Cube and other sources .
Cubism scales and reduces server load by pulling only the most recent values .
Cubism can scale easily to hundreds of metrics updating every ten seconds .
Cubism ’s horizon charts allow you to see many more metrics at - a - glance space than standard area charts .
An alternative library for creating fast , dynamic and interactive HTML5 visualizations .
A growing , curated collection of data visualization JavaScript libraries that make it easier to create meaningful and beautiful data visualizations .
If you have n’t one a useful data visualization library in the list above , you ’ll definitely find the right one in this overview .
Last Click
This HTML book is designed to get you comfortable working through common problems you ’ll be called upon to solve using jQuery .
You can read the content and try the various interactive examples .
Each chapter will cover a concept and give you a chance to try example code related to the concept .
Written by Rebecca Murphey and recently updated by her and the rest of the gang at Bocoup .
A JavaScript pattern and anti-pattern collection that covers function patterns , jQuery patterns , jQuery plugin patterns , design patterns , general patterns , literals and constructor patterns , object creation patterns , code reuse patterns , DOM and browser patterns .
A growing collection of documentation about the most quirky parts of the JavaScript programming language .
It gives advice to avoid common mistakes and subtle bugs , as well as performance issues and bad practices , that non-expert JavaScript programmers may encounter on their endeavors into the depths of the language .
Useful JavaScript and jQuery Libraries : Two Parts
Due to the length of this resource , it was split into two parts :
Share
This :
Ohio is an election battleground state with perennial problems at the polls .
So what have election officials in some precincts of the state been doing to keep their voting machines safe from tampering ?
Taking the machines home with them and stashing them in their garages in the days before a big election .
I swear , every time I think electronic voting machines have reached the limit of absurdity , someone pushes the limit farther out .
Now I learn that election workers have been taking the machines home with them If I ever needed more evidence that these election officials are completely clueless about security , this is it .
First is the foolishness of storing these in the garage -- I wonder , do these people store their life savings in the garage ?
No ?
Not secure enough , perhaps ?
But then suppose that a few election officials are slightly , um , less than fully trustworthy , with a personal bias or perhaps a desire to " deliver [ Ohio's ] electoral votes " to a certain candidate .
Somehow I think letting them take the machines home to play with for the night is a bad idea .
I 've offered many arguments against the use of voting machines .
Here 's one more : paper ballots are the only technology these officials comprehend .
I wonder if any of them would allow election workers to take full ballot boxes home for a few days , unsupervised , along with an ample supply of blank ballots .
( Hat tip to Bruce Schneier . )
So for context , these are the guns of a Daredevil villain named Tenfingers .
His nefarious superpower is that he has ten fingers on each hand .
So he needs guns with nine triggers ?
Fucking what ?
It ’s not like normal guns have four triggers .
Look !
You have normal guns right in the frame for reference !
How does nine triggers even fucking work on a single - barrel gun ?
Global Central Banks announce coordinated measures to address liquidity condition .
For release at 3:00 a.m. EDT
Today , the Bank of Canada , the Bank of England , the European Central Bank ( ECB ) , the Federal Reserve , the Bank of Japan , and the Swiss National Bank are announcing coordinated measures designed to address the continued elevated pressures in U.S. dollar short - term funding markets .
These measures , together with other actions taken in the last few days by individual central banks , are designed to improve the liquidity conditions in global financial markets .
The central banks continue to work together closely and will take appropriate steps to address the ongoing pressures .
Federal Reserve Actions
The Federal Open Market Committee has authorized a $ 180 billion expansion of its temporary reciprocal currency arrangements ( swap lines ) .
This increased capacity will be available to provide dollar funding for both term and overnight liquidity operations by the other central banks .
The FOMC has authorized increases in the existing swap lines with the ECB and the Swiss National Bank .
These larger facilities will now support the provision of U.S. dollar liquidity in amounts of up to $ 110 billion by the ECB , an increase of $ 55 billion , and up to $ 27 billion by the Swiss National Bank , an increase of $ 15 billion .
In addition , new swap facilities have been authorized with the Bank of Japan , the Bank of England , and the Bank of Canada .
These facilities will support the provision of U.S. dollar liquidity in amounts of up to $ 60 billion by the Bank of Japan , $ 40 billion by the Bank of England , and $ 10 billion by the Bank of Canada .
All of these reciprocal currency arrangements have been authorized through January 30 , 2009 .
Bank of Canada
Bank of Canada Action
The Bank of Canada and the Federal Reserve have agreed on a US $ 10 billion swap facility ( reciprocal currency arrangement ) to be accessed , should the need arise , to provide U.S. - dollar liquidity in Canada .
If drawn on by the Bank of Canada , the swap would provide liquidity facilities for use by financial institutions in Canada that are similar in nature to those being announced today by the other central banks .
This swap facility expires on 30 January 2009 .
This agreement provides the Bank of Canada with additional flexibility to address rapidly evolving developments in financial markets .
The Bank judges that it is not necessary for it to draw on this swap facility at this time , but that it is prudent to have the agreement in place .
Should the swap be drawn on , the details of the liquidity facilities provided would depend on the specific market circumstances at the time .
The Bank of Canada continues to closely monitor global market developments and remains committed to providing liquidity as required to support the stability of the Canadian financial system and the functioning of financial markets .
Bank of England
The Bank of England will offer to lend each day US dollar funds overnight against eligible collateral .
The first such operation will take place today .
The amount offered in each repo operation will initially be $ 40 bn .
This amount will be reviewed on a regular basis , in consultation with the other central banks .
The US dollar repo operations will take the form of an auction .
Eligible collateral will consist of securities routinely eligible in the Bank ’s short - term repo Open Market Operations together with conventional US Treasuries .
The Bank of England has concluded a reciprocal swap agreement ( swap line ) with the Federal Reserve .
Through this arrangement the Federal Reserve will provide the Bank of England with US dollar funding to facilitate these operations .
ECB
The Governing Council of the ECB has decided to reinforce its joint action with the Federal Reserve by adding an overnight maturity to its operations providing US dollar funding to Eurosystem counterparties and by increasing the amounts offered in the Term Auction Facility operations .
As regards the overnight US dollar funding , the Eurosystem shall conduct US dollar liquidity - providing operations with its counterparties against Eurosystem - eligible collateral , applying a variable rate tender procedure .
It is intended to continue the provision of US dollar liquidity for as long as needed in view of the prevailing market conditions .
The US dollars will be provided by the Federal Reserve to the ECB , up to USD 40 billion by means of a temporary reciprocal currency arrangement ( swap line ) .
The operational details can be obtained from the ECB 's website ( www.ecb.europa.eu).
As regards the Term Auction Facility operations , the Governing Council of the ECB has decided , in conjunction with the Federal Reserve , to increase the amount of US dollar liquidity provided to the counterparties of the Eurosystem to USD 25 billion for the 28 - days maturity operations , and to USD 15 billion for the 84 - days maturity operations .
Overall , the dollar funding operations conducted by the Eurosystem could reach an outstanding amount of USD 110 billion , compared to the current USD 50 billion .
Bank of Japan
At the unscheduled Monetary Policy Meeting held today , the Bank of Japan concluded a U.S. dollar swap agreement with the Federal Reserve of up to USD 60 billion and decided to introduce U.S. dollar funds - supplying operations , with the funds provided under the agreement , to supply U.S. dollar funds to market participants in Japan , in conjunction with the Federal Reserve .
The Bank will supply U.S. dollar funds appropriately in view of the prevailing market conditions .
The Bank will continue to strive to maintain market stability through money market operations .
Swiss National Bank
In consultation with the Federal Reserve , the Swiss National Bank has decided to step up its US dollar repo auctions .
The SNB will now hold US dollar repo auctions with a term of 1 day ( overnight ) on a daily basis and increase the volume of the previous auctions with a term of 28 and 84 days respectively .
The US dollar repo auctions ease access to US dollar liquidity for SNB counterparties .
Taking the market situation into account , the SNB plans to make US dollar liquidity available for as long as it considers this to be necessary .
Starting today , the SNB will hold US dollar auctions with a term of 1 day ( overnight ) on a daily basis , for an amount of up to USD 10 billion .
The volume of the outstanding US dollar repo transactions with a term of 28 days will be increased from USD 6 billion to USD 8 billion and the volume of repo transactions with a term of 84 days from USD 6 billion to USD 9 billion .
As before , these auctions will be held once every two weeks on an alternating basis .
An auction schedule with the respective volumes is available at www.snb.ch.
The maximum total amount outstanding for all terms is now USD 27 billion , as compared to the previous USD 12 billion .
Further information on the US dollar auction and the technical requirements will be posted on the SNB website ( www.snb.ch, under Financial markets / US dollar auctions ) .
The Federal Reserve will offer US dollar liquidity up to USD 27 billion within the framework of a mutual swap agreement ( swap line ) .
The character of the Labor Day celebration has undergone a palpable shift in recent years , especially in large industrial centers where mass displays and huge parades have given way to scaled - down parades , and neighborhood cookouts .
But long before Labor Day symbolized the end of summer , and the closing of the municipal pool , it was a celebration of this country ’s backbone – its laborers .
The first governmental recognition of Labor Day came through municipal ordinances passed during 1885 and 1886 .
In 1894 President Grover Cleveland declared Labor Day a national holiday .
Throughout the 20th century , the interests of labor groups were firmly entrenched in the populist vision and the platform of the Democratic Party .
But starting in the 1960s and 1970s , a chasm began to grow within the Democratic Party between the established interests of the labor movement and the emerging interests of the environmental movement .
For the next several decades , environmental groups and labor unions battled it out in the trenches of the Democratic Party , much to the pleasure of Republican operatives , who saw the internal tensions within the Democratic Party as politically advantageous .
However , a new phenomenon has emerged , moving these two natural allies back towards one another .
Focusing on the possibility of green collar jobs and a new energy economy , pro-labor and pro-environment coalitions are now dotting the political landscape with a coherent vision that combines the goals of environmental protection and job growth .
New organizations like the Apollo Alliance , and the BlueGreen Alliance have enabled big players in the environmental movement like the Sierra Club , the NRDC , and Greenpeace , to join forces with the United Steelworkers of America , AFL - CIO , the Service Employees International Union , and even the Teamsters Union , to push forward with a clean energy / job growth agenda .
An agenda that certainly makes some sectors of established corporate interests very nervous .
JIm Hoffa ’s recent announcement that the Teamsters Union would withdrawal from the ANWR coalition , cited the need to build a green economy that fosters the development of alternative energy sources and creates good union jobs — instead of lining the pockets of big oil tycoons .
Hoffa said :
“ The environment has paid an even heavier price .
Global warming is for real .
Air pollution is killing people and making our children sick .
And you know what ?
We share some of the blame .
In the past , we were forced to make a false choice .
The choice was : Good Jobs or a Clean Environment .
We were told no pollution meant no jobs .
If we wanted clean air , the economy would suffer and jobs would be sent overseas .
Well guess what ?
We let the big corporations pollute and the jobs went overseas anyway .
We did n’t enforce environmental regulations and the economy still went in the toilet .
The middle class got decimated and the environment is on the brink of disaster .
Well I say ENOUGH IS ENOUGH !
No more false divides .
The future , if we are to prosper as a nation , will lie in a green economy … . ”
Hoffa went on to say :
“ We are not going to drill our way out of the energy problems we are facing — not here and not in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge .
We must find a long - term approach that breaks our dependence on foreign oil by investing in the development of alternate energy sources like solar , wind and geothermal power . ”
The false choice of ‘ economy versus the environment ’ that Hoffa speaks of has been the critical component of virtually every single argument against a progressive energy and environmental policy this country has ever seen .
It is on this false choice that big business and anti-environment groups have successfully prevented the United States from enacting energy and environmental policies that protect the interests of hard - working American families .
Fortunately , the arguments underpinning this false dichotomy are eroding as millions of Americans of all stripes begin to see that economic well - being and environmental protection are entirely compatible .
So , this Labor Day , do n’t be worried if you find yourself tending to a crowded grill full of hot dogs , veggie burgers , grass - fed beef hamburgers , and tofu dogs – because there ’s plenty of room to cook all of them .
Related Posts :
© Stephen Finn | Dreamstime.com
WHOLESALE PRICES WHOLESALE PRICES WASHINGTON 
Inflation will likely ease in coming months , but prices are expected to stay elevated , keeping pressure on consumers , businesses and the Federal Reserve .
Wholesale prices rose 9.8 % in the 12 months ended in July , the fastest annual pace in 27 years , the government said Tuesday .
The report showed inflation was spreading into a wide range of goods outside of just energy and food .
The news helped push stock prices lower .
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 131 points , or 1.1 % , to 11,349 .
But analysts say they expect the inflation picture to gradually improve in coming months in light of the recent drop in the price of oil and other commodities .
And a marked slowing in the global economy will make it harder for companies to pass along increased costs .
" Inflation pressures have peaked , " Ken Mayland , president of ClearView Economics , said in a note to clients .
Joel Naroff of Naroff Economic
Advisors notes it will take time , however , for price pressures to subside .
" It took a long time for the surge in commodity prices to seep into the general economy , so do n't expect one month of commodity price declines to suddenly turn off the inflation pump . "
The producer price index , a measure of prices charged for goods by factories , farmers and wholesalers before they reach the retail level , rose a seasonally adjusted 1.2 % in July , the Labor Department said .
Energy prices were up 28 % from a year earlier .
Prices rose for electricity and natural gas , and wholesale heating oil costs were up 80.6 % from a year earlier .
Food prices were up 8.7 % from July 2007 .
But wholesale inflation was not limited to the usual culprits , suggesting high costs for energy and other crude products are seeping into the prices for a wide array of goods such as clothes , cars and jewelry .
Outside of food and energy , producer prices rose 0.7 % in July .
So - called core prices , up 3.6 % over 12 months , posted their biggest yearly gain since 1991 .
Last week , the government said prices at the consumer level in July were up 5.6 % from a year ago , also the largest increase since 1991 .
Oil prices have fallen 21 % since peaking July 3 .
Tuesday , the price of a barrel of crude oil for September delivery rose $ 1.66 to $ 114.53 .
Despite the decline , the price of oil is still more than twice as high as it was a year ago , putting upward pressure on inflation .
Price pressures have the Federal Reserve in an uncomfortable bind .
While the Fed usually raises rates to curb inflation , a slow economy has forced policymakers to sit on the sidelines .
Meanwhile , Dallas Fed President Richard Fisher in a speech Tuesday said the Fed must be prepared to raise rates if inflation does not ease .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
When BarackObamaIsYourNewBicycle.com went up on February 13 , 2008 , it was n’t a big deal .
The site ’s author , San Francisco blogger and journalist Mathew Honan , publicized it only with a short snippet on his Twitter page .
The design was Spartan : a white background with large - point , all - caps text describing imaginary , mundane good deeds performed by the Democratic presidential candidate .
For example : “ Barack Obama left a comment on your blog ” ; “ Barack Obama helped you move a sofa . ”
A day after the site launched , the site got play on Technorati.com , trickling upward to Andrew Sullivan , the The Economist , and Time , bringing in thousands of visitors .
The site seemed to resonate with people , or at least amuse them .
Within 48 hours , imitators had sprung up , among them JohnMcCainIsYourJalopy.com
( “ John McCain thinks you need a haircut , hippie ” ) and HillaryClintonIsYourNewBicycle.com .
Now that Obamamania is in full swing ( what with the tide of “ Obamacons ” and books on Obamanomics ) , it ’s not completely surprising that Honan has a book deal from Gotham Books for a little paperback based on his site .
It debuts August 5 . ( Note : Honan is a former Mother Jones intern and contributor . )
Mother Jones :
What was the genesis of the site ?
Mathew Honan : My wife Harper and I are both avid cyclists .
Harper is absolutely consumed with cycling ; it ’s what she talks about all the time .
Just before Super Tuesday she just went full - bore Obama .
It was all she could focus on .
She was canvassing , making phone calls , spent all Super Tuesday standing outside with Obama signs around town .
So I said to her , “ Barack Obama is your new bicycle . ”
She thought it was funny ; I thought it was funny .
And then on February 13 , I was going home from the library on the bus and I started thinking how Barack Obama is kind of like the whole country ’s new bicycle .
I had the idea for the site around 5 p.m. , and it was live by around 9 p.m .
MJ : Which of the imitator sites is your favorite ?
MH : The first one to go up was RonPaulIsYourNewBicycle.com , and that ’s still my favorite .
[ Sample entry : “ Ron Paul is pretty sure the guy across the street is CIA . ” ]
It was kind of the most clever ; it had something to say .
Later on there was HillaryClintonIsYourNewBicycle.com and then SteveJobsIsYourNewBicycle.com and after that I just stopped keeping track .
The backlash sites started after that .
It just went completely viral .
MJ : Why do you think it ’s been so popular ?
MH : I think to some extent it is kind of an empty vessel .
I ’ve had people convinced it ’s an anti-Obama site .
I ’ve had people convinced it ’s a pro-Obama site .
And I did n’t intend it as either of those things .
I was just trying to comment on the fervor there is for Obama and the excitement that he has generated in his supporters .
I think it was popular because people who did n’t necessarily support Obama found it funny .
MJ : So you have all these things about Barack on the site , that he saved his dessert for you , he set your voice as his ringtone .
But what do you really like about Obama ?
MH :
The two things I like best about him are that first , he is electable , which is important to me in a way it did n’t used to be .
I ’m 35 and he ’s the first person where I believe in the candidate and I believe in his ability to make it to the White House .
Second , I do get the sense that he ’s someone who can begin to bring the country together more so than we ’ve seen in the past 16 years .
The past two administrations have been progressively more polarizing , and it ’s fundamentally bad when our society has two tribes in opposition , and when you have someone ostensibly leading the country who 49 percent of the country hates .
MJ : Have you had any response from Obama ?
MH : Some of his bloggers put it on his campaign blog and put links to it .
But I have n’t heard a peep from [ campaign people ] , and I do n’t know if that ’s good or bad .
Though , Barack Obama has a Flickr site , and one of the things I put on the site was “ Barack Obama favorited your photo , ” and he did favorite my photo on Flickr .
Or someone from his campaign did .
So that was kind of neat .
I do n’t think they mind it .
CASE STUDY Booz Allen Hamilton , the US Navy & SEER - H A lack of early estimation data for the Navy 's AEHF Terminal program left some question marks around how best to move things forward .
Leveraging SEER-H , Booz Allen Hamilton was able to create a business case analysis to give the Navy the insight they needed to get things back on track .
Read More
CASE STUDY
The IRS : Using SEER - IT to Modernize Complex IT Processes Anticipating extensive growth in their software and Information Technology ( IT ) estimating requirements , the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) leveraged SEER - IT to assist in modernizing their software process and to increase productivity without adding personnel .
Read More
CASE STUDY Galorath Federal : Database Development and Data Analysis
As the U.S. Military has increased its dependency on highly technical solutions throughout the chain of command , the need to better understand the cost components of every decision have dramatically increased .
Galorath Federal has assisted in analyzing thousands of data points to better help senior leaders make more informed project decisions .
Read More
CASE STUDY Should Cost Estimating in the Supply Chain
When a major Aerospace and Defense contractor was directed to implement Value Engineering for all Supply Chain organizations across multiple business sectors , they elected to work with Galorath 's Engineering Services team to help create a more effective and efficient estimating process .
Read More
CASE STUDY
Using the Galorath Team to Create ' Job Shop ' Estimation Efficiencies
For a mid-sized manufacturing firm that creates precision Aerospace parts in small batches , understanding the costs that go into a work package is critical to understanding the profitability of a project request .
Utilizing SEER -MFG + SEER - 3D , the firm was able to create a low - effort model that could quickly give management the insight they needed to make proper decisions .
Read More
CASE STUDY Galorath Federal : Successful Major Systems Acquisition Support The Federal branch of Galorath has become a go - to for U.S. Military programs , including Acquisition Category ( ACAT 1 ) major systems acquisition support of the Integrated Personnel and Pay System - Army ( IPPS - A ) program .
Read More
CASE STUDY Putting a Man On Mars : New Tech Requires New Cost Estimates
Although manned missions to Mars are likely still a few decades away , NASA is already working to understand what a crewed launch vehicle utilizing innovative technologies will take .
With limited options for shared data points , Galorath worked with NASA to create an estimation methodology that could give quality insight into the costs and resources required to make this dream a reality .
Read More
CASE STUDY Analyzing Vendor Proposals with Galorath Estimation Success Packages
For a large telecom provider in India , the process of reviewing and accepting outsourced bids was becoming unruly .
Utilizing the SEER - SEM tool and should - cost methodology , Â Galorath helped the organization create proposal consistencies which ensured that everyone on both sides of the proposal process were speaking the same language .
Read More
CASE STUDY TASC : Leveraging SEER -SEM to Measure Internal Software Solutions
To handle the company 's rapid growth of over 20 % every year , TASC needed to better measure productivity improvements within their software development team .
SEER - SEM provided the perfect solution to help them monitor effectiveness and create a more efficient process across the entire team .
Read More
Read the latest updates for COVID - 19 from CAA North & East Ontario .
Announcement for planned maintenance Sept. 30 to Oct. 1 , 2020 .
During this time , some CAA services may not be available , including online Membership joins , My Account , and select online roadside services , such as Service Tracker and online requests .
Fired Alaskan Official Says Palin Has n't Been Truthful Monegan says he was dismissed for his refusal to fire Governor 's former in - law .
Sept. 4 , 2008  --
The fired Alaskan official , whose dismissal has become the subject of a state senate committee 's investigation of Gov. Sarah Palin , has told ABC News that she has not been entirely truthful on the matter .
In a telephone interview Wednesday , Walt Monegan , the former Alaskan Public Safety Commissioner , said he was dismissed because he refused to fire the Governor 's former brother - in - law , a state trooper .
" I believe I was fired because of , primarily the reason of her former brother - in - law , " Monegan said .
" I think that my unwillingness to take special action against her former brother - in - law was not well received . "
Monegan says he believes that the Governor has not told the truth about what happened .
" I think there are some questions now that , coming to light about how transparent and how honest she wants to be , " Monegan said .
The allegation against the Governor , which she denies , is that she wanted her former brother - in - law fired and pushed the Monegan to do it .
Palin has said she did nothing wrong and that she fired Monegan over a disagreement with him on budget priorities .
But the head of the state senate committee , a Democrat , now investigating the allegations says it smacks of abuse of power .
" You should never use your public office to settle a private score , " said Sen. Hollis French .
" And that 's what the legislature is looking into , to what degree did the Governor 's personal family relationship inject or get introduced into her work as Governor . "
Palin has denied that Monegan 's dismissal has anything to do with a family feud .
" It has absolutely nothing to do with replacing the Commissioner as we are trying to move forward with more energy in a new department , " the Governor said in July .
But Palin 's denials began to be challenged with the release of an audio tape of a telephone call between a member of her staff , Frank Bailey , and a state police official .
Bailey asks the officials why there 's been reluctance to fire the brother in law .
" The Palins can't figure out why nothing 's going on .
And here 's the problem that 's gonna happen is that , there is a possibility because Wooten is an ex-husband of the governor 's sister , and there is a custody situation , there is a strong possibility that the Governor herself may get subpoenaed to talk about all this stuff on the stand .
Right in the coming months , which would be , it would be ugly , " Bailey says .
" I mean , you know , I do n't think anybody wants that .
But you know , Todd and Sarah are scratching their heads , you know , why on Earth -- why is this guy still representing the department ? , " he asks .
And then later , a more direct reference to the commissioner Walt Monegan .
" I 'm telling you honestly , I mean , she really likes Walt a lot , but on this issue , she feel like she does n't know why there is absolutely no action for a year on this issue .
It 's very , very troubling to her and the family , " Bailey said .
The Governor has told reporters in Alaska the phone call was harmless .
" It seemed to be he just inquiring I think trying to process what do you do if there are complaints against a trooper and what is the status of this trooper , " Palin said last month .
" Though you will hear on the CD that it does sound like he 's calling on behalf of the Governor , Sarah , he refers to me as Sarah .
He 's asking on behalf of me , " she explained .
But Sen .
French says the issue has resulted in a credibility gap for the Governor .
" There 's the issue of the Frank Bailey call suggesting that the Palins are upset , the Palins are confused , the Palins do n't understand why this person is still working for the Department of Public Safety , " said French .
" So I believe there 's evidence out there that 's going to be damaging to the Governor 's position . "
As for Monegan , he says he is disappointed in a woman for whom he once had high regard .
" It disappoints me and it 's because I expected more from her .
I expected so much more and I just wish it hadn't , " Monegan said .
" None of this gives me either pride or pleasure being involved in this because I 've been part of the government .
Bottom line is I would like to see the truth , that 's all . "
Click Here for the Investigative Homepage .
The Best Way to Cook Bacon
I love bacon .
I mean I really love it .
Good American bacon - the crunchy kind , not that flabby stuff you get in other countries .
At the risk of offending entire religions and regions , I think much of the unrest in the world is because too many people do n't know the joy of bacon .
Almost no one who has tasted bacon would willingly blow themselves up or start shooting at someone else .
Bacon is worth living for .
But , it can be a real challenge to cook bacon well .
Frying it is a mess .
Microwaving has inconsistent results .
Plus , neither scales well to the large amounts of bacon needed for a big brunch ( or just me on a Sunday morning . )
The secret is to bake the bacon in the oven .
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F ( 220 degrees C or gasmark 7 ) Take a large cookie sheet with a lip and cover it in aluminum foil .
I like the wide heavy duty stuff that can cover the tray with a single piece .
Arrange the bacon on the sheet without overlapping .
Bake for six minutes .
Turn the cookie sheet around 180 degrees .
Bake for another 4 - 7 minutes depending on your oven and how crispy you like your bacon .
Lift the bacon out with tongs and set on a plate covered in paper towels .
I dab the tops with another paper towel too .
Result : piles of perfectly cooked bacon for your dining pleasure .
All of the bacon grease is in the pan on top of the foil .
Once it cools down you can lift out the foil and throw it all away .
No mess .
Better still , you can spoon out the fat to scramble eggs in ( because what goes better with hot bacon than eggs scrambled in bacon fat ? )
Beet greens or spinach stir fried in bacon fat with crumbled bacon on top is delicious too .
The turning around part is the magic move .
Most ovens do n't heat evenly .
By turning the tray around , you ensure all the bacon cooks evenly .
It 's really amazing to me how evident the heat variation is when you see the bacon .
If you want more bacon ( and who does n't ) , stick more cookie sheets in the oven at the same time .
You can do tons at once this way with no additional time and minimal additional effort .
Here are the cool bits about this recipe :
I 've read a variation of this recipe that recommends putting a wire rack in the cookie sheet to keep the bacon out of the fat .
I tried it .
The results are n't any better , the bacon sticks to the rack , and the rack is a mess to clean up .
Stick to the simple solution above .
While I 'm at it , I 'll put in a plug for Niman Ranch bacon .
This is the real deal .
Thick cut , smoky , and meaty , this stuff is made from happy , pesticide - free , free range pigs that lead productive , satisfying lives and died in the prime of their tastiness for you and me .
Oh man , this stuff is good as is everything from Niman Ranch .
Go get some today ( Trader Joe 's carries the stuff as do other good stores . )
Mmm , salty , rich , crunchy , and meaty .
What 's not to love ?
※以下の文章はブルース・シュナイアー『 セキュリティはなぜやぶられたのか』の受け売りなので、未読の人はとっとと買って読んだ方がよっぽどためになります。
要約
Googleマップの 「ストリートビュー」機能に関する議論の多くは、これをプライバシー問題として捉えているが、ほとんど議論がかみ合っていないばかりか、なぜかみ合っていないのか当人たちもわかっていない。この問題をセキュリティの観点から捉えなおすと、守るべき資産価値やリスクの算出方法が個人個人の主観をよりどころにしていることがわかり、なぜ議論がかみ合わないのかが明らかになり、ネットでの議論よりも有効なアクションが見えてくる。
セキュリティと は
『セキュリティはなぜやぶられたのか』によれば、人生はセキュリティの連続である。旅行に使う交通機関を選ぶのもセキュリティだし、賞味期限切れ牛乳を飲むかどうかの判断もセキュリティだ。人間だけでなく、生きとし生けるものはすべてに適用可能な普遍的な考え方なので、プライバシー問題のように「昔はプライバシーなんて概念はなかった」などという主張で煙に巻かれる心配がない。
セキュリティとは 「 守りたい資産の価値 」 と「セキュリティ対策にともなうコスト(とリスクの増減)」とのトレードオフを考えることだ。セキュリティの評価には以下の5段階を踏み、最後のトレードオフによって対策を採用するかどうかを判断する。
守るべき資産は何か その資産はどのようなリスクにさらされているのか セキュリティ対策によって、リスクはどれだけ低下するのか セキュリティ対策によって、どのようなリスクがもたらされるか 対策にはどれほどのコストとどのようなトレードオフが付随するか
本書は豊富な事例が特長なので、ストリートビュー問題も仮想的な事例を想定しつつ考えてみよう。
仮想事 例 ( 1 ) 快適全裸生 活
まずは高木浩光さんのすばらしいフィールドワークに敬意を表して、高い塀に囲まれた一軒家の住人を創造しよう。この人物(読者の妄想の妨げにならないように性別は定めない)は、窓を開け放したリビングで、全裸で寛ぐことを至上の喜びとしているとする。住人にとって守るべき資産は、誰にも覗かれることなく全裸生活をエンジョイすることであり、この資産は家の周囲からの覗き見というリスクにさらされている。
ストリートビュー登場以前には、低層住宅地に家を建て、周囲に高さ180cmの塀を張り巡らせることで、カジュアルな覗き見を排除。また監視カメラを設置することで意図的な覗き行為に対する抑止力とした。この対策では身長2mを超える人物によるカジュアルな覗き見を排除できないが、これ以上高い塀を作るコスト上昇に比べてリスクが少なすぎると判断、トレードオフを飲んだ。日本においては適切な妥協だろう。
さて、この幸せな裸族の住む世界に、ストリートビューを投入する。新たに「偶然撮影された裸体を全世界に公開される」というリスクが加わることになる。ストリートビュー登場以前には考慮する価値がないとして切り捨てていたレベルのリスクだが、この時点で対策を検討すべきレベルまで上昇した(と住人は判断した ) 。
Googleのプリウスに対し監視カメラによる抑止力は期待できないので、このリスクへの対策として考えられるのは、[ 1]さらに塀を高くする(金銭的コスト上昇 ) か、[ 2]自宅の写真がストリートビューに登場しだい削除依頼をする(時間的コスト上昇および心理的負担増)、のいずれかである(「車で行けないような僻地に引っ越す」のような現実的ではない対策はあらかじめ除外する ) 。
ここで重要なのは、住人にとっての「全裸生活の価値」や、ストリートビューによってもたらされた「新たなリスクの大きさ」を算出する基準が、この住人の内部にしかない点である。他人が「服着ればいいじゃん」とか「カーテン閉めろよ」と指摘することにはなんの意味もないし、「偶然裸体を撮られる確率はきわめて小さいよ」というアドバイスも「万が一公開されて広まったら手の施しようがない」という損失の大きさの前には無力かも知れない。セキュリティにおいてトレードオフは「主観」であり、他人がとやかく言えるものではないのだ。
ところがプライバシーに立脚したストリートビュー問題の議論では、こういうやりとりが平気で行われている。まったく不毛な話である。人が何を大切に感じるかどうかなど、他人に指示できるわけがない。
仮想事 例( 2 ) 監視カメラを避ける 人
「 ストリートビューなんて街角の監視カメラと変わらない」という意見が見られるので、次の登場人物は、政府や警察に対して強い猜疑心を持ち、街角に設置されている監視カメラに日ごろから警戒心を抱いている、という設定。出歩くときはサングラスと帽子で人物を特定されないように気を配っているとか、過去に国家権力から痛い目に合わされた経験があるとか、そういう妄想によるリアリティの補強はご自由に。
この人にとっての資産は 「自分の行動履歴をコントロールできる自由」であり、常時稼動していて犯罪捜査を理由に簡単に権力者の手に渡りかねない監視カメラは、リスクの高い、セキュリティ対策を必要とするレベルの「脅威」だと言える。なにしろ監視カメラは、映像の削除を依頼することも、一時的な停止依頼もできないので、明らかに自分のコントロール下になく、なんらかの自衛によるリスク低減策しかとれない。
さて、この人物にとってストリートビューはどういう扱いになるか。ストリートビューは常時稼動ではないので、何か見られて困るときに周囲を見回してカメラを搭載したプリウスが接近していないかに気を配るだけでよい。自宅では窓にブラインドをかけておけば十分だ。また、運悪く撮影された場合にも、Googleに依頼すれば画像を削除してもらえる。つまりストリートビューは自分で自分の情報をコントロールできるので、リスクは低く、許容できるということになる。
しかし、立場が違えば180度異なる話にもなる。基本的に権力組織は信用してよいと考えていて(「権力には責任が伴うものだ!」)、監視カメラの映像は(事故で流出でもしない限り)公開されないと信じられる十分な理由があると考えている人物の場合、監視カメラは脅威ではない。一方、営利企業は利益のためならなんでもやりかねないと考えるなら、Googleの脅威は政府より上だ。特にストリートビューはいまどきの誠実な企業なら決してやらない「オプトアウト」方式の運営をしている。自分の知らないうちに不利な情報を公開されるかわからない、怖い、対策が必要だ……という(主観に基づく)ロジックは十分に説得力がある。
監視カメラを脅威と感じる前者も、ストリートビューを脅威と感じる後者も、どちらも主観的に判断している点に注意して欲しい。脅威の大きさを測る尺度はその人の内にしか存在しない。
あなたは何をすべき か
ストリートビュー問題を取り巻く「私はあれを気持ち悪いと思う 」
「いやおれは気持ち悪くない」の応酬は、単なる意見表明合戦にすぎない。全員が異なる資産を持ち、それを脅かすリスクについて別々の尺度で語る場で、議論など成立するわけがない。そういうことにネットは向いていないのだ。
( 特にストリートビューに脅威を感じている)あなたがすべきなのは以下の行動だ:
守るべき資産を明確にする : ストリートビューから何を守りたいのか、それはどれほどの価値を持つ資産なのかを明確にする。これができるのはあなただけだ。
対策コストを算出する : ストリートビューという脅威から、その資産を守るために必要な対策方法とそのコスト(導入後に受けることになる新たなリスクを含む)を計算する。ここまでやらずに「気持ち悪い」と漏らしてるだけならただのダダっ子。「Googleのせいでこれだけの損害が出る」とちゃんと言えるようにしよう。もちろん主観ベースでかまわない。
トレードオフを見極めてセキュリティ対策を実施する : 引き換えに失うものがほとんどないなら、とっととその対策を導入するのが吉だろう。一方、コスト的に見合わないなど、導入が困難な対策なら、対外的にアクションを取ることを検討すべきだ。
脅威にさらされる資産が完全に個人的なものなのであれば、個人としてGoogleに対してそのコストを請求することを考えても良いだろう。この件で損害賠償請求をするのは正当な権利だと思う。
個人的に行動するのに抵抗があるのであれば、あなたが訪ねるべきは町内会長や自治会役員だ。地域住民の間でストリートビューを脅威とみなすコンセンサスを得られれば、自治体を動かすのはけっこう簡単なはずだ。最近話題の東京大田区の空白地域、あれはGoogleが空気を読んだからだという憶測もあるが、もしかするとセキュリティ意識の高い住民が先手を打ってGoogleの侵入を阻止したのかもしれない。地域ぐるみでの抗議には、Googleも耳を貸すだろうし、もし反応が悪ければより上位の自治体にエスカレーションしても良い。少なくともネットでクダを巻いてるよりは、ずっと現実味のある行動だ。
昨年自治会の役員をやった経験から、個人的には最後のアクションをおすすめする。けっこう真剣に対応してくれるはずだ。
ネット上には、カメラの位置を下げればよいとか、人物や屋内を写真に入れないようにすればいいという案があふれているが、すでに膨大なデータが公開状態にあるのに、そんなの悠長な話をしている場合じゃないだろう。それなら地域別に「ここから先はGoogle進入禁止」と線引きしてしまって、少なくとも自宅周辺をガードする方が早くて確実だと思うね。
セキュリティはなぜやぶられたのか
ブルース・シュナイアー
日経BP
￥910
( CNN ) -- When Sen. Barack Obama accepts his party 's presidential nomination at the Democratic National Convention in Denver , Colorado , he will have experienced one of the most rapid -- and unexpected -- ascents in American political history .
Barack Obama entered politics in 1996 , when he was elected unopposed to the Illinois state Senate .
more photos »
Obama , an Illinois Democrat , burst onto the national stage in 2004 , when he electrified the convention with a keynote address that called for the end of the divisive politics that have pitted Americans against each other .
" There 's not a liberal America and a conservative America ; there is the United States of America .
There 's not a black America and a white America and Latino America and Asian America ; there is the United States of America , " Obama told the delegates .
It was a message Obama may have been uniquely able to deliver , because he has straddled divisions his entire life .
Born in Hawaii in 1961 , Obama is the son of a black man from Kenya and a white woman from Kansas .
When Obama was 2 , his father left Hawaii to pursue a degree at Harvard University and later returned to Kenya ; Obama saw him only once when he was growing up .
See Obama timeline »
" All my life , I had carried a single image of my father , one that I had sometimes rebelled against but had never questioned , one that I had later tried to take as my own .
The brilliant scholar , the generous friend , the upstanding leader -- my father had been all those things , " Obama said in his 1995 autobiography , " Dreams from My Father . "
Test your knowledge of Obama »
" All those things and more , because except for that one brief visit in Hawaii , he had never been present to foil the image , because I had n't seen what perhaps most men see at some point in their lives : their father 's body shrinking , their father 's best hopes dashed , their father 's face lined with grief and regret . "
Obama later lived with his mother and stepfather in Indonesia until age 10 , when he moved back to Hawaii to live with his maternal grandparents .
In his autobiography , Obama describes a troubled adolescence in which he struggled with his biracial identity .
He acknowledges that he used marijuana and cocaine .
After high school , Obama attended college in Los Angeles , California , and New York before working as a community organizer on the south side of Chicago , Illinois , from 1985 to 1988 .
He attended Harvard Law School , where he became the first black president of the prestigious Harvard Law Review , and returned to Chicago after graduating in 1991 to work as a civil rights lawyer and teach constitutional law .
There he met his future wife , Michelle Robinson , a Chicago native .
Watch Michelle Obama talk about her husband 's style »
Obama 's career as a politician began in 1996 , when he was elected unopposed to the Illinois state Senate .
While in office , he helped pass welfare reform legislation , a state earned - income tax credit , ethics reform and a bill requiring the videotaping of police interrogations and confessions in murder cases .
Obama first took a stab at national politics when he challenged Rep. Bobby Rush , a Chicago Democrat and a former Black Panther , in 2000 .
Obama lost badly to Rush in the Democratic primary , but , four years later , he made a second attempt to be elected to Congress , running as the Democratic candidate from Illinois for the U.S. Senate .
See Obama on the campaign trail »
After his speech at the national convention and scandals involving his Republican challenger , Obama won by a wide margin and arrived in Washington with national prominence , a rarity for a freshman senator .
He was often mentioned as a future presidential nominee .
That White House bid came much sooner than many had expected .
After just three years in the Senate , Obama formed a presidential exploratory committee in January 2007 and one month later launched his presidential campaign on the steps of the old Statehouse in Springfield , Illinois .
At the time , Obama 's chances of winning the Democratic presidential nomination appeared to be a long shot .
Hillary Clinton , the senator from New York and former first lady , was viewed as the candidate to beat , and many more experienced contenders -- including fellow senators Joe Biden of Delaware and Christopher Dodd of Connecticut , former Sen. John Edwards and New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson -- were running to be the " un-Hillary " candidate .
Although Clinton continued to enjoy a large lead throughout 2007 , Obama emerged as her main challenger and slowly began to erode her lead in the polls .
Clinton's " inevitable " status cracked when Obama won the Iowa caucuses in January .
She came in a surprising third , with 29 percent , just behind Edwards , who had 30 percent .
The New York senator was able to become the latest " comeback kid " in the Clinton family when she won the New Hampshire primary three days later , and the race essentially turned into a two - person contest that latest throughout the spring .
After Obama won the South Carolina primary and the two candidates split the Super Tuesday contests -- Clinton won large states like California and New York , but Obama won more states -- Obama won 13 straight contests in February and built a sizeable lead in pledged delegates .
After Obama 's winning streak , some within the party began calling for Clinton to drop out of the race , but she kept her campaign alive by winning in Pennsylvania , Texas and Ohio .
Throughout the primary season , Obama fought constant rumors that were circulated via anonymous e-mail messages and Web sites , including rumors that he was a Muslim ( he is a Christian ) and that he was educated at a madrassa when he lived in Indonesia .
CNN and other media organizations debunked the madrassa rumor by traveling to Indonesia and finding that the school Obama attended was a secular institution that taught the Koran as part of a basic religious class .
As the protracted primary fight headed into March , Obama 's relationship with the Rev. Jeremiah Wright , his onetime pastor at Trinity United Church of Christ in Chicago , came under scrutiny after video of Wright 's sermon 's circulated on the Internet .
In one of the most controversial clips , Wright says blacks should sing " God damn America " rather than " God Bless America " after the attacks of September 11 .
Although many viewed the media scrutiny of Wright 's sermons as an attack on the black church , Obama repudiated Wright 's comments and made a major speech on race .
He eventually left Trinity , the church where he was married and where his two daughters were baptized .
In April , before the Pennsylvania primary , comments Obama made at a private fundraiser in San Francisco , California , drew further criticism .
He said that many Americans in small towns in Pennsylvania and across the Midwest were " bitter " because of their declining economic situation , which , he suggested , caused them to " cling to guns or religion . "
The comments , posted on the Huffington Post Web site , drew charges that Obama was an " elitist " from Clinton and his conservative critics .
The criticisms echoed those made when Michelle Obama said during an appearance in Milwaukee , Wisconsin , in February , that " for the first time in my adult lifetime , I am really proud of my country . "
Despite Obama 's stumbles , Clinton was not able to overcome his lead in the pledged delegate count , although the Democratic contest continued until the final contests in Montana and South Dakota on June 3 .
That night , Obama , before a raucous crowd in Minneapolis , Minnesota , declared that he would be the Democratic nominee , and in an emotional speech , Clinton conceded the race and threw her support to Obama four days later .
It was an outcome that few would have predicted when the voting began in January , and , as the Democrats gather in Denver , they will be making history by naming Obama the first African - American nominee of a major party .
All About Barack Obama • U.S. Presidential Election
Regulations are not always good .
For example :
In Alabama it is illegal to recommend shades of paint without a license .
In Nevada it is illegal to move any large piece of furniture for purposes of design without a license .
In fact , hundreds of people have been prosecuted in Alabama and Nevada for practicing “ interior design ” without a license .
Getting a license is no easy task , typically requiring at least 4 years of education and 2 years of apprenticeship .
Why do we need licenses laws for interior designers ?
According to the American Society of Interior Designers ( ASID ) because ,
Every decision an interior designer makes in one way or another affects the health , safety , and welfare of the public .
This hardly passes the laugh test .
In a lot of ways I am really glad that my children have grown and left home .
When they were growing up all we as parents had to worry about was sex , drugs and rock n‘ roll .
Now parents have to worry about sex , drugs and the Internet – or at least the bad and evil Internet as propagated by the mainstream media .
The evils of IRC ( Internet relay chat for you young ‘ uns out there ) and ICQ are now replaced by MySpace stalking , Bebo suicides , and Second Life drugs and porn .
Next , it will be the dangers of Twitter and the hidden terrors of Facebook .
It is all about using scare tactics to drive up ratings , but in the end parents are left scared and not knowing what to do .
The fact is that with our constant push forward with social media and the increasing move to live our lives openly on the Web , the truths behind some of these big media scare tactics will happen more and more .
Michael Masnick points to a recent study bemoaning the fact that the parents are n’t living up to their responsibilities by monitoring their kids .
As Michael says though :
Of course , the simple fact is that parents are never going to be able to fully monitor what their kids do online ( at least without seriously pissing off their kids ) .
If kids want to chat online , they 're going to find a way to be able to do so .
Perhaps rather than focusing so much on spying on everything that kids do , the focus should be more on educating them to the dangers that are out there , the laws that they should be aware of and the risks of not obeying them .
As easy and intellectual as that might be to say it is an entirely different matter if you are a single mother raising your children who are constantly texting who knows who or chatting online with people who the mother has no idea of who they are .
Half the time the kids themselves may not even really know who it is on the other end of that high speed connection .
It does no good though to scare the parents or to blame them for the conditions under which their children are growing up because they have no control of their own in many cases .
Parents in fear will react in so many different ways and not all of them good or even beneficial for helping their children learn the right and wrong way to deal with an online life .
Parents need to understand as hard as it maybe that just as there were bad things when they were growing up , their children are facing the same things .
Just as our parents were terrified by the changes — they thought rock ‘n roll and long hair were evil and would be the death of us — we feel the same way about the technology that our children deal with everyday .
There are no hard and fast rules here for parents and do n’t let anyone kid you otherwise .
Like our parents we ’ll be struggling through on a wing and a prayer trying on one hand to make sense of this technology ourselves ; and the other hand teaching our children how to use it responsibly .
The only thing one can really do is try your best to learn along with your kids but gently add your life experience to those lessons .
Learn to trust your kids because spying on them wo n’t do any family any good in the long run .
Most of all though , do n’t succumb to the fear that people who profit from making you afraid will be trying to shove down your throats .
And remember , like Allen Stern said in his post about the Second Life scare story by NBC :
Again , while I do n't use Second Life , my guess is that you can find these things anywhere online even outside this " dark side " virtual world .
That , my friends , is a given .
Just as you can find them on any street in any city in any country on this planet .
Democrat Barack Obama pledged yesterday to create millions of union jobs in alternative energy and to end tax breaks for companies that move jobs overseas , using tough new populist language to persuade voters that he , not Republican rival John McCain , is best positioned to lift the limping US economy .
On the other side of the country , McCain told voters that he is not challenging Obama 's patriotism in criticizing his call to pull out of Iraq , only his judgment .
" Let me be clear : I am not questioning his patriotism , " McCain said during a town hall meeting in Las Cruces , N.M. , a potential swing state .
" I am questioning his judgment .
I am questioning his judgment .
Senator Obama has made it clear that he values withdrawal from Iraq above victory in Iraq , even today with victory in sight .
. . .
He 's making these decisions not because he does n't love America , but because he does n't think it matters whether America wins or loses . "
McCain challenged Obama 's positions on Iraq , including his opposition to the temporary build - up of troops last year .
Obama has acknowledged that the so - called " surge " reduced violence in Iraq , but he adds that the surge has failed in its political goal of facilitating a reconciliation among contentious Iraqi factions .
Obama proposes to withdraw US combat forces from Iraq within 16 months ; McCain opposes any timetable for withdraw .
Meanwhile , Iraqi leaders have been pressing for a timetable .
Never far from McCain are questions about his running mate , whom McCain is considering announcing as early as next week .
One voter asked , " Are you going to pick a vice president that conservatives can rally around in the future , or are you going to give us someone that is going to make us want to stay home ? "
McCain responded , " I will nominate a person to be vice president , my running mate , who shares my principles , my values and my priorities . "
Obama , meanwhile , was on a two - day bus tour through Virginia , a likely general election battleground state , amid frenzied speculation about when he would announce his running mate .
At a community college in Martinsville , Va. , Obama told about 350 supporters that McCain had a compelling biography as a former prisoner of war in Vietnam .
But , he said , the GOP hopeful would follow the economic policies of the Bush administration if elected president .
" I honor his service , " Obama said .
" I do n't honor his policies .
I do n't honor his politics . "
Obama stuck mostly to economic themes during his appearance , adopting a pitch that sounded much like Hillary Clinton in the waning days of her primary campaign .
The former first lady defeated Obama in eight of the last 13 primaries using populist language that strongly resonated with rural and working - class voters .
" I will fight for you every single day , " he pledged .
" I 'll wake up every day in that White House thinking about those people in Martinsville . "
He promoted his plan to cut taxes for the middle class and said he understands that families are facing hard times .
That , Obama said , is in stark contrast to Phil Gramm , an economic adviser to Republican rival John McCain , who famously talked recently about Americans " whining " about the economy and going through a " mental recession . "
" The American people do n't whine , " Obama said .
" They work hard . "
© Copyright 2008 Globe Newspaper Company .
Canadian Open Government Initiatives
The Open Government Initiative in Canada is aimed at making the Canadian government more transparent and accessible to all citizens of Canada .
The country has one of the oldest Open Government Initiatives around the world .
Canada has urged a global campaign to make other governments as transparent as well .
Canada is part of the Open Government Partnership , a worldwide effort to make governments unconcealed and open to public scrutiny .
As a result of this membership , and also as a member of the G7 , Canada has embarked on a significant number of open government initiatives .
These have mainly been in the area of facilitating public access to government data .
Canada 's current open government initiatives are guided by the Open Government Directive that will last from 2016 to 2018 .
The directive has launched a number of open government programs throughout Canada 's provinces .
The official Canadian website has more details in this regard .
For some of the open government Initiative undertaken by Canada , refer to the list below :
Open Data
Open Government Initiatives are practically synonymous with giving citizens easy access to digital versions of government data .
Canada currently runs a thorough Open Data program .
Here , information like population statistics , immigration statistics , consumption ratings , and government financial performance information are available to the public through the Open Data Portal .
Data from a number of government agencies like the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation and Canada Revenue service is accessible to the public .
Canada currently has a plan to ensure that there 's no " wrong door " approach to providing access to government data .
Canada 's first open data portal was launched in 2011 .
In 2013 , a second generation data portal was launched that had more functionality .
The new one is in sync with the government 's Open Dialogue and Open Information efforts .
Canada 's Open Data Portal has become quite advanced , the country is even chairing an Open Data Working Group internationally .
Open Information
Canada 's Open Information takes off from the Open Data Portal .
The purpose of this initiative is to provide citizens better access to government programs , spending , credit and activities so each are more transparent .
Open Information also extends citizens access to government publications like research studies and census data reports .
Getting access to Open Information is easy .
All is accessible from the official Open Government website .
Databases have been centralised to an Open Information Portal that gives quick and easy access to information resources of the Canadian government .
All citizens have access regardless of factors such as age .
The Open Information Portal is subject to the country 's Access to Information ( ATI ) legislation enacted by the parliament .
Citizens can go to the portal to read ATI summaries , search through various ATI laws , and submit informal ATI requests .
The Open Information Portal allows Canadians to search through a comprehensive expenditure database .
The Canadian government discloses certain financial data , like quarterly budget reports , so citizens can hold government accountable for the budget decisions it makes .
The reports on the Open Information Portal have been proactively disclosed by various Canadian agencies and departments to this effect .
The Open Information Portal also includes government expenditure management data .
This is slightly different to financial reports .
This information includes financial estimates , appropriation acts , and various publications related to the federal budget .
The database is comprehensive with a list of links by organization , to details about upcoming financial regulatory proposals and measures as well .
The information provided by the portal is quite through .
However , the citizens can suggest more information they would like to see by submitting a request form on the portal website .
Information will be then released to the site .
Open Dialogue
Open Dialogue is an extension of Canada 's efforts to increase government transparency overall , and also to improve public engagement .
Basically , this facility allows Canadian citizens to connect with others who have similar interest in information provided by Open Data or Open Information .
Citizens are able to show others how to access the same datasets as they have , and also to participate in consultancies aimed at improving public service .
In addition to the above , various government agencies throughout Canada hold open government events in their respective communities .
To find out if such an event is available in your area , go to the Open Government Portal website and access the community events page .
A US medical evacuation ( Medevac ) crew chief recounts the most traumatic mission he has ever flown
Please note : this film includes images which some viewers may find distressing
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Democratic lawmakers in the House of Representatives unveiled legislation on Wednesday that , if passed , would significantly expand domestic oil production by permitting offshore drilling at least 50 miles from U.S. coasts .
An oil platform is seen from the air , located 100 miles ( 161 km ) off the coast of New Orleans in the Gulf of Mexico June 3 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Jessica Rinaldi
The package gives all U.S. states the option to allow drilling between 50 and 100 miles off their shores .
Areas further than 100 miles from the coast would be completely open oil exploration .
After vigorously opposing calls from Republicans to lift the moratorium on offshore drilling , Democratic leaders recently softened their position agreeing to allow votes on drilling as a part of larger energy bills .
Under the Democratic bill , national marine sanctuaries and monuments would remain off limits and the U.S. Defense Department would still be able to designate national defense areas off the coasts .
Any oil exploration would have to protect the coastal environment .
The eastern Gulf of Mexico would also be closed to offshore drilling until 2022 .
Democrats said they would announce on Thursday when lawmakers will vote on the package .
In this election year , disputes over increasing energy production have prevented lawmakers from passing significant energy legislation .
Republican presidential candidate John McCain has pushed strongly for increased offshore drilling , while the Democratic presidential contender , Barack Obama , changed his stance to support limited drilling .
The House energy package offers much more of the Outer Continental Shelf for oil exploration , than a proposed bipartisan bill energy bill in the Senate .
That package , supported by 16 Senators , would open only the coasts of Georgia , Virginia and the Carolinas to offshore drilling .
The Gang of 16 bill would also open the eastern Gulf of Mexico .
In addition to offshore drilling , the House energy package tackles conservation and energy efficiency as well as releasing oil from the nation ’s emergency stockpile .
Measures in the House energy package include :
- Selling 70 million barrels of light crude from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve
- Offering renewable energy and efficiency tax credits that would be funded by repealing some tax breaks for oil industry
- Requiring oil companies to develop the leases they already hold
- Requiring more frequent lease sales in the National Petroleum Reserve in Alaska .
Page Not Found
The page you were looking for could not be found .
Rice grown in the United States may be safer than varieties from Asia and Europe , according to a new global study of the grain that feeds over half of humanity .
The study evaluated levels of arsenic , which can be toxic at high levels , in rice worldwide .
Yamily J. Zavala and colleagues point out that rice is a potentially important source of human exposure to arsenic , especially in populations with rice - based diets .
Arsenic in rice is of special concern because it accumulates in much higher concentrations in rice than other staple grain crops .
The researchers discovered that arsenic contamination of irrigation water was more important than soil contamination in increasing arsenic levels in rice .
Using global arsenic data , the researchers classified rice into two types , where the predominant arsenic forms were either organic or the more toxic inorganic forms .
They found that rice from the United States largely contains organic arsenic , which is less easily absorbed into the body and excreted more rapidly than inorganic arsenic .
Rice contaminated with inorganic arsenic prevails in Asia and Europe .
The study suggests that breeding new rice varieties that convert inorganic arsenic to organic arsenic would be an " important risk reduction strategy , especially for countries like Bangladesh and India with arsenic contaminated environments and high rice consumption rates . "
website updated September 3 , 2020
Welcome !
In service to personal and spiritual growth , I am Sister Who .
One of the greatest joys of owning your own home is the yard that comes with it .
It ’s your land to enjoy however you see fit -- growing a garden , putting in a pool , mowing crop circles to communicate with alien races to let them know that anal probing wo n’t answer their questions …
But unfortunately for you and your yard , not everyone respects the boundaries of your property .
From the rude dog walker to kids using your front lawn as a flag - football end zone , your lawn can take an unfair beating … but with a few bucks , patience , and old - fashioned vengeful spirit , you can stop these intrusions with the help of a remote control sprinkler system .
There ’s no better – or wetter – way to get your point across .
PART ONE - BUYING AND INSTALLING YOUR REMOTE CONTROL SYSTEM .
You can do it , they can help .
Obviously , you need a sprinkler system .
If your yard ’s already got one , digging up the existing system simply to replace it with a remote control version is probably more trouble than it ’s worth , especially for the money .
But if you do n’t , then head to your local Home Depot , Lowe ’s , or other home & garden store , where you ’ll find several sprinkler brands that can serve your needs .
Most of these systems start at $ 150 or higher .
Do n’t pinch your pennies here by getting the cheapest brand you can find – remember that you ’re ultimately investing in the health of your yard , so you do n’t want to go through the trouble of installing a system that will croak within a couple months of use .
Dig it .
You ’ve bought your system … now how the heck do you put it in ?
Unless you ply your trade in such work , you ’ll want to hire a landscaper or general contractor for this portion of the job .
Prices can vary depending on how skilled or busy your contractor is , but you definitely want someone who knows what he 's doing on the job here , and who can do it in a matter of days .
And it will be so worth it the first time you press the “ on ” button on your remote and watch the pre-pubescent Peyton Mannings go running for dry land .
PART TWO – BEWARE , YE WHO ENTER HERE …
What 's good for the pooch ....
You ’ve got your sprinkler system , your remote ’s in hand , you ’ve found a comfortable spot to watch out your window and wait for violators to come - a - creepin ’… gee , do n’t you have anything better to do ?
Seriously , you ’re ready to rock .
And as sure as sunshine , the first trespasser is sure to have four legs , fur , and a tail .
If you can only douse the four - legged critters , that 's fine .
But if you get a chance to go for the two - legged ones , then do .
After all , dogs and cats are only doing what comes naturally to them .
The owners , on the other hand , are just plain rude .
Equal opportunity douser .
Among your yard ’s trespassers , there are sure to be people in your neighborhood whom you actually like .
But even friends and neighbors can sometimes take advantage of your goodwill .
If you happen to catch people like this hanging on your lawn without your approval , there ’s only one solution : Irrigate their rudeness away .
They ’ll learn to enjoy themselves back on their own property , or that public parks are lovely spots for outdoor , grass - related activities .
Guessing game .
So you ’ve excelled at giving unannounced showers to all comers .
Now make sure they do n’t get hip to your watering schedule .
Make out a schedule only you know and run your system at irregular intervals to keep the passer - bys on their toes and always thinking twice about loafing on your property .
Front row seat .
Maybe your victims think they simply have bad luck :
They ’re getting sprayed simply for being in the wrong place at the wrong time when your sprinklers come on .
That ’s not the lesson you want them learning , as history has a tendency to repeat itself .
For maximum emphasis , to show how truly committed you are to drowning out this problem for good , plant yourself on your front porch in a lawn chair with your remote in hand .
When “ Mr. Unlucky ” allows his dog to go sniffing your lawn , hit the switch and watch them both do a rain dance .
The look on Mr. Unlucky ’s face when he realizes you ’re doing this on purpose will be worth the cost of your sprinkler system alone .
Solicit this .
Hey , solicitors are trespassing on your property , too , are n’t they ?
Well , give them a taste of sprinkler justice and after a few lawn baths , the Jehovah 's Witnesses , real estate agents , and candy - selling teenagers will be spreading the word of your evil ways … and they ’ll all think twice about knocking on your door .
Rinse , repeat .....
You ’re going to have repeat offenders .
Like all lessons in life , some people have to be taught a few times before their education sticks .
So be prepared to play Lawn God as much as it takes for anyone brazen enough to keep trying you to get the message .
Tough love .
There may even come an occasion where you need to use your remote control sprinkler as a form of tough love ( say for the neighborhood drunk ) .
So be it .
You did n’t buy your house to watch your yard get tramped on , run over , and urinated into dead - patch oblivion .
If you ’re like me , you put a lot of hard work , time , and money into keeping your lawn beautiful , so if it takes getting a reputation as the neighborhood ’s biggest jerk - off to keep it looking that way , so be it .
Short of building a wall around your property , a remote control sprinkler system is a sure - fire way to keep trespassers off the grass .
Besides , how else can you have so much fun and keep your lawn green and gorgeous at the same time ?
Critic 's Notebook : A Bullying Donald Trump and an Ineffectual Chris Wallace Turn Debate Into a Disaster
With moderator Chris Wallace completely failing to maintain any semblance of order and Trump diving into the gutter , the first presidential debate was loud , grating and depressing .
Hedviga Golik made herself a cup of tea and sat down to watch some television in her hometown of Zagreb , Croatia .
Sadly , she died in her chair .
This was in 1966 .
She was just found , 42 years later , in her time capsule mausoleum where she 's been sitting ever since .
She never finished her tea .
Advertisement
What 's absurd is that she was in fact reported missing , but somehow no one ever checked her apartment , which leads me to believe no one checked anywhere .
I mean , where else do you look for someone when they 're missing ?
I do n't understand it .
Her neighbors apparently just assumed she moved out of her apartment , and she was finally found when the police broke in to figure out who owned the place .
A police spokesman said : " When officers went there , they said it was like stepping into a place frozen in time .
The cup she had been drinking tea from was still on a table next to the chair she had been sitting in and the house was full of things no one had seen for decades .
Nothing had been disturbed for decades , even though there were more than a few cobwebs in there . "
Advertisement
Well , that 's unsettling .
[ DailyRecord ; img ]
Reuters
July 28 , 2008
GUANTANAMO BAY U.S. NAVAL BASE , Cuba ( Reuters ) – Prosecutors in the trial of Osama bin Laden ’s driver unveiled a graphic video on Monday of the September 11 attacks and other al Qaeda operations that is likely to play a repeated role in pending war crimes cases .
The video is entitled “ The Al Qaeda Plan , ” an echo of “ The Nazi Plan ” made by Oscar - winning director George Stevens as evidence in the Nuremberg war crimes trials of German leaders after World War II .
“ Oh my God ” was heard repeatedly as crowds watched the twin towers of the World Trade center collapse on September 11 , 2001 , in a vivid highlight of the movie shown over defense objections at the terrorism conspiracy trial of Salim Hamdan .
The six - member panel that will decide Hamdan ’s fate also saw footage of charred bodies stripped of flesh in the bombings of two U.S. embassies in Africa and the body of a U.S. soldier dragged through the streets in Somalia in 2003 .
Control tower conversations with one of the doomed September 11 planes were also included .
“ The Al Qaeda Plan ” was made for $ 25,000 by terrorism consultant Evan Kohlmann for the Office of Military Commissions , which is conducting the trials of terrorism suspects at Guantanamo .
Its 90 minutes of video clips depict the history of al Qaeda from its formation in 1988 through the September 11 attacks .
The commission ’s lead prosecutor , Col. Lawrence Morris , said the tape would be used in other trials but no decision had been made whether to use it in the trial of accused September 11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed .
Hamdan ’s attorneys objected that the footage would prejudice the jury .
“ They ’re trying to terrorize the members , ” defense attorney Charles Swift told the court .
But prosecutors said the video helped illustrate the goals of al Qaeda training and ideology .
“ It is a very important part of the prosecution ’s case , ” said prosecutor Clayton Trivett .
Commission Judge Keith Allred approved the video , after first saying it would serve more to prejudice the case than to prove a point .
“ The planes crashing into the towers and the people screaming does n’t prove anything , ” he said .
A pivotal point of contention is the significance of Hamdan ’s role in al Qaeda .
The Yemeni native was caught in November 2001 with two surface - to - air missiles in his car .
FULL STORY
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Google Video
Wednesday , July 9 , 2008
David Icke speaks to the constituents of Haltemprice and Howden about the ‘ Big Brother ’ election , forced by the resignation of David Davis , and the move towards the global Big Brother enslavement we are all facing .
( Article continues below )
This article was posted : Wednesday , July 9 , 2008 at 4:33 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Sometimes I ca n’t believe how Californian California is .
Women walk around half - naked , waiters call patrons “ dude , ” and medical marijuana is legal .
But I wondered just how legal .
Could anyone buy it ?
Even me , who does n’t have cancer , AIDS , arthritis , glaucoma or even any previous pot-smoking experience ?
Medical marijuana is n’t really legal -- in 2005 , the Supreme Court said federal anti-drug laws trump state laws -- but California and 11 other hippie states have been flipping off Washington for years .
Finding a medical marijuana distributor is shockingly easy , as Times columnist Sandy Banks noted in her recent columns on getting pot to treat arthritis .
Sprinkled innocuously around L.A. County are more than 200 dispensaries that look like health food stores or pharmacies -- including three just at the intersection of Fairfax and Santa Monica .
To shop at these places , though , you need a doctor ’s recommendation on an official form .
Once you have that , no California cop can arrest you for holding up to eight ounces .
That amount , I ’m guessing , was based on conservative medical estimates of how much Snoop Dogg would need if he came down with glaucoma at the same time Animal Planet aired a “ Meerkat Manor ” marathon .
I made an appointment at a medical office recommended by Shirley Halperin , the coauthor of the new book , “ Pot Culture : The A - Z to Stoner Language & Life . ”
Halperin chose our particular clinic less for its medical expertise than the fact that it shared a parking lot with a pot dispensary .
Stoners are very clearheaded when it comes to avoiding extra effort .
Advertisement
As I sat in the tiny waiting room , filling out my medical history and getting nervous , Halperin assured me that no one she knows had been rejected , which seemed convincing because the only people sitting near me were two healthy looking guys in their 20s .
When I got called in , I entered a doctor ’s office different from any I ’d ever been in .
It contained only a tiny desk , two chairs , a small TV and two cans of Glade .
Also , the doctor wore a Hawaiian shirt .
He took my blood pressure and asked what I was suffering from .
“ Anxiety , ” I said .
And then “ occasional insomnia . ”
And even though he seemed to be moving on , I blurted something about headaches .
The only malady that would have made me more similar to every human being throughout history would have been “ these painful little pieces of skin that peel up next to my fingernails . ”
The doctor followed up on my insomnia , however , and asked if I was having work problems or relationship issues as he handed me a photocopy of a handwritten list of psychiatrists .
He ’d give me a recommendation for medical marijuana for six months , he said , and would extend it to one year if I saw a therapist .
The whole thing took about four minutes .
I paid the receptionist $ 80 -- cash only -- and she gave me a filled - out form that states I am under medical care and supervision for the treatment of a “ medical problem . ”
I felt touched that the doctor had n’t just written I was suffering from “ stuff . ”
Advertisement
At the dispensary , a Harley - riding bouncer checked my newly minted medical forms and driver ’s license and let us inside .
The dispensary was like a really nice coffee shop , with paintings on the wall for sale , couches and a drum kit upstairs for live jazz .
A pretty woman behind the counter -- kind of a pot sommelier -- brought out a huge menu , divided into sativa ( uppers ) and indica ( the downers all dealers sell ) varieties , with names such as Bluedot Popcorn , Hindu Skunk and Purple Urkel .
Like a high - end tea shop , she used chopsticks to procure the buds from glass jars -- all organic and grown in California -- which she had me smell and look at under a microscope .
I settled on a gram of Sugar Kush , which sounded appealing until I wondered what kind of breakfast cereal would cure Sugar Kush munchies .
Honey Bunches of Fudge ?
Frosted Mini Frosted Minis ?
Count Plaqula ?
Next , I took the advice of a fellow patient and went to buy some “ edibles ” at the Farmacy .
This is the most famous of the L.A. dispensaries , with three locations , only two of which are right next to a Whole Foods .
The Westwood branch is a sleek health food store that also sells vitamins and lots of Goji berries , and , unlike at the doctor ’s office , all the salespeople wear white lab coats .
As a first - timer , I got to spin a wheel to determine my free gift medicine , which was a pot-infused lollipop .
I also bought a vegan chocolate - chip cookie medicine and a chocolate bar medicine , and deeply considered the gelato medicine .
Wondering if I had an unusually easy time , I called High Times magazine ’s 2006 Stoner of the Year , Doug Benson , a comedian who just released “ Super High Me , ” a documentary in which he stops smoking pot for 30 days and then , for his next month , is high every waking minute .
As part of the documentary , he got his medical marijuana certificate .
“ I told my doctor I had a weak back .
And when he said , ‘ How long ? ’
I said , ‘ About a week back . ’ ” He did not get rejected .
As a patient or a comedian .
Advertisement
In fact , Benson buys all his pot from a dispensary now .
Even with the sales tax , he pays the same price and , he said , gets more consistent quality than he did from a dealer .
“ I had a dealer who came by my house , but this is more convenient , ” he said .
When I asked him how that could be , he explained : “ I used to have to sit there and listen to his stories .
Because dealers like to hang out . ”
I always wondered what would happen if marijuana were legalized for anyone over 18 .
It seems it already has been , and nothing happened .
--
jstein@latimescolumnists.com
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A U.S. air strike that killed 11 Pakistani soldiers in June was the result of an incomplete U.S. military database that did not include the location of the soldiers ’ post near the Afghanistan - Pakistan border , U.S. and Pakistani officials said on Wednesday .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
The officials , who spoke in separate interviews on condition of anonymity , said the preliminary results of a joint U.S. - Pakistani probe show the military post ’s location just inside Pakistan was never entered into the database , which was designed to prevent attacks on friendly forces in the area .
One U.S. official emphasized the investigation has not been formally completed and the findings could still be subject to change .
The results could be released formally as early as Thursday with an accompanying joint statement by the U.S. and Pakistani governments .
But the findings have also stirred new disagreement between Washington and Islamabad about whether Pakistan provided the post ’s grid location to the Americans and U.S. officials saying they did not have the location when the air strike occurred on June 10 .
“ The data on the geo -coordinates of all 997 posts deployed by Pakistan on Pakistan ’s side of the border was shared with the United States , ” a Pakistani official said .
The June 10 incident , which added pressure to already strained U.S. relations with the new Pakistan government , occurred along Afghanistan ’s eastern border with Pakistan where U.S. officials say cross - border attacks have escalated since Islamabad began seeking peace deals with local militants .
At the time of the air strike , the U.S. military said it was battling militants that had attacked American troops in Afghanistan and retreated across the border into Pakistan .
The 11 killed were from Pakistan ’s paramilitary Frontier Corps , which the U.S. military hopes to train as an effective counterinsurgency force in the tribal badlands of northwestern Pakistan , where the Bush administration says there has been a resurgence of Taliban and al Qaeda activity .
Three days after the attack , the United States and Pakistan announced a joint investigation into the attack .
An official at the Pakistan Embassy in Washington could not confirm the investigation ’s findings but said the incident underscored the need for greater intelligence and military cooperation along the Afghanistan - Pakistan border .
A U.S. military spokesman declined to comment on preliminary findings , first reported on Wednesday by the New York Times .
“ The investigation is still ongoing , ” said Army Capt .
Christian Patterson of the U.S. military ’s Combined Joint Task Force - 101 at Bagram air field in Afghanistan .
“ It has n’t been completed . ”
Pakistan disagrees with findings that the Pakistani forces may have been intermingled with insurgents who had crossed back into Pakistan after firing on U.S. troops in Afghanistan .
It also denies U.S. assertions that a Pakistan liaison officer approved of the air strike .
“ There are areas of nonoccurrence , ” the Pakistani official said .
“ But Pakistan is very conscious of the fact that one isolated incident should not and will not be allowed to become a stumbling block in our relationship as a whole . ”
WASHINGTON ( September 2008 ) –
In this contentious election season , one thing that ’s taken for granted is that American citizens will be the ones choosing the next president .
But a new paper from the Center for Immigration Studies reveals a concerted effort gathering force to allow new immigrants to vote without becoming citizens .
It is being mounted by an alliance of academics and law professors , local and state political leaders , and community and immigration activists .
In his paper , Allowing Non-Citizens to Vote in the United States ?
Why Not , Dr. Stanley Renshon offers the first comprehensive review and critique of this growing movement .
Dr. Renshon , a professor of political science at City University of New York Graduate Center , warns that decoupling the legal standing to vote from American citizenship would be a mistake for both immigrants and their new homeland .
CIS will release this paper at a panel discussion on Monday , September 15 , at 9:30 a.m. , at the National Press Club , 14th & F streets .
Commenting on Dr. Renshon ’s paper will be Michael Barone , a senior writer for U.S. News & World Report and principal coauthor of The Almanac of American Politics , and John Fund , a reporter for The Wall Street Journal and author of Stealing Elections : How Voter Fraud Threatens Our Democracy .
What : Release of Allowing Non-Citizens to Vote in the United States ?
Why Not
Author :
Stanley Renshon , CUNY Graduate Center
Discussants :
Michael Barone , U.S. News & World Report
John Fund , The Wall Street Journal
Moderator :
Mark Krikorian , Center for Immigration Studies
When :
Monday , September 15 , 9:30 a.m .
Where :
National Press Club , 14th & F streets , Murrow Room
RSVP :
Bryan Griffith , 202-466-8185 , [ email protected ]
Derive Your Dreams
about me
Twitter : @kinaba
03:14 08/08/31 LL
Future 行ってきました。まとめ記事は何百人も書いてそうなので、以下、これにかこつけて自分語りをする。
☆ Larry Wall の基調講演。ひたすら Parser の話をしてて素晴らしかった。 ☆ 100 年の言語…は、 Ypsilon の藤田さんが、エラーメッセージのわかりやすさについて考えてますか？という問いかけを されてたのが印象に残っています。個人的に この頃 から気になってるんですけども、 言語 内DSL のようなものを作ること＆そ のDSL が正常動作するときに 裏でホスト言語で何が起きているかをまったく気にしなくていいようにすることは簡単でも、
そのDSLがそのDSL のシンタックスや静的セマンティクスとして間違っているときに適切なエラーを
出せるようにするのは非常に面倒、という感覚があります。ホスト言語の意味でのエラーを
出されてもユーザ側としては「エラーがある」ことだけしか情報が伝わらなかったりする。
なんかどうにかならんかねー、という。DSLじゃない通常の言語のエラーメッセージの
わかりやすさもある意味で同じ問題のような気がしている。
1000年のスパンだと……もの凄い昔にここの日記に一遍書いたけども、個人的には、プログラミング言語に限らず
" General Unmisusability " が達成されているといいなあ、という夢が。夢のまた夢が。 言語で言うと 、
「 １：よろしくないプログラムを動かすと何が起きるかわからない 」 → 「 ２：よろしくないプログラムを動かすと実行時に正しくなくなった時点でそれがわかる 」 → 「 ３：よろしくないプログラムを動かす前に、テストなり静的な検証なり証明なりで検出できる 」 → 「 ４：よろしくないプログラムなど（黒魔術を駆使しないと）書くことすらできない
─ コンパイル時に型チェックで怒られるとかいうレベルではなく、
怒られるようなモノを書こうにも書きようがない 」 → 「 ５：同、黒魔術を駆使しても書くことすらできない」という
ような段階があると思う。んで、「よろしくなさ」のうちの細かい部分部分については、
いろんな人の工夫の結果４の段階に達しているものもある。もちろん、大部分はそうでない。
それが、1000年の未来なら、プログラミング言語なんぞに限らず任意のシステムに
ついて４を達成するための汎用理論みたいなものができあがってるといいなあ、という。
セッション中に質問の出てた「セキュリティ」もそういう方向に解決されたり。
☆ Webフレームワークの話は正直あんま期待せずにいったんですけど面白かった。ひがさんかこいい。 ☆ LLでアートの話はもっと期待してなかったんですがもっと面白かった。
ビジュアルプログラミング言語のデモ中に「とにかくさくっと線で繋いで好き勝手値を見られるのが便利 」
というのがあって、それはまさにその通りだと思う。そういうことができる環境…
実行中のコンテキストのブラウザ とか 実行中のサーバにつないでREPLプロンプト出して というのは本当にLightweightに見えるし、 いろんな言語がそういう方向に向かっていくと面白いと思う。 あと、JavaScript の開発はそういう方向になっててるらしいよみたいな話を昼食時にGusさんに聞いた気がする。 ☆nishio/tokuhirom/yugui/shinh を集めてする話がゴルフ、というのはいくらなんでも
もったいなくないですか！みたいな！☆LLVMとかの話はまさかのなつたん登場(違)しかあんまり覚えてない。
☆ LTは自走式サーバー素晴らしすぎた。あーゆーガジェット（？）を物凄い勢いで作れるのは
プログラミングの楽しさの一つだよなあ。あとPitの話おもしろかった。
17:46 08/08/22 invariant 境界 D言語に invariant という修飾子がありまして 、invariant と宣言した変数は 「 不変オブジェクトしか指さない 」 ことを保証し 、invariant と宣言したクラス は 「 インスタンスが全て不変 」なことが保証されます。 この invariant 修飾は 「 推移的 」であるとされていて、invariant と宣言したものはメンバも全部 自動的に invariant になります。つまり invariant class ColoredPoint { Color color ; Point point ; こうすると自動的に 、color も point も不変オブジェクトしか指せないようになります。 // コンパイル通らない例 this ( Color c_ , Point p_ ) {color = c_ ; point = p_;} } Point pt = new Point ( 100 , 200 ) ; ColoredPoint cpt = new ColoredPoint ( Color .
Blue , pt ) ; pt.x = 300 ; こういう、不変と宣言されてるオブジェクトの中に不変でないオブジェクトを突っ込んで
後で外から変えられて何が何だかわかんなくなるのは許さん！という理由でこうなっているんでしょう、たぶん。
基本的には悪くないと思うんですけど、なんだかたまにこの「推移」を切りたくなることがあって…
具体的にはテンプレート引数型のメンバ変数には及ばないで欲しい、と思うことがしばしば。 invariant class PersistentQueue ( T ) { ... T ... } persistent データ構造 のライブラリを作ろうと思って、 「 そうだ！ persistency がよくわかるように、 データ構造が不変なことを invariant で示そう！ 」 と思ったら、不変オブジェクトしか格納できない キューになってしまって困りました。構造と、そこに格納する参照までは不変なことを保証したいが、 参照の先はどうでもいい。うーん。特に結論はない。
20:49 08/08/20 例外と継続とジャンプ 昨日の続き…になるかな。( 2 ) の方ですね。要はまず自分の中に
Stream s ; try { s = File .
Open ( " .tcshrc " ) ; } catch ( FileNotFoundException e ) { try { s = File .
Open ( " .cshrc " ) ; } catch ( FileNotFoundException e ) { s = new EmptyStream ( ) ; } } // あるいは if ( s==null ) try{s= ... }catch (...) {} の羅列 というコードは try { for ( int i=0 ; ; ++i ) array [ i] .doSomething ( ) ; } catch ( ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException e ) {} と同じ種類の醜さを感じるので避けられるなら避けたい、という感覚があります。 完全に正常な制御フローを実現するのに例外を経由するってどうなの？っていう。 なので、例外ではなく return で分岐ができた方が嬉しい場面ってのは存在するだろう、 というのが一つ。あるいはちょっと別の見方をすると……
Multi/ Long Jump 「 エラー処理 」 や「例外的な状況」のようなそこに人間が付与している意味ではなく、
純粋に言語の表現能力としての「例外」には、（排反ではないですが）二つの機能があると思うのです。
「 複数の継続 」 と「 大域ジャンプ 」 。 複数の継続というのは…要は、例外なしでは関数はreturnでしか呼び出し元に戻れない、１カ所にしか戻れない
こととの対比を意味しています。「こういう状況ではここに戻ってここのコードの続きを実行する、
ああいう状況ではあっちに戻ってあそこのコードの続きを実行する、…」というのが、例外ならばできる。
その複数の戻り先を、必要なら、いくらでも関数呼び出し地点から遠くに置けるというのが大域ジャンプ。
エラー処理としての例外は、「大域ジャンプ」まで含めて初めて本質だろうと思っています。
「 実行したいこと」からエラー処理のコードを切り離せることや、
無視したら次々親に向かって飛んでってくれるのが嬉しいところですし。
try ～catch の構文は、 そういうエラー処理の専用構文としてスマートになるように作られていて、 そうではない本当に必要なの は 「
複数の継続」だけというケースには、 より適した書き方が考えられるのではないか。
※ 逆に言うと、「エラー」からの復帰コードを書きたい、っていうときには
try - catch を 使うべきでしょうからガンガン使うといいと思う 。Informative Null Pointer を使ったら try - catch が使えなくなる、なんてことはないので。 Normal / Exceptional もちろんそういう場合には 、 「 CPSやcall/ccを使って、あるいは言語組み込みのreturn先指定機能で本当に真っ向から複数の継続を取る」や
「 Maybe や Error や option のような付加情報をもつオブジェクト でreturn値をラップして、 使う側はパターンマッチetc」、あるいは
「 多値の二個目の返値に付加情報を入れといて必要ならそっちで分岐」のような、
色んな方法が考えられます。 前二者と今回の エクストリームぬるぽ を比べた時の差は、基本的には、 「 普通にノーマルなオブジェクトが返されてそれを使うというケースだけを考えたいとき」に
書かなければならないコード量が増えるか増えないかの差、それだけです。
そういう使い方を想定しないケースではまったく要らない子です。なのでもし 十分使いやすい シンタックスシュガーがあればMaybeやOptionで十分 ということには同意。どこまで可能でしょうか。
※ ただ、その用途で 「 無効値であった 」という 1 bit 情報しかない Maybe や
Option を使うのは無情報 null を返すのと変わらないので、それよりはせめて
Error 辺りを基本にしたいなーというのはあるかも、昨日の( 2 ) の話に至る以前の( 1 ) の動機として。 多値バージョンについても同じく。 ( 1 ) について は 「 ぬるぽってだけ言われて も " たいて い " エラー行の周り を " 見れば " 原因わかるだろ 」 とゆー突っ込みが大いにあると思うんですけど、うーん、「 エラー行の周りとか " 見るまでもなく常 に " 原因わかる方が絶対楽だろ」かな。それによってnullを返す側が大変になるという
ことは…あるかなあ… あるいは 、 「 例外投げる版 」 と「情報入り返値返す版」を二つ用意して使い分ければ 変な NullPointer など要らずに行けますが、ほとんど同じことをするメソッドを２つ並べるって
わかりにくいと思うのだ。 あとで考える
As soon as possible な null check の強 制
「 例外」かどうかを決めるのは誰なのか
22:33 08/08/18 Informative Null Pointer ( 1 ) Λ＿Λ ＼＼
（ ・∀・） | | ｶﾞｯ
と ） | |
Ｙ /ノ 人
/ ） < >_Λ∩
＿ /し' ／／. Ｖ｀Д´）/
（＿フ彡 / 最初に言いたいことをまとめておくと 「 null はもっと情報量を持ってるべき」。 以下、こういう言語及びAPI設計が仮にあったらどうだろうかと考えてみた、というお話です。
具体的な実装とかは何もありません。 あと、引き合いに出してる例がだいたい
Java ですが、 自分の知ってる範囲で Java が一番例外 をAPI の前面に出しててわかりやすいかと思ったのが理由で、 他の言語でも基本的に同じことが言えると思います。それと、例によって「 それ○○でできるよ 」
「 それ○○でダメ出しされてるよ」募集中。
ぬるぽ！って言われて何で困るかっていうと、どのファイルのどの行のどの変数が null なせいでエラーになったのかまではわかっても、「何故」その変数が null なのかわからんことだと 思うのです。どこかでうっかり初期化を忘れてた変数を set したのが原因でフィールドが null になってるんだったら、それがわかった方が嬉しい。どこかでタイポのせいで
Map から存在しないキーを get しちゃってたのが理由だとしたら、どこでなんて言う存在しないキーを叩いちゃってたのか知りたい。 ただ の 「 NullPointerException 」ではなく。 というわけで、null というただ一つの値じゃなくて、未初期化変数にはデフォルトで
UninitializedNull クラスのオブジェクトが入って、get は存在しないキーに対しては KeyNotFoundNull を返し、 Integer.getInteger は問題の種類に応じて KeyNotFoundNull か NumberFormatErrorNull を返せばいいと思う。 そして、どの null も参照したら単なる NullPointerException ではなく、それぞれ対応する例外を飛ばす、と。
Ruby なんかだと、nil と同じメソッドだけ用意してあとは method_missing で自分自身を raise するようなオブジェクト作れば、かなりの程度↑これに近い物ができるんじゃないでしょうか。
「 それがnil的値である」ことの汎用の判定手段をどうにかしないと使い物にはならなそうですが。
型 null はどんな型の変数にも代入できてこその null なので、例えば Java の型システムは、 リテラルの null には特別な型 < nulltype > を与えて、これは全ての型のサブタイプ、
という定義になってると思います。上に書いた色々な
Null クラスも、型システム的には こいつらのインスタンスの型は全て null の型と同じということにしたら だいたい型チェックは何とかなるんじゃないでしょうか。適当です。 実装するとした ら
「 普通のオブジェクト 」 と「 Nullオブジェクト」の区別は何とかして高速にできるようにしておいて
（ポインタの最下位ビットをフラグに使うとかそういうアレで）、今まで null チェック ( == 0 ? ) だった部分をその高速チェックに置き換えれるようのコンパイル/解釈すればだいたい良いんじゃなかろうか。
再び適当です。 どのくらい情報を載せる？ 単に 「 ぬるぽ 」 が「あんいにしゃらいずどぬるぽ」に変わっても正直大して変わらないので、
「 クラスXXのオブジェクトがここのnew式で作られた時にフィールドyyが初期化されてないぬるぽ 」
くらいの情報が無いとあまり意味がありません。ただ、毎回実行時にここまで情報を持ったオブジェクトを
生成するのはコストが大きすぎる気がしますね。UninitializedNull に関しては、コンパイル時に 作っておける程度の情報を載せるので我慢するべきか。Java のような２パス初期化でなくて １パス初期化する言語なら、「全てのフィールドをちゃんと初期化するように書かないと
未初期化で放っておくのはすごい重いよ」と脅すのも手かもしれません。 KeyNotFoundNull 辺りは遠慮無くスタックトレースまで載っけても怒られないのではないでしょうか。
Informative Null Pointer ( 2 ) ここから同意してくれる人がガクッと減りそうなので話を分けてみる。
自分で上の文章を読み直してただちに浮かんだ疑問は
「 KeyNotFoundNull とかは例外を投げるべきところじゃないの？」っていうのと
「 そもそも null って必要なの？全ての変数にちゃんとvalidな 値を与えるようにプログラム書いたら？ 」 っていうのでした。その辺りに関係なくもない内容をつらつらと考えました。 例外 と Invalid Value ちょっと話がそれますが、一言で言うと、そうですね、「 Integer.valueOf が気に入らない 」 。 Integer n ; try { n = Integer.valueOf(someStringData ) ; } catch ( NumberFormatException e ) { n = 0xdeadbeaf ; } Integer.valueOf に数値として解釈できない文字列を渡すのは、渡した側のバグなんでしょうか、
それともそれは正当な入力なんでしょうか。渡した側のバグだとするなら…「整数として
解釈できる文字列ならその整数値、そうでなければデフォルト値」というコードを上のように書くのは
間違いということになります。でも他に手段がない。Integer クラスには、整数として解釈できる文字列か否かの
チェックメソッドが存在しないし、でもそういうチェックをしたいことは実際ある。
…ということは、おそらくそれはバグではなく、
正当な入力なのでしょう。しかし、正当な入力に対して例外を返すAPIというのは、 自分の感覚ではどうも受け入れられないのです。「try～catch は常に意図しないor不可避のエラー処理 」 「 if～else は意図した正常パスの分岐」とすっきり分けた方が、
コードが読みやすいのでは。分けられないとしたらそれは言語に問題があるのではないか。
これを if 文にするには 、Integer ではな く「 Integer が入ってるかもしれないし入ってないかもしれない型 」 を返すメソッドとして作る手があります。C++ならboost::optional、OCamlならoption、HaskellならMaybe。 Maybe< Integer > mn = Integer.valueOf(someStringData ) ; Integer n = case mn of Just v -> v Nothing -> 0xdeadbeaf ; これの問題はひたすら面倒くさいところで、Integer.valueOf
の使用例 の9 割は 「 整数として 解釈できないものは来ない」状況でしょうから（だからこそ
NumberFormatException は 「例外」なんだと思う）、その9割のコードが余計な皮のせいで一回り面倒になるのは嫌です。
別に Maybe とか使わなくても、null 返せばいいじゃん null 。
Integer n = Integer.valueOf(someStringData ) ; // 整数として解釈できなければnullを返すものだった場合 if ( n == null ) n = 0xdeadbeaf ; このパターンなら 、9 割 の 「 整数として解釈できないものは来ない」と信じられる状況では null チェックを省いてそのまま n を使えばいい。例外を投げるインターフェイスで catch を省くのと同じ。面倒くさくない ！
Integer n = Integer.valueOf(someStringData ) ; ... あとで n を使う ... 問題は、 「 整数として解釈できないものは来ないと信じていたのに裏切られた」場合です。
元々の例外を投げるバージョンなら、そこで直ちに
NumberFormatException 例外が飛びます。 そして、この部分のコードが頼っていた暗黙の仮定が破られたこと、つまりバグの存在がすぐに判明します。 パーフェクト。素晴らしい。null を返す場合どうでしょう。 「 ... あとで n を使う ...」で n を使った時に初めて 、NullPointerException が飛びます。まあ同じメソッド内ですぐに n を使っていたら 大差ないのですが、 「 ここではメンバ変数にnを値を格納して、100年後くらいに別のメソッドで使う 」 ような処理だった場合 、100年後にぬるぽに飛ばれても、絶対どこのバグなのかわかりません。 めちゃめちゃ困ります。 INP returns … というわけで、やっと話が戻りました。このパターンを、先程の
" Informative Null Pointer " で救えるのではないかと思うのです。ここでただの null ではなく NumberFormatNull を返していれば、 「 チェック有り版をif文で書ける 」 「チェック無し版を書くのが面倒くさくない 」
「 チェック無し版でバグが出たときに、nをいつ使っても十分な情報量の例外が飛ぶ」ようになります。
さて、どうでしょう。 もちろんまだ問題はあります。たとえば、当然みなさま突っ込む準備万端だと思いますが、
「 最後まで n を使わなかった場合バグが判明しない 」じゃないか、という。
まあその通りです。どうしたものでしょうね。 伝統的な 「エラーを戻り値で示すのは良くない」という警句の理由は、
「 エラーを無視して先に進めてしまうから」なわけですが、
今回の場合、エラーコード専用の戻り値を返すのではなく、メソッドの存在意義となっているような
返値にエラー情報を「載せる」形になっている分、握りつぶされる可能性は大分少ないはずではあります。
とはいえ、フィールドに保存しておいて結局最後まで使わなかった、みたいなのは大いにあり得ます。
専用のエラーチェックモードで動かしていたら、（あるいはパフォーマンスが許すなら常に）、
GCで解放する直前にフィールドチェックしてUninitialized以外のXXXNullオブジェクトが
入ってたら例外飛ばすのはどうだろう。 いや、そもそもフィールドへのXXXNullの代入やクロージャへの囲い込みは
全部その時点で例外でいいような気もしてきました。はてさて。 他には、「あとで」例外に飛ばれても、その時点でデバッガでデバッグ開始しても手遅れになってるかも、
というのも問題かな。スタックトレースだけ残ってても、その時点の色んな変数の値とかが残ってないと
困りますよね。これも深刻な問題。 そもそも / 補足 そもそも Integer.valueOf の場合は、「不正な文字列を渡すのは渡した側のバグなので例外飛ばす」という
仕様でよくて、別にチェック用のメソッド
、Integer.isParsableAsInteger とか用意するのがベストだろうと 自分では思っていたりします。ただ、アトミック性を考えると、チェックと実際の処理を分けられない こともあって、 File fp ; if ( File.exist ( " .tcshrc " ) ) fp = File.open ( " .tcshrc " ) ; else if ( File.exist ( " .cshrc " ) ) fp = File.open ( " .cshrc " ) ; else ... なんかAPI がJavaじゃなくなってきてますが気にしないことにして、 こういうコードは、existからopenの間にファイルを消されたら死にます。というわけで、File.open
が例外を投げるインターフェイスの場合、「○○が存在したら△△、しなかったら☆☆」という制御フローを
try ～catch 無しで書くのは非常に難しい。でも正常な制御フローに try ～catch は使いたくなくない ？ File fp = File.open ( " .tcshrc " ) ; if ( fp instanceof < FileNotFoundNull > ) fp = File.open ( " .cshrc " ) ; if ( fp instanceof < FileNotFoundNull > ) ... っていう。
19:35 08/08/14 信長の野望 「 烈風伝 速攻クリアーへの道 」 というページを見かけたのでやってみました。結論としては1540年代同盟無し単独統一は可能
（ただし武田家だと今川家と最初から同盟状態で始まるので、49年の頭くらいまで待って手切れ）。
ゲームスタート時に即同盟切るのは忠誠度的に厳しそうだし、初期位置が東寄りなのも
実は不利なので、本気で単独最速を目指すなら斉藤か織田でスタートかなあ。
1548年の内にクリアも可能だと思う。ポイントは、( 1 ) 絶対に [ 建設 ]
特技持ちに門を壊させること。 力押しに比べて必要な兵力がぐっと減る ( 2 ) 支城は兵数1でいいので別働隊を隣接させると 本隊が横を通り抜けられるようになるのでそれで全て通過する
( 3 ) 好戦的な大名と領地を接する期間を できるだけ短くするように進む 証明 id : uskz さんの これ とか これ とか。 自分の場合、ややこしいと言われている方の証明の気分の方がわかるので（あすこで背理法は しないような気もしますが、まあ、どうだろ）、なんとなくその感覚について考えてみる。 どっちが良いとか悪いとかでなくて、こういう感覚と思うと多少読みやすいのでは、というお話です。 たとえば 『( A - B ) ∩( A - C ) =Φ ⇒ A - B⊆C を証明しろ』といわれた瞬間に、 何も考えないと脳内で自動的に 『仮 定 「 ( A - B ) ∩( A - C ) = Φ、xは任意、x ∈A - B 」 から 「 x ∈C」を証明しろ』 に変換される感があります。とりあえず ⇒ と ∀ はすべてはぎ取ってあとで演繹定理等でくっつける 。
Coq でいうと、いきなり intros と打ってみてから後のことは後で考える 。
Haskell でいうと、point - free style で書こうとするんじゃなくって、とりあえず引数は全部引数名をつけて変数に置いてみる。 あと、あんまり今はabstractな性質を考えてない（と感じられる）記号 ⊆ が結論部に来たときは 定義まで戻ってバラしてしまったりする。 で、そういう風にプリミティブな形に結論をバラせば、あとは適当に式の形を見ながら、 てきとーに構文的に組み合わさるところを組み合わせてけばなんか証明になるだろ、みたいな。 わりと機械的にできる感が嬉しい。閃きが要らない。背理法がありがたがられるのは、 しめすべき結論 が
「矛盾」というさらに超シンプルな目標になるので、適当に式を組み合わせて最終形を
目指すときに組み合わせ先がわかりやすいから的な感覚はあるかもしれない。
で、それで証明できなかったら初めてマジメに式を睨み始める。
「 A1ΔA2=B1ΔB2 ⇒ A1ΔB1=A2ΔB2 」 もそうで、集合の = は⊆かつ⊇の略記 でΔは-と∪の略記なので、 とりあえず機械的にその『仮 定
A1ΔA2=B1ΔB2 結論４つ』に脳がバラしてしまって、それでその流れで
証明できたら終わりで良いんじゃないの？という考え。必ずしも美しい証明にはならないかもしれませんが。
式をバラさないで同値関係の書き換えでやろうとすると、
目標に向かうときに最初にどこをどう書き換えたら良いのかが見た目明らかでなくて
（いや、今回の例くらいだとわりと明らかかもしれませんが）、なんか何をしたらいいのかが よくわからんというか。
18:17 08/08/12 Union - Find と Ackermann と 私 Union - Find というデータ構造があります。 同値関係を求めるパズル @ rubycoさん みたいなのを解くのに使えるもの。コードは見ての通りシンプルで、同値類を木構造で表現して、 木のルート＝代表元として扱う、それだけです。前者の解説にあるように、ちょっとした最適化として 二つの木を併合するときには、必ず大きい木のルートの下に小さい木をくっつけるようにする
代表元を求める計算（find）のついでに、通ったノードの親ポインタを全てルートに張り替える
とすると、頑張った解析の結果、n 回の union / find 操作にかかる計算時間は O(n A ( n ) ) ─ A ( n ) は アッカーマン関数 の逆関数 ─ になることがわかっているが詳細は略、と、大抵のデータ構造の教科書には 書いてあります。そしてアッカーマン関数は有り得ないぐらい急激に増大する関数なので、 その逆は実質定数みたいなものだ、と書いてあります。
「 ところで、なんでここにアッカーマン関数がでてくるの？？ 」
というのは誰しもが抱く疑問だと思いますが、先日ふとこの疑問を思い出したので調べようと思い、
" Top - Down Analysis of Path - Compression " を読み始めてみました。 Hyper - Log といっても、実はまだアッカーマンまで理解していないのであった。
O( n log* n ) で押さえられるところまで把握。log* n というのは、 「 n に何回 log2 を適用したら 1 になるか 」 を表す関数。 log* 2 = 1 、 log* 4 = 2 、 log* 16 = 3 、 log* 65536 = 4 、 log* 265536 = 5 、 … なので、これも事実上5を超えることはないので定数みたいなものと思って良い関数です。
これはいわばアッカーマン関数を m=4 に固定した場合…いわば「アッカーマン第四形態」の逆関数に過ぎず、
そして フリーザ アッカーマン関数はあと無限回の変身を残しているので足下にも及ばないのですが、 まあ十分すぎるくらい十分デカいことはデカいわけです。 （ちなみに第一 = n+1、第二 = 2n、第三 = 2n 。変身するたびに 「 直前の関数をn回適用する関数 」 になる） …話がそれました。その第四形態になる直感だけ書いておきます。
えーと、具体的に何が示されるかというと 、Union - Find する対象集合の要素数をn , find操作の回数をm としたときに、 ポインタ付け替えが発生する回数は O ( ( n+m ) log* n ) 」 なことが示されます。 ※ 細かい話： コスト評価を簡単化するために、 「 まずパス圧縮なしで union だけで作り上げた木構造 」 を考えてから、 その上で、実際に起きたパス圧縮を実行、という考え方をするそうです。この場合、「 パス圧縮」は、 親ポインタをルートに張り替えるだけでなくて、ルートじゃない中間ノードに親ポインタを張り替えるパターンも 含まれます。（元々ルートだったノードに下のノードをパス圧縮→unionでルートじゃなくなる、というパターンが union でルートじゃなくなったノードの下のノードを、パス圧縮でそのルートじゃなくなったノードを 指すように付け替え、みたいに表現される）。 あと、値はだいたいなので切り捨て切り上げ±1しないと正しい言明にならないところは多々あると思いますが、 色々とスルー推奨。 「 大きい方の下に小さい方を」的にバランスを取ると、
できる木の高さは、パス圧縮を考えなくても、高々 log n。 全体に限らず、すべての部分木でそういう性質（高さは要素数のlog）が成り立つことが言える。
そういう木の場合 、葉からの高さが r 以上のノードは高々 n / 2 ^r 個くらいしかない。 （高さ log n のノードはルートだけな の
で１個。葉っぱに近いノードほど指数的に個数が多い）
h = 木の高さ ≦ log n とする 。 「 TOP : 葉からの高さが log h 以上のノード集合 」 と
「 BOTTOM : 葉からの高さが log h 未満のノード集合 」 に分割統治してパス圧縮のコストを考える。
TOP におけるパス圧縮のコスト（ポインタ付け替え回数）は、 祖先じゃなかったものが親になることはありえないことを考えると、 ナイーブに計算しても、 「 ノード数 × 最大高さ 」 程度。すなわ ち ( n / 2 ^log h ) * h = n。
BOTTOM のノードがパス圧縮で TOP のノードを親に持つ回数は、せいぜい n+m 回。 親がBOTTOM からTOP に付け変わるの はBOTTOMの各ノードに付き最高で1回なので、≦ n。 TOP の親からTOP の別の親に変わる回数は当たり前に≦m回。
BOTTOM に入ってる木の高さは全部 log h 以下なので、 この分割統治の再帰は log * h 回で終わる 。
h 回で終わる。 よって全体の計算量 は O ( ( n+n+m ) log* h ) ≦ O ( ( n+m ) log* n ) まとまってないな 「 パス圧縮は木を上下に分割統治して考えられる 」 「 木を ( log 高さ ) で上下に分割すると、バランス木なら、ルート側には n/高さ 個しかノードが残らない 」 「 残らないのでナイーブに評価してもルート側のコストは
O(n ) 」「 リーフ側は高さが log に減ってるので 再帰が log* 回で止まる 」 。 たぶん、上下分割を log ではなくてもっと別の逆アッカーマン第m形態でやって、ルート側やマージ処理の 評価をナイーブにやるのではなく、一段階前のアッカーマン関数を使った評価にすると、 本当にそれっぽい計算量が出てくるのではないかと思います（まだ読んでないけど）。
16:04 08/08/10 Google Code Jam 2008 Round 3 Google Code Jam Round 3。283位 。 通ったけどっ…。ううむ酷い。 あ、4位と5 位 Japan だ。すごい。 Bのlarge、今動かしてみたらsmall用に出したコード（ O( マップサイ ズ^3 ) ） そのままでも6分で解けました。やればよかったー。ワープポイント片方は使う直前に設置するだけだから、 きっとちょっと考えれば 2 乗 にできてそれが正解なんだろうなーと思って、でも考えずに他を
やってました（その認識自体は間違ってないと思うんですが…）。
次数300の点が1677万個のBFSをsetでvisited管理しててこんなもんなのか。
次のボーダー100位は、今回でいうと45点が安全圏か。2問に絞って small / large 両取り狙いだな。
17:22 08/08/07 火星 Round 3 で早くも終わってました。チーム名
Macrott です。 全然駄目なことは自分でも承知てますがここまでサックリやられるとは思わなんだ。
Lightning のやつは火星人賢くない前提で回避してたような気がするからそのせいかな…。 街路ビュ Google地図のストリートビュー、オーストラリアでも見られるようになってました。 自宅さらしあげ。 普段居るところ。 同じデータベースで、逆向きの検索…写真送ったら住所返すサービスも、難易度ははるか上だろうけど 技術的にある程度可能になってる気がするんですが、それは本当にプライバシー等々で難しいだろうなあ。
17:44 08/08/06 イヌネ コＸ
Re : わんにゃん3 お忙しそうなところ、ホント長々とすみません。まとめる方向で…
私は、実行時にspeakすること（dynamic）が必要な状況を思いつきませんでした。今でも分かりません
私も、そもそもプログラムで犬猫を順番に鳴かせることが必要な状況を思いつきません。
そういう話ではなく、あれは、あくまで多態のひとつの「例」です。speak の代わりに toString でもいいし、 redraw でもいいし、 uflow でもいいし ++ と * でもいい。 「 これら（に代表される）全てで dynamic 多態は不要」とお考えでしょうか。
そうではないと思いますが…。 例の表で行くと 、Bruce Eckel は 「 nonintrusive-implicit- dynamic だけあればいい （interfaceなしで多態はできる。静的型不要テストだテスト） 」 という立場です。 その根拠としてあのエッセイのコードがあります。
そういう文脈にある(*)
Python や Java のコードに対し て 「 C++ ならもっと（or 同程度に）巧くできるよ 」 と言って持ち出すコードは、論理的に言って、元でできた必要な多態のパターンをカバーして いなければならないはずです。 そうなっていなかったので（dynamic な部分をカバーできていないので）、おかしい、というのが、 繰り返しになりますが私の主張です。それだけです。 （* あ、たぶんそうではないと思いますが一応… 最初に 本論はどうでもよかった と 断っておられるのが 「 この文脈からも切り離してコードを論じようとしていた」という意味であれば、
その文脈を切り離して元のコードを論ずるのはおかしいという主張、と言った方が適切になりますね。
逆に言うと、この文脈から切り離して論じるなら、cons型リストや const char* で表示するのも 完全な解だと同意します。その点については全く異論ありません。ただ、文脈を切り離すなら、 「 彼らは依然として、彼らの言語が最上であると信じている。よろしい、ならばC++だ
」 という言及は 不適切でしょう。） ☆ 「 多態 ⇒ speakというメソッドを持った異なるクラスのオブジェクトを統一的に扱う、という図式 」 というのが 「 多態といえば必ず true polymorfisimじゃ無いと駄目だろう 」 的な意味であれば、 そういった前提は特にありません。何かしらのtrue polymorfisimは無いと駄目という前提です。 私個人は型大好き型が無いと死ぬ人間なので、static な方も無いと駄目だろうと思っていて、 だから Bruce Eckel の主張には全く同意できませんが、それはまあ今回はどうでもよくて。 あの speak の例単体を static な方法で 、C++ で書けるのは確かです。 そして、C++ の static duck typing には静的な型安全性や実行効率、メタ情報処理の可能性等々、 dynamic な duck typing にない利点が多々あるのも （Bruce Eckel が同意するかどうかはともかく）確かです。 なので元の例に対し 、 「 dynamic な duck type はできないが 、C++ なら代わりに色々なものを得た こんなコードが書ける 」 という一長一短な例として、最初のコード を出すのはアリだと思います。dynamic duck typing ができないことで失われる物 との得失差を考える と C++ の方が凄いという方向に論を進めることさえ、可能であろうと思います。
こう、データとアルゴリズムの分離によるコードの
Generic 化を進めると static な多態の司る領域が増えていくよみたいな議論とか、パラメタ化された型に 関するディスパッチは static な型情報を元にやると便利だよとか、 自分としても色々考えてみたいことが（以下略。 そういう主張を意図しておられたのであれば、すみません、まったく読み取れてませんでした、 そしてそういう、dynamic じゃなきゃできないことだけが多態じゃないぜ、という方向には何ら異論ありません。
22:12 08/08/05 Runtime Concept 何か書こうと思って調べてたら、既にこのテーマのちゃんとした解説が存在していました！
みんな→ 今週の茶袋：introduction to runtime concept 見るべき。見たらここから下読む必要ないですが、 えーと、一応、問題としては、 # include < iostream > class
Cat { public : void speak ( ) { std:: cout << " meow ! " << std::endl ; } } ; class Dog { public : void speak ( ) { std:: cout << " woof ! " << std::endl ; } } ; int main ( ) { Speakable s = new Cat ; s.speak( ) ; s = new Dog ; s.speak ( ) ; } こういうことができる、 「 speak できるものならなんでも格納できる型 Speakable 」 を C++ で 作りたい衝動にかられた時どうすればいいか、という話があります。解としては、例えばこう。メモリ管理手抜きですが。 （あと " speak " が 3 回に分かれて登場しているのが汎用性の点で面倒なので 実際はトリックで 1 箇所にまとめられたりしますが余りにも例示としては酷いので普通の書き方で。） # include < boost / shared_ptr.hpp > class Speakable { struct ProxyBase { virtual ~ ProxyBase ( ) {} virtual void speak ( ) = 0 ; } ; template < class T > struct Proxy : ProxyBase { boost :: shared_ptr<T> p ; Proxy ( T* p ) : p( p ) {} virtual void speak ( ) { p->speak( ) ; } } ; boost :: shared_ptr< ProxyBase > p ; public : Speakable ( ) {} template < class T> Speakable ( T* p ) : p ( new Proxy < T >( p ) ) {} virtual void speak ( ) { p->speak( ) ; } } ; まあ、詳細はどうでもよくてですね、お気づきの方も多いと思われますが、 これは「 operator ( )
できるものならなんでも格納できる型が欲しい」と全く同じ形の問題です。つまり、
Boost .
Function や Loki の Functor と同じことをやっていて、 実装に使われているテクニックも全く同じ 。Modern C++ Design で１章割いて解説されています。あるいは、
Boost .
Any が、 これのメソッド無し版のようなものなので、ソースは非常にシンプルですがキーアイデアは全部詰まっています。 こっちのソース見るのもわかりやすいかも。 要は、界面（この例で は
Speakable のコンストラクタ）ではテンプレートで静的な型情報
T を捕まえて、 内部に変数として保持するときは継承と virtual 関数を使って動的な形で、静的には 型 T を 忘れた 形( ProxyBase ) で持ちます。 この技法自体のライブラリ化も過去に何通りかの方法でなされていて、 dynamic_any ( template ベースのインターフェイス ) 、
BIL ( preprocessor ベースのインターフェイス ) などが有名です…が、どっちも絶賛放置中ですね。 分類 shinhさんとこの分類表 だと nonintrusive - implicit - dynamic - typed かな。 C++ でも、nonintrusive -implicit-static - typed が必要なだけなら こんなテクニックまったく要らないので、そこんとこ注意。
（ " X " を定義する側は一切何もしなくていいという意味で implicit なんだけど 、 " Duck " として使いたい 側 が " Duck " と明示しないといけな い ＆" Duck " とはなんぞやを明示的に 定義しないといけないという意味では explicit なんだよね。そこんとこどうなのか問題 ）
08:43 08/08/05 イヌネコ３
Re : わんにゃん２ （※申し訳ない。リンク張り忘れてました…）
元々の例を別の言語で書き直したら良くなったと主張するなら、
元と同程度の拡張性を保った例でなければ意味がありませんとstaticでの反論を否定されて、 ご自身でdynamicでの反論を否定されていて、私には何が得なのか未だに分かりません。
わかりにくくてすみません。私の主張をまとめると、こうです。
最初の記事 で提示された C++ のコードは Static な
Duck typing です。 Dynamic なことはできません。 Python の例は Dynamic なことができます。 Static なことだけができても多態の例としては不完全です。 Dynamic なことができなければ意味ないです。 ゆえに、最初の記事 ではまる で Python の例より C++ の例の方が優れているように書かれていますが、 そんなことはありません。 （Bruce のコードとの比較でいえば、Pet クラスがない、 型安全、の二点では優れていると言うことはできるでしょう。しかしその代わりに
Dynamic なメソッド呼び出しを無くしては、そもそも例として成立してません）
1 . と 2 . は同意いただけているように思います。3. はどうでしょうか。 もちろんそちらは static / dynamicなんて書いていない です。これは id : gnarlさん が提示した主張 ── 多態の例を論ずるのに Dynamic な話を外すのはおかしい、という主張です。 「 staticだけで良いとも書いていません。 」 とのことなので、 3 . については否定も肯定もされておられないようです。しかし私は「static
だけでは良くない 」と主張します。 そして 、1 . 2 . 3 . から 4 . が論理的に導かれます。そして 4 . が私の言いたいことです。 他に言いたいことはありません。 追記： あ、これでは Dynamic な例を持ち出すと 何が得なのか～ の直接的な答えになっていませんでした。 すみませんすみません。ええと 、Dynamic な例抜きでは、上 の 1 . の最後 " Dynamic なことはできません " や 2 . の " Dynamic なことができます " という議論をすることができません。そしてそれを論じなければ、 （この点ではまだ同意に至っていませんが）主張
3 . より、 元の Python での実装 と C++ での実装の良し悪しを比較することはできません。
その比較が可能になるところが「得」です。 枝道として 上記の主張 1 . に対して、 「 あの C++のコードは
Dynamic でないが、それは C++ があの例を Dynaminc に扱えないことを意味するものではない 」 という異論はあり得ると思いました。 これはその通りです。しかし、そういうコードは明らかに基底クラス
Pet を使うよりも複雑になります（これも同意いただけると思います）。従って、Dynamic な コードを書いてもやは り
Bruce の元記事への反論にはならないだろう、という補足を、 先日、先々日の私の記事には含めてあります。 上記の主 張
3 . に対して、 「 そもそも元 の
Bruce の例は多態の話ではない、なんでここで多態が出てくるの？ 」 という異論がありうることは……想定していませんでしたが、結局、こちらとそちらの意見が合わない部分というのは、 どうも、そういう話なのでしょうか。 私の読解した限りでは、元 の
Bruce の記事の例は、 「 speakというメソッドを持った異なるクラスのオブジェクトを統一的に扱いたい場合
（要は 多態 したい場合） 、 Javaだといちいちinterface定義して継承しないといけない面倒くさい。Pythonならそんなもの要らぬ 」 という例であって、 「 " meow !
woof
" という文字列を標準出力に表示したい場合、 Javaだといちいちinterface定義して継承しないといけない面倒くさい。Pythonならそんなもの要らぬ 」
という例ではないと思うのですが。後者のように解釈されているのであれば、それは誤読だと思いますよ。 「 では次のコードは拡張性のないコードにあたるのでしょうか、あたらないのでしょうか 」 で上げてくださったコードは、今度は、対象とするメソッドが全て定数文字列を標準出力に表示するのみ、
という場合に固定されてますよね。拡張性無いです。
Pet or Object いえ、前の例も上の例 もJavaのよう なObjectをテンプレートで実装すれば可能ですよね ～(略 ) ～ で、おっしゃる通り 、C++ だと、 「派生しない」ように書くことはできても、
Pet クラスに似た何かの定義を省くことはできそうにありません。
Petではな くObjectです。 いえ、不可能です、少なくとも私の知識の範囲では。あと、Object ではなく Pet です。 Object クラスは speak ( ) というメソッドについて何も知りません。
Pet クラスは speak ( ) について知っています。端的に言えば、Object クラスの定義に speak という文字列は 登場しません が
、Pet クラスの定義には登場します。私が デフォルトの共通基底 型
Object や
Pet クラスに似た何か と述べたときは、そのような区別を意図していました。 わかりにくかったらすみません。 そして、私の知る限りでは、例え ば C++ で vector < SomeClass > pets ; pets.push_back ( new Cat ) ; pets.push_back ( new Dog ) ; command ( pets[rand ( ) %2 ] ) ; // ここでどうにかして speak メソッドを呼び出す こういう書き方を可能にするためには 、SomeClass クラスが speak メソッドについて知っている必要があります。 なので 、Javaのよう なObjectでは不可能で 、ObjectではなくPetに似たクラスの定義が結局必要になります。
もし speak という特定のメソッド依存でない方法でこれが可能なSomeClassクラスの作り方をご存じなら、
それは物凄いことだと思いますので、コードを公開していただけると冗談でなく泣いて喜びます。
あと、それが可能なら、上記の「枝道として 1.」の私の主張が崩れますのでその部分は撤回します。
C++ は犬猫の例を Python のように Dynamic に扱えることになると思います 。
11:11 08/08/04 イヌネコ２
Re : わんにゃん Objectを使えないのがC++のstatic duck typing と他のdynamic duck typing の違いですか？ それとももっと別のものなのでしょうか 。
～(略 ) ～
共通基底を使わないで書けといわれたら書けません。 私にはObjectも共通基底にしか見えないのですが、ちがうのでしょうか。
別のものです。ちがいます。 なぜなら、たとえ C++ に全オブジェクトのルートクラスたる
Object があったとしても、 先日私が書いた Java のコードのような書き方はできないからです。 Object* pets [ ] = {new Cat , new Dog} ; for ( int i=0 ; i< 2 ; ++i ) command ( pets [ i ] ) ; command の中で speak ( ) を呼ぶ手段は存在しません。 （いや、正確にはこの例だけなら if ( typeid(*obj) ==typeid( Cat ) ) ～ とかなんとかイヌとネコで分岐すれば書けますが、Bob が増えた瞬間にその command は使えなくなりますので、 やっぱりそれでは書けてることになりません。） 従って、 「 デフォルトの共通基底 型 Object があること」は、この例においては、 C++とその他の言語の差ではありません。 Java には getClass ( ) .
get Method ～ があるので、実行時に ( dynamicに ) 、speakを実装している 任意のオブジェクトから speak を呼び出せます 。Python の例も構文は違いますが やっていることは全く同じです 。C++ にはその手段がありません。 共通基底型があることではなく、「dynamic
にメソッドを取り出せるかどうか」が、違いです。
OCaml の例などはまた違うことが起きているので、そちらはまた別の話になりますけれども。 もちろん C++ でも class
Pet { public : virtual void speak ( ) = 0 ; } のように、speak を実装済みであることを示す共通の 型
Pet を定義して、全ての speak できるクラスはこ の
Pet から継承するようにすれば、dynamic にメソッドを取り出せるようになります。 でもこれだと 、wiseler さんの言葉を借りれば
Petという意味の無 いclassが存在 してしまいますね。 また共通基底を使うことが特定の例に特化した拡張性のないコードを書くことにあたるのですか？ いいえ。コンパイル時に配列の長さと全ての要素のとりうるパターンが有限通りに決定している場合にだけ適用できるコードを書くことが、特定の例に特化した拡張性のないコードを書くことにあたります。 何が正解か というか、どうして犬猫からそういった発展をしなければいけないのかもよくわかりません。 あなたがプログラム上で使う配列は全てコンパイル時に長さと要素のとりうるパターンが有限通りに決定している のでしょうか？それならばおっしゃる通り発展しなくてもよいと思いますが、そんなことはありませんよね。 あ、 「 犬猫の例のような duck typing 的使い方をする配列に関しては、 全て、コンパイル時に長さと要素のとりうるパターンが有限通りに 決定しているべきである 」 という可能性はあると思います。 これが成り立つならば、確かにあのように発展する必要はまったくありません。その通りです。 ただ、これがプログラマの間での自明の共有認識ということはないと思いますし、 実際使われている
Python や
Ruby のプログラムもそうなっていないことも多いです。 なので、もしそう主張されたいのであれば、
「べきである」理由を論じていただけると嬉しいです。
例えばテンプレートをつかってclassを無理やり閉じ込めて、
std::vector使って書けば（私には書けませんが）書けるのでしょうが、
それで共通基底を使わないことになるのかどうかも疑問です。
それが正解だとすると、私にはこの例こそ疑問です。 この例こそ疑問 な理由がわからないのですが、加算機生成の例と対比されてることからすると、
C++ の手足を巧妙にもぐような恣意的な例だから疑問、ということでしょうか。それでしたら、
１個上の段落に戻って「こんなコードは実際のプログラムでは使うべきでない恣意的な例だ」と示していただけますか。
私の感覚では、static ducktyping では足りない dynamic な処理は 、 C++ でも実際にclassを無理やり閉じ込め云々する技法によって広く使われているので、特に恣意的とも思えませんので。
関連するようなしないような話になりますが、 ちょっと 「
Pet というクラスの定義やそこからの派生の必要がなくなると、そもそも何故嬉しいのか？ 」 というポイントに立ち返ってみます。私の考えでは、大きく分けて２つ嬉しいポイントがあります。
Pet というクラスを定義しなくていいので嬉しい。手間が省けて楽ちん 派生しなくていいので嬉しい 。
Cat や
Dog を定義する側がどういう使い方ができるかまで全部ガッチガチに規定するのではなく、 あとで、使う側が、たとえば 「 " speak ( ) できる " っていう基準でオブジェクトをひとまとめに分類したい 」 と思ったら好き勝手にそういう使い方ができる。 （→ non-intrusive性） で、おっしゃる通り 、C++ だと、 「派生しない」ように書くことはできても、
Pet クラスに似た何かの定義を省くことはできそうにありません。なので、嬉しいポイントが
1 . だけだとすると、 手間は全然省けてませんから私にも 共通基底を使わないことになるのかどうかも疑問 です。 ついでにいえば、元々の Bruce Eckel 氏の記事 は（ナナメ読みですけど）ポイン ト
1 . に話を絞ってるように思えたので、 classを無理やり閉じ込めて云々する解法は元記事に対する反論としては意味ないよなあ、
と私は先日の記事を結びました（結んだつもりでした）。 しかし、ところでポイント 2 . もまた嬉しいポイントです。 static 版はもちろん、dynamic 版も実際 に
Boost 等の鍵となる技術として使われています （→ 再びid : Cryolite氏の記事）。 自分としては 1 . はどうでもいいので 2 . の方がよっぽど重要です。 これが使えなくなると、かなり書けるコードに制約がかかりますので、 ducktyping は static で十分だとはとても思えないのです 。
12:34 08/08/03 Google Code Jam 2008 Round 2 Google Code Jam の Round 2 でした。 某 Cup に撃墜されながら 頭をコンテストモードに慣らして参戦 。 A は、各ノードについて 「 ここを 0 にする最小コスト 」 と「 1 にする最小コスト 」 ( できないなら∞ ) を ボトムアップに計算。例えば AND - CHANGABLE なノードを 1 にする最小コストは min( 左の子を1にする最小コスト+右の子を1にする最小コスト , 1+min( 左の子を1にする最小コスト,右の子を1にする最小コスト ) )
とかそんな感じに、下から計算していける。 O ( M ) 。 B は、( x1,y1 ) =( 0,0 ) と固定していい（範囲内の三角形は、平行移動すれば( 0,0 ) , ( N,0 ) , ( 0 , M ) , ( N , M ) の
どれかには必ず頂点をぶつけられるのでそこを原点と見なしてOK）ので残り4座標
O( N ^2M^2 ) で全部 試すコード で
Small を通す。最初原点固定でいいことに気づかず30分近く苦戦してました。 しばらく考えてたら ( x2, y2 ) = ( 1 , M ) も固定でいい（三角形の面積 は
|x2y3-x3y2|/2 = | Mx3 - y3|/2 なので x3 =( A + ( M - 1 ) ) / M , y3 はその余り , みたいにすれ ば 0 ～NM / 2 の全ての 面積が作れる）のに気づいたので
Large はそれで 。O ( 1 ) 。これはひどい。 C は、3 次元と絶対値と割り算
と" 10 pt " を見て逃げることを決意。 というか、もう点数は足りてると思ったので
D の方ばっかり考えてました。 D は 、 Small は 全Permutation 試して実際に圧縮してみるだけ O(k ! | S| ) 。
Large は、とりあえず、前計算しておけ ば Permutation を１個固定したときの圧縮後サイズ計算は
| S| に依存せず可能。例え ば Permutation が { 3 , 1 , 2 , 4} だったら、圧縮後サイズは、要は左から右に読んでって 文字が変わる回数なので、( S [ 4i+3 ] != S [ 4i+1 ] な i の個数 ) + ( S [ 4i+1 ] ! =S [ 4i+2 ] な i の個数 ) + ( S [ 4i+2 ] !=S [ 4i+4 ] な i の個数 ) + ( S [ 4i+4 ] !=S [ 4 ( i+1 ) +3 ] な i の個数 ) とかだいたいそのくらいになって、 各 ( ～ な i の個数 ) は O( k ^ 2|S| ) くらいかけて k*k のテーブル作っておけば定数時間で引ける、と。 このテーブルを d として、あとは、最適 なPermutation をメモ化探索。best ( 1 , { 2,3,4} ) = min( d [ 1 ] [ 2 ] + best ( 2 , { 3,4} ) , d[ 1 ] [ 3 ] + best ( 3 , { 2,4} ) , d [ 1 ] [ 4 ] + best ( 4 , { 2,3} ) ) みたいな再帰。 best ( ここまでに使った最右の添字 , 残ってる添え字集合 ) 。O( k 2^k ) です。実際 Submit したコードは 境界の処理をもっといい加減に総当たりしてたので
Large 解くの に3 分かかって焦りました。 （※ あー、やっぱり端っこの処理で O( k ^2 2^k ) は要るかも？） 戦略 基本的には 一番ミスが少なく書けると思えるアルゴリズムで、とりあえず
Small を解く。 （それが計算量的 に
Large を解けないアルゴリズムでも気にしない。 逆に、今回 のAとかは全探索よりも上記 のDPの方が絶対ミス少ないと思ったので、 そういう場合はいきなり Small / Large 共用ソースで行く。 ）
Small 通す。これでテスト入力ゲット 。Small 解が正しいことはシステムが保証してくれてるので、 同時に正しい出力もゲット 。
Large を頑張る。さっき入手したテストデータを使えば、間違ってるかどうか手元でテストできる上に、
Small の出力と比較するとどこが間違ってるかまでわかる。お得。 なんですけど、みなさんどんな感じなんだろう。最終的に見ると
Small 専用コードを書く時間が無駄に 見えなくもないのですが、他の選択肢 「 テストデータ無しでいきなり 対 Large コードを書く 」 or 「 テストデータを自分の 手 で 2,3個作 る + 対 Large コードを書く 」 は、自分の場合それ以上に時間かかる 気がするんですよね 。
13:37 08/08/01 イヌネコ そうですね、Javaの例もいただきたいのですが、誰も書いてくれません
ということらしいので。 class Cat { public void speak ( ) { System.out.println ( " meow ! " ) ; } } class Dog { public void speak ( ) { System.out.println ( " woof ! " ) ; } } class Bob { public void speak ( ) { System.out.println ( " hello , welcome to the neighborhood ! " ) ; } } public class PetTest { static void command ( Object obj ) throws Exception { obj.getClass ( ).getMethod( " speak " ) .invoke ( obj ) ; } public static void main ( String [ ] arg ) throws Exception { Object [ ] pets = { new Cat( ) , new Dog ( ) , new Bob ( ) } ; for ( Object pet : pets ) command ( pet ) ; } } でいいんじゃないのかな。少なくとも、 getClass ( ) .getMethod ( " ～ " ) .invoke が C++ のテンプレートの嵐より簡潔さに欠けると言うことはないと思います。 静的な型安全性が無いのは C++ 版に劣るところですが、id:wiseler さん的に Python や Lisp の例は OK らしいので、そこは最大の焦点でないととりあえず判断しました。さて、ところで、 public static void main ( String [ ] arg ) throws Exception { // 引数で指定された匹数ネコとイヌが交互に並ぶ int n = Integer.parseInt ( arg [ 0 ] ) ; Object [ ] pets = new Object[n ] ; for ( int i=0 ; i< n ; ++i ) pets [ i ] = ( i%2==0 ? new Cat( ) : new Dog( ) ) ; for ( Object pet : pets ) command ( pet ) ; } static / dynamic duck typingの違い を問題にして何が得になるかというと、 「↑ こういうことは Java でも Common Lisp でも Scala でも Python でも楽勝で書けますが 、
C++ はこれををまともに書けるんでしょうか？ 」
という考察ができる所ではないかと思います。 一番最初のコードのように、共通の基底クラス
Pet から Cat や
Dog が派生していれば、簡単ですね。 でも共通基底を使わず に C++ でこれが書けますか？ 特定の例に特化した拡張性のないコードを書けば簡潔になるのは当たり前ですから、
元々の例を別の言語で書き直したら良くなったと主張するなら、元と同程度の拡張性を保った例でなければ
意味がありません。 ※ いや、もちろん 、Cat や
Dog に基底クラスなんぞ導入せず型安全性を保ったまま上のように動的な配列に するくら い
C++ 信者の自分としては朝飯前ですが、それが簡潔で美しいコードになるかというと疑問だなあ…と
presented by k.inaba ( kiki .a.t. kmonos.net ) under
With over 170 distinct religions counted , the religious make - up of the UK is diverse , complex and multicultural .
The 2011 Census shows that minority and alternative religions are steadily growing , as is Islam .
Less than half of the British people believe in a God and from 2009 the annual British Social Attitudes results has revealed that over 50 % of us say we 're not religious 1 and a 2014 YouGov poll saw 77 % of the British public say they 're not very , or not at all , religious 2 .
Comprehensive professional research in 2006 by Tearfund found that two thirds ( 66 % - 32.2 million people ) in the UK have no connection with any religion or church 3 .
However people continue to put down what they think is their " official " religion on official forms .
As a result of this Census Effect in the 2011 National Census , 59.3 % of us put their religion down as " Christian " 4 .
Half of those who say they have no religion to pollsters still put one down on the 2011 Census .
Even despite this , Christian numbers are substantially down from the 2001 figure of 72 % .
Religion in Britain has suffered an immense general decline since the 1950s .
Between 1979 and 2005 , half of all Christians stopped going to church on a Sunday .
Four in five britons want religion to be private , not public , and have no place in politics 5 .
All indicators show a continued secularisation of British society in line with other European countries such as France .
1. Organized Religion in Britain
“ This secular majority presents a major challenge to churches .
Most of them - 29.3 million - are unreceptive and closed to attending church ; churchgoing is simply not on their agenda . ”
Tearfund ( 2007 ) on 2006 research 3
The primary social research tool in Britain is the British Social Attitudes Survey , an annual mini-census .
In 2009 ' No religion ' was stated by 50.7 % of the UK population 1 .
Comprehensive professional research in 2006 by Tearfund found that two thirds ( 66 % - 32.2 million people ) in the UK have no connection with any religion or church 3 , a figure which meshes perfectly with another poll in the same year that saw 63 % say they are not religious 6 .
A decade ago , headcounts revealed that just over 6 % of the population go to church on a Sunday 7 ( for every 6 who do , 94 do not ) .
In 2003 August , only 18 % of the British public said they were a practicing member of an organized religion , 25 % they were members of a world religion 8 .
According to these results , one fifth of self - declared members would also not describe themselves as actually practicing that religion .
17 % of the population responded that religion was one of the most significant factors in their lives .
A persons ' own experience , parents , education and friends come first for nearly everyone 8 . ( 2003 )
Those who do profess religion in the UK are largely inactive .
A 2007 poll commissioned by the British Library found that 50 % of religious folk " do not practice religion very much , if at all " 9 , with Christians being the most inactive .
A 2014 poll found similar results , with 50 % of British Jews saying that they are not at all religious 10 .
Muslims were most religious , with only 7 % saying they 're not 10 .
A large 2006 poll of year 9 and 10 teenagers in Cornwall found that only 19 % said that they ' have a religious faith ' 7 .
If these teenagers reflect the future , British religiosity is going to continue to drop .
One single fact can be found in all of the statistics : Britons are mostly non-religious and are increasingly both innocent and ignorant of religion .
The cultural attachment to Christianity in general lives on and Monica Furlong in her year 2000 comprehensive review of the state of English religion summarizes the English in the same way as Grace Davies who wrote " Religion in Britain since 1945 : Believing without Belonging 11 " : by saying the English " believe without belonging " to Christianity .
That is , many profess belief but do not take part in organized religion .
Subsequent scholars ( and we will see much supporting evidence below ) have doubted whether we believe at all ; one said we " do n't believe , and do n't belong " .
“ In the twenty years between 1980 and 2000 the Church of England suffered a 27 per cent decline in church membership .
The Roman Catholic Church suffered a similar decline in the same period in mass attendance .
Methodists , Baptists and others suffered decline too , though in all the churches , it must be said , there have been significant successes in certain churches and particular enterprises .
The only institutional church which has continued to grow has been the Orthodox Church - Greek and Russian - where demand for churches exceeds supply , mainly because of immigration from Orthodox countries .
There is a rather touching footnote to all this , which is that people questioned about how much they go to church , give figures which , if true , would add up to twice those given by the churches . ”
" The C of E : The State It 's In " by Monica Furlong ( 2000 ) 12
1964 1970 1983 1992 2005 Belong to a religion and attend services 74 % 71 % 55 % 37 % 31 % Does not belong 3 % 5 % 26 % 31 % 38 % Source : British Social Attitudes ( 2006/7 ) 13
Those who ' do not belong ' have first shed the practical and theoretical underpinnings of their religion , before finally overcoming social pressure to " state your religion " .
There are many who are not at the later stages of this secularisation process , so they still say they ' belong ' , although they are in the process of forgetting & discarding the physical and mental aspects of what they say they belong to .
So why do so many people say they are Christian ?
Sociologists know that if they count heads and ask about beliefs , more people say they belong to a religion , and say they have the beliefs of a particular religion , than actually do .
People over - state their own religiosity ; that 's why statistics from polls will often give higher percentages of ' believers ' than will head - counting and deeper investigations .
To read about this , click here : " Institutionalized Religions Have Their Numbers Inflated by National Polls " by Vexen Crabtree ( 2009 ) .
Year 2000 snapshots :
In 2000 , 60 per cent of the population claimed to belong to a specific religion with 55 per cent being Christian .
However , half of all adults aged 18 and over who belonged to a religion have never attended a religious service .
14
48 % of people in the UK claim to belong to a religion , compared with 86 % of people in the US and 92 % of Italians .
From BBC 's report " UK is ' losing ' its religion " ( 2000 ) 15 .
Church attendance in 1999 was 7.5 % on an average Sunday , down from 10 % in 1989 and 12 % in 1979 .
2. Politics and Religion 16
The historical dominance of Christianity power in England led to the full institutionalizing of Christianity .
Christianity is the ' established religion ' of the UK .
Although much of this is reversed - public offices are no longer restricted to members of Catholic or Protestant denominations , some oddities do still remain .
For example " the Church of England is required by law to display a complete , accessible Bible in all its places of worship " 17 .
There is no similar law placing requirements on Mosques or Synagogues .
Such an outdated law is nowadays considered improper : the state has no right to interfere in such a way .
Most of the time the legal entanglement of Church and State involve the former having disproportionate or improper influence on the latter .
Bishops still sit in the House of Lords ( the UK 's second chamber of government ) - " Britain is the only country left in the democratic world that allows clerics to sit in its legislature as of right " 18 .
Although there is a long - lasting " disestablishment " movement in the UK , the public do not know enough about religion to be roused to either oppose or support it .
The government tends not to devote much time to actively dismantling such apparatus because even though it is an democratic embarrassment , the public themselves do n't often notice .
In a 2012 poll conducted by YouGov and BSAS , 81 % of the British stated that religion is a private matter , and should be separate from politics ( only 6 % thought otherwise ) , and 71 % said that religious leaders should not influence the government 19 .
Only 7 % think that Britain would be a better place if more religious leaders held public office 19 .
Battles between Christian powers and democratic propriety have a long history .
These links are to another page :
3. Census Results for 2011 , and Comparison to 2001 20
Almost all minority religions that appeared in 2001 and 2011 Census results have grown over the 10 years .
Christianity has plummeted , although there is almost universal agreement amongst sociologists that the decline is amongst who have for a long time have not held Christian beliefs - or any other religious beliefs .
The decline is caused by people ceasing to put " Christian " because they think it is the right answer ; and putting , correctly " no religion " instead .
Please note that in the 2001 Census , the population was 52.4 million ; in the 2011 one it was 56.1 million , which is a 7 % increase .
Any category in these results that has not grown by 7 % has actually shrunk , in terms of its penetration of the populace .
4. Ignorance of Religion
The British public , both adults and children , are almost wholly ignorant of the basic facts surrounding Christianity and other world religions .
The Ofsted report on Religious Education ( RE ) in schools ( 2007 ) states that there is a problem even with teachers ' insufficient knowledge of RE at primary school level 23 and likewise with recruiting the correct specialists at secondary school level 23 .
Not many people seem to mind , as religious education is seen as easy , and the lessons themselves often used for discussions of current affairs rather than religious studies .
There is a pandemic innocence of knowledge about religion .
“ Children who do not come from churchgoing homes - as I did not - now grow up largely ignorant of Christian ideas in a way unimaginable half a century ago . [...]
The comments about religion by journalists in the press and on television [...] suggest that even the basic Christian ideas are no longer understood by university - educated people , still less by others .
Indeed even churchgoers can reveal an ignorance of the main elements of Christian belief . ”
" The C of E : The State It 's In " by Monica Furlong ( 2000 ) 24
In data revealed in a Mori poll from 2003 Aug , only 55 % of the English population could name one of the four Christian gospels ( Matthew , Mark , Luke or John ) .
Slightly more , 60 % , could name the sacred book used by Muslims : the Qur'an .
Religious education seems all round to be shunned , and this goes hand in hand with the obvious lack of concern the average British person has for religious matters .
“ When I asked the Very Reverend David Edwards , the author of over thirty books on modern Christianity , for his assessment of the state of spirituality in England , he just told me bleakly that ' The English have lost any sense of what religion is ' . ”
" The English " by Jeremy Paxman ( 1998 ) 25
5. Belief in God , the Afterlife , Souls and Spiritual Things
5.1 . Belief in God
Many large - scale polls indicate that less than half the British public believe in God , with the larger ones showing a rate of 34 - 35 % .
Polls of teenagers up to 24 year olds show a lower rate of up to 25 % .
Date Details Belief in God 2013 You Gov poll of 18 - 24 year olds 26 25 % 2011 64,000 representative adults polled .
34 % believed in a personal ( theist ) or non-intervening ( deist ) God , 10 % in a generic " higher power " 5 34 % 2008 1000 people were polled both in the UK and the USA and asked " Do you believe there is a God ? " .
Less than 40 % in the UK said yes , compared with 80 % in the USA .
27 < 40 % 2006 12507 people were polled , finding that only 35 % in Great Britain believe in any kind of God or supreme being , compared to 27 % in France , 62 % in Italy , 48 % in Spain , 41 % in Germany and 73 % in the USA .
28 35 % 2006 Poll of 4000 older teenagers in Cornwall found that only 22 % could affirm that they believed in God , and 49 % said they did n't .
29 22 % 2003 1001 British adults surveyed 8 . 60 % 2003 55 % of the British public do not believe in a higher being 30 .
45 % inc. those unsure
If the poll of 4000 year 9 & 10 teenagers 29 indicates what the future holds , then we can expect belief in God to continue to fall over the next few decades .
Sociologist David Voas is additionally skeptical even of those who say they believe in God .
He says that deeper research reveals that British people 's religious believes are not deeply held even when they say " yes " they believe in God , and , such beliefs are rarely acted upon .
He says " we cannot conclude from the fact that people tell pollsters they believe in God that they give the matter any thought , find it significant , will feel the same next year , or plan to do anything about it " 31 .
5.2 . Belief in the Afterlife
In 2013 , only 33 % of the British public said that they believe in an afterlife 32 .
A older poll in 2003 had 52 % say they believed in Heaven 8 .
In 2008 , under 20 % of Britons said they believed in hell 27 - down from a 2003 poll that placed that figure at 32 % 8 .
If only 33 % believe in an afterlife , and yet , 59 % of Brits put down " Christian " as their religion in the 2011 Census , it is clear that many as half of all those who say they are Christian are actually wrong or are completely ignorant of even the most basic Christian beliefs .
5.3 . Other Beliefs
68 % believed in souls in 2003 8 , meaning that there are many spiritualists who are not theists .
In 2013 , 65 % of the populace revealed no belief Satan - but it is still quite surprising that 18 % still do 33 .
“ Opinion polls in this country do indeed show high levels of belief , but in all sorts of things , including reincarnation ( a quarter of respondents ) , horoscopes ( also a quarter ) , clairvoyance ( almost half ) , ghosts ( nearly a third ) and so on .
It is far from clear that these beliefs make any different to the people claiming them .
Research suggests that casual believers even in astrology , for example , which is distinguished by its practical orientation , rarely do or avoid doing things because of published advice . [...
It ] is a phenomenon one might call ' believing without believing ' .
Views are uninformed , not deeply held , seldom acted upon , and relatively volatile . ”
David Voas
In " Public Faith ?
The State of Religious Belief and Practice in Britain " by Paul Avis ( 2003 ) 34 , 31
Inspirations :
In 2003 : Close friends ( 46 % ) , a walk in the country ( 41 % ) , music or poetry all are more inspirational than Jesus ( 24 % ) or Nelson Mandela ( 20 % ) , and all those plus Princess Diana ( 13 % ) are more inspirational than " a sacred text " with a mere 6 % . 8 .
In 2013 : " Parents ( 82 % ) , Friends ( 77 % ) , Politicians ( 38 % ) , Brands ( 32 % ) and Celebrities ( 21 % ) are all more important to them than religious leaders ( 12 % ) .
That 's right - Nike , Apple , J - Lo and the Jedward Twins are influential , whereas the local Bishops , Priests and other religious figures ... are the least referred to " 26 .
6. Church Attendance in the UK
In 2007 , Tearfund published the following results of their comprehensive review of British Christian religion in 2006 :
“ One in four of the UK adult population say they go to church at least once a year .
[...] 59 % never or practically never go to church . ” One in four of the UK adult population say they go to church at least once a year .
[...] 59 % never or practically never go to church .
Tearfund ( 2007 ) 3
10 % of the UK adult population go to church at least weekly .
15 % attend church at least monthly .
26 % attend church at least yearly .
59 % never or practically never go to church .
Self - disclosure polls of church attendance are generally twice as high as reality .
Actual measures of church attendance have shown that Church attendance in 1999 was 7.5 % , down from 10 % in 1989 and 12 % in 1979 ( declining by about an absolute 2 % per decade ) .
This trend predicts that in 2007 , the rate will be close to 6 % who attend , not the 10 % who think they do according to Tearfund .
This estimate was backed up by the English Church Census 2004 .
The Christian Research group 's fourth English Church Census ( 2004 ) is another professional census whose authors have never shied away from reporting honest statistics , no matter how painful they have been for British Christianity .
37500 churches were invited to take part , and about half did .
Some stark truths of Church attendance between 1998 and 2005 :
Between 1998 and 2005 , half a million people stopped going to church on Sunday 7 .
Daily Telegraph 's religious affairs correspondent , Jonathan Petre , says " While 1,000 new people are joining a church each week , 2,500 are leaving " 35 .
6.3 % of the population go to church on an average Sunday , compared to 7.5 % in 1998 35 .
29 % of churchgoers are 65 or over , compared with 16 % of the population 35 .
Sunday churchgoing is declining at 2.3 % per year , slightly slower than the 1990s rate of 2.7 % per year 7 .
Nearly all Church ' growth ' is due to immigrants .
A massive influx of Polish workers have filled some churches 7 .
" The Roman Catholics have recorded the largest drop [...] , it has halved over the past sixteen years " 36 .
The drop in the 20 - 29 age group was 29 % 36 .
" The fastest rates of decline were among Roman Catholics and Methodists ; whereas the Pentecostal Churches showed significant growth over the period .
As a result , Methodism has dropped to fourth place behind Pentecostalism .
If these rates continue , the C of E will overtake the RC Church within the next four years " 37 .
" London has 11 per cent of all churches in England , and 20 per cent of all churchgoers .
It has 53 per cent of all English Pentecostalists , and 27 per cent of all Charismatic Evangelicals .
Also , it caters for 57 per cent of all worshippers in their 20s .
" I could n't believe that figure myself , and had to check it again , " said Peter Brierley , the director of Christian Research " 37 .
See the full Chart of Sunday Attendance 1989 - 2005 , further down this page .
7. Some Minority Religions in Britain
7.1 . Heathens
Interestingly , the 2001 Census officials included " heathens " in the " no religion " category .
Heathenism is a set of distinct religious beliefs , one of the religions generally called Pagan , along with Druidism , neo Paganism and Wicca .
Although some may put heathen when they do mean " no religion " , some will not .
I do not know if it is more correct to list Heathens as " no religion " or " other religion " .
Asatru , Odinism and other Northern religions are likely to have followers who identify themselves as heathens .
So , like you get Christians who are Protestant and Catholic amongst others , you also get Pagans who are neo Pagan , Wicca , etc , and Heathens who are Asatru , Odinists , etc .
Listing these as non-religious is probably a mistake , unlike the Jedis .
“ The main spiritual paths of Paganism to be found in the UK and the United States are Wicca , Druidry , Shamanism , Goddess Spirituality , Sacred Ecology , Heathenism and various magical groups . ” " Pagan Pathways "
Graham Harvey & Charlotte Hardman ( 1995 ) 38
During email correspondence , the Office for National Statistics revealed further information about the ' Heathen ' category .
They said : " Responses of " Heathen " , with a number of other responses that either indicated no clear religion or faith , or where there was some ambiguity in the term written in , were put in the category of ' No religion ' .
There were less than 300 people included in this way in the ' No religion ' category " .
39
More : " The Jedi Knight Religion , Inspired by Star Wars ( Jediism ) " by Vexen Crabtree ( 2015 )
7.4 . Wicca and Paganism
Pagans , Wiccans and " Witchcraft " folk together make up over 70 000 people in England and Wales , according to the 2011 Census results .
These minorities are not readily discriminated against in the UK as they are in some countries such as the USA .
Maybe this acceptance comes from the UK 's longer history with modern Paganisms .
Professor Hutton states that it is ' the only religion which England has ever given the world ' :
“ The unique significance of pagan witchcraft to history is that it is the only religion which England has ever given the world .
The English have always developed their own distinctive versions of other religious systems ever since their state acquired an identity , but this is the first which has ever originated in it , and spread from there to many other parts of the world . ”
" The Triumph of the Moon : A History of Modern Pagan Witchcraft " by Ronald Hutton ( 1999 ) 49
The following is the final summary on my text on faith schools in the UK , the full text delves into many of the issues introduced below :
“ In 2001 there were 7000 state faith schools in England ( of 25000 ) .
The worst teach creationism / intelligent design and some , although they excel at religious education and Koranic studies , fail on everything else from science to fitness .
Faith schools on the whole take in far fewer poor pupils and fewer of those with special education needs than do non-religious all - inclusive schools .
Conversely , faith schools tend to select better - educated and more well - off pupils .
Reports on the race riots of 2001 criticized faith schools for creating the segregation that increases racial and religious sectarian tensions .
Over 800 studies by social psychologists have found that cooperating and extended contact between racial groups is a very good way of producing positive race relations .
Faith schools sometimes produce better - than - average results , but they also select students based on ability ( despite attempts to stop that ) , whereas state schools accept poorer students in the first place .
The Home Office , National Union of Teachers , Chief Schools Inspector , the Association of Teachers and Lecturers have all spoken out against faith schools .
The United Nations Human Rights Commission and the European Union 's Monitoring Centre on Racism and Xenophobia both recommend non-sectarian education , especially of children , as a means to reduce intolerance .
The National Secular Society has long campaigned for the government to reverse the creation of faith schools ( 100 new ones since 1997 ) , and instead convert faith schools back into all - inclusive secular schools where religion and race do not define the children .
Abolishing faith schools will decrease social tension between ethnic and religious groups , increase the fairness of the schools system ( as religious schools accept fewer poor and disadvantaged students ) , and reduce the scope for religious extremism and indoctrination . ”
" Faith Schools , Sectarian Education and Segregation : Divisive Religious Behavior ( UK Case Study ) " by Vexen Crabtree ( 2010 )
9. Church of England
9.1 . Did the English Ever Belong in Church ?
The English have produced world - class religious clerics and scholars .
Universities and Christian centers of learning proliferated in England .
However the depth of the religious convictions of most Christians is seriously questionable .
From historical " Celtic Christianity " to the modern - day liberal Church of England , many have questioned whether Britains now , or our ancestors in the past , ever really took to Christianity the same as others and whether or not we really were ever in sync with the rest of the Christian East .
Jeremy Paxman in his book studying English personality , history , religion and identity , comments :
“ [ In history , the English ] were not in any meaningful sense religious , the Church of England being a political invention which had elevated being ' a good chap ' to something akin to canonization .
On the occasions when bureaucracy demanded they admit an allegiance , they could write ' C of E ' in the box and know that they would n't be bothered by demands that they attend church ” " The English " by Jeremy Paxman ( 1998 ) 50
Paxman observes that the Church of England is how it is because " that is how the English like their religion - pragmatic , comfortable and unobtrusive " .
Although in recent years evangelical , extreme and fundamentalist Christianity has been slowly catching on .
However the Church of England still remains a " power " within the UK , which can exert pressure through the media .
It is still given press attention although there admittedly more scandal and shock , than awe or reverence .
“ The only sensible conclusion to draw from the uniquely privileged position of the Church of England - its official status , the bishops ' seats in the House of Lords , the Prime Minister 's right to appoint senior clerics and so on - is not that it represents some profound spirituality in the people , but that it suits mutually convenient purposes for state and Church ” " The English " by Jeremy Paxman ( 1998 ) 51
The absolute , institutionalized and symbolic strength of the Church of England has disappeared .
The history of the English finding their identity after the two world wars is a history of the realisation that there is no Christian Britain .
The Church of England , as the following mass of reports , stats and charts show , has recovered from its historical hollow bloat :
The bubble of English commitment to a Christian Church has popped .
“ It is not exaggerated to conclude that between 1960 and 1985 the Church Of England ... was effectively reduced to not much more than half its previous size . ”
" Religion in Britain since 1945 : Believing without Belonging " by Grace Davie ( 1997 ) 11 , 52
“ The number of people who say they are members of the state religion has dropped by 40 % since 1983 , according to a poll by the National Centre for Social Research ( NCSR ) . ”
UK is ' losing ' its religion BBC News ( 2000 ) 15
“ The Church of England is between a rock and a hard place , and there are bitter pills to be swallowed .
The most painful fact with which it has to deal ( along with other churches ) is the all - round drop in numbers : churchgoers , those on the electoral roles , numbers of baptisms , confirmation , church weddings - all have dropped steadily since the 1930s , with consequential loss both of morals and of income .
Much is made of the increase in the numbers of ordinands ( those training for the priesthood ) , but this , the only good news on the table at the time of writing , seems an odd criterion of renewed life - many chiefs and few Indians will scarcely solve the problem . ”
" The C of E : The State It 's In " by Monica Furlong ( 2000 ) 53
“ A report on youth published for the General Synod Board of Education in 1996 , which says that ' the total Sunday attendance at Anglican Churches amongst 14 - to 17 - year - olds is 60,739 ' , a drop of 34.9 per cent since 1987 . [...]
If the same rate continues to apply , there may be no young people at all in the Church in twenty years time .
The report goes on to say that this does not just apply to church services - a similar drop has also been observed in church organisations . ”
" The C of E : The State It 's In " by Monica Furlong ( 2000 ) 54
The following charts and data show a consistent decline across several decades .
Most data show a peak in the 1930s of Church membership and participation .
The decline from then to the 1960s was marked , but slow .
The decline since the 1960s has been rapid and shocking .
The 90s saw the rate of decrease begin to decrease .
I believe that the data of the next decade or two will show us the true numbers of Church of England affiliation .
What I see is that a bubble has burst :
The public are no longer deferring to the Church of England .
As a result , stats have dropped sharply as this change in behaviour occurs .
We will now see real participation data !
We will also see a continued genuine decline in numbers .
9.2 . The Financial Situation of a Doomed Church
“ Between 1990 and 2001 , the Church [ of England ] lost 18 % of its Sunday communicants , 17 % of its clergy ( none of them bishops ) and 1 % of its buildings .
The Church Commissioners ' gradually shrinking endowment of £ 3.5 billion , is about half the value of , say , Yale University 's investments . [...]
Last year , 70 % of gross endowment income went on paying pensions alone . [...]
Donations per head have increased steeply in recent years , in part because the disappearance of working - class believers has left congregations older and wealthier ” The Economist ( 2003 ) 55
The overall picture is of a Church that has lost most its membership and is losing the rest .
Its financial situation is poor and getting worse , with a top - heavy organisation with less and less income for more and more pensioners .
This is a bleak picture , and I do not know that anything will reverse it .
The Churches financial hope is that all the pensioners die before the Church Commissioners ' funds dry up completely .
Drastic measures yet to be introduced , but which I expect , is a culling of bishops and staff .
I do not foresee much building - selling as there are not many buyers who can do anything with old , semi- derelict Churches or huge Cathedrals !
The government , in the future , will need to step in and take ownership or control of decaying Church buildings ( for demolition & conversion to useful buildings ? ) as the Heritage Fund cannot cope ( and would n't be justified ) in paying the costs associated with maintaining these anachronistic structures .
It is difficult to imagine that the Church hierarchy is unaware of the risk - but in 2015 Jan two archbishops still felt the need to warn the ruling Synod of the situation :
“ The Church of England will no longer be able to carry on its current form unless the downward spiral its membership is reversed " as a matter of urgency " , the Archbishops of Canterbury and York have warned . [...]
Dwindling numbers in the pews will inevitably plunge the Church into a financial crisis as it grapples with the " burden " of maintaining thousands of historic buildings , they insisted . ”
The Telegraph ( 2015 ) 56
10 . Sunday Attendance ( 1989 -2005 )
1989 Annual
Change 1998 Annual
Change 2005 1989 -2005
Total Change Roman Catholics ( England ) 1 703 800 - 3.2 % 1 217 800 - 4.2 % 875 600 - 49 % Church of England 1 260 800 - 2.6 % 975 900 - 1.6 % 867 400 - 31 % Pentecostals 236 700 - 0.1 % 214 600 +4.9 % 287 600 + 22 % Methodists 512 300 - 2.9 % 379 700 - 3.4 % 289 400 - 44 % Baptists 270 900 +0.2 % 277 600 - 1.2 % 254 800 - 6 % New Churches 167 000 +2.2 % 200 500 - 1.2 % 183 600 +10 % Independent Churches 298 500 - 4 % 191 600 - 0.2 % 190 500 - 36 % United Reformed 149 300 - 2 % 121 700 - 6.2 % 69 900 - 53 % Total of above : 4 599 300 3 579 400 3 018 800 - 34 %
The Christian Research English Church Census , 2005 7
National Attendance 1979 12 % [ 57 ] - 0.20 / year 1989 10 % [ 57 ] - 0.28 / year 1998 07.5 % [ 7 , 35 ] - 0.17 / year 2005 06.3 % [ 7 ]
These figures only reflect Sunday attendance ; some denominations and churches have experienced increased numbers mid-week , but only involving small numbers compared to the overall decline .
11 . Membership of Christian Churches ( 1975 -2010 )
During the period depicted on the chart above , UK population increased from 56 million to 63 million , with a reduction of church membership dropping from 18 % to 12 % of the total population .
From 2002 onwards , the Electoral roll has included those registered in Europe , which have numbered around 10,000 people .
“ A key element in the fall of church membership which started in the 1950s was an alarming failure to recruit even the offspring of adherents ... between the mid-1950s and 1980 , the number of Church of Scotland Sunday - school pupils almost halved , and a spectacular fall in church baptisms followed ; between 1967 and 1982 , they fell by half in the Church of Scotland and by almost 40 per cent in the Catholic Church . ”
" A Social History of Religion in Scotland since 1730 " by C. Brown ( 1987 ) 59
12 . Ministers ( 1975 - 1992 )
1975 1980 1985 1990 1992 % female 2002 2012 Anglican 15 911 14 654 14 064 14 137 13 920 ( 5.9 % ) 11 522 60 11 375 60 Baptist 2 418 2 469 2 648 2 803 2 936 ( 2.9 % ) Independent 1 575 1 483 2 022 2 786 2 903 ( 2.3 % ) Methodist 2 726 2 632 2 617 2 668 2 657 ( 9.3 % ) Orthodox 126 160 187 241 249 ( 0.0 % ) Other 1 884 1 850 1 922 2 324 2 321 ( 45.4 % ) Pentecostal 1 605 2 243 2 580 3 359 3 462 ( 15.4 % ) Presbyterian 3 776 3 632 3 412 3 159 3 060 ( 10.3 % ) Roman Catholic 8 892 8 854 8 408 7 980 7 798 ( 0.0 % ) Total 38 913 37 977 37 860 39 457 39 306 ( 7.9 % )
“ The turn of the century has seen a decline in the numbers of clergy , though there has been a recent small upturn .
By the year 2000 the Church [ of England ] will have around a thousand less clergy than it had in 1980 - around ten thousand . ”
" The C of E : The State It 's In " by Monica Furlong ( 2000 ) 61
“ The Church [ of Engand ... ] could face a dramatic shortage of priests within a decade as almost half of the current clergy retire , according to the Most Rev Justin Welby and Dr John Sentamu . ”
The Telegraph ( 2015 ) 56
It has been pointed out in multiple sources that British clergy have a peculiarly non-religious nature .
G. K. Chesterton , writing from within Catholic and Anglican communities , writes lightlheartedly that :
“ We all feel angry with an irreligious priesthood ; but some of us would go mad with disgust at a really religious one . ”
" What 's Wrong with the World ? " by G. K. Chesterton ( 1900 ) 62
13 . Churches | Congregations ( 1975 - 1992 )
( denominations in 1992 ) 1975 1980 1985 1990 1992 Anglican ( 7 ) 19 783 19 366 18 892 18 340 18 236 Baptist ( 9 ) 3 619 3 344 3 375 3 627 3 614 Independent ( 27 ) 4 536 4 611 5 331 5 932 5 898 Methodist ( 6 ) 9 066 8 492 7 954 7 591 7 401 Orthodox ( 19 ) 135 150 179 207 218 Other ( 43 ) 1 992 2 004 1 998 2 064 2 148 Pentecostal ( 69 ) 1 655 1 935 2 041 2 143 2 215 Presbyterian ( 13 ) 6 177 5 897 5 650 5 489 5 450 Roman Catholic ( 15 ) 4 104 4 132 4 222 4 297 4 290 Total 51 067 49 931 49 632 49 690 49 470
14 . Religious Adherents ( 1975 to 2001 )
( in millions ) 1975 52 1980 52 1985 52 1990 52 1995 52 2001 45 Trinitarian Churches : Anglicans 27.2 27.1 27.0 26.9 26.7 Baptist 0.6 0.6 0.6 0.6 0.6 Independent 0.5 0.5 0.6 0.8 0.7 Methodist 1.6 1.5 1.3 1.3 1.3 Orthodox 0.4 0.4 0.4 0.5 0.5 Other 0.3 0.3 0.3 0.3 0.3 Pentecostal 0.2 0.3 0.3 0.3 0.4 Presbyterian 1.9 1.7 1.7 1.6 1.5 Roman Catholic 5.5 5.5 5.6 5.6 5.6 Other : Church Of Scientology 0.1 0.2 0.3 0.3 0.4 Other 0.6 0.7 0.8 0.9 0.9 Hindus 0.3 0.4 0.4 0.4 0.4 0.5 Jews 0.4 0.3 0.3 0.3 0.3 0.3 Muslims 0.4 0.6 0.9 1.0 1.1 1.5 Sikhs 0.2 0.3 0.3 0.5 0.6 0.3 Total Trinitarian 38.2 37.9 37.8 37.9 37.6 42.1 Total non-Trinitarian 2.0 2.5 3.0 3.4 3.7 Total Religious 40.2 40.4 40.8 41.3 41.3 45.1 % population Trinitarian 68 67 67 66 64 71.6 % population Other 4 5 5 6 7 Total % 72 72 72 72 71 77.2
Davie ( 1997 ) provides most of the historical data , but , I am not sure that her " Trinitarian " is exactly equal to the 2001 Census ' " Christian " category .
There are certainly non-trinitarian Christians .
Nonetheless , I have transpositioned the numbers of ' Christians ' in the 2001 column for ease of comparison .
More importantly , the Census would have been a radically different context for people to answer as to their religion .
15 . Percentage Rate of Change Per Year ( 1975 - 1995 )
of members
1975 - 1985 of members
1985 -1995 of ministers
1975 -1985 of ministers
1985 -1995 of churches
1975 -1985 of churches
1985 -1995 Anglican - 2.6 - 3.1 - 2.4 - 1.3 - 0.9 - 0.8 Baptist +0.6 - 0.9 +1.8 +2.4 - 1.4 +1.8 Independent +4.1 +3.0 +5.1 +7.6 +3.3 +2.3 Methodist - 3.4 - 2.6 -0.8 0.0 - 2.6 - 2.0 Orthodox +2.6 +5.1 +8.2 +7.8 +5.8 +5.3 Other - 3.9 +0.6 +0.4 +4.3 0.0 +2.0 Pentecostal +5.7 +5.9 +10.0 +7.9 +4.3 +2.0 Presbyterian - 3.3 - 2.9 - 2.0 - 3.1 - 1.8 - 1.2 Roman Catholic - 2.6 - 2.4 - 1.1 - 1.9 +0.6 +0.5 Total - 2.2 - 1.9 - 0.5 +0.4 - 0.6 - 0.1
16 . Percent of Anglican Baptisms of Newborn ( 1885-2010 )
Year Percent 1885 62.3 63 1895 64.1 63 1900 65.0 63 , , 63 1910 68.9 63 1930 ( peak ) 69.9 63 1950 67.2 63 , , 52 1960 55.4 63 , , 64 , , 52 1970 46.6 64 , , 52 1980 1990 27.5 52 2000 2010 12.1 65
The decline in this number from the 1930s was slow , from a peak of about 70 % , but the decline in the number of Anglican baptisms from the 1950s has been rapid .
In the 1990s , 3 out of 10 newborns have been baptised and by 2010 , only 1 out of 10 .
Infant baptism has always been an important source of recruitment for Anglican churches , the slight increase in child and adult baptisms has not made up the numbers .
The Pagan Federation offers baby blessings , as does The National Secular Society and the Family Covenant Association .
So worried is the Church of England , that in 1999 we saw a Church offer its own version for newborns with parents who are not religious .
“ Terry Sanderson , a spokesman for the National Secular Society , said the church seemed to be losing its " core business " , - the " hatch , match and dispatch " trilogy of births , marriages and deaths .
He said : " People want to welcome their child into the world without welcoming them into the church . ”
BBC News ( 1999 ) 66
17 . C of E Confirmations ( 1900 - 2010 )
Year Davie 1997 52 Wilson 1966 1900 29.0 1920 29.3 1930 ( peak ) 31.3 1940 25.1 25.1 1950 27.9 27.9 1960 ( peak ) 31.5 31.5
The percent of 15 year olds confirmed in the Church of England has never been much more than 30 % of the population of England .
Between 1960 and 1982 the actual number of confirmations taking place each year declined by more than 50 % .
It 's not just that people are being confirmed at an older age .
Total confirmations in the age group 12 to 20 years have also decreased from the 1960s 63 .
In 2010 the total number of confirmations was 22,093 , down 3,000 from 2009 65 .
C of E Confirmations , thousands 65
18 . Church of England Colleges and Schools ( 1910 - 1977 )
Year Sunday School Teachers 1910 206 000 1920 171 000 1930 163 000 1939 127 000 1953 98 000 1960 85 000 Bryan Wilson 1966
Year Colleges Places 1961 26 1 663 1977 15 769 Davie 1997 52
19 . Special Events - Easter , Christmas and Marriage 67
These graphs are from data published by the Church of England which show the percent of the total population of England and Wales involved .
The marriages graph has " Anglican " mean " Church of England " or " Church of Wales " , and also shows the % as the total population of England and Wales ( excluding the Isle of Man and Channel Islands ) .
65 You might expect that the National Secular Society would have found statistics that show lower attendance , therefore supporting their cause that organized religion should not be an official part of public politics .
However in 2011 they commented on Christmas attendance and state higher values 68 .
They mention that surveys before Christmas in 2010 saw about a quarter of respondents say that they were going to go to Church over Christmas , but , actual counts of attendance shows that only 11 % did , which is less than half of those who said they would .
This is very similar to the phenomenon by which in official polls , about twice as many say they are religious as actually are .
See " Institutionalized Religions Have Their Numbers Inflated by National Polls " by Vexen Crabtree ( 2009 ) .
The Church of England think that just over 2 % of the population attended Christmas or Easter in Church in 2010 .
Links :
England Cremation Rates ( %) Source : Grace Davie 1997 Cremation Society 1884 Legalized 1930 0.87 1939 ( WW2 ) 3.8 3.51 1945 7.8 7.80 1950 15.59 1960 34.70 1966 50 46.89 1970 55.41 1980 65.26 1991 70 69.54 2000 71.50 2011 75 % 69
20 . Percent Cremated in the UK ( 1884 -2011 ) and of % of Funerals that are Church of England
“ From 1939 cremation rapidly overtook religious coffin funerals as the preferred postmortem arrangement for bodies .
England was the first Western country to adopt cremation as widely .
Secular government should rightly have control over such matters as it is wrong to force particular rituals on a populace consisting of multiple faiths and varied beliefs .
England has acute problems with space to bury the dead , most formal burial grounds are full and rotate slots , smashing the bottom of old coffins and putting new ones on top .
There are few other options , as such , religions that have impractical dogmas telling people how they should behave towards the dead have become obsolete and largely ignored by many , especially professionals . ”
" Approaching Death : Some Instincts of the Human Animal " by Vexen Crabtree ( 2014 )
The backlash , in phone calls as well as e-mail messages , is putting lawmakers in a quandary as they weigh what many regard as the most consequential decision of their careers : whether to agree to President Bush ’s request to spend an estimated $ 700 billion in taxpayer money to rescue the financial services system .
Around the country , Republican and Democratic voters are rising up in outright opposition to the White House plan or , at the very least , to express concern that it is being pushed through Congress in haste .
Lawmakers , in turn , are agonizing over what to do .
Mrs. Miller said she had been “ trying to be very deliberative about it , ” listening to administration officials like Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson Jr. , consulting with bankers from her district and independent experts .
She sounded torn Wednesday , saying she was looking for guidance from Republican leaders and hoping they would come together with their Democratic counterparts on a bipartisan plan .
“ I would say it ’s the most concerned I ’ve been since I ’ve been in Congress , ” said the congresswoman , a former Michigan secretary of state who won her House seat in 2002 .
“ I appreciate all of the input that I ’m getting from my constituents , but I ’m just not reacting to that — I ca n’t until I understand it better and feel comfortable with my vote .
And I ’m not sure how I ’m going to be voting yet . ”
Meanwhile , the complaints keep coming , and several Congressional offices agreed to share them with reporters , though only on condition that the senders ’ names not be published , for privacy reasons .
What is the nature of our universe ?
What is it made of ?
Sean Smith spent two months with the 101st Airborne in Baghdad during the dog days of the American occupation .
He filmed heavy fighting with the Mahdi army in Sadr City and Shulla , and powerful unmediated testimony from soldiers openly critical of the occupation
Welcome , Googlers and Christian Science Monitor thevoteblog readers !
It 's September of 2008 , a whole presidential - election season later than when we first published this post , but some things never change .
For all Palin all the time , check out our category " Sarah get your gun . "
And for the record , in light of the currrent pig - in - a - poke brouhaha , we agree with Jennifer Rubin at Pajamas Media that " the Democrats are panickers .
As such , one wonders if they are fit for high office . "
Meanwhile Scott Ott at Scrappleface reports that " After Obama Jab , Pig Lipstick Sales Surge . "
See also our latest post , " A pig in a poke ? "
Image and caption from our August 30 , 2008 post " All Palin all the time and loving it " :
We 're savoring the joy of bloggers , politicians and media types who think McCain 's selection of Sarah Palin as running mate is the best thing since sliced sourdough bread , not to mention the bewilderment of their counterparts on the other side of the aisle , who , like the proverbial deer — moose ? — in the headlights , obviously did n't see it coming down the road to the White House .
Above , " This moose made it across safely , though several hundred other moose end up in collisions with vehicles on Alaska 's Kenai Peninsula , causing injuries , deaths and property damage . "
( AP Photo / The Peninsula Clarion , M. Scott Moon )
Original post of November 2 , 2004 :
" As we say in Wyoming , you can put lipstick on a pig , but it 's still a pig , " quipped Vice President Dick Cheney in a stump speech yesterday , with reference to John Kerry 's claims he would be a credible war president .
It 's part of the VP 's daily refresher course in the presidential wannabe 's all - talk - no - action lack of decisiveness [ the Girlie - Man Syndrome ] .
Kerry makes it all too easy , as the Guardian reports on an earlier speech :
Vice President Dick Cheney said Sunday that Sen. John Kerry 's first response to Osama bin Laden 's new videotape was to take a poll to find out what he should say about it .
" It 's as though he does n't know what he believes until he has to go and check the polls , his finger in the air , to see which way the wind is blowing and then he 'll make a decision . . .
George Bush does n't need a poll to know what he believes , especially about Osama bin Laden . "
[ Kerry spokesman Joe " Cheating " ]
Lockhart said Cheney was referring to a Democracy Corps poll and inaccurately linked it to the Kerry campaign 's private polling .
Democracy Corps [ founded in 1999 by Kerry stalwarts James Carville , Stanley Greenberg , and Bob Shrum ] is a Democratic organization and not part of the Kerry campaign , though its management has worked closely with Kerry 's team [ We guess it depends upon what your definition of " linked " is ] .
Its most recent poll asked voters about the bin Laden tape and found that more people said it made them feel like Bush had taken his " eye off the ball ' ' in the war on terror than thought it underscored the importance of the president 's approach .
We can't help but wonder how those Democracy Corps pollsters phrased the question to get a majority of respondents to say the Osama tape made Bush look bad [ speaking of looking bad , did n't you think Osama looked like death warmed over ? ] .
Hmmmm .
Maybe something like " Since the President swore to get Osama " dead or alive " and then abandoned the war on terror to go after Saddam , does the bin Laden tape make you feel like Bush has taken his eye off the ball ? "
With their party 's customary contempt for the intelligence of their fellow citizens -- the little people who do n't know what 's best for themselves -- democratic pollsters might well catch everyday folk off guard with their false premise that democratizing Iraq is not central to the war on terror .
Voting machines are one of the few areas where technology has decidedly taken us a step backward .
The electronic voting ma­chines that one - third of American voters will be using in November are no more reliable than your home computer .
Direct - recording electronic voting machines are incredibly easy to hack ; Princeton University security expert Ed Felten proved it by accessing a Diebold machine ’s memory card with a hotel minibar key he bought online .
In less than one minute , Felten was able to install undetectable vote - stealing software .
Then there is the garden - variety computer error .
Touch - screen machines in Sarasota , Florida , recorded an 18,000 - vote undercount in a congressional race decided by fewer than 400 votes .
Paper itself was never foolproof ( remember those chads ? ) , but a stolen , lost , or stuffed ballot box risks mere hundreds of votes while a hidden computer glitch risks millions .
And since viruses can spread , one machine ’s infection can quickly cross county lines .
Unfortunately , our current digital democracy leaves massive fraud and massive error imperceptible and untrackable .
And transparency — not just of the software code , but of the whole voting system — has never been more important .
Each voter should be able to verify that his or her own vote has been counted correctly from the booth all the way to the final tally .
But how can you lay bare the secret ballot without sacrificing the privacy that makes democracy work ?
Computer scientists led by crypto grapher David Chaum claim to have the solution .
Their latest scheme , called Scantegrity II , would make elections both transparent ( to catch error or vote - alteration fraud ) and private ( to prevent coercion , intimidation , and vote buying ) .
They presented Scantegrity II ( the “ II ” stands for “ invisible ink ” ) at the USENIX / ACCURATE Electronic Voting Technology Workshop in July and plan to test it in a municipal election in 2009 .
Here 's a step - by - step guide to how it works :
As you walk into the voting booth , a poll worker hands you a regular pen , a special decoder pen ( no , really ) , and a ballot that looks like this :
The ballot contains a unique serial number that 's printed on both the upper - right corner and the receipt at the bottom of the page that you tear off and keep .
The ballot is divided into separate boxes for each political race , and each candidate has a blank bubble next to his or her name :
Image courtesy of Aleks Essex | NULL
To vote , you mark the circle next to your chosen candidates with the decoder pen .
A two - or three - letter code will " magically " appear in each bubble you mark , like so :
The ballot 's serial numbers , as well as the invisible codes , have all been created and recorded by voting officials before the election to eliminate the possibility of ballot - box stuffing .
If any would - be fraudsters tried to create and fill out fake ballots , they could easily be thwarted :
Even if they were able to replicate real serial numbers , there 's virtually no way the forged ballots ' invisible codes would match those on the real ballots .
If you decide that you want to check and make sure your vote was counted correctly , you can write each of the now - visible codes on your receipt , which you detach from the ballot and take with you .
The rest of the ballot you hand to election officials , who immediately scan it with an optical scanner , recording your vote in a database .
Once you leave the polls , you can access a designated election website and log in to a public database .
Then you enter your ballot serial number and a list of your invisible ink codes appears on the screen .
( Only the " secret " codes will be in the database , not the names of the candidates themselves — that way , hackers can't see who you voted for , so your vote remains private , and no one can change your vote online . )
If the codes in the database match the codes you wrote down , your vote was indeed counted correctly .
And if you do n't want to go to the trouble of hitting the Internet after you vote , do n't worry :
You can trust that enough other people — including bloggers , political staff members , and just about anyone in the main stream media — will .
And they should be enough , according to Chaum and his team :
If only one or two percent of voters check their receipts , it will create a 95 percent chance that no fraud occurred .
Just imagine if all of us got into the act .
Hello visitors !
I have moved my blog .
Please follow this link to read book updates , learn about the author and illustrator , and read new stories about about life in Japan–as a foreigner .
Thank you so much !
Meanwhile , I ’ve got a fun ~ fun for me !
~ new little blog going , I am A Mused .
Have a look !
Karadzic protected by US until he broke ' deal ' : Belgrade report Agence France - Presse
Published : Saturday August 2 , 2008
Print This Email This BELGRADE , Aug 2 , 2008 ( AFP ) - Bosnian Serb wartime leader Radovan Karadzic was protected by the United States until a CIA phone bug caught him breaking the terms of his ' deal ' , Serb newspaper Blic reported Saturday , quoting a US intelligence source .
Partly echoing what Karadzic himself told the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia ( ICTY ) in his opening written submission , the paper claims Karadzic was secretly granted immunity in return for keeping a low profile .
" Karadzic , indicted for genocide and war crimes , was under the US protection until 2000 , when the CIA intercepted his telephone conversation that clearly proved he personally chaired a meeting of his old political party , " the daily quoted a " well - informed US intelligence source " as saying .
In a submission to the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia ( ICTY ) , Karadzic said the US peace negotiator in Bosnia , Richard Holbrooke , had promised he would avoid trial if he withdrew from public life .
Holbrooke has insisted that no such deal existed .
The Blic source said : " I 'm not sure there was a written document confirming so , but I do have Holbrooke 's admission of verbal guarantees given to Karadzic from the highest level of the US . "
" During the year 2000 , at the time of the ( November general ) elections in Bosnia , the CIA learned that Karadzic was still leading the SDS ( the Serbian Democratic Party , founded by Karadzic ) , despite their deal that he was not to interfere in political life , " the source added , cited by the newspaper .
" In 2000 there was a SDS meeting in ( the eastern Bosnian town of ) Bijeljina , chaired personally by Karadzic .
He was providing instructions to members and the leadership who to be replaced and who to be appointed to which position , " it said .
Karadzic " was personally engaged in all activities of the SDS , " the source said .
" In America they went crazy realizing Karadzic was making a fool of them , " it said , adding that " the Americans and CIA then withdrew the informal protection enjoyed by Karadzic . "
The suspect also was granted the immunity from the arrest by other intelligence services , such as the French and British one , as a part of the deal with the CIA , the daily said .
Karadzic was arrested in Belgrade last month and transferred to the ICTY to tried for his role in the 1992 - 1995 war in Bosnia .
: : : : : : : : : :
The following is a comment by John Smith in response to this article on Bush ’s Give Us $ 700 Billion Dollars Unfettered By Any Oversight Whatsoever Wall Street bailout .
You are being goaded into giving Henry Paulson plenary powers over the economy and government spending , money supply , and value of that money .
Those powers belong to you , held in trust for the citizens of the United States .
Our Founders gave you those powers TO PREVENT THE VERY SCENARIO THAT SECRETARY PAULSON HAS PRESENTED TO YOU .
In March of 1933 , after the “ crisis ” of the Reichstag Fire , newly named Chancellor of Germany , Adolf Hitler , petitioned the German Reichstag to give him plenary powers over the affairs of German government .
The Reichstag transferred its power , on an emergency basis , to the Cabinet of Germany for a period of four years , and this was called “ The Enabling Act ” .
This was to deal with the perceived “ crisis ” of Communists within the German government , when the “ crisis ” was never fully substantiated .
It is believed by most historians that the Reichstag Fire was a deliberate act to coax the Reichstag into giving up its power .
This is being done for the purposes of fixing a “ crisis ” that has suddenly , in the last hour , been presented to Congressional leaders .
This act would remove the constitutionally mandated powers of regulation of the money supply , and the value thereof , from Congress and give it to an unelected member of the President ’s cabinet .
According to the act , this person would be above judicial review , and be allowed a $ 700,000,000,000 revolving line of credit to print money on behalf of the United States government .
That is more power than anyone has ever had – anyone .
Caesar did not have this power .
You are being asked to assign unprecedented powers to an unelected , and unaccountable former Wall Street banker , under the guise of bringing stability to the markets and solvency to our banking system .
With one hastily thrown together vote , you are going to create the most powerful human being in world history – Henry Paulson .
For the past 13 months , Paulson , and Federal Reserve Chairman , Bernanke have repeatedly given public statements through the various media , and have testified to Congress on the soundess of our banking system .
As that time has worn on , they have repeatedly come to Congress for various bailouts ( Bear Stearns , AIG , Fannie / Freddie ) , as well as acted to install confidence through the manipulation of the Federal Reserve Monatary Policy , and announcing various liquidity programs to keep money in the banking system ( TAF , TSLF ) .
While they have been taking extraordinary measures to shore - up the banking system , they have always maintained that the system is sound and just needs a little time to get through a “ soft spot , ” or a “ contained ” problem ( Subprime ) .
You now know that they were lying the entire time .
There is no way to sugar coat this .
They have been lying to you since March of 2007 .
They are lying now .
This was plainly known to many in the professional and amateur investment communities , recently smeared as “ short sellers . ”
It turns out that the cynics were right all along .
This is why we have a free press .
Ask yourself , why did n’t they come to you for this unprecedented bailout last October , when Paulson attempted the same thing with various Wall Street banks ?
Surely , the problem was known last fall when Paulson attempted to create his “ super SIV . ”
Had he come to you at that time , there would have been at least 11 months to debate the issue , open it for public review , and deal with it while the stock market was trading at an all - time high .
Why did he wait until the weekend before the Congressional recess for the bi-annual election cycle , and present the plan over a weekend where the public could not comment ?
Why did he have to wait until the stock market teetered on collapse , and the credit markets were frozen solid ?
He needs a “ crisis ” so you will not oppose him .
Ask yourself , why did the Senate Majority Leader and Speaker of the House , as late as September 16 , attempt to leave the issue in Washington and head back to their districts , leaving the Administration to clean up the mess , then suddenly have a change of heart less than 36 hours later ?
What was said ?
Why are the details of the briefing given to Congressional leaders not available for public review ?
Why are you being asked to vote for something so hastily and without proper briefing or public review ?
Does Democracy flourish in the dark , or does tyranny and fraud ?
We know the following :
Paulson and Bernanke have lied for the duration of the credit crisis .
Every bailout has been bigger , more frequent , and has resulted in a much bigger “ crisis . ”
Now , Paulson and Bernanke are telling you that they really are telling you the truth and this bailout will work .
You are being played .
They are framing the issue in terms of Congress voting to rescue the banks and the markets .
Let me be clear on this point : YOU ARE NOT VOTING ON THE HEALTH OF THE BANKS OR THE MARKETS .
YOU ARE DECIDING WHO GETS WHAT MONEY IS LEFT OVER AFTER THEY FAIL .
The markets ( equity and credit ) are going to experience a large dislocation , or in the common lexicon , “ a crash . ”
That is an absolute certainty .
You are merely deciding if the US citizens are going to keep their money , or give it to Wall Street bankers .
You are deciding if the US government is going to survive or collapse .
Giving Paulson unlimited spending powers will ensure that the government collapses .
That is a certainty .
Paulson and Bernanke need to be removed from office for malfeasance .
For 18 months , the health of the banking system has been very suspect .
They have known all along what is happening and have failed to act .
Their actions have been limited to lying to Congress and the American people and manipulating the accounting to cover the insolvency of the US banking system .
You are being asked to abdicate .
The American people want their Constitution and their government to survive .
We will rebuild what Wall Street has destroyed , but we need to keep our money in order to do it .
Vote against this unprecedented power grab .
History shows the folly of such endeavors .
— Posted by John Smith
The thawing of permafrost in northern latitudes , which greatly increases microbial decomposition of carbon compounds in soil , will dominate other effects of warming in the region and could become a major force promoting the release of carbon dioxide and thus further warming , according to a new assessment in the September 2008 issue of BioScience .
The study , by Edward A. G. Schuur of the University of Florida and an international team of coauthors , more than doubles previous estimates of the amount of carbon stored in the permafrost : the new figure is equivalent to twice the total amount of atmospheric carbon dioxide .
The authors conclude that releases of the gas from melting permafrost could amount to roughly half those resulting from global land - use change during this century .
Schuur and his colleagues refine earlier assessments by considering complex processes that mix soil from different depths during melting and freezing of permafrost , which occur to some degree every year .
They judge that over millennia , soil processes have buried and frozen over a trillion metric tons of organic compounds in the world 's vast permafrost regions .
The relatively rapid warming now under way is bringing the organic material back into the ecosystem , in part by turning over soil .
Some effects of permafrost thawing can be seen in Alaska and Siberia as dramatic subsidence features called thermokarsts .
Schuur and his colleagues acknowledge many difficulties in estimating carbon dioxide emissions from permafrost regions , which hold more carbon in the Arctic and boreal regions of the Northern Hemisphere than in the Southern Hemisphere .
Data are limited , and emissions are influenced by the amount of surface water , topography , wildfires , snow cover , and other factors .
Thawing , although believed to be critical , is hard to model accurately .
Some warming - related trends in Arctic regions , such as the encroachment of trees into tundra , may cause absorption of carbon dioxide and thus partly counter the effects of thawing permafrost .
But Schuur and colleagues ' new assessment indicates that thawing is likely to dominate known countervailing trends .
Source : American Institute of Biological Sciences
When I was younger , my family would visit Pakistan during summer vacations .
In the teeming port city of Karachi , I often went with my uncle to the local bazaar , where merchants and browsers haggled fiercely over prices underneath tan tents .
To conceal my American upbringing , I wore pants in the oppressive heat ( shorts were derided as “ underwear ” at the time ) , grew my hair out of its crew - cut shape , and avoided slipping into English .
If the merchants pegged me as a foreigner , my uncle warned , they would be less willing to field questions about their wares and more eager to sell them at high prices .
Today , American leaders surveying options in the region display even less prudence than a child in an unfamiliar marketplace .
They openly speak the language of violence , fail to ask necessary questions , and evince little concern about the costs of their decisions .
Barack Obama , emulating previous Democrats ’ attempts to outflank Republicans from the right on foreign policy , calls the Pakistan - Afghanistan border the “ central front in the war on terror ” and pledges to send more troops .
John McCain , a modern - day Captain Ahab if there ever was one , soon followed suit with vows to hunt down bin Laden at “ the gates of hell . ”
Secretary Gates , whose military boasts a budget bigger than the next 21 nations ’ combined , announced a $ 20 billion effort to erase enemies who have danced circles around his army in $ 2 sandals .
In a sense , the proposed “ soft surge ” is understandable .
The Iraq disaster has made almost any military venture seem wise by comparison , and no one doubts that Al - Qaeda and the Taliban are gaining ground quickly in the tribal belt .
But in pressing and prodding Pakistan to take greater military action alongside America , U.S. leaders reveal just how little they know about the country and the path to lasting peace .
Does the civilian government — whose “ cooperation ” we seek in the intensified fight — possess any real authority ?
What are the priorities of Pakistan ’s perennially - looming institution , the army ?
Why should ordinary Pakistanis back an escalating war against some of their own ?
Failing to answer — let alone pose — such basic questions is an open invitation to a second Iraq .
The civilian leadership ’s wavering commitment in the war has American elites seething .
Unable to fathom why their Pakistani “ allies ” do not advance like pawns in a game of chess , they miss the larger point : there is no chessboard .
A nation of 170 million people , Pakistan is deeply fractured , war or no war .
Loosely bound together only by religion , the people are separated by region , culture , language , and ethnicity .
Sindhis , Balochis , Pashtuns , and Punjabis are generally more concerned with local and tribal rather than national interests .
Non-Punjabis harbor bitterness toward Punjab for its unequal dispensation of resources and its command of the army — an army which lost half the country in an unjust campaign against Bengalis in East Pakistan , now Bangladesh , in 1971 .
Most Pakistanis are worried about their immediate survival , which the federal government does little to address .
The literacy rates stand at 55 % and 29 % for men and women , respectively .
People depend heavily on local contacts and connections , with little sense of allegiance to the federal government .
This is true even among the middle class .
Housing , university positions , and government jobs all depend heavily on local ties .
Even the smallest matters do not escape the long shadow of nepotism : for one trip back home on the nationally - owned airline , my father had to rely on the favors of a family connection just to make sure our seats on the plane were not “ given away ” to someone else .
My father found the whole affair unpalatable , but in the absence of honest government , what are the alternatives ?
None are offered by Pakistan ’s present leadership .
Though it never ceases to remind anyone within earshot of its “ democratic ” credentials , the “ new ” government would be mistaken for a troupe of rotating circus clowns anywhere else .
After throwing Musharraf overboard with threats of corruption charges , the leaders of the two main parties , Nawaz Sharif and Asif Zardari , recently split because of a dispute over judges who might confront Zardari with — what else — corruption charges .
Sharif , dislodged from power by Musharraf in a bloodless coup nine years ago , has himself faced corruption charges .
The scene is so dispiriting that much of the middle class simply ignores politics altogether .
My mother ’s side of the family , all educated and solidly middle - class , have to my recollection never evinced interest in any of the parties in light of the transparent hankering for power displayed by the politicians .
Against this backdrop , the government ’s cachet among its people is limited .
The notion that such a fragile institution , beset by incompetence , invisibility , and cronyism , can simply wave its hands in the air and convince its citizens to become an appendage of the U.S. “ war on terror ” is a wild fantasy .
The government ’s ability to make a case for war is also hampered by the intelligence service ( ISI ) and its military sponsor — another major organ of power the U.S. has failed to understand .
Just after September 11th , understanding was irrelevant : America handed Musharraf an ultimatum to back the “ war on terror ” and he complied .
But all that is old news now and America finds itself frustrated with the Pakistan army ’s ambivalence in serving as America ’s most poorly - paid mercenary force .
The army ’s stance is prompted by two concerns : its own interests and the nation ’s interests , which are not identical but nonetheless overlap .
As is well - known , the ISI developed its prestige and power during the tenure of Islamist military dictator Zia ul - Haq , who found generous American backing and financial support for his role in the jihad against the Soviet invasion in the 1980s .
Less well - known is the timing of American - backed intervention : six months before the Soviets actually invaded , when the fledgling Marxist government was trying to enact crucial reforms to protect women and wrest natural resources from the control of warlords .
Once the Soviets were defeated , America ’s interest in the country ’s “ freedom ” evaporated and it began lending tacit support to the ISI ’s backing of the Taliban .
Like any unaccountable institution , the ISI developed breathtaking rationales for defending the indefensible .
According to the doctrine of “ strategic depth ” , arch - rival India had to be contained , and its access to Central Asia curtailed , through the insertion of Islamist proxies in this key conduit country .
Sections of the military still cling to this doctrine despite its manifest absurdity .
Far from achieving strategic depth in Afghanistan , Pakistan has become a victim of the strategic depth achieved by Islamists , who have struck its soldiers and assets with a level of impunity India would dare not dream of .
Nonetheless , the U.S. cannot bully the Pakistani military into abandoning its militant ties .
According to veteran journalist Ahmed Rashid ’s new book , Descent into Chaos , Musharraf decided to retain Pakistan ’s only — albeit unwieldy — form of leverage when he surmised that America was more interested in pursuing neoconservative pipe dreams in Iraq than in rebuilding Afghanistan .
Rashid also writes that the Pakistani military harbors great enmity toward Afghan President Hamid Karzai , who has presided over business deals with India , and who was once banished from Pakistan for his anti-Taliban stance .
The lesson is clear .
Without guarantees and concessions — such as opportunities in Afghan reconstruction — the Pakistani military has no incentive to ease its obsession over Indian ambitions or to abandon its sole means of countering those ambitions : the militants and the chaos they create .
Even the military , however , ultimately bows to another master : the masses .
The clamor to see Musharraf ousted , muddily refracted in the platform of the civilian politicians , forced the generals to stand aside as one of their own was removed .
America , too , must pay heed to the street if it wants to win genuine support for the war .
And yet , it does little more than mouth platitudes about “ the Pakistani people . ”
Although most Pakistanis take a dim view of the Taliban — the secularists decisively won the NWFP regional elections — their view of American policy is even dimmer .
This is not without reason .
The one uniting factor among Pakistanis is religion , and America ’s attitude towards Muslims has few defenders outside of those aching to strike Muslim countries .
Unrelenting support for Israel ’s brutality toward Palestinians is a source of enduring anger .
That this support might be occasioned by the pressure of entrenched pro-Israeli lobbies , rather than some fleeting and correctable prejudice , inspires little hope for a fair American foreign policy among Muslims anywhere .
The record of atrocities in Iraq and the betrayal of American ’s own values at Guantanamo scarcely require mention .
Pakistanis also have more immediate grievances .
America supported Musharraf the dictator so long as he fought “ America ’s war . ”
It poured billions of dollars into military coffers but gave almost nothing to strengthen Pakistan ’s civil society or infrastructure .
Hundreds of innocent Pakistanis have been illegally rounded up and disappeared by their own government because of American pressure to capture terrorists .
The oft - repeated American vow , “ We will fight the terrorists abroad so that we do n’t have to fight them in our own streets , ” has but one meaning to most Pakistanis : the fight will take place in their streets , at the expense of their security , jeopardizing their lives .
The stark slogans ’ implications have already been realized for about 200,000 Pakistanis forced to flee the north , where “ their ” army has tried to smash flies with sledgehammers .
Predictions in the world of politics are a fool ’s venture , but it is not hard to see where things are headed .
Unwilling to look seriously at Pakistan ’s needs , America sees only one reality : the presence of terrorists and an absence of action .
One might offer a few obligatory words about the need to build schools , hospitals , and roads in Pakistan — combating terror without inflicting more terror .
But why bother ?
Can a government that stared blankly as one of its own cities drowned really be moved to invest in the well - being of a foreign people ?
As my uncle would sometimes say to merchants at the bazaar , that is asking too much .
Can you think of a better name for the Large Hadron Collider ?
The multi-billion pound particle accelerator which started up yesterday morning in Switzerland is an incredible scientific machine that might smash open the secrets of the universe , but its name fails to reflect the drama of its mission , or the inspiration it should be conveying to the wider public , said the chief executive of the Royal Society of Chemistry ( RSC ) .
Readers of the Metro , Scottish Herald and Scotland Daily Record will already know that Richard Pike announced yesterday that the RSC is offering a £ 500 prize to the person submitting the best alternative name to the Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) , which most effectively captures the imagination of both young and old , whether interested in science , or merely sceptical onlookers .
Dr Pike clarified his interest by adding that , although the LHC and physics address largely the early period of the universe after the Big Bang , up to the first 300,000 years , it was then that matter and atoms began to appear - from which chemistry began to shape the molecules that eventually gave rise to the structure of stars , planets , and life itself .
He noted that , " As the universe is 13 billion years old , this means that for more than 99.99 % of its existence chemistry has played a dominant role .
Physics is therefore getting an enormous boost through funding of the LHC , in effect , to explore the first fleeting moments of why we are here .
" I would make a claim that chemistry , if it received pro rata funding , would be up for trillions of pounds to investigate the mechanisms of the origins and development of life , which would have immediate application within the community .
That might be the basis of an RSC funding claim next year ! "
He welcomed suggestions for a good name for the LHC , which should be emailed to Jon Edwards .
The competition will close at noon on Wednesday 17 September 2008 - after one week 's safe operation of the LHC .
The prize will not be awarded if the Earth is destroyed before this time .
IntellaSys has unveiled its SEAforth 40C18 , a 40 - core multicore processor designed for embedded wireless , portable , and distributed data processing applications .
The SEAforth 40C18 is an array of 40 fully functional CPUs operating asynchronously , each of the cores a complete computer , with its own ROM , RAM , and interprocessor communication .
Together they can deliver up to 26 billion operations per second .
With what IntellaSys claims is the smallest core size design ( 0.13 mm2 ) , the SEAforth processor consumes 28 times less power while running 240 times faster than competing architectures .
By creating a RAM and ROM on each core , individual cores run at the full native speed of the silicon instead of being throttled down to a slower external system clock frequency .
The automatic synchronization feature between cores allows the processors to share the computing load by talking to each other to pass data , status signals and even code blocks .
When individual CPUs are not active , they automatically shut down or sleep .
" The beauty of this single - chip 40 CPU processing solution is that it is completely programmable -- meaning if a spec changes , it is a code issue , not a silicon turn , " said Chuck Moore , CTO of IntellaSys and inventor of the Forth programming language .
" With 40 cores operating independently on the chip , designers can dedicate groups of them to handle specific tasks .
For example , some could be assigned compute - intensive Fast Fourier Transforms ( FFT ) while others handle wireless connectivity , standard I /O interfaces or drive external memory . "
The processor will be offered with VentureForth , a Forth - based IDE that includes fully interactive programming , testing , and debugging facilities .
VentureForth includes compilers for both Windows and Linux and a simulator for debugging , and contains low - level primitives as well as the high - level tools necessary to map programs across the array of cores in a SEAforth processor .
The SEAforth 40C18 is capable of executing 80 percent of its VentureForth instructions in 1.38 nanoseconds while drawing 7 mW of power or less per CPU .
Ein Internet - Nutzer hat einer Anwaltskanzlei gegenüber eine präventive ( vorsorgliche ) Unterlassungserklärung in Bezug auf eine Urheberrechtsverletzung zugehen lassen .
Daraufhin erhielt er nun von dieser Kanzlei eine Abmahnung samt saftiger Kostennote , obgleich die besagte Urheberrechtsverletzung dort gar nicht bekannt geworden war .
Das klingt zunächst ausgesprochen skurril und ist auch nur aufgrund einiger Besonderheiten des deutschen Zivilrechts möglich – abgesehen davon spricht es für den besonderen Einfallsreichtum der betreffenden Kanzlei .
Bei einer Abmahnung , etwa wegen Urheberrechtsverletzungen über Filesharing - Systeme , schicken Anwälte eine strafbewehrte Unterlassungserklärung mit , die der Abgemahnte unterschreiben soll .
Darin verpflichtet er sich , eine bestimmte Rechtsverletzung künftig zu unterlassen und in dem Fall , dass er sie dennoch wiederum begehen sollte , eine vereinbarte ( hohe ) Vertragsstrafe zu zahlen .
Nur eine solche strafbewehrte Erklärung gilt juristisch als Absicherung gegen eine Wiederholungsgefahr .
Was der Rechtsverletzer sich dadurch erspart , ist eine einstweilige Verfügung , die der Mandant des abmahnenden Anwalts als Inhaber der verletzten Rechte ansonsten bei Gericht gegen ihn erwirken könnte – durch das Vorliegen der unterschriebenen Erklärung erübrigt sich diese .
Da die Abmahnung auf diese Weise dem Abgemahnten nutzt , indem sie ihm beispielsweise ein teures Verfügungsverfahren erspart , muss er die anwaltlichen Gebühren dafür bezahlen , und zwar nach dem Grundsatz der " Geschäftsführung ohne Auftrag " ( §§ 677 ff. BGB ) .
Wenn jemand den Eindruck hat , dass demnächst vielleicht eine Abmahnung bei ihm eintrifft , kann er die Initiative ergreifen und sich Abmahngebühren ersparen , indem er selbst eine präventive Unterlassungserklärung gegenüber demjenigen , dessen Rechte er verletzt haben könnte , abgibt .
Darin erklärt er dann beispielsweise , dass er es künftig unterlässt , den Musiktitel X über das Internet zu verbreiten .
Damit kann er sich zwar immer noch nicht davor schützen , gegebenenfalls eine Abmahnung zu erhalten – allerdings kann der abmahnende Anwalt die Gebühren dafür dann nicht mehr auf Grundlage der " Geschäftsführung ohne Auftrag " von ihm einstreichen .
Was bleibt , ist gegebenenfalls ein Anspruch des Rechteinhabers auf Schadenersatz .
Allerdings ist es schon durch die oft schwierige Beweislage nicht allzu wahrscheinlich , dass etwa ein Musikverlag einen solchen Anspruch gegen einen Tauschbörsenteilnehmer vor Gericht durchsetzt .
Davon , dass ein konkretes Abmahnrisiko besteht , können Filesharing - Nutzer beispielsweise dadurch erfahren , dass sie eine Einstellungsverfügung von der Staatsanwaltschaft erhalten .
Das bedeutet nämlich , dass jemand sie wegen der Verletzung von Rechten angezeigt hat , dass ihre Nutzerdaten ermittelt und wahrscheinlich an den Rechteinhaber herausgegeben wurden , die Ermittlungsbehörde aber anschließend das Verfahren eingestellt hat .
Auch eine Beschuldigtenvernehmung bei der Polizei oder eine Hausdurchsuchung weisen natürlich darauf hin , dass eine Abmahnung blüht .
Möglich ist ebenso , dass Personen in Internet - Foren davon lesen , dass andere Leute für das unberechtigte Anbieten eines Film , einer Reihe von Musikstücken oder anderer Werke abgemahnt wurden , die sie selbst mit einem chainingfähigen P2P - Client heruntergeladen und damit automatisch auch anderen Netzteilnehmern verfügbar gemacht haben .
Um dann den Anwälten der berührten Rechteinhaber in die Suppe zu spucken und sie zumindest um die Gebührenfrüchte ihrer zu erwartenden Abmahnung zu bringen , wählt mancher den Weg der präventiven Unterlassungserklärung .
Der oben angesprochene Internet - Nutzer hatte der Rechteinhaberin M. über deren Anwaltskanzlei S. eine solche Erklärung zugestellt .
Die Anwälte reagierten jedoch in überraschender Weise : Sie schickten dem Internetnutzer eine neu formulierte Unterlassungserklärung zu , in der dieser sich verpflichten sollte , künftig keine " Unterlassungserklärungen oder sonstige Schreiben an [ M. ] oder deren Bevollmächtigte [ S. ] ohne begründeten oder sonstwie rechtfertigenden Anlass selbst oder durch Dritte zu versenden oder versenden zu lassen . "
Für diese Abmahnung , die Telepolis in Kopie vorliegt , verlangte die Kanzlei 411 Euro und 30 Cent .
Auf Deutsch : Die Rechtsverletzung , um die es jetzt geht , hat nichts mehr mit Urheberrecht zu tun , sondern es geht um die von der Kanzlei unerwünschte präventive Unterlassungserklärung .
In dem beiliegenden Schreiben sprechen die Anwälte davon , dass man nach Zugang der Erklärung nach einem dazu passenden Vorgang gesucht und ihn nicht gefunden habe .
Dadurch sei ein Schaden entstanden , insofern müsse die Zusendung als " rechtswidriger und schuldhafter Eingriff in den eingerichteten und ausgeübten Gewerbebetrieb " ihrer Mandantin gelten .
Ein Schelm , wer hier jetzt vermuten wollte , dass gewissermaßen ein Ersatz für den nicht mehr anzubringenden Anspruch auf Abmahngebühren wegen der fraglichen Urheberrechtsverletzung gesucht wurde .
Wenn das Zusenden unerwünschter Unterlassungserklärungen selbst auch eine abmahnwürdige Rechtsverletzung darstellt , wäre der Weg , auf diese Weise Abmahngebühren zu vermeiden , für Tauschbörsennutzer praktisch versperrt .
Allerdings gibt es zu dergleichen Fällen noch keinerlei Rechtsprechung , und man darf bezweifeln , dass ein solcher behaupteter Unterlassungsanspruch in Bezug auf die Zusendung von Unterlassungserklärungen vor einem Zivilgericht Bestand hätte .
Der Eingriff in den eingerichteten und ausgeübten Gewerbebetrieb ist das unternehmensbezogene Gegenstück zur Verletzung des allgemeinen Persönlichkeitsrechts – und ebenso schwammig zu fassen wie diese .
( pem )
While Gov. Palin is fairly new to the political scene nationwide , the Alaska native 's stance on key topics may give clues into the policies she would support if she were elected Vice President .
[ M.E. 's NOTE : BetaNews contacted the press office of Gov. Sarah Palin earlier this week , and received assurances that we would be receiving responses to our inquiries about the governor 's position on critical technology issues , five of which we listed and explained in detail .
This has been the week of the Republican National Convention in St. Paul , so any number of reasons may have delayed the press office 's final response to us .
However , they were aware of our already - once - postponed deadline , so in the interest of absolute fairness -- especially since we already profiled Sen .
Joe Biden last week -- we will proceed with as thorough an assessment as we possibly can of Gov. Palin , given the information we do have . ]
John McCain shocked the political world with his choice of Sarah Palin , a woman who has only served as governor of Alaska for 19 months , and whose previous political experience was as Mayor of Wasilla -- a town of about 9,000 residents -- for eight years , and city council member for four years prior .
Advertisement
With such a short time on the national political scene on a level where technology issues are , if not paramount , then at least prominent , there has n't been much of a technology record for Gov. Palin to run on yet .
It 's not her fault ; it 's just the fact .
However , there have been a few instances where she has taken a stance , or her positions on other important matters could be used as a sort of template , to deduce her likely thoughts on parallel matters in the technology arena .
Worked to ensure students are properly skilled
In 2007 , shortly after taking office as Alaska 's governor , Sarah Palin took advantage of the Internet to create a online training program for workforce development .
Called Work Ready / College Ready ( since shortened to Alaska Career Ready ) , users can take a set of surveys to find out what skills they have or may need for a variety of desired jobs .
A user may select online courses for improvement in weak or under - skilled areas .
Classes may be taken at the user 's own pace , and are given in the context of a work environment to make them more relevant .
In recognition of completion of the courses teaching the skills necessary , a " Career Readiness Certificate " is issued .
At least 40 other states also offer these certificates , which some businesses and educational institutions recognize as valid proof of a particular skill set .
Made health care transparent through the use of technology
Another part of Palin 's record as governor included the Alaska Health Care Transparency Act , which helped state residents access affordable health care .
This included tele - medicine and tele - health initiatives for providing care to the state 's most remote municipalities .
Tele - medicine has often been lauded as a solution for providing individuals living in rural or hard - to - reach areas ( and Alaska has plenty of those ) with care and good judgment from a qualified doctor who would normally be easy to reach in town .
Actions on gas pipeline suggest balanced net neutrality approach
An action that defines Gov. Palin 's stand on long - distance distribution of services , was her effort to rework the natural gas pipeline deal forged by her predecessor , Gov. Frank Murkowski .
The former governor had struck a deal with major oil companies , prior to commencing the actual pipeline construction project .
She did n't like that much , and just about everyone in Alaska knew it .
So she scrapped the deal , replacing it with one that involves a bidding process .
Already , TransCanada has secured a deal with Alaska to build this pipeline which could dramatically improve the state 's economy .
The way Palin approached this particular problem suggests she may be in favor of not having any one provider be given preference to build out broadband pipes to a specific area .
While one Internet service provider could end up owning the entire pipe -- an approach that would be copacetic with that of her would - be boss , Sen. McCain -- that provider would likely need to provide proof of how it would handle competitors .
Transfer the natural gas pipeline affair to the net neutrality debate , and it seems like Palin would not object to companies agreeing on their own about how to handle traffic of competitors .
Broadband speeds lag in Alaska ... along with candidate Palin
It does not seem that Palin has taken any substantive broadband policy as governor of her state , and has actually declined to take a position when asked .
That failure to formulate an opinion could be telling , especially considering Alaska has one of the lowest median data rates in the country .
According to a study by the Communications Workers of America , Alaskans connect to the Internet at a slow average of 800 Kbps , the worst in the nation .
While geography is obviously a key issue here , there 's a viable argument in favor of prioritizing an information pipeline -- whether it's on the ground or in the sky -- equally with respect to a natural gas pipeline .
Stateside Associates , a government analytics firm , attempted during the 2006 gubernatorial election to get both then - Mayor Palin and Democratic candidate Tony Knowles ' positions on broadband access issues .
Palin declined to respond , and the agency could not find anything that indicated what position she might have taken .
So there 's a big blank on her record , which remains today , even after BetaNews ' direct invitation for her to fill it in .
Used the Internet to make Alaska government more transparent
Sen . Barack Obama has made government transparency part of his platform .
Gov. Palin has indeed taken that a step further by actually taking action in Alaska government .
Currently , any check written by the state government over $ 1,000 is posted to the Division of Finance Web site .
While the service is not yet a requirement under law , there have been attempts to codify this requirement , including an effort to make government information searchable through a Google - like Web site .
Female chimps often cry out during sex to attract nearby males , but they keep quiet when other females are around so they do n't alert their competition , a new study finds .
The function of copulation calls made by female primates ( a group that includes lemurs , monkeys , and apes , such as humans and chimpanzees , our closest relatives ) has been debated for years .
One hypothesis : the calls let females advertise their sexually receptive state to potential mates , which would create competition among males in the group .
By pitting the males against each other , the successful female would end up with the strongest partner and have the highest quality offspring , the thinking went .
But psychologists Simon Townsend and Klaus Zuberbuhler , both of the University of St. Andrews in Scotland , did n't find any evidence for this kind of male - to - male competition , or any link between calling activity and a female 's hormonal state when they observed the behavior of chimps in the Budongo Forest in Uganda .
Instead , female chimpanzees seem to use the copulation calls strategically to enlist the future protective support of males against aggressive group members , especially other females .
The females produced more calls when high - ranking males were around , but kept mum on their sexual activity when high - ranking females were nearby .
" The female chimps we observed in the wild seemed to be much more concerned with having sex with many different males , without other females finding out about it , than causing male chimps to fight over them , " Townsend said .
This strategy could be used to minimize the risks of competition , Townsend explained .
" Competition between females can be dangerously high in wild chimpanzees , " he said .
Because females make the calls not only during their fertile period , when they are most likely to conceive , they are acting something like the chimp equivalent of gold diggers .
" Copulation calling therefore may be one potential strategy employed by female chimpanzees to advertise their receptivity to high - ranked males , confuse paternity , and secure future support from these socially important individuals , " Townsend said .
The findings were published on June 18 in the online journal PLoS ONE .
The study was funded by the Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council of the United Kingdom , an EU Pathfinder grant and the German Max Planck Society .
Video : Jane Goodall 's Wild Chimpanzees
Forbidden Fruit Entices Female Chimps Into Sex
The Sex Quiz : Myths , Taboos , and Bizarre Facts
( Note :
The women ’s bathroom in our store has a large handicapped stall which also holds an eight - foot tall locked wooden storage cabinet for supplies . )
Coworker : “ Thanks for calling [ Coffee Place ] .
How can I help you ? ”
Customer : “ Hi , is this [ Coffee Place ] ? ”
Coworker : “ Yes , it is .
How can I help you ? ”
Customer : “ This is the [ Coffee Place ] in [ Public Square ] ? ”
Coworker : “ Yes , it is . ”
Customer : “ The one with the bathroom ? ”
Coworker : “ Uh… yes ? ”
Customer : “ Oh , well , I ’m calling from the women ’s room .
The door is locked and I ca n’t get out . ”
Coworker : “ Well , if you turn the handle of the door and pull it should open . ”
Customer : “ There is no handle !
I ’m locked in ! ”
Coworker : “ Okay , I ’ll have someone over in a moment . ”
Coworker : * to me * “ Ummm … so some lady locked herself in the bathroom and ca n’t get out . ”
Me : “ Seriously ? ”
( I head over to the bathroom , letting myself in with the spare keys .
There is , in fact , a woman in the large stall , yelling for help . )
Me : “ Can I help you , ma’am ? ”
Customer : “ Well , your stupid door locked me into the stall and now I ’m stuck in here ! ”
( I can hear her fumbling with something , but it is n’t the stall door latch . )
Me : “ Okay .
Well , if you ’ll just come over to the stall door , turning the knob should open it . ”
Customer : “ There is nothing to turn !
The door only has a handle ! ”
Me : “ It does .
I ’m standing on the other side of it . ”
Customer : “ Well , then why do n’t YOU open it !
You ’ve already kept me locked in here for a half hour ! ”
( I fiddle with the lock and manage to open it from the outside after a moment , only to see the woman prying at the supply cabinet door . )
Customer : “ Oh , I came in this door .
I thought that one … ” * points to supply cabinet * “… led to the men ’s room . ”
( Without another word , she walks out of the bathroom and out of the store . )
Coworker : “ Maybe she was trying to get to Narnia ? ”
( Check out our complete collection of Subversive Marketing and Culture Jamming . )
Subvertisements are an excellent means of turning the commercial world around you upside down , make humorous or critical commentaries on consumer society , or even get rid of ads altogether .
Subvertising can sneak up on you , entertain you , and possibly lead to premature enlightenment .
Get started by removing those pesky ads that always pop up while you ’re surfing the web – or better yet , replace them with the creative works of up - and - coming artists :
AddArt is a FireFox extension that automatically substitutes artwork where you ’d normally see banner ads .
Currently , AddArt is in development but you can get AdBlock which at least pastes over ads with a neutral color .
Subvert your web browser and skip the adverts you never click anyway .
Blocking or replacing ads with art are both well and good , but with a little Photoshop work you make your own public service subvertisement on a subject of your choice .
This series of well - rendered Aboslut ad spoofs is definitely double - take material .
Alternatively , take things a step further : issues of global equality and health are fair game too .
The tag on the left is a none - to - subtle reminder of the origins of so many clothing products in sweat shops .
On the right , the McDonalds logo is neatly transformed into a harbinger of death – you wo n’t see that on their commercials .
OK , so enough fun and games online : you can also just go right out and start editing advertisements and billboards on their own turf .
Take down a major auto manufacturer by adding a few words , or cover up a pair to make a point about SONY .
Subvertising in public can be complex and thought out , or might simply take advantage of what is already out there .
Editing not enough for you ?
Well , here we start getting into some serious territory , but : you can also follow these step by step instructions on how to take down a billboard altogether .
Watch for the ‘ danger zones ’ and do n’t get squashed in the process .
Otherwise , check out a site with good links to further resources and more basics about subvertising .
Dr. Giblin of Woods
Hole spent the summer at the field station here , midway between the Arctic Circle and the Arctic Ocean , researching the nitrogen content of lakebed sediment  not the inert nitrogen that makes up 80 percent of air , the reactive nitrogen that Dr. Galloway referred to .
In forms like nitric acid , nitrous oxide , ammonia and nitrate it plays a variety of roles .
Nitrogen is part of all living matter .
When plants and animals die , their nitrogen is passed into soil and the nitrogen in the soil , in turn , nourishes plants on land and seeps into bodies of water .
Dr. Giblin is pursuing her research because as the Arctic warms , the tundra ’s permafrost will thaw , and the soil will release carbon and nitrogen into the atmosphere .
When an ecosystem has too much nitrogen , the first response is that life blossoms .
More fish , more plants , more everything .
But this quickly becomes a kind of nitrogen cancer .
Waters cloud and are overrun with foul - smelling algae blooms that can cause toxic “ dead zones . ”
Scientists call this process eutrophication , but the laymen ’s translation is that the water gets mucked up beyond all recognition .
A recent such plague bedeviled China when its Yellow Sea was smothered in algae at Qingdao , the planned site of Olympic sailing events this summer .
More than mere inconvenience , such problems routinely threaten many coastal areas and riverside communities .
Nancy Rabalais , executive director of the Louisiana Universities Marine Consortium , is known as Queen of the Dead Zone .
She cruises around the Gulf of Mexico every summer in the research vessel Pelican to look for damage from nitrogen - rich river flows into the gulf .
This year , she expects a dead zone that will beat the Massachusetts - size 8,500 - square - mile bloom of 2002 .
One of the problems , Dr. Rabalais said , is that the Mississippi River involves so many communities that it requires stronger federal guidance , which she said was not a part of the Bush administration ’s policies .
She is part of a national research committee financed by the Environmental Protection Agency and run by the National Academies of Science , but , she said , “ it ’s so much talk and not enough action . ”
She continued : “ Because you ’re not just going up against the agribusiness lobby , but also the livelihood of farmers .
It ’s not exactly popular in the Midwest . ”
Fertilizer use is largely inefficient .
With beef , only about 6 percent of nitrogen used in raising cows ends up in their meat ; the rest leeches out into air or water supplies .
With pork , it is 12 percent ; chicken , 25 percent .
Milk , eggs and grain have the highest efficiency , about 35 percent , or half of what , in the metric of report cards , is a C - minus .
Now the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs ( ACMD ) will review the classification and is likely to recommend the drug be downgraded to class B .
The body will hold a special evidence session next Friday during which it will hear the latest data on the drugs ' effects on the brain and its toxicity .
Its decision will be announced next year .
Rendell pushed for the 2004 state law that legalized slot machines in Pennsylvania and then pleaded with Trump to try his luck in the Philly market .
When the state Gaming Control Board awarded the bids in 2006 , however , Trump was on the outside looking in .
Cornering a rat makes it ornery .
The same is true of a badger .
Anything with teeth , claws , or strong limbs can get downright scary when cornered .
The same is true of sharp minds as of sharp claws and teeth .
Rebellious behavior is typically attributed to psychological or neurological dysfunction , such as sociopathy , other antisocial personality disorders , and simple “ hormones ” in teenagers as pointed out in Paul Graham ’s essay Why Nerds are Unpopular ( thanks for inspiring me to revisit that essay , Sterling ) .
Being cornered drives one to destructive behavior , because destructive behavior is a component of the primal “ fight or flight ” response that comes with panic - inducing circumstances .
When overmatched without room for flight , it becomes necessary to fight , and such fighting can become desperate indeed .
We , as human beings , have significant capacity for abstract reasoning .
Even the least of us ( where “ us ” is any nontrivial percentage of the poplace as demographically identified by capacity for abstract reasoning ) engages in abstract reasoning to a greater or lesser degree most of the time , as at least a sort of mental “ background noise ” that subtly affects our behavior .
We can calculate odds relating to more than merely the current moment in time , and relating to circumstances over a longer term — and , in fact , we do so constantly .
Our every waking moment is to some degree influenced by the pervasive realization of the difficulty of overcoming the inertia of social tradition .
We do not say the word “ bomb ” on airplanes , not merely because someone might arrest us , but because of the long - term negative effects of being branded , however briefly , with the term “ terrorist ” and the quite permanent consequences that might conceivably result .
We turn off the lights — at least most of them — when we leave home so that we do n’t run up electricity bills that might make it more difficult to afford a vacation next year and , if we leave a light on , we do so on the off - chance it might dissuade a would - be burglar .
We think in abstracts all the damned time .
As a result of this , we know that in a one - on - “ one ” fight with the primary authority structures in our society , we each would lose .
Period .
This serves as something of a disincentive for fighting back .
The untenable state of affairs that arises when this is coupled with being cornered by the unjust opprobrium of society , such as being repeatedly targeted by racial profiling without other “ probable cause ” , being ticketed for driving “ too fast ” on an otherwise empty stretch of wide - open road with a too - low speed limit , or being dragged into court for accidentally and unknowingly running afoul of patent or sodomy laws ( Did you know that oral sex qualifies legally as sodomy ? ) , leads to some downright absurd behavior .
When your avenue of escape is missing , and fighting back is recognized as self - destructive because it has no positive effect on the authority structures that have targeted you , the difference between outwardly destructive behavior and self - destructive behavior is roughly nil .
The extreme of this is suicide , of course .
In lesser degree , we have such self - destructive behaviors as drug abuse ( not strictly synonymous with drug use which , even recreationally , need not be drug abuse ) .
These self - destructive behaviors have something else in common , aside from the self - destructiveness of them : they provide , directly or indirectly , an avenue of emotional or ( to some extent ) literal escape .
Outward destructive behavior replaces flight when flight is impossible .
Self - destructive behavior reclaims flight when even outwardly destructive behavior provides no possibility of bettering one ’s circumstances .
The nanny state is functionally equivalent to the police state , both in the superficial trappings and in the manner by which all constituents are made into criminals , with no escape from that fate .
The “ health and welfare ” benevolent face on the nanny state and the “ protection and security ” benevolent face on the police state both serve to conceal the same underlying , ugly reality : the corner in which we , the half - drowned rats of society , are trapped .
We are prodded , often unintentionally , into lashing out against the only target that cannot fight back — ourselves .
Psychologically speaking , most “ victimless ” nanny - law crime is a form of rebellion , manifesting as self - destructive behavior in response to a situation with no practical escape .
That ’s my story , and I ’m sticking to it .
For those of you who are confused
I received this email over the weekend from a friendly acquaintance .
It should help sort out some questions you may have .
The subject heading on the email was " I was confused but now I 'm not " :
This took some figuring out
If you grow up in Hawaii , raised by your grandparents , you 're " exotic , different . "
Grow up in Alaska eating mooseburgers -- a quintessential American story .
If your name is Barack you 're a radical , unpatriotic Muslim .
Name your kids Willow , Trig and Track -- you 're a maverick .
Graduate from Harvard law School and you are unstable .
Attend five different small colleges before graduating , you 're well grounded .
If you spend three years as a brilliant community organizer , become the first black President of the Harvard Law Review , create a voter registration drive that registers 150,000 new voters , spend 12 years as a constitutional law
professor , spend eight years as a state senator representing a district with more than 750,000 people , become chairman of the state Senate 's Health and Human Services committee , spend 4 years in the United States Senate representing a state of 13 million people while sponsoring 131 bills and serving on the Foreign Affairs , Environment and Public Works and Veteran 's Affairs committees , you do n't have any real leadership experience .
If your total resume is : local weather girl , four years on the city council and 6 years as the mayor of a town with fewer than 7,000 people , 20 months as the governor of a state with only 650,000 people , then you 're qualified to become the country 's second highest ranking executive .
If you have been married to the same woman for 19 years while raising two beautiful daughters , all within Protestant churches , you 're not a real Christian .
If you cheated on your first wife with a rich heiress , and left your disfigured wife and married the heiress the next month , you 're a Christian .
If you teach responsible , age appropriate sex education , including the proper use of birth control , you are eroding the fiber of society .
If , while governor , you staunchly advocate abstinence only , with no other option in sex education in your state 's school system while your unwed teen daughter ends up pregnant , you 're very responsible .
If your wife is a Harvard graduate lawyer who gave up a position in a prestigious law firm to work for the betterment of her inner-city community ,
then gave that up to raise a family , your family 's values do n't represent America's .
If your husband is nicknamed " First Dude , " with at least one DWI conviction and no college education , who did n't register to vote until age 25 and once was a member of a group that advocated the secession of Alaska from the USA , your family is extremely admirable .
OK , much clearer now .
How do we toughen our children to stand up against a difficult future ?
By having them prance about merrily in a gentle spray of cool hose water ?
Of course not .
That is why Wham - O invented one of the most dangerous toys to ever grace the American backyard , “ The Water Wiggle ” .
Most of you know of the Wiggle and have the scars to prove it , but if you have not faced the suburban water serpent , here is what you are missing .
Released in 1962 by Wham - O , the Water Wiggle was touted in newspapers of the time as the successor to the runaway success of the Hula Hoop .
It did n’t take long for it to become a hit .
You take a standard garden hose and attached a weighted sprinkler to its end .
Picture a Medieval Morning Star , with a goofy face painted on it .
Gather the kids around it .
Turn on the hose and watch the carnage .
Kids will laugh as the Wiggle magically rises into the air and will then be terrified as the aquatic worm lunges at them time and again .
Never relenting until it turns them into a crying , moist grass - covered heap .
Do you think I am messing around about the dangers of this thing ?
Not only will it knock you out cold , but you can also drown .
Wham - O had a major recall of Water Wiggles because of this horrible accident and the family of the boy who drowned was awarded $ 240,000 .
Wham - O stated that the recall is occasioned by the death of a four - year - old child in March 1978 .
The youngster was playing with some other children in his backyard with a dismantled “ Water Wiggle , ” one from which the bell - shaped head had been removed or had come off .
The exposed aluminum nozzle became lodged in his mouth and he drowned .
Wham - O stated that it had no knowledge of how or why the toy was dismantled or how the nozzle became lodged in the child ’s mouth .
– U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission ( 1978 )
This unfortunate incident setback the Water Wiggle .
Eventually new Water Wiggles would hit the market , but it would never reach its former glory .
In 1986 they turned one of these New Water Wiggles on in Pt. Pleasant , NJ , and gathered 100 kids around it .
22 years later one man was still standing in the showery danger zone of this evil hose worm .
But he is no longer like the rest of us .
They say that when it rains , he can dodge the very drops .
One day he will emerge from the Garden State and assume his destiny as King of our land .
Like Loading ...
Occuping a single PCI slot , power consumption is specified at less than 150 watts .
There is 1 Gbyte of GDDR3 memory on - chip .
The stream processor includes a second - generation double - precision floating point hardware implementation delivering more than 200 gigaflops , building on the capabilities of the earlier FireStream 9170 .
Adding a notably open - systems flavour , AMD is publishing interfaces for its high - level language API , intermediate language , and instruction set architecture .
The Stream SDK ’s Brook + front - end is available as open source code .
“ An open industry standard programming specification will help drive broad - based support for stream computing technology in mainstream applications , ” said Rick Bergman , senior v-p and general manager , Graphics Product Group , AMD , speaking during the International Supercomputing Conference in Dresden .
The processor firm has also joined the Khronos Compute Working Group .
This working group ’s goals include developing industry standards for data parallel programming and working with proposed specifications like OpenCL .
The OpenCL specification can help provide developers with an easy path to development across multiple platforms .
“ We believe that OpenCL is a step in the right direction and we fully support this effort .
AMD intends to ensure that the AMD Stream SDK rapidly evolves to comply with open industry standards as they emerge , ” said Bergman .
AMD plans to deliver the FireStream 9250 and the supporting SDK in Q3 2008 at around $ 999 .
See also : Electronics
Weekly ’s focus on x86 microprocessors , a roundup of content related to x86 microprocessor technologies and developments .
" All he has ever wanted to do is be in the Army .
He was in the cadets and then signed up when he was 16 .
He told me he would die for his Queen and country and he just wants to make a difference , " said Mrs Stringer .
The government advises exclusive breastfeeding for first six months Scientists have for the first time shown how a " trust " hormone is released in the brains of breastfeeding mothers .
It is further proof that breastfeeding promotes the maternal bond through a biochemical process .
The team at Warwick University said the hormone oxytocin was known to be released during breastfeeding but the mechanism in the brain was unclear .
Oxytocin also produces contractions during labour and causes milk to be " let down " from the mammary glands .
The hormone is produced in the hypothalamus - the part of the brain that controls body temperature , thirst , hunger , anger and tiredness .
It has been shown to promote feelings of trust and confidence and to reduce fear .
Co-ordination
The study , published in the journal PLoS Computational Biology , found that in response to a baby suckling , specialised neurons in the mothers ' brain start to release the hormone from the nerve endings .
But surprisingly oxytocin is also released from the part of the cell called the dendrite which is usually the part of a neurone which receives , rather than transmits information .
The model gives us a possible explanation of an important event in the brain that could be used to study and explain many other similar brain activities
Professor Jianfeng Feng
Using a mathematical model , the researchers worked out that this release from the dendrites allows a massive increase in communication between the neurons , co-ordinating a " swarm " of oxytocin factories producing intense bursts of the hormone .
They is an example of an " emergent process " , the scientists said - a closely co-ordinated action developing without a single leader , in the same as a flock of birds or insects swarms .
Study leader , Professor Jianfeng Feng said : " We knew that these pulses arise because , during suckling , oxytocin neurons fire together in dramatic synchronised bursts .
" But exactly how these bursts arise has been a major problem that has until now eluded explanation .
" The model gives us a possible explanation of an important event in the brain that could be used to study and explain many other similar brain activities . "
A spokesperson for the National Childbirth Trust ( NCT ) said breastfeeding for up to two years can have " significant health benefits " for mother and baby .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
signs up for the lead role in a movie adaptation of ‘s comic “ , ” reports IESB .
Fox will reportedly play the role of Aspen , an amnesic and super - powered mermaid discovered at sea as a child .
She is not literally a mermaid , her anatomy is similar but not human .
The principal character in Turner ’s Fathom universe , Aspen Matthews continues to serch for clues from her past in order to balance the turmoil between the two worlds she ’s inhabited .
Stepping off the Paradise cruise ship in 1984 , Aspen was adopted by the naval officer Captain Matthews and subsequently raised under his supervision .
An adopted failed Olympic swimmer and marine biologist , Aspen finds herself in involved with an aquatic humanoid race called the Blue .
Michael Turner ’s death this past June threw the project into doubt .
Comic Book Resouces asked him in August ’03 about the status of the Fathom movie , Turner said he was , “ really , really excited about it and optimistic . ”
The live - action movie was set up withandwas on the second draft of the screenplay .
The Aspen Comics team stated that , were they casting the film , the title character , Aspen , would be played byor …or Megan Fox ?
It 's a discovery that would make even Sherlock Holmes proud .
British scientists have developed a new crime - fighting technique that allows police to lift fingerprints from bullets even if a criminal has wiped down a shell casing .
Authorities in Britain and the United States used the method to re-open three cold cases , including a U.S. double murder that police are now optimistic of solving , said John Bond , the physicist who developed the technique .
' In one case there was enough evidence that could lead to an identification of an offender , ' said Bond , a researcher at the University of Leicester and consultant at Northamptonshire Police .
The conventional method of taking fingerprints has been around for more than 100 years and involves creating a chemical reaction with the sweat left behind on an object to produce an image police can use .
But if a criminal wipes away the sweat , there is little left to react with the chemical and regular methods are useless , Bond said .
The new technique allows police to outwit a criminal and produce a fingerprint even if there is no sweat impression to work with .
The British experts focused on hair - width bits of corrosion that sweat often leaves on certain metals in bullets and bombs .
They cover the metal with a fine powder and apply a strong electrical charge that makes the dust stick to the corroded areas , producing a potential fingerprint , Bond said .
' That very fine powder only sticks to the metal where it is corroded , which means it is only sticking where the fingerprint is and means you see the image of the fingerprint , ' said Bond , whose team has published its findings in the Journal of Forensic Sciences and the Journal of Applied Physics .
The technique is not foolproof and some people do not secrete enough salt in their sweat to corrode the metal to the point police can get a print , he added .
But for some seemingly dead - end cases it can provide crucial evidence and point to the person who loaded a gun used in a crime .
Detective Christopher King of the Kingsland Police Department in Georgia sought the British team 's help to crack an unsolved 10 - year - old double murder case and said the method had helped reignite the investigation .
' The results are surprising but to say that I am pleased would be an underestimate , ' he said in a statement .
' I feel very optimistic . '
Posted in Features on July 9 , 2008
Who has n’t dreamed of living on a private island , away from the hustle and bustle of city life ?
But , how often have you dismissed this dream with thoughts that you could n’t possibly afford this luxury ?
Well , you may need to rethink your dreams , because many private islands now are listed for less than $ 500,000 USD .
In fact , you can find islands for less than $ 100,000 .
All you need to do is spend a little time searching online for your dream environment .
The point to remember in this situation is that you get what you pay for .
Cheaper islands , on the whole , tend to be undeveloped .
This means that you may need to acquire electricity , plumbing and land suitable for building to complete your dream of living on said island .
Additionally , it may be tough to obtain a mortgage for island purchases , because most islands lack ‘ comparables ’ for valuation purposes .
So , you ’ll either need cash on hand or a solid business plan for development that could add valuation to your island ( such as a resort ) .
On the other hand , you can employ such amenities as prefabricated homes , easy - to - install solar power , reverse - osmosis water filtration systems and composting toilets .
All these items , which are perfect for island living , are within reach for an island dweller ’s average budget .
So , keep these plus - side items in mind when you tackle your search .
The ten islands listed below will give you a head start , as they lead to real estate businesses that can help you realize your private island dream .
The list below is organized by price , with the least expensive listed first , and the most expensive at the end .
West Bank Lighthouse : The U.S. General Services Administration actually is auctioning two lighthouses / islands in New York .
The one shown here , the West Bank Lighthouse , and the Old Orchard Shoal Lighthouse both are for sale .
Both properties are open for bids starting at $ 10,000 , and – as of this writing – no bids have been offered .
On the plus side , both lighthouses offer 360 - degree water views and both lighthouses retain basic integrity despite neglect .
Plus , the new owners will claim a bit of history with either purchase .
But , both lighthouses have been neglected , and they will be sold “ as is ” without warranties .
Additionally , both properties require an easement to legally occupy the submerged land , and the properties must be maintained in accordance with the Secretary of Interior ’s Standards for Rehabilitation and in consultation with the New York State Historic Preservation Office .
The Old Orchard Shoal Lighthouse is located approximately 3.5 miles south of New Drop Beach on Staten Island , Richmond County , New York .
The keeper ’s quarters consist of approximately 1000 square feet of space with porthole - styled windows .
The interior is brick - lined in the first three stories .
The West Bank Lighthouse is located in Lower New York Bay and is situated approximately 3.2 miles east of Staten Island , Richmond County , New York .
This property sits on a man-made island and includes a riprap breakwater which extends westward approximately 100 feet from the lighthouse .
There are two pilings which serve as moorings , and the interior is accessed by a metal platform and ladder .
Both properties are accessible only by boat .
Current price : Starting at $ 10,000 USD .
Dolphin Bay Island :
This is a small island that consists of 6,000 sq. ft. , but it is located in a very nice area near Bocatorito , Panama , with views of Dolphin Bay .
Plus , access to the island is easy , with a connection to San Cristobal Island via a strip of mangrove and access by boat within twenty minutes from Bocas .
You ’ll find a few large trees and some pineapple plants , and the island sits in protected waters with deep water nearby .
The island displays elevation , and it is perfect for a single - family home .
Current price : $ 40,000 USD .
Bereck Island : Canadian islands remain a relative bargain , with several available for less than $ 100,000 .
Bereck Island , located on Stuart Lake in British Columbia , Canada , represents one of these bargains .
Stuart Lake is the seventh largest lake in B.C. , and it is a fisherman ’s paradise stocked with rainbow trout , lake trout and kokanee .
The island is approximately one acre , and it is surrounded by a shallow rocky shelf on its south side that is exposed during low water level and that is visible during winter .
The island is accessible by boat or by floatplane .
Bereck Island is zoned as residential , so there should not be any problems building a dwelling .
Nearby towns include Fort St. James , which is accessible by paved road and is located about 60 km north of Vanderhoof and 160 km northwest of Prince George .
Current price : CAD $ 65,000 ( $ 64,327.21 USD ) .
David Island : Settle down on approximately five forested acres in Guysborough County , Nova Scotia .
David Island lies in the bay of Port Felix , about 30 km from the city of Canso and near the town of Whitehead .
The existing simple 12 ′ x 16 ′ cabin was built in 2003 , and it does not support a septic system .
But , it will provide a roof over your head as you plan for your future residence ( which is , in principal , possible ) .
This island could serve as a great fishing camp , provided you bring potable water .
The view includes the mainland and other islands , which lie in the Tor Bay direction .
Current price : CAD $ 75,000 ( $ 74,474.55 USD ) .
Chris Pinnacle :
This sale consists of two islands , which comprise an area of approximately 2.47 acres or one hectare located in Jordan , on the western side of Guimaras , Philippines .
One island contains a small bamboo hut with an outside seating area and a concrete pier .
While no electricity runs to the islands , it is possible to transport power and water across from the mainland via underwater pipe .
The mainland is only a few hundred meters , or a five - minute boat ride , from the island .
The larger of the two islands holds a large area at the peak where a house could be situated .
This view is magnificent , as you can enjoy the sunset to the west and unusual rock formations along the coastline to the east .
The smaller island is in ‘ virgin condition , ’ and it also contains a flat top .
Both islands are within viewing distance of a resort situated a mere 200 meters away on the mainland .
This location and ease of access , in addition to the unusual stone formations , the potential for sea-kayaking and diving and snorkeling ( yes , coral formations are abundant here ) make these islands ideal for resort development .
Current price : $ 100,000 USD .
Cockroach Caye :
If you want to start from scratch , Cockroach Caye ( shaped like a cockroach ) , located fifteen miles east of Belize City , Belize , Central America , is a great place to begin .
This unspoiled , undeveloped virgin swamp - free ten - acre property features 500 feet of Caribbean sea front in Cockroach Bay with approximately 300 yards to the eighteen - mile - long reef .
The island sits on top of the reef that extends from Turneffe Island , located a mere 300 feet west of this island .
The island will need to be cleared for development , as it is packed with coconut trees and mangrove .
But , you ’ll discover beautiful white sand along its beaches .
If you are into fishing , you ’ll discover tarpon and bonefish in the nearby flats and in the deep blue you can fish for Marlin , Sail Fish , Tuna , Wahoo and more .
Cockroach Caye is part of the Turneffe Atoll , which is about thirty miles long and about eight miles wide , and is the largest of the three atolls in the area .
Turneffe is the closest to the mainland and is home to a number of world - class dive sites .
The atoll has a scattering of fishing camps , some of which are permanently occupied , and some of which are used only on a seasonal basis .
At peak times , when combined with tourists and researchers , the atoll is inhabited by approximately 300 people .
If you arrive by air to Belize City , it will take you about one hour to get to your island by boat .
The seller is eager , and will consider all offers and can offer some financing as well .
Current price : $ 189,900 USD .
Lenur Island : Lenur Island is a beautiful and unspoiled thirty - seven acre island , situated in the crystal clear waters of South Malakula , Republic of Vanuatu , Oceania .
The archipelago is some 1,090 miles east of northern Australia , 310 miles north - east of New Caledonia , west of Fiji , and south of the Solomon Islands .
The archipelago is of volcanic origin , and maintains a tropical or sub-tropical climate .
The island is surrounded by small trees and a few coconut palms and there is about three fresh water streams that run from the mainland to the island ’s harbor .
From all claims , this island is the best site for a fishing stop for people who decided to come for game fishing in Vanuatu .
It claims the best harbor and beautiful sunset views .
Current price : $ 400,000 USD .
Eagle ’s Nest Island :
Who would have thought that an affordable island could be found in the heart of the U.S. ?
Eagle ’s Nest Island , located in Bath Springs , Decatur County , Tennessee , offers over 167 acres of undisturbed hardwoods , stone and sand in the middle of the Tennessee River .
The island holds some Civil War history , as Union troops searched for Confederate troops here in 1863 .
Decatur County and its cities and communities ( including Parsons and Decaturville ) boasts an active and progressive Chamber of Commerce , fine medical facilities , one of the best paramedic and emergency response teams in the State of Tennessee , a host of volunteer fire departments , an all volunteer , highly professional rescue squad and an excellent education system .
The county borders fifty miles of undeveloped river property , a tourism card that brings many visitors to this area to enjoy fishing , camping , swimming and river recreation , sports and hunting .
The island is approachable only by boat .
Current Price : $ 350,000 USD .
Carrington Cay :
If you ’ve been to Great Abaco Island and fell in love with this Bahamian island , then this treat is right up your alley .
This island is located just 300 feet offshore from Great Abaco Island , but it provides the seclusion that only a 1.4 - acre private island can offer .
Still , you would be located within minutes of shopping and other urban conveniences at Leisure Lee , an exclusive canal community filled with quality homes .
Carrington
Cay also is located just three miles from the more cosmopolitan Treasure Cay , a thriving luxury resort with a full - service marina , golf course , shopping and every amenity imaginable .
The island has good deep water for dockage at western end ( eight - foot depth at mean low water ) , and spectacular views of nearby Great Guana Cay and Treasure Cay .
A rare bonus is that due to the prevailing winds , the island is essentially insect - free , and with cable , electricity and potable water available for hook - up from the mainland , it will be easy to establish all the comforts of home on your private island paradise as soon as you sign the papers .
Current price : $ 455,000 USD .
Katunayake Island : Located a mere two - minute speed boat ride from the west coast of Sri Lanka , this ten - acre Asian tropical island begs for an eco-tourism resort development .
Why ?
For one reason , the buyer is required to divest in an Eco - Friendly operation .
Secondly , the convenience of the nearby Bandaranayake International Airport and the short distance to Colombo , Sri Lanka , makes it easy for visitors to gain access to your property .
Finally , the island is a beauty , with deciduous woods on the west side and green grasses and swaying trees on the eastern shores .
The lagoon is peaceful , and you ’ll enjoy birds that nest on the island , great sunsets and sunrises , swimming and fishing from the beaches or rocks , caving and shell collecting .
Although the island lacks electricity and phone service ( cell signal is available ) , you can develop connectivity easily from the main road .
Current price : $ 500,000 USD .
Did you enjoy this article ?
I ’VE been thinking about quitting lately .
No , not my job , nor my marriage nor the incredibly long Russian novel I need to read by September for my book group ( check back with me on that later ) .
Rather , I ’ve been thinking about the concept in general .
Watching the superhuman feats of the Olympic athletes this week , I ’ve admired the dedication and single - minded focus they exhibit .
I think about how maybe if I had just worked harder  much harder  at gymnastics when I was young , I could have reached that lofty goal ( conveniently forgetting how ill - suited I was to the sport because of my great fear of falling on my head ) .
Olympians embody one of the great clichés about quitting : “ Quitters never win and winners never quit . ”
My athletic career , on the other hand , is summed up by the other platitude about quitting : “ You ’ve gotta know when to hold ’em , know when to fold ’em . ”
Throughout life , we pretty much get those two contradictory messages about quitting .
In general , quitting is perceived as bad .
A quitter is a loser or , even worse , a traitor  someone who does n’t hang in when the going gets tough , someone who lets her team down .
Quit once , and it becomes a habit .
The New York Times says possibly , thanks to Alt - A loans that had generous teaser rates .
Those borrowers will take longer to get themselves in trouble , but without rising home prices , eventually they , too , will find themselves under water .
I 'm a little more skeptical than the Times .
Option arms and other exploding loans became popular in 2005 and 2006 , thanks to rising home prices .
But Alt - A buyers qualified for longer teaser periods than subprime borrowers - - 5 to 7 years instead of 2 to 3 .
That means that those defaults wo n't start coming until 2010 at the earliest .
By that time , economic growth should be picking up , and ( at the rate Ben Bernanke is going , anyway ) inflation will have eased some of the pain of their loans , even in a weak housing market .
Analysts generally expect housing declines to be three years from peak to trough , so we 're riding out the worst of it right now -- at least , if history is any guide .
Moreover , Alt - A buyers have more to lose , in terms of their credit rating , and are generally a little more firmly rooted in the American homeownership culture than those borrowing at subprime rates .
I 'd expect them to fight a lot harder to hold onto their homes , and their ratings , than the subprime borrowers - - 85 % of whom , remember , are still paying their loans on time .
By Michael Karadjis
The unconditional and mostly uncritical support that the United States has provided Israel over many decades has been more pronounced than us attitudes even to some of its most favoured Third World puppets .
While the us may from time to time give half - hearted official support to criticisms by human rights bodies of other pro-us governments , in virtually every case it has used its veto in the United Nations to block even the mildest criticism of blatant violations of human rights or international law by Israel .
Israel , although a First World economy , is the largest recipient of us aid in the world , currently averaging some $ 3 billion a year .
Since 1949 , the us has provided Israel some $ 84 billion ; when the interest costs borne by us taxpayers on behalf of Israel , another $ 49 billion , are added , the total is more than $ 134 billion .
1
This has led to a long controversy over the nature of this relationship .
A sizeable body of opinion claims that , the us relationship with Israel is the reverse of its relationship with various puppet tyrants : a powerful Israel , acting through a us - based “ Jewish ” or “ Israeli ” lobby , dictates us policy in the Middle East , bludgeoning Congress into decisions that conflict with real us interests .
Far from being an asset to us interests , support for Israel is a liability , they argue , because it alienates the us from the peoples and even the right - wing Arab and Muslim governments of the region , and inflames anti-us sentiment .
The us continues on this course only because of the power of this domestic lobby .
The us empire is not so powerful : it allows itself to be dominated by a small state of six million people and the voices of well - organised domestic lobbyists representing a mere 2.7 percent of the us population .
The main schools of ‘ lobby ’ theory
The most blatant version of this explanation is that us policy is dictated by a “ Jewish lobby ” , consisting of the large diaspora of Jews throughout the world , who are described as relatively wealthy , owning a large part of the western media and heavily involved in areas such as finance .
They are said to act as a fifth column for Israel by using their wealth and media control to push the us and other governments to carry out pro-Israel policies against their own interests .
This view is associated with many far - right critiques .
Here we will not concentrate on this kind of “ Jewish ” lobby theory with its racist connotations .
Far more commonly , we hear of an “ Israeli lobby ” dominating us foreign policy .
This is a lobby with special interests connected to the state of Israel .
It does not necessarily involve the majority of Jews in the us , and it can involve non-Jews who have special interests in Israel , including economic interests , election interests ( i.e. those in electorates where a large Jewish population is well - organised by right - wing Zionist leaders ) , or ideological interests , for example the powerful Christian - Zionist lobby .
There is no argument that such a lobby exists .
There are many lobbies in the us , and the pro-Israel lobby is a particularly powerful one .
It is often able to silence sections of the media that might attempt to criticise Israel , and to denigrate the reputations of academics and intimidate universities to get people sacked , to list some of its better known activities .
However , the argument is whether this lobby is so powerful that it and Israel drive us policy in the Middle East — whether the tail wags the dog rather than the dog wagging the tail .
This view sees a powerful , primarily Jewish , group in the us acting on behalf of a foreign government to push policies on the us government that are at odds with the latter ’s interests .
The issue was recently brought to the fore by the publication of an extensive critique of the influence of the Israeli lobby on us foreign policy by John Mearsheimer , a professor of political science at Chicago , and Stephen Walt , professor of international affairs at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard .
2
This was new because they are very much figures of the us foreign policy establishment , whose views represent the thinking of one wing of the right - wing “ realist ” school .
They wrote , “ The overall thrust of U.S. policy in the region is due almost entirely to U.S. domestic politics , and especially to the activities of the ‘ Israel Lobby . ’ …
No lobby has managed to divert U.S. foreign policy as far from what the American national interest would otherwise suggest . ”
Along with the right - wing argument , there is also a left version .
Unlike the right , it does not believe us foreign policy , without the lobby ’s influence , would be any less imperialist .
For example , referring to the administration of George Bush in 1988 - 92 , Jeffrey Blankfort notes , “ … while an overall evaluation of Bush ’s career would have him standing in the dock as a war criminal , his confrontation with the lobby was one of the bright spots for opponents of the us- Israel alliance ” .
3
This refers to Bush I ’s opposition to an expansion of settlements by the Israeli right - wing Likud government of Yitzak Shamir at a time when the us was trying to negotiate one of the many fake “ peace ” agreements between Israel and the Palestinians .
The left - wing lobby theorists believe that it is simply not in us interests to support Israel : a natural us policy in the Middle East would still be imperialist , but would not require the oppression of the Palestinians .
Bush understood that , and was trying to get a better deal for the Palestinians because us interests demand good relations with the reactionary Arab oil monarchies , like Saudi Arabia and Kuwait .
Relations with these repressive dictatorships , which control much of the world ’s oil , are undermined by us support for Israel , where there is no oil .
Blankfort ’s article describes the extraordinarily well - organised work of the lobby , particularly the aggressive and often successful canvassing and intimidation of members of Congress .
A large section deals with the lobby ’s mobilisation to get Congress to vote against Bush I ’s attempt to delay for 120 days some $ 10 billion in us - guaranteed loans to Israel .
This leaves the impression that the lobby ’s threats to unseat members of Congress really is what drives us policy in the Middle East .
Yet this raises another problem : it gives the legislative branch of the state too much power .
If a warped and pressured “ democratic ” process really is responsible for an overall foreign policy orientation that for many decades has been in conflict with us imperialist interests , we might expect to find an active undermining of this policy by other sections of the state , as in other cases where imperialist interests clash with the “ democratic ” process .
For example , when Congress voted against arming the Nicaraguan contras in the 1980s , top levels of the us state and government organised the Iran - contra affair .
We see none of this in relation to Israel .
The most ambitious attempt to deal with these contradictions and use a more Marxist approach , while still within the framework of talking about a lobby , has been made by Gabriel Ash .
He emphasises that the people in the Israeli lobby are not some foreign body but a part of the us and “ transnational ” ruling class .
It is only natural that there are divisions within the ruling class , and that some sections may have closer interests with Israel , while others may favour more openings to reactionary Arab states .
And this Israeli lobby within the us ruling class is not necessarily only its Jewish members .
4
Ash criticises Noam Chomsky ’s counterposition of “ strategic - economic interests of concentrations of domestic power in the tight state - corporate linkage ” to “ the Israeli lobby ” as factors in us Middle East policy .
Ash points out that this is a false distinction , which accepts the right - wing theoretical framework of Mearsheimer and Walt while rejecting their conclusions :
The way out of this mess … would mean collapsing the false distinction … we should look at Washington as a complex web of interlocking and overlapping alliances of ( transnational ) capital and ( domestic ) state institutions … capital is global and many of the interests represented in Washington lost their “ nationality ” long ago .
There is as little that is “ American ” in the interests of Citibank and Wal - Mart as in the interests represented by the Israel Lobby .
5
However , this version renders the term “ lobby ” meaningless : if we are talking about a section of the us ruling class , then a study of what its interests are , and why those interests are very pro-Israel , is still necessary .
A section of the us ruling class that is not only Jewish is a section of the us ruling class , not a mere lobby .
Yet elsewhere Ash appears to describe the lobby as much like other lobbies in the way it acts and in the nature of its pressure in formulating state policy , rather than a section of the ruling class .
He compares it to the gun lobby and the religious right , but neither gun laws nor creationism command the same virtually absolute support among the us ruling class as does support for Israel .
Is this simply because the Israel lobby is more powerful or better funded , or is there something more fundamental about us support for Israel ?
Elsewhere he writes as if the Israel lobby were similar to a more well - heeled version of the environment movement or the anti-war movement .
Despite it being part of the ruling class , it appears it still has to use the traditional lobbying tactics of other social movements to get its way .
Yet the Israeli lobby , unlike others , nearly always gets its way .
This is a strange way for a section of the ruling class to act — for it to need to lobby continually , it must be a minority among the ruling class ; yet these lobbying activities ensure its policies always dominate over those of the alleged ruling - class majority .
While Ash is correct that there are divisions over Middle East policy within the ruling class , these divisions are not fundamental .
One key reason the lobby has been so successful is that its Zionism is in accord with the overall views of all wings of the us ruling class .
What the main right - wing Israeli lobby — the America Israel Public Affairs Committee ( aipac ) — does is push the boundaries as far as it can in a more extreme direction .
No doubt its activities , like those of other lobbies , influence policy , but that does not prove that it is responsible for the support by the us ruling class for Zionism as a whole .
Joseph Massad , a key critic of lobby theories , puts it most correctly : “ What then would have been different in us policy in the Middle East absent Israel and its powerful lobby ?
The answer in short is : the details and intensity but not the direction , content , or impact of such policies . ”
6
Lobby theorists ’ critique of left analysis
Nevertheless , we need to answer some of the points raised by lobbyist theorists , which cast doubt on the traditional left - wing view of those arguing against the lobby explanation of the us-Israel connection .
This traditional view has gone something like the following :
Israel is a colonial - settler state whose existence in a hostile region , where it has displaced indigenous Arabs , makes it a permanently dependent ally of imperialism .
Its permanent conflict with its neighbours makes it most useful to imperialism : as Henry Kissinger put it , “ Israel ’s obstinacy … serves the purposes of both our countries best ” .
The whole First World population of Israel have some stake in maintaining their position of privilege , and this requires being a willing tool of imperialism .
The Israeli bourgeoisie is therefore completely dependent on imperialism , while at the same time being a tiny section of the imperialist bourgeoisie itself .
This is a far more stable prop for imperialism than the reactionary Arab / Muslim capitalist states , in which only a thin crust of the bourgeois elite can be reliable allies of imperialism — and they can be removed by revolution .
The overthrow of the shah of Iran showed this : all the years of imperialist investment in his regime as a regional policeman crashed in 1979 .
This could not happen to Israel , where the whole population is tied to imperialism .
Israel thus plays the role of , in the words of former us Secretary of State Alexander Haig , “ the largest and only unsinkable U.S. aircraft carrier in the world ” .
In this role , Israel has helped knock down regimes hostile to imperialist interests , such as its defeat of Nasser in 1967 , which dealt a crippling blow to the Arab nationalist wave .
However , the lobby theorists claim that support for Israel is detrimental to us imperialist interests .
Its very existence , and particularly us support to its most uncompromising policies , is what creates hostility to the us and to imperialism in the region .
The Palestinians themselves do not have oil , so there is no special us interest in Israel ’s oppression of Palestine .
But us control of the vital oil - rich region beyond Palestine is threatened by anti-imperialist movements which have as their starting points hostility to Israel .
Otherwise , many of these fundamentally bourgeois - led movements and states would more likely be us allies .
Due to Israel , even right - wing capitalist regimes in the region often have to take their distance from Washington .
While supporting oppression and opposing national liberation movements is the same policy that us imperialism pursues elsewhere in the Third World , it is not true to say , as Chomsky does , that “ us policies in the Middle East are quite similar to those pursued elsewhere ” , because elsewhere these reactionary policies do not include a colonial settler state that produces such local hostility to the us .
Few lobby theorists would deny that the early Zionist movement was promoted by imperialism , but this was in the age of colonialism , when Britain and France directly controlled parts of the region .
A colonial - settler Zionist state was a natural ally then .
However , it has a completely different effect today , when imperialism maintains control via indirect neo-colonial arrangements with the local comprador ruling classes .
Some would concede also that Israel had some utility for the us during the Cold War , since it could act as a us surrogate against pro-Soviet regimes , but this is fundamentally different after the Cold War .
According to Blankfort , “ if during the Cold War the us regarded Israel as a reliable ally against Soviet - backed regimes in some Arab states , this argument vanished as quickly as did the ussr ” .
Now the only real threat is political Islam , and it is us support for Israel that facilitates the growth of this movement .
Despite the talk of Israel being a most reliable us cop in the region , the lobby theorists continue , there are few cases in which Israel has been used in that role , other than 1956 ( by British and French imperialism , but opposed by us imperialism ) and in 1967 ( supported by us imperialism ) .
In fact , in Bush I ’s war against Iraq in 1991 , an effort was made to ensure Israel did not attack Iraq , even when Iraq launched Scuds at Israel , because an Israeli attack on the side of the us would have destroyed the Arab coalition the us had built .
While it may be the “ most reliable ” ally of imperialism , this is irrelevant if it can not be used in this role .
Surely then , they argue , if the us were to broker a genuine peace agreement which forced an Israeli withdrawal from the territories occupied in 1967 and allowed a viable Palestinian state , this would boost the standing of us imperialism among millions of Arabs and Muslims , strengthen the relationship between the us and the reactionary Arab states which control most of the oilfields and defuse anti-imperialist sentiments .
The only reason the us continues to act against its own interests is the pressure of the Israeli lobby .
Bush I knew that , and when he tried to get an Israeli - Palestinian peace process going with the Madrid conference , Israel reacted by demanding $ 10 billion in us - guaranteed loans .
Bush asked Israel to delay it for 120 days and made it conditional on freezing the settlement binge , and Israel refused .
This led to a furious offensive by the Israeli lobby to get the numbers in Congress to vote against Bush , and this may have cost him the election a few months later .
7
Anti-imperialism in the Middle East : not only a reaction to Israel
Part of this thesis is based on a fallacy : the idea that anti-imperialism in the Middle East is fundamentally a reaction to Israel ’s dispossession of the Palestinians and us support for that .
Anti-imperialist movements are not unique to the Middle East .
They exist throughout the neo-colonial world .
The mass uprising against British imperialism in Iraq in the early 1920s had nothing to do with the future Zionist state ; likewise the revolutionary developments in Iran from 1944 to 1953 , including Mossadeq ’s nationalisation of imperialist oil interests , which led to the cia ’s bloody 1953 coup .
The rise of Nasserism — the most radical version of the bourgeois nationalist wave — was first directed against imperialism , not Zionism : the nationalisation of the Suez Canal was a huge anti-imperialist act , and British and French imperialism utilised Israel for their joint attack on Nasser .
The revolution against British imperialism in Yemen was followed by a civil war in the 1960s that pitted a Nasser - backed anti-imperialist left against a Saudi - backed royalist right .
us imperialism aims to rule the oil - rich region not only via Israel , but also via the Saudi Arabian monarchy and the other princes , sheikhs and emirs on the Gulf , rather than the normal right - wing bourgeois regimes it uses elsewhere .
When Israel attacked Nasser in 1967 , it was not only doing itself a favour ( by seizing territory ) , but also knocking out a nationalist regime that was upsetting imperialism ’s other key prop : the semi-feudal oil monarchies .
In fact , the strategic nature of the us- Israel alliance derives from this knock - out of Nasserism : us aid to Israel increased 450 percent after 1967,8 and some 99 percent of us aid to Israel has been given since 1967.9
Lobby theorists could argue that Israel may have done the us a service because the Nasser regime was pro-Soviet , but the collapse of the ussr made Israel no longer useful in this way .
Yet while the ussr could provide an alternative pole for bourgeois nationalist regimes , it was never simply the Soviet alliance that was the problem for imperialism , but any challenge to undiluted imperialist control .
Anti-imperialist movements continue to exist throughout the Third World , including the Middle East , in the post - Soviet era . us support to Israel may intensify anti-us sentiment in the region , but is by no means primarily responsible for it .
It would exist without Israel .
Israel as regional cop ?
However , even if it only intensifies anti-us feeling , what is it about Israel that makes this intensification worth it ?
Is it the role it can play as regional cop for imperialism ?
It may be true that the us has been less willing to use Israel directly to attack in the manner of 1956 and 1967 , and the holding back of Israel in 1991 is a good example .
However , Stephen Zunes provides much information on how the us continues to use Israel even in such operations , in secondary but very important ways :
Rather than being a liability … the 1991 Gulf War once again proved Israel to be a strategic asset : Israeli developments in air - to - ground warfare were integrated into allied bombing raids against Iraqi missile sites and other targets ; Israeli - designed conformal fuel tanks for F - 15 fighter - bombers greatly enhanced their range ; Israeli - provided mine plows were utilized during the final assaults on Iraqi positions ; Israeli mobile bridges were used by U.S. Marines ; Israeli targeting systems and low - altitude warning devices were employed by U.S. helicopters ; and Israel developed key components for the widely - used Tomahawk missiles .
This has continued during the current Iraq invasion :
Israel has also been supportive of U.S. military operations in Iraq by helping to train U.S. Special Forces in aggressive counterinsurgency techniques and sending urban warfare specialists to Fort Bragg to instruct assassination squads targeting suspected Iraqi guerrilla leaders .
The U.S. civil administration in Iraq … was modeled after Israel ’s civil administration in the occupied Arab territories …
Israelis have helped arm and train pro-American Kurdish militias and have assisted U.S. officials in interrogation centers for suspected insurgents ...
Israeli advisers have shared helpful tips on erecting and operating roadblocks and checkpoints , have provided training in mine - clearing and wall - breaching methods , and have suggested techniques for tracking suspected insurgents using drone aircraft .
Israel has also provided aerial surveillance equipment , decoy drones , and armored construction equipment .
Israel has also provided services to imperialism elsewhere in the Third World , using its extensive experience in repression to aid the us in places from Central America to Sri Lanka .
It has served as an indirect link for the us to regimes , such as apartheid South Africa , that have been so internationally isolated that even the us Congress is forced to cut off open cooperation ; it played a similar role in the Iran - contra scandal in the 1980s , both facilitating links to the Iranian leaders and channelling arms to the contras .
All these examples make it clear that Israel performs a great deal of work that would be valuable to us imperialism without any Israeli lobby existing .
Nevertheless , the argument remains whether these secondary uses of Israel to imperialism can make up for the intensification of anti-us feeling in the region .
While Israel can be seen as a “ cop of last resort ” , the lobby theorists have a point that the “ aircraft carrier ” analogy is stretching it , or at least outmoded , given the counterproductive effect of any direct us use of Israel against its neighbours .
us support for the most extreme Israeli policies of Likud governments makes hostility to the us even worse , and thus the risk of using Israel greater .
It would seem therefore to be in us interests at least to push a compromise “ peace ” agreement rather than the more extreme Likud versions of Zionism .
This would reduce hostility and thus make it easier to use Israel when needed .
Therefore , lobby theorists argue , policies like those of the current Bush II / neo -con us regime , with its rabid support for Likud , must surely be against us interests and thus dictated by the Israel lobby .
Growing convergence of ruling classes
However , these secondary military services are not the only reasons for imperialist support for Israel .
There is debate over whether Israel should be termed a mini-imperialist country in its own right or if the fact that it is even more dependent on imperialism than average Third World countries makes this term meaningless .
However , what is not in dispute is that its ruling class largely originates in imperialist countries in recent decades , along with most of the Israeli population , and that the economic and technological levels of the country are First World.10
Given the origins of the Israeli ruling class and its decades of connection with the us ruling class , their destinies are now so linked as to make it difficult to separate them .
This is why pro-Israel forces in the us are well beyond what can usefully be called a “ lobby ” .
It is no surprise that these links are strongest in the military industry , a very large section of the us ruling class .
Lobby theorists often point to the $ 3 billion provided by the us annually to Israel as evidence of the power of the lobby , rather than of Israel ’s strategic worth to the us .
But there is an even more direct connection : most of this money can be spent only on us - made weapons .
Such well - known names in the us ruling class as Lockheed Martin , Raytheon , United Technologies , Boeing , Textron and General Dynamics profit handsomely from this money provided by us taxpayers , Israel ’s armed forces being full of their products .
11
Due to Israel ’s militarised existence , the military / high - tech industries play a dominant role there seen elsewhere only in the us itself , so their large - scale symbiotic relationship with the us military - industrial complex is hardly surprising .
Israel is the fifth largest supplier of high - tech military hardware to the United States .
12 Israel produces ten percent of the world ’s arms and is involved in many joint ventures with us defence and high tech companies .
One of the key links between the us and Israeli arms industries is the Jewish Institute for National Security Affairs and its cousin , the Center for Security Policy .
These were among the leading organisations which , along with the Project for the New American Century and the American Enterprise Institute , formed the core of the neo-conservative project .
They include the same number of Jewish defence intellectuals with Likud connections as the other “ think - tanks ” do , but their boards of directors are also stacked with generals and admirals , heads of defence industries ( for example from Lockheed Martin , Boeing , Israeli Aircraft Industries and Northrop Grumman ) , weapons brokers and military consultancies like Cypress International and sy Technology , whose main clients include the Pentagon ’s Missile Defense Agency , which oversees joint projects with Israel .13
With links like these , major sections of the us ruling class hardly need to be convinced by a lobby to support Israel , and an aggressive one at that .
Key ideological prop of us imperialism
Beyond these direct connections between the ruling classes , what needs to be understood is the special nature of the Israeli state that makes it central to imperialist strategy and makes it highly unlikely that imperialism would simply drop it , short of truly enormous challenges that might make it counterproductive .
It is the ideological uses of a western prop in the region that is often underestimated by lobby theorists .
Imperialism does not rule by “ free ” economic expansion on its own .
Those who argue that without Israel , us capital could spread more unencumbered in the region , are making a similar mistake to those who argue that chauvinist campaigns against immigrants in western countries are against the interests of big capital , which profits from the “ free ” movement of highly exploitable labour .
It is the whip of the anti-immigrant movement , alongside the racism that tells immigrants where their place is in the hierarchy , that ensures their labour remains highly exploitable .
In supporting Israel , imperialism is supporting a country that it projects as a replica of advanced western “ Judeo - Christian ” civilisation , bluntly telling millions of Arabs who they must look up to if they want the cash , the technology , the arms and supposedly the standard of living .
Those not looking at this ideological aspect and instead concentrating on the hostility it creates miss a number of further points .
The presence of Israel actually helps reactionary Arab regimes justify their own repressive rule , and in practice has facilitated rather than compromised their connections to the us .
The presence of a colonial - settler state , along with the Saudi monarchy , entrenches a conservative politics : even anti-imperialist movements are thereby stuck at the “ national ” stage and rarely go over to the anti-capitalist stage .
A democratic solution in Palestine would threaten the repressive regimes that imperialism relies on in the oilfields .
An aggressive Israel coincides with an increasingly aggressive us imperialism threatened by competitors , serves the us interest of promoting its lead in providing “ security cover ” in the region for other imperialists and enforces an ideological message about who the boss is .
Relations with reactionary Arab states
The existence of a theocratic and racist regime in the heart of the Arab world actually helps the reactionary monarchies of the Gulf to justify their repressive regimes and massive security apparatuses — armed by the same us that arms Israel .
Ironically , the Saudi rulers justify their need for massive quantities of arms by pointing to the aggressive anti-Arab actions of Israel .
Apart from keeping these regimes in power , arming both sides is also a bonanza for the us armaments industry .
The big rise in weaponry in the region with the current us support for Likud ’s terroristic policies and the invasion of Iraq pushed us arms sales abroad to $ 21 billion in 2005 - 06 , double the previous year .
14
These enormous arms sales call into question the idea that us support for Israel has affected its relationship with the reactionary Arab states .
Saudi Arabia is one of the biggest us arms customers in the world .
It recently announced plans to buy $ 5.8 billion of us weapons to modernise its national guard , along with $ 3 billion “ in orders for Black Hawk helicopters , Abrams and Bradley armored land vehicles , new radio systems and other weapons ” .
Bahrain , Jordan and the United Arab Emirates “ have filed plans to buy Black Hawk helicopters for a total of $ 1 billion .
Oman plans to buy a $ 48 million anti-tank missile system .
The Emirates plans to buy rocket artillery equipment and military trucks for $ 752 million and Bahrain will purchase Javelin missiles for $ 42 million .
”
15
An increasingly aggressive us - Israeli alliance since the 1990s did not prevent Gaddafi ’s Libya transforming itself from the most radical bourgeois - nationalist regime in the region into a us ally , despite maintaining an anti-Zionist stand .
Likewise , in the 1980s , the Reagan regime ’s aggressive support for Israel did not prevent the radical bourgeois - nationalist and anti-Zionist regime of Saddam Hussein in Iraq from collaborating with imperialism in its invasion of Iran .
Even when Israel bombed an Iraqi nuclear reactor , Hussein stepped up his new alliance with imperialism .
Israel meanwhile sent arms to the similarly radical bourgeois nationalist regime in Iran , and facilitated us contact with the mullahs , enabling the us to play one off against another .
When the Iraqi regime entered its long period of conflict with imperialism in 1990 , this did not result mainly from mass pressure on the regime to react against us support for Israel ; it resulted from the conflict between Iraq , a real country , and Kuwait , one of the oil sheikhdoms of the Gulf .
Thus it could be argued that us support for these anachronistic monarchies also creates anti-us hostility in the region .
Moreover , Israel ’s dispossession of the Palestinians also allows these regimes to use anti-Zionist demagogy in the same way as openly reactionary regimes , to justify a repressive state .
Hussein , for example , could hang Communists from lamp - posts , providing an indirect service to imperialism , while slandering his victims as “ Zionist spies ” .
Keeping anti-imperialism within national bounds
The existence of a colonial - settler state , keeping alive a burning national question , tends to restrict struggles to the national stage .
The existence of the Saudi and Gulf monarchies has a similar effect .
Thus , while lobby theorists argue that us support for Israel intensifies anti-imperialism in the region , we could equally argue that it politically limits the anti-imperialism that would exist anyway , and maintains conservative political hegemony .
While Latin America and the Middle East have a similar level of economic development , in the former the anti-imperialist struggle has often tended to cross over from the national stage to socialist revolution .
By contrast , in the Middle East , anti-imperialism has meant Khomeiniite Iran , Baathist Iraq and Syria , Gaddafi ’s Libya , etc. — regimes that are a headache for imperialism , but unmistakably bourgeois .
None of this means that us support for Israel does not intensify hostility .
If continued Israeli intransigence did create a situation in which it was fuelling such anti-imperialist feeling that the us felt its interests seriously threatened , then it is likely the us would force Israel to some kind of compromise .
However , while some of the “ Islamist ” opposition appears uncompromisingly anti-imperialist , it is important to understand that the us does not yet see this kind of anti-imperialism as any more fundamental a threat than the national struggle that has long existed in the region ; “ political Islam ” is just as bourgeois as other forms of bourgeois nationalism .
Moreover , in the past , many “ Islamist ” forces were promoted by imperialism as a counterweight to Communist , left - wing and Nasserite movements .
Such imperialist support is evidence that western governments understand that their “ anti-imperialism ” is not as serious as their rhetoric would suggest , and that in different circumstances many of these movements would be prone to manipulation .
Indeed , the most fundamentalist regime is the Saudi monarchy , the key us ally after Israel .
Furthermore , while hostility to Israel is one driver of Islamic radicalism , it is far from the only cause of its spectacular rise .
Al Qaida evolved out of a wing of the Islamic reactionaries sent by Saudi Arabia , with us support , to fight against the Soviets in Afghanistan in the 1980s .
us support for Israel and the plight of the Palestinians did not appear to bother bin Laden much in 1980s .
He turned against the us when the latter used the Gulf War against Iraq in 1991 to occupy Saudi Arabia with thousands of troops .
This coincided with a growing alienation of the Saudi bourgeoisie , of which bin Laden is a prominent member , from the Saudi monarchy .
The anti-us hostility of the “ fundamentalist ” bin Laden is as much due to us support for the “ fundamentalist ” Saudi monarchy as to us support for Israel .
The biggest boost to Islamist radicalisation has come from the us invasion and occupation of Iraq .
If us support for Israel is alleged to be against us interests because it fuels anti-us hostility , then presumably the us is also acting against its own interests by occupying Saudi Arabia and then Iraq .
One other point on the more reactionary forms of “ Islamism ” is that its religious language , its use of large - scale terrorist actions and the “ clash of civilisations ” ideology it espouses all play directly into the hands of imperialism .
Those arguing that us support for Israel is inflaming “ militant Islam ” miss the point that the more anti-imperialism takes an “ Islamic ” colouration , the more this provides imperialism with its badly needed new all - encompassing “ enemy ” .
However , it is important not to conflate the various movements often jumbled together as “ political Islam ” .
Some movements originating in political Islam , such as the Lebanese Shiite group Hezbollah and the Palestinian Hamas , have evolved substantially from more sectarian roots into genuine national liberation movements , casting off much of the baggage that would have prevented their struggles moving forward in unity with other forces .
However , the fact that these two movements are forever involved in life and death national struggles against Israeli occupation still restricts further evolution towards linking national and social revolution : one step forward , when greeted by another Israeli rocket attack , maintains the struggle at the level of pure survival .
Democratic Palestine : Against imperialist interests
This is also true of the secular nationalist Palestine Liberation Organisation ( plo ) .
At its height in the 1980s , the plo ’s long struggle , together with support from the world socialist movement , had led it to become the most politically progressive force in the Arab world .
Any plo victories were likely to undermine regional capitalist regimes , so the us had all the more reason to support Israel ’s repression of it .
The radicalised Palestinian masses stood on the side of progressive forces in Jordan and Lebanon , and Israel performed a good service to imperialism in helping the forces of reaction in both countries ( Jordan in 1970 and Lebanon during the civil war ) against the plo-backed progressive forces .
However , lobby theorists can point out that the plo would not exist in the first place if Israel were not there , and that there is a radicalised Palestinian mass that could join progressive forces in other countries only due to their dispossession .
But this argument takes us back as far as 1948 — when few would argue that an “ Israeli lobby ” ran Washington .
Since both Israel and the Palestinian dispossession do exist , and Israel has been useful to imperialism for a prolonged period of time , even if it were of less use now , the question would arise of what to replace it with .
And then clear - sighted imperialist planners would understand that if Israel were replaced by a democratic - secular state , this might well doom the reactionary Saudi and Gulf monarchies and other repressive Arab states .
Despite the rhetoric of the neo-conservatives about a “ democratic revolution ” across the Middle East , the last thing the us wants is popular democratic regimes overthrowing the oil monarchies .
Therefore , if the Palestinians cannot be crushed outright , then co-opting the national movement within Zionist bounds — such as the various us - backed “ peace plans ” — ensures the struggle of the Palestinians remains focused not only on national issues , but on pure survival .
Conflict over different versions of Zionism
This is why every time a us government has advocated a compromise by Israel on the occupied territories to assuage its reactionary Arab clients , it is always completely within the bounds of Zionism and an undemocratic solution .
No wing of the us government has ever advocated a fully independent viable Palestinian state in all of the West Bank and Gaza with a capital in East Jerusalem ( not to mention the return of Palestinian refugees ) .
Usually what is advocated is a partial withdrawal , handing over parts of the occupied territories to some kind of Oslo - style “ autonomy ” , or a “ state ” of cantons , with greatly restricted rights , never including East Jerusalem .
When the Israel lobby fights a us government on this , it is a dispute among rival concepts of an undemocratic Zionist solution .
Even those us governments which are said to “ stand up to the lobby ” also see the usefulness of Israel , if not of the extreme Likud program .
For example , the Ford administration clashed with Israel in 1975 over its support for Resolution 242 , which called for Israeli withdrawal from the territories occupied in 1967 in exchange for peace with Arab neighbours .
16 Yet this resolution said nothing about a Palestinian state in those territories .
For decades , the Jordanian monarchy expected to get the West Bank if Israel withdrew , and us policy supported this .
While Jordan , along with Egypt and Syria , which both had territory seized by Israel in 1967 , voted for Resolution 242 , the al Fatah leadership of the plo long rejected it .
The idea that Gerald Ford was about to “ impose ” Resolution 242 is entirely fanciful : as Blankfort explains elsewhere , Ford and Kissinger raised the idea of “ reassessing ” Middle East policy , and supporting 242 , as a reaction to their inability to get Israel to agree to a second Sinai disengagement , which they saw as necessary for getting Egypt on board for the Camp David accord .
Yet Camp David became reality within a couple of years , a massive coup for us imperialism in bringing about the defection of Egypt to the us camp , and also getting Egypt to recognise Israel .
Neither before nor after has the us ever shown any real interest in “ imposing ” 242 , despite it being well within the confines of a Zionist solution .
In the confrontation between Bush I and Yitzhak Shamir ’s Likud regime in Israel in 1991 , Bush was not calling for a Palestinian state , and not necessarily even a complete Israeli withdrawal .
The issue was the Madrid Conference .
At this conference , the Palestinians were not even allowed to have their own delegation , let alone a plo delegation — officially non-plo Palestinians had to form a joint team with Jordan .
The Madrid process was thus the first step towards the Oslo accord of 1993 , under Bush ’s successor Clinton , which was accepted by the new Israeli Labour government of Yitzhak Rabin , which defeated Shamir ’s Likud .
Oslo also left all the important issues for the future while ceding control of some Palestinian population centres to an autonomous but powerless Palestinian authority .
Ironically , the lobby theorists see Bush I ’s election defeat and Clinton ’s ascendancy as a victory of the lobby , and castigate the Zionist nature of Oslo .
This ignores not only the essential continuity between Madrid and Oslo , but also the fact that the us and Israeli right wing , including the us - based Israel lobby , began an immediate campaign against Clinton , Rabin and Oslo , declaring it an unacceptable concession to plo “ terrorists ” .
Seeing all this as a us - Israeli split is at most only half true : the governments of Bush I and Clinton were in full agreement with the Israeli Labour Party , i.e. the main traditional party of Zionism .
Israel ’s Labour Zionists supported Madrid .
It was with Likud ’s more fanatically right - wing program that the two presidents had a conflict .
In other cases , it was the other way around .
For example , in 1987 , then Israeli Deputy Prime Minister Shimon Peres reached an agreement with Jordan ’s King Hussein for resolving the status of the Palestinian territories .
It called for an international conference hosted by the UN to find a solution based on Resolution 242 , and for the Palestinians to be represented by the Jordanian delegation , with no plo participation .
There was no suggestion of a Palestinian state ; on the contrary , Jordan would gain sovereignty over the West Bank .
This was fundamentally similar to the Reagan Plan ( 1982 ) and was the basis for the later Madrid plan .
Peres was the Labour Party deputy in the Likud - Labour national unity government ( 1984-90 ) .
The Likud prime minister , Yitzhak Shamir , opposed this agreement from the right .
“ Peres beseeched then Secretary of State George Schultz to take the initiative in pursuing the plan .
Schultz declined .
” 17 Reacting to the sabotage by the Reagan regime of an Israeli Labour initiative , Yassir Arafat declared this disproved ideas about a Jewish lobby running Washington ; rather , “ the us tells Israel what to do ” .
US and Israeli right - wing alliance
The current energetic alliance between the us neo-conservatives , aipac , the Christian fundamentalist right , the Bush ii regime and the Likud regimes of Netanyahu and Sharon began taking effect while the Republicans and Likudniks were still out of power in the mid-1990s , in reaction against Oslo .
Moves such as the 1995 Jerusalem Embassy Act18 were aimed at undermining Clinton and Rabin at the moment when sensitive negotiations were taking place and both governments were up for re-election .
When Netanyahu brought Likud back to power in 1996 , he was immediately greeted by leading us neo-conservatives Richard Perle and Douglas Feith with the “ Clean Break ” plan .
This advocated scrapping Oslo , undermining Arafat , crushing the Palestinians and having Israel spearhead a us -led undermining of Syria and Iran and overthrow of the Iraqi regime , giving Iraq to the Hashemite monarchy of Jordan — along with the scrapping of all remnants of “ Labour Zionism ” in economic policy .
19
Much is made of the fact that some of these neo-conservatives — in particular Perle , Feith and Wolfowitz — are Jewish ( although many others are not ) , as if to suggest that they were us agents of Israel who wanted to overthrow these governments because they are anti-Israel .20
However , these us neo-conservatives were disappointed in Netanyahu because even an Israeli leader as reactionary as he thought this program was too extreme .
In fact , divisions exist in both the us and Israeli ruling classes over whether it is a good idea to overthrow governments like those of Iran , Iraq and Syria .
On the one hand , these governments are capitalist , repressive and anti-working class , and many in the us and Israeli ruling classes fear that overthrows could lead to even more hostile forces taking power .
However , other sections of the ruling classes believe they must be dealt with to establish unlimited us and / or Israeli power in the region , not only because these regimes are anti-Israel , but also because they have their origins in national revolutions , however distant in the past , and have a history of trying to cut out more space for their own national bourgeoisies , particularly over oil wealth .
The “ Clean Break ” people were n’t too shy about how much the military needs of us imperialism were at the centre of their attempt to goad Netanyahu even further to the right .
The document helpfully notes :
Mr. Netanyahu can highlight his desire to cooperate more closely with the United States on anti-missile defense in order to remove the threat of blackmail which even a weak and distant army can pose to either state .
Not only would such cooperation on missile defense counter a tangible physical threat to Israel ’s survival , but it would broaden Israel ’s base of support among many in the United States Congress who may know little about Israel , but care very much about missile defense .
The basis of this aggressive approach had already been laid out by Wolfowitz when he was an undersecretary for policy under Defense Secretary Dick Cheney in the regime of Bush I , in the “ Defence Planning Guidance ” white paper of 1992 .
It is clear from this paper that Wolfowitz ’s prime concerns were about us world domination , not Israel ; for him and his allies , an extremist Israeli regime is the best ally in such an ongoing struggle .
Among other things , the document says the us must deter “ potential competitors from even aspiring to a larger regional or global role ” .
While such “ potential competitors ” could include a capitalist Russia or China or a bloc of nationalist - minded oil - producing states , the document made clear the us rulers also had their European imperialist allies in mind : “ A substantial American presence in Europe and continued cohesion within the western alliance remain vital ... we must seek to prevent the emergence of European - only security arrangements which would undermine nato ” .
21
This underlines another aspect of the post - Cold War world : the sharpening of the struggle between major imperialist blocs , particularly the us and the European Union , as well as other large capitalist countries such as Russia .
The alliance between the most aggressive wing of the us ruling class and the most extreme forces in Israel should be seen in this context .
The Middle Eastern capitalist classes have some bargaining power between these blocs .
Meanwhile , since the 1990s , the main EU imperialist powers , particularly France and Germany , have made a number of feeble attempts to shake off the domination of us military - security cover represented by us control of nato , while their competition with us imperialism increases in various parts of the world .
Iraq switched the currency of its oil sales from the dollar to the euro in 2000 , and Iran announced the setting up of an oil bourse in 2006 that would also deal in euros .
Some analysts have seen these moves as key to understanding the us invasion of Iraq and its threats to invade Iran , given the central importance the petro - dollar has long played in ensuring us world dominance .
22
This further underlines how us hostility to these regimes can be connected to inter- imperialist rivalry , how national bourgeois regimes can cause trouble for the us regardless of Israel and how the end of the ussr does not give the us unquestioned control — meaning that Israel remains a useful asset .
By pushing the most aggressive and confrontational wing of the Israeli ruling class to maintain high tension , the us neo-conservatives and their allies seek to maintain the necessity of the us “ security ” cover , to “ protect ” the investments of other imperialists as well , which would be undermined by a genuine peace agreement .
This also is of direct material interest to the gigantic us armaments industry — a much more major part of the ruling class in the us than in any of its imperialist competitors .
Who is boss ?
While possibly counterproductive if pushed too far , an approach based on intimidation and “ showing who is boss ” is not an uncommon imperialist policy .
The us may choose not to use Israel regularly , but its presence maintains the threat should anyone step too far out of line .
The fact that the us still economically dominates the region , especially in the all - important fields of oil , dollars and weapons , suggests this strategy of intimidation has been working .
There are many historical precedents for what might appear “ irrationally ” aggressive approaches .
All the same points could be made about the continuing British colonial presence in northern Ireland , for example : does n’t it alienate the southern Irish and deepen ant - British sentiment in the much larger area of the Irish Republic , in exchange for direct control over a small region with few important resources ?
This again underlines that imperialism does not rule only via the free movement of capital , but also ideologically : the British presence is a reminder of who is boss .
If the us backs Israel only due to an Israeli lobby , then does Britain maintain its Malvinas colony in the South Atlantic — territory claimed by Argentina — due to the lobby of a few thousand English sheep herders ?
It could be claimed that this turns popular sentiment against Britain , yet Britain is a major imperialist power in Argentina .
Moreover , while Argentina at the time of the Malvinas war was ruled by a right - wing military dictatorship that was helping us imperialism against the Sandinista government of Nicaragua , the us stood solidly on the side of its British partner : unity in showing who is boss was more important than any anti-us sentiment this may have created in Latin America .
Intransigent Zionism and Israeli ruling - class interests
Moreover , if by the “ Israeli lobby ” we mean the right - wing organisation aipac , which pushes extreme Likudnik positions and is allied with the most war - mongering faction of the us ruling class , then it is difficult to describe it either as the “ Jewish lobby ” or even the “ Israel lobby ” .
The majority of us Jews have more progressive politics on a range of issues , including Israel , than aipac .
And the majority of us Jews who do support Israel tend towards “ peace - process ” / two-states politics , and tend to support the Israeli Labour Party and the us Democrats , rather than the extremist positions of Likud and Bush ii .
As Mearsheimer and Walt admit , “ although neo- conservatives and other Lobby leaders were eager to invade Iraq , the broader American Jewish community was not … a compilation of nationwide opinion polls … shows that Jews are less supportive of the Iraq war than the population at large , 52 per cent to 62 per cent ” .
Thus even if it were true that aipac decides policy for the us rulers , it would not necessarily be the case that this would be the policy advocated by us Jews , us supporters of Israel or many Israelis .
Which leads to the question of whether the most right - wing positions on Israel - Palestine are necessarily in the interests of the Israeli bourgeoisie any more than in the interests of the us bourgeoisie .
If it is assumed that a softer version of Zionism would better facilitate the penetration of us capital in the Middle East , then surely the same would be true of Israeli capital .
The more right - wing , ideologically driven sections of both the us and Israeli ruling classes could be said to be blocking the freer expansion of both ruling classes in the region .
Moreover , even if Israeli capital benefits from the use of cheap Palestinian labour in a way that does not necessarily interest us capital , this is not at all threatened by attempts by one wing of the us ruling class , supported by Israeli Labour , to achieve an undemocratic compromise .
On the contrary , such a compromise , a rationalisation and legalisation of the occupation via the creation of “ independent ” Bantustans , would facilitate the exploitation of cheap Palestinian labour .
The more hard - line approach tends to advocate the expulsion of the Palestinians , or permanently walling them off from the Israeli economy .
Thus it is difficult to see this approach as being in the interests of Israeli any more than us capital from a purely economistic view , without taking into account the ideological aspects of imperialist dominance .
Who decides when there is a difference ?
Finally , it is important to note that whenever there has been a clash between a us ruler or section of the us ruling class and a particular policy of the Israeli lobby which appears at odds with us interests , the lobby has tended to lose , casting some doubt on its effectiveness .
For example , when us President Carter decided that Israel had to withdraw from some of southern Lebanon in 1978 , he got his way by threatening a suspension of some aid .
As lobby theorists show , the lobby has its greatest impact on Congress when members are up for re-election .
However , the president has often used his powers to overrule Congress in such cases .
For all the noise about the lobby versus Bush I , the fact is that Bush faced down aipac and won .
Bush did hold up the loan guarantees to Israel .
Lobby theorists like Blankfort can only claim that such actions lost Ford , Carter and Bush I the subsequent elections .
However , he provides no evidence for such assertions .
Ford headed a caretaker post - Watergate , post - Vietnam War Republican government that would have required a miracle to win an election ; the “ Reagan revolution ” that defeated Carter came atop a groundswell of right - wing revanchism , and it is unlikely Lebanon played that big a role .
Bush ’s replacement by Clinton followed three terms of Republican rule and it really was time for a change .
us - Israeli differences do not occur only over the Middle East .
At times , Israel is less loyal to us aims in other parts of the world .
In 2000 , the us pressured Israel to scrap a multimillion dollar deal to sell reconnaissance aircraft to China , and in 2004 , the very pro-Israel Bush iiregime forced Israel to scrap a deal to upgrade China ’s Harpy drone surveillance aircraft .
In 2005 , Israel was even prepared to ignore us hostility to the Chavez government in Venezuela , despite Chavez ’s strong support to the Palestinians .
The us forced Israel to call off a lucrative deal to install its own systems in us - made F - 16 fighters for the Venezuelan air force .
23
The Iraq war
Since the neo-conservative cabal in the Bush II regime was largely responsible for the invasion of Iraq , and since some of them are Jewish and many connected to Likud , the idea that this was also an exercise of the lobby ’s power , against the better us interest , is common .
Blankfort thinks that Bush “ allowed a gaggle of right - wing pro-Israel Jewish neo-cons to write his Middle East script which gave us the war on Iraq ” .
However , the fact that some fifteen percent of the world ’s known oil reserves are in Iraq , and were under a regime that the us considers unreliable , gives credence to the more traditional idea that us imperialism launched a war to control Middle East oil reserves .
Of course , the Iraqi regime was anti-Israel and had given aid to the Palestinians .
It was well known that Israel considered Iraq a major enemy and was in favour of removing Hussein .
And there is no doubt that this was one of the reasons the us went to war .
But there is no contradiction : for the us , removing an unreliable , easily demonised ruler , who was an enemy of both its Israeli ally and of its
Gulf oil - state allies , was clearly in us interests ( the actual methods of doing so are another question ) .
More sensible lobby theorists such as Gabriel Ash at least see the lobby as only one of the forces behind the invasion .
Ash lists the lobby , the us defence industry and big oil as the three sections of the ruling class most directly involved in the war .
And he shows that all three have profited handsomely from it , with big oil the big winner , its stocks gaining 127 percent in the last three years , the 100 largest companies on the Israeli stock exchange a close runner up , and the defence industry also seeing a good 50 percent increase in total returns on investments .
24 Meanwhile , Iraq ’s entire economy has been restructured , and not surprisingly massive privatisation , extraordinary tariff cuts , a tax ceiling for the rich and similar measures abound , making even clearer the fundamentally imperialist aims of the invasion .
However , one area that did cause some conflict among the occupiers was oil .
A neo-liberal economic program of this sort would include privatisation of oil .
However , if private companies began furiously selling off Iraq ’s oil , it would lead to a collapse in world oil prices — which both the big us oil companies and Saudi Arabia would fight tooth and nail to prevent .
It is hardly an accident that the world oil price , and thus the profits of us oil majors , have gone through the roof since the invasion .
While Likud - connected neo-cons may have provided ideological ammunition for the war , when it came to a question of real interests — Iraq ’s oil , the world oil price and the Saudi monarchy — big oil won hands down .
Lebanon : Did Israel ‘ disappoint ’?
Israel ’s new brutal destruction of Lebanon in 2006 also received uncritical us blessing .
Yet far from being an exercise in “ lobby power ” , a number of factors suggest this was a us war using a willing Israeli proxy .
According to Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah :
Israel did not get a green light from the United States .
Instead , Israel was given a decision by the United States to go and finish this issue in Lebanon …
The world community gave a decision to Israel to destroy the resistance in Lebanon …
They want to destroy any spirit of resistance in Lebanon , whether inside Hezbollah or any other party …
This is what Israel is doing , and this is what the United States , which wants to re-arrange the entire region anew , needs .
Israel obviously had its own reasons for wanting to crush Hezbollah , but the timing — when it was already engaged in a massive crackdown in Gaza , and when the us was ratcheting up the propaganda against Iran in preparation for an attack — strongly indicated a us agenda .
The us wanted an Israeli attack on Hezbollah , an ally of Iran , as a testing ground and a morale boost for its own planned attack on Iran .
In addition , us leaders feared that when they attacked Iran with Israeli backing , Hezbollah might respond with rocket attacks on Israel .
Therefore they wanted an Israeli attack to wipe out Hezbollah ’s arsenal before a us attack .
According to the right - wing , pro-war Israeli debkafile , “ America is willing to fight in Lebanon to the last Israeli soldier , just as Iran is ready to fight to the last Hizballah combatant .
Israel must beware of being hustled into taking imprudent steps by the proxy contest between Washington and Tehran . ” 25 With the serious defeat that Hezbollah handed to Israel , many Israeli officials began blaming Bush for encouraging Israeli leader Olmert to undertake this ill - conceived adventure .
26
The us plan also involved an Israeli attack on Syria , which Israeli leaders considered to be “ nuts ” .27
It was logical for Israel to reject such ideas .
Israel is in the region ; it knows that however much it dislikes the Assad regime , if it is overthrown it will most likely be replaced by an Islamist regime .
For all its rhetoric , the Syrian regime has never militarily challenged Israeli occupation of the Golan Heights , and it has kept a tight lid on Palestinian fighters in Lebanon .
Lobby theorists might well argue that the only reason for the us to be opposed to such a regime is in deference to Israel , which occupies Syrian territory ; and if the us pressured Israel to return the Golan , Assad would have no further reason to pose as anti-imperialist .
However , this does not take into account the current us view , that anyone who has said “ no ” in the past — by opposing us surrogates in Lebanon , by allegedly turning a blind eye to Iraqi resistance forces passing through its territory , by allying with Iran and Hezbollah , even for pragmatic reasons — must be wiped away for complete us domination of a restructured Middle East .
Even more significant were voices from the us regime that expressed disappointment with Israel — for its failure to crush Hezbollah and to continue to prove its worth to the us .
Leading neo-con fanatic Charles Krauthammer , writing in the Washington Post , put it this way in the midst of the war :
America ’s green light for Israel to defend itself is seen as a favor to Israel .
But that is a tendentious , misleadingly partial analysis .
The green light — indeed , the encouragement — is also an act of clear self - interest .
America wants , America needs , a decisive Hezbollah defeat .
Unlike many of the other terrorist groups in the Middle East , Hezbollah is a serious enemy of the United States ...
The defeat of Hezbollah would be a huge loss for Iran , both psychologically and strategically ...
The United States has gone far out on a limb to allow Israel to win and for all this to happen .
It has counted on Israel ’s ability to do the job .
It has been disappointed .
28
Two other us right - wingers , writing in the Israeli daily Haaretz , claimed that Israel had been “ cautious ” in Lebanon , allegedly “ fearing that an overly aggressive military campaign will alienate world opinion ” .
However , they stressed , “ Israeli leaders ought to worry more about a different scenario , one in which American policymakers … lose their faith in Israel ’s ability to ‘ get the job done ’ ...
Should the idf lose its aura of invincibility in American eyes , Israel ’s perceived value as an ally could decline sharply . ”
They warned , “ the hard truth is that Israel must appear to be , and be , a winner in order to remain a valuable strategic partner for the United States .
” 29
These opinions lay out clearly the real basis of the us-Israel relationship .
Notes
1. “ United States Aid to Israel : Funding the Occupation ” , Palestine Monitor , http://www.palestinemonitor.org/factsheet/us_Aid_to_Israel.htm.
2. John Mearsheimer and Stephen Walt , “ The Israeli Lobby ” , London Review of Books , Vol. 28 , No. 6 , March 23 , 2005 , http://www.lrb.co.uk/v28/n06/mear01_.html.
3. Jeffrey Blankfort , “ Damage Control : Noam Chomsky and the Israel - Palestine Conflict ” , Dissident Voice , May 25 , 2005 , http://www.dissidentvoice.org/May05/Blankfort0525.htm.
4. Articles by Gabriel Ash include “ The Israel Lobby and Chomsky ’s Reply ” , Dissident Voice , April 20 , 2006 , http://www.dissidentvoice.org/Apr06/Ash20.htm , “ News of Neo-conservative Demise are Somewhat Premature ” , Dissident Voice , April 4 , 2006 , http://www.dissidentvoice.org/Apr06/Ash04.htm, and “ Why Oppose the Israel Lobby ?
Comments on Mearsheimer and Walt ” , Dissident Voice , April 18 , 2006 , http://www.dissidentvoice.org/Apr06/Ash18.htm.
5. Gabriel Ash , “ The Israel Lobby and Chomsky ’s Reply ” , Dissident Voice , April 20 , 2006 , http://www.dissidentvoice.org/Apr06/Ash20.htm.
6. Joseph Massad , “ Blaming the Israeli lobby ” , Znet , March 29 , 2006 , http://www.zmag.org/content/showarticle.cfm?SectionID=107&ItemID=10010.
7 . This story is central to the thesis of Blankfort , op . cit .
8. Stephen Zunes , “ The Israel Lobby : How Powerful is it Really ? ” , Foreign Policy in Focus , May 16 , 2006 , http://www.fpif.org/fpiftxt/3270.
9 . “ Should we blame the `Israel lobby ’ ? ” , Socialist Worker , http://www.socialistworker.org/2002-2/414/414_07_IsraelLobby.shtml.
10 . Israel ’s gdp per capita in 2005 was $ 25,000 ( the same as Spain and a little less than Italy ) , compared with Egypt ( $ 3900 ) , Jordan ( $ 4700 ) , Syria ( $ 3900 ) , Lebanon ( $ 6000 ) , Iraq ( $ 1800 ) , West Bank ( $ 1100 ) and Gaza ( $ 600 ) , CIA World Factbook , https://www.cia.gov/cia/publications/factbook/index.html.
11 . Josh Harkinson and Daniel Schulman , “ Boom time in Beirut ” , Mother Jones , November - December 2006 , http://www.mojones.com/news/outfront/2006/11/boom_time_in_beirut.html.
12 . Zunes , op . cit .
13 . Jason A. Vest , “ The Men From JINSA and CSP ” , Nation , September 2 , 2002 , http://www.thenation.com/doc/20020902/vest.
14 . Leslie Wayne , “ Foreign Sales by us Arms Makers Doubled in a Year ” , New York Times , November 11 , 2006 , http://www.nytimes.com/2006/11/11/business/11military.html.
15 . ibid .
16 . Blankfort discusses this clash as an example of where the Israeli lobby allegedly rolled a us president who wanted a settlement .
It is clear , however , that the settlement Ford wanted was also completely Zionist .
17 . Daniel Levy , “ Is It Good for the Jews ? ” , American Prospect , May 7 , 2006 , http://www.prospect.org/web/page.ww?section=root&name=ViewPrint&articleI... =11647 .
18 . This required the us embassy in Israel to move from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem .
It was pushed by a number of aipac and Republican leaders , and moved by Republican presidential candidate Bob Dole at the 1995 aipac annual conference .
19 . The Institute for Advanced Strategic and Political Studies , “ Study Group on a New Israeli Strategy Toward 2000 ” , A Clean Break : A New Strategy for Securing the Realm , 1996 , http://www.iasps.org/strat1.htm.
20 . Jewish neo-conservatives include Perle , Feith , Wolfowitz , Irving and William Kristoll , I. Lewis Libby , Robert Kagan , David Wurmser and Charles Krauthammer .
Non-Jewish neo-cons include us Vice - President Dick Cheney , Defense Secretary Rumsfeld , John Bolton , Stephen Cambone , Zalmay Khalilzad , R. James Woolsey and Frank Gaffney , not to mention Rupert Murdoch .
21 . The Pentagon , “ Defense Planning Guidance for the Fiscal years 1994 - 99 ” , March 7 , 1992 , in New York Times , March 8 , 1992 .
22 . Cóilín Nunan , “ Petrodollar or petroeuro ?
A new source of global conflict ” , http://www.feasta.org/documents/review2/nunan.htm.
23 . “ us presses Israel to halt Venezuelan plane upgrade ” , Haaretz , October 20 , 2005 , http://www.haaretzdaily.com/hasen/spages/636557.html.
24 . Gabriel Ash , “ News of Neo-conservative Demise ” , op . cit .
25 . “ Washington Expected an idf Grand Slam to Dispose of Hizballah ” , debkafile Special Report , July 23 , 2006 , http://www.debka.com/article.php?aid=1188.
26 . Robert Parry , ‘ Israeli Leaders Fault Bush on War‘ , August 13 , 2006 , http://www.consortiumnews.com/2006/081206.html
27 . ibid .
Also , Tom Regan , “ us neo-cons hoped Israel would attack Syria ” , Christian Science Monitor , http://www.csmonitor.com/2006/0809/dailyUpdate.html.
28 . Charles Krauthammer , “ Israel ’s Lost Moment ” , Washington Post , August 4 , 2006 , http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2006/08/03/AR200608....
29 . David B. Rivkin Jr. and Lee A. Casey , “ Israel must win ” , Haaretz , August 13 , 2006 , http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/749293.html.
[ Michael Karadjis is a long - time member of the Democratic Socialist Perspective in Australia . ]
Sooner or later , the Grim Reaper comes for us all , but sometimes his mode of operation almost defies explanation .
Take the 2004 demise of 24 - year - old Phillip Quinn of Kent , Washington , who was done in by his lava lamp .
An icon of the 1960s and 1970s that experienced a resurgence in popularity in the mid-1990s , lava lamps are generally considered benign items of the sort one might happily stare at for hours while in a marijuana - infused haze .
They consist of blobs of wax suspended in a liquid enclosed by a glass or plastic container , the blobs rising and falling when the container is heated by a bulb at the base of the unit .
The motion of the blobs is slow and rhythmic , almost hypnotic .
It is therefore hard to conceive that one of these slow , soothing light shows could kill a man .
Yet one did .
Phillip Quinn was found dead in his trailer home with shards of glass from a lava lamp embedded in his chest , including a shard that pierced his heart .
According to the medical examiner ’s reconstruction of the events that caused the young man ’s death , Quinn had been heating the lamp on the kitchen stove and likely had been standing in front of it when it exploded , then stumbled into his bedroom and died .
“ Why on earth he was heating a lava lamp on the stove , we do n’t know , ” said Kent Police spokesman Paul Petersen .
Quinn ’s death was ruled an accident .
In 2004 , a lava lamp was put to use as a weapon in an attempted murder in the Dallas area when 35 - year - old Tammy Britt Miller beat her mother , 62 - year - old Connie Britt , with such a lamp , stabbed her repeatedly , and smashed a large picture frame over her head before attempting to suffocate her with a plastic bag .
In 1972 Sen. Joseph Biden , the Democrat nominee for vice President , lost his wife and young daughter in a car accident .
Losing your family in a auto accident is a gut wrenching tragedy , to be sure .
No one underestimates that and no ever blamed Mrs. Biden for the accident .
Right up there with despicable things one human can do to another , is falsely accusing the innocent of a crime .
“ Bearing false witness ” is even in the 10 commandments , but Mr. Biden ’s feigned Catholicism does n’t let that stop him .
Last night CBS Inside Edition reports , “ In a striking moment in December 2007 , he opened his heart to University of Iowa students .
" Let me tell you a little story .
My wife and three kids were Christmas shopping for a Christmas tree , a tractor trailer , a guy who allegedly , and I never pursued it , drank his lunch instead of eating his lunch , broadsided my family , killed my wife instantly , killed my daughter instantly , and hospitalized my two sons .
"
Out on the stump recently and for years , Biden has repeated this charge .
Lately , he has tried to soften it with the thought that he does n’t know if the semi truck driver was drunk .... , “ I never pursued it ” .
He did n’t follow the case about the death of his wife and child ?
Give me a break .
The court certainly did .
The driver was never charged and was cleared of any wrong doing .
Mrs. Biden , driving a station wagon full of kids and a Christmas tree pulled into the truck ’s path .
The driver , also a victim , had not been drinking and for the years before his death his reputation suffered with the false charge that Biden put out in the public for sympathy and political gain .
He will use his dead family and an innocent fellow American for his own personal profit .
Do n’t be surprised when he uses the rest of us .
http://www.insideedition.com/news.aspx?storyID=2048
Screenshots of GUI applications ( again )
To : debian-devel@lists.debian.org
Cc : " Roberto C. Sanchez " < roberto@connexer.com >
Subject : Screenshots of GUI applications ( again )
From : Christoph Haas < haas@debian.org >
Date : Tue , 22 Jul 2008 17:05:03 +0200
Message - id : <[ 🔎 ]
200807221705.03875.haas@debian.org >
Dear list ... the matter has been discussed at least twice already .
Roberto C. Sanchez brought the matter back up in January 2008 .
The response was very positive but nobody wanted to implement that .
Several Debian end users in my circle would surely be happy about having screenshots available for GUI applications to get a quick impression of how different GUI programs look / feel like without tediously installing , trying and deinstalling them .
The " Description : " does n't really give a good mental picture and different maintainers choose different wordings there which makes applications hard to compare by just reading the text .
So I 'd like to get things moving .
I assume we had to do this : - Propose a new optional debian / control field " X - Screenshot : " pointing to an URL serving an image file ( PNG , JPG ) [ debian - devel - announce as soon as we are ready ? ]
- Create a new tree on hg.debian.org to host screenshots .
- Alternatively provide a web service that hosts screenshots so that packages can point to it ( e.g. http://screenshots.debian.net/PACKAGE).
The service should also scale down the pictures to a reasonable size suitable for thumbnail display ( max 150x150 ) .
( I can program that if needed .
The only problem is probably authenticating the maintainer .
Maybe a simple email interface checking PGP signatures will do .
Needs further brainstorming . )
-
Change packages .debian.org to show the thumbnail from the package 's control file .
I will work on a patch if desired .
-
Add this feature to package managers ( synaptic , kpackage , ... ) .
I do n't know enough about GUI programming yet that I could possibly help here .
Actually that does n't sound too hard .
And it would be a neat little service .
Let me know what you think and please step forward if you are already working on something like that .
This time we will really do it . :)
Kindly Christoph -- ~ ~ " .signature " [ Modified ] 1 line --100 %-- 1,48 All
View from atop the mast of the private yacht Freydis as it passes by a sunken three - seat Japanese float plane from WW2 , said to have been sunk by American aircraft while anchored in the Shortland group of the Solomon Islands .
This picture was taken on a six - week trip by private sailboat through the seldom - visited islands north of New Guinea , in an area of the South Pacific known as the Solomon Sea .
Most of the islets here have no airport or regularly scheduled boat services , and their way of life is traditional by economic necessity .
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters Life ! ) - From Sarah Palin ’s trademark Kazuo Kawasaki glasses , to gun-toting action figures and a large pumpkin carved with her face , the newcomer in the U.S. election campaign has sparked a rush of online novelties .
Republican vice presidential nominee Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin autographs a sign for a supporter after a campaign rally in Cedar Rapids , Iowa , September 18 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Stephen Mally
Other shoppers are rushing to copy the style of the Republican party ’s vice - presidential candidate ahead of the November 4 vote .
Figures show online sales of items related to Palin , the governor of Alaska and self - described “ hockey mom ” , have shot up over fivefold , overtaking sales of the election ’s three male contenders , and prompting a far wider range of merchandise .
Demand may be muted for a $ 125 pumpkin hand - carved with Palin ’s face , but Palin wigs for $ 75 could be more appealing while a hockey puck featuring her photo , the U.S. flag and reading “ Hockey Moms for Sarah Palin ” is proving popular at $ 15 .
A piece of uneaten toast titled “ Sarah Palin on my toast !
A sign ?
You be the judge , ” was up for sale on the online auction site eBay , with 24 bids and one unbelievable offer of $ 7,100 .
Karen Bard , an eBay spokeswoman , said the number of Palin related items has surged since Republican John McCain on August 29 named Palin , 44 , as his running mate .
“ The day after McCain popped the big question to Palin , 105 Palin items were listed on eBay .
With the momentum from the Republican National Convention , Palin items took off peaking at 554 listing in one day , ” Bard said .
She said over the past 30 days on eBay , over 4,000 Palin items have sold for an average of $ 5.61 , with the highest item , an autographed photo of mother - of - five Palin , getting $ 499.99 .
A quick check found 1,500 items related to Palin for sale on eBay , outnumbering 298 for Democratic vice - presidential candidate Joe Biden , while Democrat Barack Obama had 4,500 items to his name and McCain 1,750 .
FROM WEIRD TO WIGS
Obama and McCain can boast a vast array of books , posters , T - shirts and badges but Bard said Palin supporters were exercising their creative rights and freedom of speech by listing thousands of different items , mainly to show support .
These included Sarah Palin Barbie dolls and action figures , Palin beer Steins , T - shirts galore , and Palin thong underwear .
CafePress , an online store for independent retailers and political merchandise , was running a graph showing sales for Palin goods had overtaken items related to the others .
In the week ending Sept 13 , her first week on the CafePress chart , Palin items accounted for 32 percent of weekly sales , topping McCain at 29 percent , Obama at 28 percent and Biden at 5 percent .
But it is not just the bizarre that is in demand .
Followers of fashion want the former beauty queen ’s looks .
Italee Optics , the U.S. distributor of Palin ’s rimless frames by Japanese designer Kazuo Kawasaki , has reportedly run out of supplies after orders soared and has increased imports .
Shoe company Naughty Monkey has seen a similar rush for the open - toed red shoes that Palin wore on the day she was introduced as McCain ’s running mate -- and wig sellers are out in force .
“ Hair stylists across the country are being barraged by clientele for the ‘ Palin Up - do ’ ( with ) women putting politics aside to admire an elegant hairstyle , ” said a spokeswoman for Paula Young , a Massachusetts retailer of hairpieces and wigs .
Pain In the Neck Got You Down ?
Lower Back Aching ?
Bend Over Backwards and Get Some Relief !
Whether you stay at home as the parent , or work outside for your job , life can be stressful on a body .
An important part of parenting is taking care of yourself , so that you ’re able to take care of your family .
Learn to bend over backwards helping yourself .
Most of our daily motions are centered around the front of our body , and we can end up really out of balance if we do n’t take the time to bend our bodies backwards and release tension .
Chasing a toddler or carrying an infant all day will take a toll on your body .
You ’re constantly in motion : bending down , picking up , cleaning up , lifting .
Wearing your baby in a sling on the same side all the time will cause an imbalance , as will holding the child over the same shoulder or hip every time .
Your hips and sacrum will benefit from opening up backwards , and your shoulders and upper back can release and relax .
If you work at a computer , talk on the phone a lot , or do a lot of sitting , you might relate to this :
By the end of the day , my shoulders feel like they ’re trying to reach my ears , my lower back is tight , and my neck is stiff .
On days that I sit a lot , I can really feel tension and stiffness in my spine .
Typing on a keyboard while sitting with bad posture is one cause of carpal tunnel syndrome and elbow maladies .
Our shoulders rotate forward and down when we slump , causing our forearm and wrist to do some extra work .
Tennis or golfer ’s elbow are signs of a functional imbalance which can be helped with back - bends .
Open up and relax with my favorite stress relievers :
The Camel pose , or Ustrasana , is seen in the photo .
You do n’t need much room or a prop to do this , so it ’s perfect for a quick break anywhere that you are .
Try to imagine a string pulling your sternum , or breastbone , straight up , letting your head hang back , and pushing your hips outward .
Breathe .
You do n’t need much room or a prop to do this , so it ’s perfect for a quick break anywhere that you are .
Try to imagine a string pulling your sternum , or breastbone , straight up , letting your head hang back , and pushing your hips outward .
Breathe .
Practice Urdhva Dhanurasana , or the wheel pose .
As a wrestler , we called them bridges .
Try to hold the pose as long as you can , and repeat several times .
This will help to balance the muscles on the front side of the body by strengthening your back and stabilizing muscles .
A bridge can also be done spontaneously , without props , but you might draw a crowd …
As a wrestler , we called them bridges .
Try to hold the pose as long as you can , and repeat several times .
This will help to balance the muscles on the front side of the body by strengthening your back and stabilizing muscles .
A bridge can also be done spontaneously , without props , but you might draw a crowd …
Buy a fitness ball .
Also known as yoga or Pilates balls , they ’re a cheap and available just about anywhere .
Back - bends over the ball will make your joints and muscles squeal with delight ( I ’m addicted to mine ) .
Sit on it instead of a chair while typing or writing to help you sit upright .
Also known as yoga or Pilates balls , they ’re a cheap and available just about anywhere .
Back - bends over the ball will make your joints and muscles squeal with delight ( I ’m addicted to mine ) .
Sit on it instead of a chair while typing or writing to help you sit upright .
Squeeze your butt muscles .
Seriously !
While standing , tighten your butt muscles and hold .
Repeat 10 to 20 times .
This helps to release your hips and pelvis , which can get locked up by sitting for long periods .
It ’s a good one when you ’re on your feet alot .
For a challenge , try to talk and squeeze at the same time .
Try it while sitting .
It has a different action , but still helps .
Seriously !
While standing , tighten your butt muscles and hold .
Repeat 10 to 20 times .
This helps to release your hips and pelvis , which can get locked up by sitting for long periods .
It ’s a good one when you ’re on your feet alot .
For a challenge , try to talk and squeeze at the same time .
Try it while sitting .
It has a different action , but still helps .
Reach for the sky !
Stand up and reach as high as you can , extending your fingers and looking straight up .
Once you ’ve got that , tighten your butt muscles and stand on tiptoes .
Rotate one arm down and behind you while extending the opposite leg backwards ( point your toe ) .
Switch sides and repeat .
Mix a few of these in with your daily routine to beat stress and imbalance .
Find a sweet spot in your house or office and make a habit .
Bending forward is routine .
Bending over backwards takes some practice .
Related posts :
Image : judepics at Flickr under a Creative Commons License
...PHD wants to come to YOUR campus !
To find out how you can help add your school to the PHD tour , CLICK HERE !
At a time when scores of companies are freezing pensions for their workers , some are quietly converting their pension plans into resources to finance their executives ' retirement benefits and pay .
In recent years , companies from Intel Corp. to CenturyTel Inc. collectively have moved hundreds of millions of dollars of obligations for executive benefits into rank - and - file pension plans .
This lets companies capture tax breaks intended for pensions of regular workers and use them to pay for executives ' supplemental benefits and compensation .
The practice has drawn scant notice .
A close examination by The Wall Street Journal shows how it works and reveals that the maneuver , besides being a dubious use of tax law , risks harming regular workers .
It can drain assets from pension plans and make them more likely to fail .
Now , with the current bear market in stocks weakening many pension plans , this practice could put more in jeopardy .
How many is impossible to tell .
Neither the Internal Revenue Service nor other agencies track this maneuver .
Employers generally reveal little about it .
Some benefits consultants have warned them not to , in order to forestall a backlash by regulators and lower - level workers .
The background : Federal law encourages employers to offer pensions by giving companies a tax deduction when they contribute cash to a pension plan , and by letting the money in the plan grow tax free .
Executives , like anyone else , can participate in these plans .
HOW TO ORDER WINE WITHOUT LOOKING LIKE AN ASSHOLE
I ’m not a wine guy .
I like whisky and beer .
But I appreciate the artistry that goes into making wine and I respect people who have a good grasp of Oenology .
However , since most people are dopes when it comes to ordering wine , I ’ve assembled a list of tips to help you not look like a putz .
It ’s not an exhaustive list .
( It ’s not a knowledgeable list for that matter either .
I ’m sure the wine snobs are going to rip it apart . )
It ’s just a list of observations I ’ve made over the years .
HOW TO ORDER WINE WITHOUT LOOKING LIKE AN ASSHOLE
1 . Look at the wine list before asking , “ What kind of wines do you serve by the glass ? ”
The list at my bistro ’s extensive .
If I ’ve got to rattle off all the wines , you ’re wasting my time .
Forgot your reading glasses ?
I ’ll lend you mine .
2 . Do n’t ask , “ What ’s cheap ? ”
3 . We love selling glasses of wine !
The restaurant makes more money per bottle that way !
Pssst !
It ’s usually cheaper to buy the bottle .
4 . No , you ca n’t taste every wine on the list before deciding on something .
5 . Read the wine list .
Note the prices !
6 . Remember the mark up – Most establishments mark up the price of a bottle from 1 ½ to 5 times the wholesale price .
( At my bistro the markup ’s pretty low . )
Since you ’re paying so much I recommend getting something you ca n’t get at the gas station or Stew Leonard ’s .
But that ’s just me .
7 . If you ca n’t pronounce the name of the wine , do n’t .
Just tell me the number .
It ’s like ordering in a Chinese restaurant .
And do n’t get all self conscious that “ Brunello Montalcino di Biondi Santi ” rolls off my tongue with the greatest of ease .
I ’ve had plenty of practice .
You have n’t .
8 . When the waiter presents the bottle LOOK AT THE LABEL !
Sometimes waiters make mistakes .
My bistro has several wines of differing vintages from the same maker .
Sometimes a ’ 97 is a shitload more expensive than an ‘ 01 !
You drink it you buy it .
Caveat emptor pal .
9. DO NOT SMELL THE CORK ! –
When I see someone do this I know I ’m dealing with a complete amateur .
Guess what you ’re gonna smell ?
Cork !
You want to feel the cork to make sure it ’s intact .
Is the bottom of the cork moistened with wine ?
Good .
That means it was stored properly .
Make sure the name on the cork matches the name on the bottle .
Sometimes unscrupulous bastards put cheap wine in old wine bottles and re-cork them !
Is there mold on the cork ?
That ’s a bad sign .
But smelling the cork , in the vast majority of cases , tells you nothing .
( Full disclosure – I used to smell the cork before I was a waiter . )
10 . DON ’T SMELL THE PLASTIC CORK EITHER !-
I ca n’t tell you how many times I ’ve seen people do this .
Lots of wine makers are moving away from natural cork to synthetics .
Sniffing a plastic cork tells the world you ’re a moron .
Do n’t smell the bottle cap either .
( I never smelled the plastic cork before I was a waiter , so there ! )
11 . Swirl the wine – Now I pour some wine into a glass for you to taste .
Most customers swirl the wine around in the glass to oxygenate or “ open it up . ”
That ’s fine .
But SWIRL the wine !
Do n’t spin it like you ’re trying to separate U - 235 in a centrifuge machine !
You ’ve all seen these “ connoisseurs . ”
They put the base of the glass on the table top and get a really good rotation going .
Then they stop , smell , spin it again , stop , smell , spin , stop , smell , spin etc .
After a few minutes they finally taste it and I have several new grey hairs .
Maybe I can see that for 1975 Bordeaux .
But for a $ 25 bottle you can pick up in the grocery store for $ 6 ?
Please .
You ’re showing off .
12 . Taste the wine – Now you take a sip .
If the wine tastes like vinegar or smells like moldy cheese it ’s bad .
13 . Sending the wine back –
If the wine ’s bad send it back !
It ’s no skin off our nose .
Usually we get a credit from the distributor .
In most cases , however , people refuse a perfectly good bottle of wine just because they do n’t like it .
Whose problem is that ?
Mine ?
I do n’t think so .
14 .
After you ’ve tasted the wine and decided its acceptable say , “ That ’s fine , ” or “ Thank you . ”
That means you ’ve accepted the bottle and will pay for it .
Do n’t wave , grunt , or nod .
Tell me verbally you ’re accepting the wine .
This is a business transaction .
Show some manners .
15 . The Big Glasses – At my bistro we have very serviceable red and white wine glasses .
However , some yuppies have a wine glass fetish and insist on sipping $ 6 Chianti out of a $ 50 Riedel balloon glass .
Stop whining .
The big glasses are for people who order older expensive wines that need to breathe .
People who drink cheap wine out of the “ big glasses ” usually want the neighboring tables to think they ’re drinking something pricey when they are n’t .
Hey , Greeks and Italian ’s drink wine out of water glasses .
Get over it .
16 . Finishing the bottle – Most people finish a bottle of wine because they enjoy it .
But some people finish it because they think they ca n’t take it home .
In the State of New York you take an open bottle home as long as the restaurant places it in a special sealed bag with a receipt .
That way , if the cops pull you over , they know you ’ve been drinking but not in the car !
Good luck !
17 . Know your limits – Wine is still booze !
It can fuck you up just like tequila and usually faster .
Pace yourself .
18 . Cheap wine does n’t mean its bad and expensive wine does n’t mean it ’s good .
But expensive wine is usually expensive because it ’s good and in demand .
Simple economics folks .
19 .
If there ’s cork in the wine that does n’t mean the wine ’s bad .
20 .
If there ’s sediment at the bottom of the glass that does n’t mean the wine ’s bad .
21 . Control your intake – My advice is to pour your own wine .
That way you can control your intake and spending .
Some waiters try and pour out the bottle before you ’re done buttering your dinner rolls .
They ’re trying to make you buy another bottle !
I hate that shit and do n’t do it to my customers .
When I go out , unless I know the waiter ’s not a con artist , I pour my own wine .
22 . Often the customer knows more about wine than the waiter does .
( But sommeliers usually know more about wine than anybody . )
Do n’t try and embarrass the waiter by asking him whether the soil in a particular vineyard ’s chalky or clay .
We do n’t know .
But if you ’re showing off in order to make me look bad – I have ways of exacting vengeance .
23 . Tipping on wine .
That ’s always a tricky question .
Here ’s an example .
I had a guy order a $ 500 bottle of Barolo and $ 100 in food .
He left me $ 50 bucks .
That ’s fair .
But I once had a guy order the same thing and leave me $ 200 .
Guess who I like better ?
24 .
If you bring your own wine into a restaurant that has a liquor license you ’re gonna pay a corking charge .
Deal with it .
We already let people carry in Starbucks coffee and breast feed their babies at the table .
Next thing you know they ’ll want to bring their own food .
25 . Merlot is a perfectly good wine .
Do n’t believe all that “ Sideways ” crap .
God I hate that movie !
26 . Its wine , not the Blood of Christ .
Do n’t worship it .
Enjoy it .
If you have anything to add to this list please feel free to email me or leave a comment .
Maybe I ’ll add it to the list .
Now I ’m gonna get myself a beer .
Ruminations on web development , standards , testing , life , and trying to do the right thing in a world where the right thing is rarely enough .
This one did n’t surprise me .
The Associated Press is now reporting that Sarah Palin will no longer be cooperating with the Troopergate investigation .
Actually , I ’m not sure if she ever was cooperating with the Troopergate investigation .
So far her cooperation has involved :
Saying she was going to cooperate .
Reiterating that she was going to cooperate .
and …. that ’s about it .
ANCHORAGE , Alaska – A campaign spokesman says Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin wo n’t speak with an investigator hired by lawmakers to look into the firing of her public safety commissioner .
McCain campaign spokesman Ed O’Callaghan told a news conference Monday that the governor , the Republican nominee for vice president , will not cooperate as long as the investigation “ remains tainted . ”
He said he does n’t know whether Palin ’s husband would challenge a subpoena issued to compel his cooperation .
The campaign insists the investigation has been hijacked by Democrats .
And I have yet to have anyone explain to me how a Republican dominated Legislature could have voted unanimouslyto proceed with the investigation by special investigator Stephen Branchflower , and have been “ hijacked by Democrats . ”
That story may cut it with her new - found friends in the Lower 48 , but it ’s not cutting it here in Alaska .
I think that this move lost her a lot of respect with Alaska lawmakers on both sides of the aisle , and with a lot of Alaskan voters .
There are plenty in Alaska who are caught up in Sarah - mania , and will defend her no matter what she does , but not everyone .
The only reason Palin was not issued a subpoena , is because the Legislature actually believed her when she said she would cooperate .
They actually took her at her word .
( Patting Legislature on head )
Oh , you trusting souls .
Alaskans know corruption .
They know what it feels like to be kicked in the teeth by their elected representatives .
They recognize the signs of guilt , and the twisting and squirming , like a bug on a pin , that our corrupt politicians display when the heat gets turned up .
This is not new .
We ’ve danced this dance more times than we care to admit in the last two years .
But this one was supposed to be different .
THIS one was supposed to be “ clear and transparent . ”
THIS one stood up there in her lipstick and her red blazer , and her mantle of change and said , “ Hold me accountable . ”
We know what ’s tainted this investigation , and ‘ taint the Democrats .
OK , Legislature .
The ball is in your court .
Dust yourselves off , because it ’s your play .
Click to viewEven if you 're a hyper - organized , task - oriented worker with an expansive mind and endless ambition , you wo n't get a lot done if your mind and body are demanding you curl up and doze off .
Luckily , you can overcome a late night of net surfing , a rough morning , or just the post - lunch stupor without becoming an over - wired mess .
We 've put together 10 of the best ways to jumpstart your brain and get back into a productive groove , and all of them are tricks you can put to work this Monday .
Photo by neps .
Advertisement
10 .
Make your own energy products .
Advertisement
If you 're going to resort to a brick of grains and protein to give you short - term " power " or " energy , " you may as well have it be cheap — and tastier than those foil - wrapped roofing tiles .
Same goes for re-hydrating drinks , which can be easily mixed at home .
Foodie extraordinaire Alton Brown has recipes for three different home - baked bars , as does About.com 's Sports Medicine section .
Of course , there 's always the free stuff flowing from the tap for true replenishment .
9. Listen to brain - stretching music .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Among other tips offered up by software programmer Brad Isaac for beating " brain drain , " the exhaustion that comes from sustained concentration , is working a little Mozart or Bach into your playlist .
There 's no overly hook -y melody to pull your mind away , and the harmony of so many instruments together relaxes your mind .
Strings and brass not your thing ?
Try the non-intrusive , up - tempo ambient of Groove Salad .
8. Deal with job burnout .
Advertisement
Even if you 're generally happy with your job , the people you work with , and the work you 're doing , small annoyances and responsibilities can build up over time , until a dark , angry cloud hangs over you seven and a half hours per day .
Seriously — feeling overwhelmed by your tasks was the second most frequent response in our poll on energy zappers .
The Simple Dollar blog recommends scheduling an immediate vacation to take care of piling - up home stuff and set your mind free .
Web Worker Daily suggests finding a new project .
However you handle burnout , keeping an even head about your job gives you a lot more energy to spend on stuff that 's a lot more fun .
7. Schedule around your energy peaks .
Advertisement
Writer and speaker Michelle Dunn describes herself as " very organized , " but there are times of the day she just can't be productive .
So when she 's about to hit a lull — like right after lunch — she schedules errands and tackles non-thinking tasks , and otherwise schedules around her energy .
Of course , not everybody can just run off to Target whenever they 're feeling blah , so 43 Folders honcho Merlin Mann explains subtle ways to work inside your schedule .
6 . Get outside — even if it 's cloudy .
Advertisement
Even if you live in one of those areas with perma - gray skies for two - thirds of the year , getting outside every day can give you a vitamin D boost and the resulting mood and energy improvements .
The National Institutes of Health recommends getting 10 to 15 minutes of sun each day , and a layer of sunscreen if you 're getting more .
Even better , you get away from the screens , voicemails , and low - level humming of the office .
5 . Crank out some morning exercises .
Advertisement
You know those mornings where you have to get right up and do something with a deadline ?
The groans about coffee and sleep fall away , and you usually get it done .
Give yourself a now - now - now pushup cycle right after your breakfast , and you might just shake off your sluggish self - doubt and get moving .
If you 're looking to get more out of your morning time , personal trainer Dan Boyle offers a two and a half minute core routine that 'll definitely leave you aware that you 're awake .
Photo by whyld .
4 . Eat the right nutrition mix .
Advertisement
Sugar and bread give you a quick jolt of energy , but ultimately result in an insulin - powered crash later in the day .
Too much meat does n't give you enough of the quick - firing stuff .
Balancing out your lunch , instead of just eating leftover pasta , can have a big impact on your day , according to the Harvard School of Public Health Nutrition Source .
As Lifehacker guest editor ( and current io9 editor ) Annalee Newitz puts it :
Remember , carbs come in fruits and veggies as well as grains .
And you can get protein from meat , dairy , fish , eggs and beans ( like soy or pinto ) .
The perfect lunch might be veggies with fish ( mmm , nicoise salad , anyone ? ) , and the best snack an apple with a little cheese .
Advertisement
It 's also not a bad idea to keep the heavy meals for morning to ensure better sleeping patterns .
3 . Put your senses to work .
Advertisement
If you 're stuck at work after a rough night , chances are you 'll be staring at a hypnotizing screen or look - alike paperwork and finding it hard to stay awake .
WikiHow suggests a multi-sensory assault on your tired self .
Try scenting yourself awake with some essential oils of ( or just strong scent of ) peppermint or rosemary , or target the alertness - sparking stress points like your earlobes and the skin between your thumb and forefinger .
Keep yourself a little chilly , and try to move around a bit — it 's your best shot at not having the boss notice you have n't said a word since 9AM .
Photo by cote .
2. Switch from venti to smaller caffeine doses .
Advertisement
Slamming half a carafe of coffee to get alert and productive is kind of like pounding a six - pack to get social and funny — you 're going to miss your mark , in often painful ways .
Research suggests that small , frequent doses of caffeine — like tea breaks , caffeinated mints , and even chocolate — do a better job of keeping your brain from feeling fatigued than jitter - inducing java .
Of course , if you 've got the willpower and patience , you could also just drink half - cups of coffee more frequently .
Photo by ToOb .
1. Master the power nap .
Advertisement
Taking a nap is n't calling it quits on getting energized — it 's just running a quick defrag on your neural drive and rebooting .
We 've covered the ins and outs of napping pretty thoroughly here , but if you need a quick take - away , try the Boston Globe 's comprehensive cheat sheet .
If shut - eye alone can't bring you back , try a coffee - charged caffeine nap .
How do you keep your energy levels high and even throughout the day ?
What do you do when you need a recharge ?
Tell us your own tips and tricks in the comments .
Over the years , I have found that many people are n't aware that soap should not be used to clean the vaginal opening , the tip of the penis ( urethral opening ) , or the anal sphincter .
Regularly applying soap to these areas can cause the mucosal lining in these areas to become dry and unhealthy .
A chronically dry mucosal lining can lead to a number of uncomfortable health conditions , such as anal fissures , lichen sclerosus , chronic inflammation , and a tendency to experience infections .
If you use soap to clean your body , you should limit its contact to your skin .
Your skin is lined with sebaceous glands that secrete an oily substance called sebum , which serves to keep your skin waterproof and resistant to infection by undesirable microorganisms .
Typically , the presence of sebum prevents soap from drying out skin to a point where significant health challenges can arise .
Still , unless you work with grease and oil , it 's best to use soap sparingly - just enough to remove objectionable odors and to feel clean and refreshed .
The mucosal linings of the vaginal opening , the penile opening , and the anal sphincter do n't secrete sebum to offer protection against the drying effects of soap .
Actually , the labia minora does contain some sebaceous glands , but in most women , there are n't nearly enough sebaceous glands in this region to keep the vaginal opening healthy if regularly washed with soap .
So how do you wash the vaginal opening , the penile opening , and the anal sphincter ?
Ideally , with warm or hot water .
And when more intense cleaning is desired , you can use warm or hot salt water .
I 've worked with enough people who have experienced health challenges from using soap in the private areas to know that this advice is worth heeding .
Please share this information with family and friends , as my experiences have led me to believe that most people are n't aware of this issue .
Addendum on November 9 , 2008 :
This health tip is especially important for parents whose children are still young enough to require help with bathing .
I 've encountered a number of cases where regular use of soap on the mucosal linings in a child 's private areas has created chronic irritation , almost always with the parent ( s ) and child involved being unaware of this connection .
In my opinion , avoiding soap when cleaning a child 's private areas is essential guidance that all new parents should receive , as infants and some toddlers can't clearly signal discomfort in these areas , and in many such cases , I suspect that the source of the child 's discomfort is never identified .
Addendum on October 6 , 2009 :
From Our Mailbag :
Good morning Dr. Kim ,
One quick question with respect to Dr. Ohhira 's Probiotic Soap -
In the back of my mind when I was reading ( about it ) was your mention in an article some time back about avoiding the use of soaps on private parts , so my question is :
Can this soap be used over the ENTIRE body ( from head to toe ) without exception ?
I would appreciate clarification on this .
Susan S .
Canada
---
Dear Susan ,
Though Dr. Ohhira 's probiotic soap is more mild than the vast majority of commercial bar soaps on the market , I still do n't recommend using it regularly on the anal sphincter area or so that it comes into regular contact with the inner walls of the vagina or the urethra in males and females .
( The urethra is the tube through which urine exits the body . )
These areas have specialized mucosal linings that should n't be dried out with any type of soap - warm or hot water is all that should be used in these areas .
The rest of one 's private areas can be washed with soap without ill effects .
It 's the mucosal lining that is inside of the areas mentioned above that should be protected .
If the anal sphincter is washed with a mild soap , then one can apply some natural moisturizer to this area right after washing - coconut oil or something similar works well for this purpose .
In fact , for clients who are suffering with an anal fissure , I regularly recommend application of coconut oil to the anal sphincter three or more times a day .
I hope this helps .
Ben Kim
McClellan to Obama :
Do n't investigate us
Scott McClellan advises Obama , in an interview with my colleague Daniel Libit , not to investigate the Bush administration — because it would , McClellan says , damage Obama 's image .
( Not that former Bushies have anything at stake in that choice . )
That 's a sleeper of an issue that , if Obama 's elected , could blow up into a major one in unexpected ways , as some foreign governments suggest they 'd arrest top Bush administration officials on torture charges .
[ W ] hen asked what advice he would give to a President Barack Obama or Democratic Congress on the matter of handling former Bush officials , McClellan speaks now of the perils of probing the past .
“ If Obama were to win , ” he said last week , “ that would be an issue his administration would have to face early ... because he ’s pledging to be a uniter , not a divider — without saying those exact words we campaigned on in 2000 .
He ’s pledging to change the way Washington works , and if Congress were to pursue that , it would be very divisive . ”
He continued : “ That could be very problematic for his presidency right off the start . ”
Kangaroos could be good for the environment
Switching from beef to kangaroo burgers could significantly help to reduce greenhouse gas emissions , says an Australian scientist .
The methane gas produced by sheep and cows through belching and flatulence is more potent than carbon dioxide in the damage it can cause to the environment .
But kangaroos produce virtually no methane because their digestive systems are different .
Dr George Wilson , of the Australian Wildlife Services , urges farming them .
He says they have a different set of micro-organisms in their guts to cows and sheep .
Sheep and cattle account for 11 % of Australia 's carbon footprint and over the years , there have been various proposals to deal with the problem .
Now Dr Wilson believes kangaroos might hold the answer .
He said : " It tastes excellent , not unlike venison - only a different flavour . "
The country already produces 30 million kangaroos farmed by landholders in the outback .
But Dr Wilson is keen to see that population dramatically increased to produce the same amount of kangaroo meat as that currently produced by conventional livestock .
Methane is about 25 times more potent as a greenhouse gas than carbon dioxide molecule for molecule .
But the much greater volume of CO2 generated by human activities such as industry and transport means that it is the largest contributor to modern - day global warming .
After fixing a few specific bugs , Haiku now runs on the Asus EeePC – the 701 model , that is .
“ It is with great pleasure that I ’m able to announce that Haiku ( rev26666 ) runs on the Asus EeePC !
I own a 701 model , and have sporadically been testing out Haiku revisions on the machine .
For months I ’ve been unable to boot Haiku , but somewhere along the line , the bug I filed got squashed , and Haiku will boot off the machine ’s internal 4 gb fixed disk ! ”
Wireless , LAN , and the APM do not work , but sound does thanks to the OSS driver .
Installation is a tad bit complicated ( it involves booting Haiku in a VM in Windows XP and copying the contents of a nightly build over to a real hardware BFS partition , and adding Haiku to the ntldr ) , but at least it works .
Have you ever tasted Hollandaise Sauce , and I ’m not talkin’ the stuff in the paper packet ?
It ’s dreamy .
It ’s a triumph .
And it ’s made with a lot of butter .
In a small saucepan , melt 2 sticks of butter until sizzling .
Separate the eggs and place the yolks in a blender .
Turn the blender on low to allow the yolks to combine , and then begin pouring the very hot butter in a thin stream into the blender .
The blender should remain on the whole time , and you should be careful to pour in the butter very slowly .
Keep pouring butter until it ’s all gone , then immediately begin squeezing lemon juice into the blender .
You should use the juice of one lemon .
And check the blender to make sure the sauce is still liquidy and moving easily through the blades .
If it ’s not , add a little more juice and give it a stir , then blend again .
Add in a generous shake of cayenne pepper .
If the sauce is too thick , continue to blend while adding more lemon juice .
Now pile on to some Eggs Benedict !
This ingredient shopping module is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content on their web site .
Here ’s another brief “ How - To , ” excerpted from my Eggs Benedict recipe from last summer .
The How - To ’s are rapidly building strength and will soon take over Congress .
Have you ever tasted Hollandaise Sauce , and I ’m not talkin’ the stuff in the paper packet ?
It ’s dreamy .
It ’s a triumph .
And it ’s made with a lot of butter .
Hollandaise sauce begins with a lemon juice and butter base , and is emulsified with the addition of egg yolks .
Hollandaise is the chief ingredient in Eggs Benedict , but is also perfect on asparagus and other vegetables , as well as fish and even a rare piece of tenderloin — I kid you not .
While making it by way of a whisk can be a little on the challenging side , this is a nifty Blender Hollandaise that ’ll make your spirit soar .
And your tummy jiggle .
And your hips spread .
And your hiney droop to the floor .
Now it ’s time to make the Hollandaise .
In a small saucepan , melt 2 sticks of butter until sizzling .
But do n’t let it burn !
Separate three eggs …
And place the yolks into a blender .
Now , pay attention , darlings !
Turn the blender on low to allow the yolks to combine , then begin pouring the very hot butter in a thin stream into the blender .
The blender should remain on the whole time , and your should be careful to pour in the butter very slowly .
Keep pouring butter until it ’s all gone , then immediately begin squeezing lemon juice into the blender .
You should use the juice of one lemon .
And check the blender to make sure the sauce is still liquidy and moving easily through the blades .
If it ’s not , add a little more juice and give it a stir , then blend again .
I like to add a generous shake of cayenne pepper .
It takes a lot before the sauce gets too spicy , so do n’t be too shy with this stuff .
You ’ll notice the sauce is quite thick .
But when I turned the blender back on to mix in the cayenne , it moved along just fine .
Remember , if it ’s too thick to blend , just squeeze a little more juice in there and give it a stir .
But please remember to remove the spoon before you turn the blender back on .
Please ?
Thank you .
That ’s it — Hollandaise !
Make some this week .
It ’s a wonderful journey through decadence .
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) -- Democratic congressional leaders announced their agreement Sunday on details of a massive financial rescue plan proposed by the Bush administration , releasing a draft text trumpeting taxpayer guarantees and caps on executive compensation .
The draft bill , titled the " Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 , " follows days of legislative wrangling over a $ 700 billion plan proposed by Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson as U.S. financial markets teetered on the edge of a collapse triggered by the U.S. mortgage crisis .
The bill will be introduced in the House of Representatives Monday morning and then head to the Senate , said Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nev .
" This is n't about a bailout of Wall Street , it 's a buy - in so we can turn our economy around , " House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - Calif . , said at a press conference announcing the agreement .
The draft legislation would authorize $ 250 billion immediately , with another $ 100 billion upon presidential certification .
A further $ 350 billion would also be available subject to congressional approval .
" I appreciate the leadership shown by members on both sides of the aisle , who came together to write a very good bill , " President Bush said in a statement .
" This bill provides the necessary tools and funding to help protect our economy against a systemwide breakdown . "
Under the proposed bill , the Treasury Department can use a combination of tactics to buy bad loans , focusing on mortgages and mortgage - backed securities but also including other types of loans under certain conditions .
Treasury could purchase the bad debt through an auction process as well as by buying loans directly , a Treasury official said in a conference call with reporters .
The proposed legislation also allows companies to participate in an insurance program , whereby Treasury would guarantee troubled assets , charging companies a premium " sufficient to cover anticipated claims , " according to the bill .
" This bill provides the necessary tools to deploy up to $ 700 billion to address the urgent needs in our financial system , whether that be by purchasing troubled assets broadly , insuring troubled assets , or averting the potential systemic risk from the disorderly failure of a large financial institution , " Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said in a press release .
" I am confident this legislation gives us the flexibility to unclog our financial markets [ and ] increase the ability of our financial institutions to deliver the credit that will help create jobs .
We are taking the steps needed to be ready to begin implementing this legislation as soon as it is signed , " he said .
The government would get a stake in companies receiving bailout funds so that taxpayer money could be recovered if those companies grow in the future , according to the bill .
The proposed legislation also requires that in five years , the president submit a proposal to Congress " that recoups from the financial industry any projected losses to the taxpayer . "
Read proposed legislation
Existing executive - pay contracts will stay in place
In some cases , the bill requires companies limit executive pay , but those limits vary depending on the method by which Treasury purchases a firm 's troubled assets , and how much Treasury antes up .
" When Treasury buys assets at auction , an institution that has sold more than $ 300 million in assets is subject to additional taxes , including a 20 % excise tax on golden parachute payments triggered by events other than retirement , and tax deduction limits for compensation limits above $ 500,000 , " according to a synopsis of the text of the bill .
While the proposed bill prevents companies from signing new golden - parachute deals with top executives after Treasury gets involved , it does not change the terms of already - existing contracts , apparently in an effort to encourage companies to participate in the bailout program .
" Those are contractual obligations between a company and their employees , " the Treasury official said .
" We want to encourage all institutions , even healthy institutions , to participate , " he said , adding that " we 're not abrogating contracts . "
In situations where Treasury steps in to directly purchase a company 's bad loans , the government will move " aggressively " to ensure executive compensation is n't excessive , the official said .
" In one - off negotiations , then we would be imposing executive compensation standards that the secretary will define .
That 's nothing new .
We 've expressed a strong view [ in the past ] when it comes to executive compensation . "
Keeping an eye on progress
The bill puts oversight provisions in place , including creating the position of an inspector general as well as a congressional oversight panel to monitor the program , plus a requirement that the Treasury secretary regularly report to Congress the details of all loan purchases .
Also , " all of the transactions related to this legislation will be on the Internet within 48 hours , " Pelosi said .
" That transparency , that oversight , will be very important to our economy . "
The bill also contains some provisions to help families in financial distress avoid foreclosures , in part by creating a plan to " encourage services of mortgages to modify loans " and allowing the Treasury to use loan guarantees to avoid foreclosures .
While critics have noted that government encouragement wo n't necessarily impel servicers to work with borrowers , the Treasury official said that buying large groups of loans will help push that process forward .
" Treasury will be buying many of the securities in volume .
We will have a lot of influence on the servicers and we will work aggressively to ... prevent foreclosures , " the official said .
Candidates weigh in
Before the release of the draft text , presidential candidates John McCain and Barack Obama said Sunday morning that they would be willing to sign off on the massive financial rescue plan but would need to first consider the details .
See full story .
When asked if he supported the plan , McCain told ABC's This Week : " I 'd like to see the details , but hopefully yes .
...
This is something we 'll all swallow hard and go forward with . "
Obama told CBS's Face the Nation : " We have to get something done .
...
My inclination would be to vote for it , understanding that I 'm not happy about it -- we should have never gotten to this place . "
am glad our research has helped Jack ,
Please return the favor with the following ;
Remember your path and mine are not so different .
I turned in the power elite in 2004 for mass foreclosure fraud against FHA borrowers ( the least of our brothers ) and the system turned on me .
Now look at our state , number 2 for foreclosures and mortgage fraud .
Use what you have to serve all .
Do n't make this Jack Thompson 's war .
You need to be a General not the front line .
Case in point Montgomery Sibley used what Bob Hurt learned from us to serve himself only , focus on how to help the troops and your troops shall mount behind you .
Then you will be vindicated .
For The Republic ,
Bill
Bill , I am filing my federal lawsuit against the Supreme Court of Florida clerk hall for denying me my right to have him file my quo warranto action based upon their oath problem .
I will send it to you shortly .
You have helped me so much , you can't imagine !
----- Original Message -----
Subject : if you liked Holloway see the enclosed
Jack since it appears you properly and timely took issue with Judge Tunis ' oath along with the Supreme Courts before final rendering , these case should void there findings against you , and clear the way for redress .
Good Luck ,
Bill Trudelle
Roy v. Tomlinson , 639 So.2d 1112 ( Fla. App. 1 Dist. , 1994 ) Once petitioner challenged Judge Pierce 's authority to act on the pending pleading , Judge Pierce no longer " peaceably " held de facto office , as found in the order denying the motion to disqualify .
These facts distinguish this case from Stein v. Foster , where the challenge to the county judge 's authority was not made until after a final order had been entered .
Absent a valid designation for Judge Pierce to act as a circuit judge , the motion for his disqualification should have been granted .
Also see Pierre v. State , 2002 FL 2794 ( FLCA , 2002 ) , Stein v. Foster , 557 So. 2d 861 ( Fla. 1990 ) .
Loffler v. Loffler , 620 So.2d 1048 ( Fla. App. 1 Dist. , 1993 ) stating : A timely objection to a de facto judge 's authority is necessary to void his or her acts .
From : Jack Thompson [ mailto :
To : Bill Trudelle
Subject : Re : Holloway V State -----Original Message ----- Jack Thompson [ mailto : amendmentone@comcast .
net Bill TrudelleRe : Holloway V State
Wow , how the Hell did you find this ???
5721 Riviera Drive
Coral Gables , Florida 33146
___
---- Original Message ----- From : Bill Trudelle To : amendmentone@comcast.net
Subject : Holloway V State Jack attached is Holloway V State see its citings , it is a dead on case by the Supreme Court regarding the Oath and defacto officer issue it fits perfect with your issues and serves the greater good .
Please review as it applies to your case .
Jack Thompson , Attorney5721 Riviera DriveCoral Gables , Florida 33146___
___
___JACK THOMPSON v. TOM HALL , IN HIS OFFICIAL CAPACITY AS CLERK OF THE FLORIDA SUPREME COURT , and THE SUPREME COURT OF FLORIDA + JACK THOMPSON v. FLORIDA SUPREME COURT
Jack wrote this before filing his federal lawsuit against Supreme Court Clerk Tom Hall .
----------
Forwarded message ----------
From : Jack Thompson < amendmentone@comcast.net >
Date : Thu , Aug 28 , 2008 at 9:44 AM
Subject : Meeting with Chief Justice Quince
John B. Thompson , Attorney at Law
5721 Riviera Drive
Coral Gables , Florida 33146
305-666-4366
amendmentone@comcast.net
August 28 , 2008
The Honorable Peggy Quince
Chief Justice , Florida Supreme Court
500 South Duval Street
Tallahassee , Florida 32399 Via Fax to 850-487-4696
Re : Face - to - Face Meeting with the Chief Justice
Dear Chief Justice Quince :
This letter confirms that at 9:30 am today I spoke with your cordial assistant and requested telephonically that we have a meeting , with Florida Bar Counsel Paul Hill present if he wants to be , regarding the illegal act of your Clerk Tom Hall in refusing to accept for filing a $ 300 filing fee check and a Petition for Writ of Quo Warranto .
His bizarre letter in that regard is attached .
The Petition deals with the fact that six of the seven Florida Supreme Court Justices do not have valid state loyalty oaths , as mandated by the US Constitution and by FS 876.05 .
As a result of this illegal act by your Clerk , I have filed a declaratory judgment action in federal court against your court and against your Clerk , Tom Hall , Case No. 08-22378 , Southern District of Florida .
Since your kind assistant promised me that she would email you my request for a meeting , please advise of same at your earliest convenience .
I trust she will email you tis as well .
I grew up in a day and in a country in which difficult problems were best resolved and more likely to be resolved in face - to - face meetings .
That is the way it has been ; that is the way it will always be .
Please advise , as this treatment of me by the Court and by your Clerk as if I were some criminal has got to stop .
I 'm a citizen of the United States with a right of access to our courts for the purpose of petitioning the government for a redress of grievances .
Regards , Jack Thompson
___
I like this letter .
Jack explains how the bar ruins good lawyers through the judicial oligarchy known as an " integrated bar . "
See the integration documents in the files section of the Lawmen group ( see link to Free Downloads in my signature below ) .
Bob
----------
Forwarded message ----------
From : Jack Thompson < amendmentone@comcast.net >
Date : Wed , Aug 27 , 2008 at 1:28 PM
Subject : Jack Thompson Writes the ACLU
John B. Thompson , Attorney at Law
5721 Riviera Drive
Coral Gables , Florida 33146
305-666-4366
amendmentone@comcast.net
August 27 , 2008
Howard Simon
Executive Director
ACLU of Florida
4500 Biscayne Blvd. , Suite 340
Miami , Florida 33137
Re : The Florida Bar's Assault Upon Freedom of Speech , Freedom of Religion ,
and Freedom to Petition the Government for a Redress of Grievances
Dear Mr. Simon :
I am a member of the ACLU , and thus I commend and thank your Maria Kayanan for her excellent amicus brief filed on behalf of attorney Sean Conway 's free speech rights in Florida Bar v. Conway .
I moved the court to allow me to serve as amicus in the Conway case as well because of my previous experience as an amicus in a renowned First Amendment case in which the ACLU was also an amicus but more importantly because I have been a victim of an even more egregious infringement of the First Amendment by The Florida Bar than has been Mr. Conway .
The fact that the Florida Supreme Court , without explanation because there was no basis for doing so , denied me amicus status speaks volumes about a ) how keen The Florida Bar has been to deny me my First Amendment rights of speech , religion , and to petition the government , and b ) how thoroughly The Bar has deluded the Florida Supreme Court in this regard .
The Bar now seeks disbarment of me in large part for my fact - based criticism of two judges .
Unlike Mr. Conway , I did not engage in opinionated hyperbole .
I stated facts .
An Alabama judge by the name of James Moore deprived a black teen of a fair trial by an all - white jury in a murder trial by denying him any semblance of a " video game defense " about which I was interviewed on CBS ' 60 Minutes by Ed Bradley .
This Judge Moore has used The Florida Bar to keep this young man on Death Row and also to punish me for alerting the public and the Alabama State Bar that a lawyer friend of this Judge Moore claimed he could fix the case .
The Bar believes it was a violation of ethics for me to accept Mr. Bradley 's invitation to appear on 60 Minutes at the behest of Mr. Bradley , six years after I had first appeared .
It is unconscionable that The Bar would think let along act upon such a belief .
I was fully within Bar Rules to warn Americans of a public safety hazard .
The other judge using The Florida Bar to harass me with a SLAPP Bar complaint is Miami - Dade Circuit Court Judge Ron Friedman , who announced his ruling in my case before he had the evidentiary hearing in it , which he then refused to convene .
When I complained about this , he filed a Bar complaint against me which he refused to swear to .
The Bar then processed it as its own .
Friedman has now been reversed twice by the Third District Court of Appeals for doing to other litigants exactly what he did to me .
Judge Friedman is the kind of judge who cannot abide fact - based criticism , so he wants
The Bar to punish me for my truthful whistle blowing about his illegal antics .
His actions clearly violate 18 USC 242 .
Because I complained about this Bar - based assault upon my First Amendment rights , the Florida Supreme Court entered a " sanction " against me that prohibits me even from responding to the Referee 's Final Report .
This denial of my right to petition the government for a redress of grievances is one of the most ridiculous decisions made in recent memory by an appellate court in America .
The only other court in Anglo - American jurisprudence to deny a citizen the right to appear on his own behalf is England 's notorious Star Chamber , as the US Supreme Court pointed out in Faretta .
Florida Statute 454.18 of course grants every Florida resident the right to represent himself in any civil proceeding .
This law means nothing to the Florida Supreme Court .
I have this week filed a federal declaratory judgment action challenging the Florida Supreme Court 's utter refusal to accept for filing a stand - alone quo warranto action .
The Bar and the Court have this bizarre notion that they can refuse even to docket a lawsuit they do not like .
This utterly guts the First Amendment petition right .
I had the pleasure of meeting , for the first time , the national ACLU 's President Nadine Strossen in July 1990 when the two of us were guests on ABC's Nightline , hosted by Ted Koppel .
Subsequent to that , Nadine and I debated one another on close to 20 college campuses .
I have the highest regard for her and her love of the Constitution .
When I wrote her about this situation with The Bar , she encouraged me to write you regarding possible help from you all for me .
You can contact Nadine to verify that .
I would respectfully ask for your help , then , in any form and to whatever extent , to convince the Florida Supreme Court that The Florida Bar should not be the Thought Police when it comes to fact - based criticism of reckless or corrupt judges .
The Alabama judge I have come up against is doing anything he can to keep a black man on Death Row .
The Florida judge I have criticized will do anything to punish any lawyer who factually criticizes him .
These two judges have stood " judicial independence " on its head to mean that anyone who disagrees with them must be punished .
This is nonsense .
Justice Douglas predicted in his dissent in Lathrop v. Donohue that eventually integrated state bars would become " goose - stepping brigades . "
Well , those fascistic Bar brigades are here in Florida .
Mr. Conway has been a victim , and I have been much more of a victim .
Please help .
There is a good reason I fashioned the below quotation , which graces all of my e-mails .
It happens to be true :
" If a conservative is a liberal who has been mugged , as Mayor Koch once said , then a civil libertarian is a Republican who has been indicted . "
The great enemy of liberty is the state , and on that conservatives and all members of the ACLU should agree .
Regards , Jack Thompson
Copy : Florida Bar Governors
___
----------
Forwarded message ----------
From : Jack Thompson < amendmentone@comcast.net >
Date : Fri , Aug 22 , 2008 at 7:13 PM
Subject : Notice
John B. Thompson , Attorney at Law
5721 Riviera Drive
Coral Gables , Florida 33146
305-666-4366
amendmentone@comcast.net
August 22 , 2008
John G. White , III
President , The Florida Bar
250 Australian Avenue South , Suite 1504
West Palm Beach , Florida 33401
Chief Justice Peggy Quince
Florida Supreme Court
500 South Duval Street
Tallahassee , Florida 32399
Attorney General Bill McCollum
State of Florida
The Capitol PL -01
Tallahassee , Florida 32399
Dava J. Tunis
1351 NW 12th Street
Gerstein Justice Bldg. , Sixth Floor
Miami , Florida 33125
Re : Notice of Intent to Sue for Damages
Gentlemen and Lady :
I hereby provide you formal notice of my intent to sue the State of Florida for damages arising out of your conspiracy , with others within and outside the state government , interfere with my civil rights , pursuant to 42 USC 1985 and other federal and state legal authority .
I shall secure the internal documents , including emails , denied me illegally in my " disciplinary " proceedings in this litigation and in other litigation leading up to it .
Regards , Jack Thompson
___
----------
Forwarded message ----------
From : Jack Thompson < amendmentone@comcast.net >
Date : Fri , Aug 22 , 2008 at 5:41 PM
Subject : Florida Bar to be sued Monday
John B. Thompson , Attorney at Law
5721 Riviera Drive
Coral Gables , Florida 33146
305-666-4366
amendmentone@comcast.net
August 22 , 2008
Mary Ellen Bateman
The Florida Bar
Tallahassee , Florida Via e-mail to mbateman@flabar.org
Dear Ms. Bateman :
Because you , as records custodian refuse to provide me access the Bar 's various records pertaining to me , including emails , to which I am entitled full discovery as a party in my disciplinary matters without being charged a fee ( since I am a party ) , I shall name you as an individual defendant in a federal lawsuit I am filing Monday .
I shall secure an injunction commanding you to turn these records over .
This is what the Rules of Civil Procedure provide , and I shall have them .
The Bar provided them free of charge the last time it tried to mess with me years ago , and I shall have them .
The smoking guns I found ended the nonsense then , and they will end it again .
Regards , Jack Thompson
Jack Thompson , Attorney
5721 Riviera Drive
Coral Gables , Florida 33146
305-666-4366 , cell 305-588-3005
" Vice is a matter of so frightful mien ,
As to be hated needs but to be seen .
Yet seen too oft , familiar with her face ,
We first endure , then pity , then embrace . "
Alexander Pope
" If a conservative is a liberal who has been mugged , as Mayor Koch once said , then a civil libertarian is a Republican who has been indicted . "
Jack Thompson
___
----------
Forwarded message ----------
From : Jack Thompson < amendmentone@comcast.net >
Date : Fri , Aug 22 , 2008 at 4:43 PM
John B. Thompson , Attorney at Law
5721 Riviera Drive
Coral Gables , Florida 33146
305-666-4366
amendmentone@comcast.net
August 22 , 2008
The Honorable Peggy Quince
Chief Justice , Florida Supreme Court
500 South Duval Street
Tallahassee , Florida 32399 Via Fax and Mail
Re : 42 USC 1983 , Florida Bar By - Law 2-9.7
Dear Chief Justice Quince :
A couple of things if I may :
I sent to the court this week a quo warranto petition which your clerk has no choice but to docket as a new action separate and apart from my disciplinary case .
If he does not do so by the middle of next week , then I shall file a federal action against you under 42 USC 1983 for injunctive relief .
Secondly , Florida Bar By - Law 2 - 9.7 mandates that The Bar maintain liability insurance , and I have found that they have waived their policy coverage as to me and decided to self insure .
This decision violates 2 - 9.7 .
I have filed a petition for writ of mandamus to address this problem , and that had better be filed by Wednesday of next week as well .
Have a good weekend .
Regards , Jack Thompson
___
----------
Forwarded message ----------
From : Jack Thompson < amendmentone@comcast.net >
Date : Fri , Aug 22 , 2008 at 10:03 AM
Subject : I 'm Sure One of You Bar Governors Will Volunteer for This , Right ?
IN THE SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF FLORIDA
THE FLORIDA BAR ,
Complainant ,
v. Case Numbers SC 07 - 80 and 07 - 354
JOHN B. THOMPSON ,
Respondent .
RESPONDENT'S MOTION FOR THIS COURT TO APPOINT COUNSEL
COMES NOW respondent Thompson , and moves this Supreme Court as follows :
This court has entered a " sanction " order improperly and illegally stripping him , despite the guarantees of the Sixth Amendment and of FS 454.18 , of his right to represent himself herein .
This court has bound and gagged respondent despite the fact that Thompson is a lawyer in continuous good standing with The Florida Bar for 31 years who has achieved a number of successes as a lawyer in the face of the chronic opposition of both The Florida Bar and the porn - to - kids molestation industry .
In fact , it is because of Thompson 's successes that this court has lurched into the Star Chamber practice of gagging Thompson .
After all , it was this same court that years ago entered a bizarre order seeking to pathologize Thompson 's Christian faith - based activism .
The excuse that this court has given to deny him his right of self - representation is that Thompson 's filings are " without merit , " and yet this court has never reached the merits of his pleadings .
The disingenuousness of this court is thus patent .
Since this court has " sanctioned " him by depriving him of his most fundamental right — the right to advocate for all rights — then this court has an absolute obligation to provide him replacement counsel to undertake that advocacy .
This court and our entire Florida judicial system , as a matter of law , provides court - appointed counsel to convicted murderers .
Thompson understands that this court considers him below murderers and rapists on the societal evolutionary ladder — given the fact that he manages to annoy Florida Bar presidents on a routine basis — but the principle of a court 's provision of counsel to someone who cannot otherwise secure counsel is deeply embedded in the Sixth Amendment and in the US Supreme Court 's Gideon line of cases .
Relatedly , Ted Bundy was allowed to represent himself in his murder trials .
Maybe Thompson 's mistake was that he has not bitten his opponents as Mr. Bundy bit his victims .
Maybe then a dentist could represent Thompson in these proceedings without fear of retribution .
WHEREFORE , since this court professes that it wants " justice " in this case , since we lawyers all understand that justice in our system depends upon zealous adversarial advocacy , and since The Bar has been actively extorting lawyers not to represent Thompson , this court should and in fact must appoint an attorney to represent him herein , and respondent Thompson moves this court to do so .
I HEREBY CERTIFY that I have provided this to The Florida Bar , 1200 Edgewater Drive , Orlando , Florida , August 22 , 2008 .
John B. Thompson , Attorney / Respondent
Florida Bar # 231665
5721 Riviera Drive
Coral Gables , Florida 33146
Phone , 305-666-4366
amendmentone@comcast.net
___
----------
Forwarded message ----------
From : Jack Thompson < amendmentone@comcast.net >
Date : Fri , Aug 22 , 2008 at 9:28 AM
Subject : The Florida Bar's Extortion Machine Strikes Again
IN THE SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF FLORIDA
THE FLORIDA BAR ,
Complainant ,
v. Case Numbers SC 07 - 80 and 07 - 354
JOHN B. THOMPSON ,
Respondent .
RESPONDENT'S NOTICE TO SUPREME COURT RE HIS COUNSEL
COMES NOW respondent Thompson , and provides notice to the Supreme Court of the following :
Thompson extensively interviewed a Florida attorney , well known to this court and to The Florida Bar 's officers and Governors , for the purpose of Thompson 's retaining this lawyer to represent him in this " disciplinary " action .
This lawyer was prepared to file a petition for review of the referee 's report , a motion for stay of these proceedings in light of this court 's attempt to determine if the First Amendment protects Sean Conway and other Florida lawyers in their criticisms of judges , and to otherwise fully represent Thompson in this " disciplinary " matter .
Despite the fact that this lawyer , expert in disciplinary matters , believes that Thompson 's legal position has merit , this lawyer ultimately expressed fear that his mere representation of Thompson would harm his career .
Pressure was brought to bear upon him .
Thompson has repeatedly asserted to this court 's " sanction " that prevents Thompson from handling his own defense violates the Sixth Amendment and FS 454.18 .
It does .
This court does n't want a fair result in this case .
It wants a predetermined result .
Thompson has said , correctly , that no lawyer in his or her right mind would represent Thompson in this matter , given The Bar 's proven record of extorting his two prior counsel out of their representation of Thompson .
Indeed , as soon as The Bar 's Ken Marvin and Sheila Tuma heard that this lawyer whom they knew well would likely be representing Thompson , the pressure began .
The pressure was successful .
This court 's clerk Tom Hall can send the undersigned even more letters informing Thompson that these pleadings are being placed in a " Miscellaneous File " rather than in the court file where Thompson has a right for them to appear .
The truth is these pleadings have been sent to this court and the court is thus fully on notice as to their existence and what is contained therein , and this court ignores them , including this pleading , at its own grave risk in subsequent litigation .
This court , collaborating with The Bar and the latter 's extortion machine , has effectively and by design closed the Supreme Court to Thompson and thus illegally denied him his absolute right to respond to the fraudulent Referee 's Report .
This Supreme Court is not a court of law .
It is a Star Chamber , as only the notorious Star Chamber ever denied a citizen the right to represent himself .
I HEREBY CERTIFY that I have provided this to The Florida Bar , 1200 Edgewater Drive , Orlando , Florida , August 22 , 2008 .
John B. Thompson , Attorney / Respondent
Florida Bar # 231665
5721 Riviera Drive
Coral Gables , Florida 33146
Phone , 305-666-4366
amendmentone@comcast.net
Jack Thompson , Attorney
5721 Riviera Drive
Coral Gables , Florida 33146
305-666-4366 , cell 305-588-3005
" Vice is a matter of so frightful mien ,
As to be hated needs but to be seen .
Yet seen too oft , familiar with her face ,
We first endure , then pity , then embrace . "
Alexander Pope
" If a conservative is a liberal who has been mugged , as Mayor Koch once said , then a civil libertarian is a Republican who has been indicted . "
Jack Thompson
___
----------
Forwarded message ----------
From : Jack Thompson < amendmentone@comcast.net >
Date : Wed , Aug 20 , 2008 at 6:15 PM
Subject : Screw the Bar .
Here I come .
And I 'm going to win this , and you 're going to lose .
John B. Thompson , Attorney at Law
5721 Riviera Drive
Coral Gables , Florida 33146
305-666-4366
amendmentone@comcast.net
August 20 , 2008
Ms. Linell Raulerson
Nationwide Insurance Company
Claims Department
Gainesville , Florida Via e-mail to raulerl@nationwide.com
Re : Conspiracy by The Florida Bar to Deprive Bar Member of Civil Rights , Claim Number 77 09 PR 335767 0824200451
Dear Ms. Raulerson :
Because of your insured 's decision to try to " waive coverage " and its right to a defense , both to be provided by Nationwide , what The Bar has inadvertently accomplished is a ) proven its utter recklessness in tortiously depriving me of my rights and b ) breached its fiduciary duties to all of its
Bar members by exposing its and their assets .
As a result of this mistake by The Bar , I shall have to subpoena you for the purpose of taking your sworn testimony in these regards , and so I write to ask you if you have in - house or outside counsel you would like to direct me to in order to make this as pleasant as possible .
Please let me know .
Thanks for your help .
Regards , Jack Thompson
Copy : The Florida Bar
___
----------
Forwarded message ----------
From : Jack Thompson < amendmentone@comcast.net >
Date : Fri , Aug 22 , 2008 at 10:36 AM
Subject : Jack to Florida Supreme Court :
Go ahead , make my day .
Put up or shut up .
IN THE SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF FLORIDA
THE FLORIDA BAR ,
Complainant ,
v. Case Numbers SC 07 - 80 and 07 - 354
JOHN B. THOMPSON ,
Respondent .
RESPONDENT'S MOTION FOR THIS COURT TO ENTER SHOW CAUSE ORDER WHY RESPONDENT SHOULD NOT BE HELD IN CRIMINAL CONTEMPT OF THIS COURT
COMES NOW respondent Thompson , and moves this Supreme Court as follows :
This court violated the First , Fifth , Sixth , and Fourteenth Amendments to the US Constitution and Florida Statute 454.18 when it " sanctioned " him by denying him his right to respond to the Referee 's Report in this " disciplinary " matter .
Be that as it may , this court 's sanction order threatened Thompson with criminal contempt if he continued to file pleadings in this case .
Thompson has continued to filed pleadings for two reasons a ) somebody on this court might recognize its error , and b ) to build the record of judicial malfeasance that will come back to bite this court in a federal civil rights action .
Regardless of Thompson 's motives , which are purer than this court 's , he has arguably violated the court 's gag order .
What is the court going to do about it ?
If this court does nothing , then it becomes REALLY clear that this court 's order was simply an idle , extortionate , bullying threat to intimidate Thompson in violation of 18 USC 241 .
However , if this court was serious and not frivolous , then it should enter an order directing Thompson to show cause why he should not be held in criminal contempt of this court for violating its order not to file pleadings herein .
Thompson looks forward to the trial on that .
Put another way , as Ronald Reagan and Harry Callahan used to say :
" Go ahead , make my day . "
Thompson knows this court is offended by helpful pictures , but there they are .
Wherefore , Thompson moves this court for the entry of the hereinabove requested show cause order .
I HEREBY CERTIFY that I have provided this to The Florida Bar , 1200 Edgewater Drive , Orlando , Florida , August 22 , 2008 .
John B. Thompson , Attorney / Respondent
Florida Bar # 231665
5721 Riviera Drive
Coral Gables , Florida 33146
Phone , 305-666-4366
amendmentone@comcast.net
___
Jack explains why the bar dropped insurance coverage against tort claims .
He creamed them back in 1992 and they did n't like having to pay his claim .
So now they really " Jack " ed the premiums .
----------
Forwarded message ----------
From : Jack Thompson < amendmentone@comcast.net >
Date : Wed , Aug 20 , 2008 at 11:02 AM
Subject : Breach of Fiduciary Duty by The Bar 's Officers to Its 88,000 Members
John B. Thompson , Attorney at Law
5721 Riviera Drive
Coral Gables , Florida 33146
305-666-4366
amendmentone@comcast.net
August 20 , 2008
John G. White , III
President , The Florida Bar
250 Australian Avenue South , Suite 1504
West Palm Beach , Florida 33401
Re : Exposure of All Florida Bar Members to a Special Assessment
Dear Mr. White :
I have just learned from Nationwide , which provides coverage to The Bar for torts such as the ones that The Bar has committed against me , that three years ago The Bar waived its right to coverage and the right to a defense by Nationwide as to my claim # 7709PR3377670824200451 .
This is remarkable news , and I am certain it will be startling for all of our fellow Bar members to hear of it when I e-mail them shortly , as I had already indicated I would do before I knew of this development .
The Bar has opted out of coverage here because , as you know , it was The Bar 's insurance carrier that shut down The Bar 's criminal efforts against me back in 1992 .
What The Bar has done , per the information I have just received from Nationwide , is make it very clear that it wants no impediment , either from its carrier or from the Constitution , in its latest criminal assault upon my rights .
This decision by The Bar to tell Nationwide to get lost is a clear breach of fiduciary duty by The Bar , and I intend now to inform the Florida Supreme Court of just that .
Regards , Jack Thompson
Jack Thompson , Attorney
5721 Riviera Drive
Coral Gables , Florida 33146
305-666-4366 , cell 305-588-3005
" Vice is a matter of so frightful mien ,
As to be hated needs but to be seen .
Yet seen too oft , familiar with her face ,
We first endure , then pity , then embrace . "
Alexander Pope
" If a conservative is a liberal who has been mugged , as Mayor Koch once said , then a civil libertarian is a Republican who has been indicted . "
Jack Thompson
___
___
Florida , Thompson : Jack Hammers Chief Justice Quince over Kangaroo nature of Court
----------
Forwarded message ----------
From : Jack Thompson < amendmentone@comcast.net >
Date : Mon , Aug 18 , 2008 at 6:21 PM
Subject : Two movies Chief Justice Quince Needs to See ...
John B. Thompson , Attorney at Law
5721 Riviera Drive
Coral Gables , Florida 33146
305-666-4366
amendmentone@comcast.net
August 18 , 2008
The Honorable Peggy Quince
Chief Justice , Florida Supreme Court
500 South Duval Street
Tallahassee , Florida 32399 Via Fax and Mail
Re : Kangaroo Courts
Dear Chief Justice Quince :
Today my son , along with all his classmates , missed the first day of this year 's academic term because of meteorological event named Fay .
So I took two hours off from battling with your court 's official arm , The Bar , to watch with him the wonderful movie Breaker Morant , which I had first seen in 1980 when it was released .
This was my 15 - year - old son 's first time viewing this true account of the unfair trial and conviction of three Australian soldiers who fought in the Second Boer War in South Africa around the turn of the last century .
The star of the film was a bloke by the name of Jack Thompson ( what an odd name ) , who played the lawyer pressed into service to defend these three Australian soldiers .
It is ironic that this particular kangaroo court was used by the British to unfairly convict three men from the kangaroo continent .
The only real difference between what was done to me by your Bar Referee Dava Tunis and what was done to these three soldiers in Breaker Morant is that the soldiers were allowed to introduce evidence and witnesses at trial — a right denied me after I alerted you and the other Justices to this due process deprivation .
You did nothing about it .
I heartily recommend Breaker Morant to you , although I would think an African American woman , of all Americans , should not have to be reminded that certain courts in the South get it wrong some of the time .
Ever see To Kill a Mockingbird , Chief Justice Quince ?
Maybe it 's time for you to take in a double feature ?
Regards , Jack Thompson
Copy : Board of Governors of the Court 's " Official Arm "
The Python Bible™ | Everything You Need to Program in Python
Build 11 Projects and go from Beginner to Pro in Python with the World 's Most Fun Project - Based Python Course !
Welcome to WWW.XNXX - MOVIES.NET
Free porn movie galleries !
Warning !
We provide pornographic content
Click here for XNXX Movies !
Click to enlarge
PRESS RELEASE
Engineer Bob Kearns had been granted a patent for a design of intermittent windshield wipers in 1967 , two years before Ford introduced them in production .
Unfortunately for Kearns , Ford had " developed " its own system rather than licensing Kearns ' design .
Needless to say , litigation ensued and it took until 1995 for the U.S. Supreme Court to finally rule against Ford and Chrysler and award Kearns $ 30 million .
That story has now been turned into a major motion picture being released this week called Flash of Genius , and Ford wants you to know that the facts of the matter are much less dramatic than what the movie portrays .
While reminding people that the facts have been dramatized , Ford also mentions that a jury ruled it did not " willfully " infringe on Kearns ' patent .
That 's not to say Ford and Chrysler did n't infringe – juries ruled that they did .
It just was n't " willful . "
Did Kearns ultimately win ?
That 's hard to say considering how his life turned out , but he was vindicated .
On the other hand , many owners of older English cars would argue that Joseph Lucas invented the intermittent windshield wiper , although again not willfully .
[ Source : Ford ]
The film " Flash of Genius " chronicles the life story of Bob Kearns , who asserted that he invented the intermittent windshield wiper and sued Ford , Chrysler and other automakers for patent infringement .
While films like " Flash of Genius " are made for entertainment purposes , the facts are often less dramatic .
Bob Kearns as well as hundreds of engineers from many companies , including Ford , helped develop the intermittent wiper as part of an evolution of existing automotive and electronic components .
While there are inaccuracies in the film , Ford sees no value in re-hashing the history of a legal case that was resolved in court almost 20 years ago , when a jury ruled that Ford did not willfully violate Mr. Kearns ' patent .
Today , Ford continues to make engineering and design breakthroughs in areas such as fuel efficiency , safety and smart technology , and is proud of its 100 - year legacy of innovation in automotive technology .
World ’s First Test of Solar - Powered Wireless Power Transmission
Space solar power could be a clean , renewable solution to America 's long - term energy needs .
John C. Mankins , former manager of NASA 's Exploration Systems Research and Technology Program , and one of the foremost experts on space solar power , will announce on Friday a milestone demonstration of the critical technology enabling SSP : long - distance , solar - powered wireless power transmission .
The project demonstrated wireless power transmission between two Hawaiian islands 148 kilometers apart , more than the distance from the surface of Earth to the boundary of space .
It will be featured in an hour - long special that evening on Discovery Channel as part of DISCOVERY PROJECT EARTH , an eight - part series on the most ambitious geo-engineering ideas to tackle global climate change and the need for new and sustainable energy sources .
Sept. 17 , 2008  --
Electronic voting machines have been the focus of much controversy the last few years .
But another election technology has received little scrutiny yet could create numerous problems and disenfranchise thousands of voters in November , election experts say .
This year marks the first time that new , statewide , centralized voter - registration databases will be used in a federal election in a number of states .
The databases were mandated in the 2002 Help America Vote Act , which required all election districts in a state or U.S. territory to consolidate their lists into a single database electronically accessible to every election office in the state or territory .
But the databases , some created by the same companies that make electronic voting machines , are n't federally tested or certified and some have been plagued by missed deadlines , rushed production schedules , cost overruns , security problems , and design and reliability issues .
Last year , in Larimer County , Colorado , election workers got an error message when they tried to access the state 's database to process absentee ballots , and had to log off for 20 minutes .
In a mock election four months ago , clerks in other counties had trouble accessing the database from polling locations .
Those who could connect said the system was sluggish .
Election officials in several counties said they did n't trust the system , and planned to load the database to county computers and use printed poll books on Election Day rather than access the central database in real time .
" The voter - registration databases are an underlying part of the voting technology revolution that has taken place in this country that has been the least noticed , " says Kim Alexander , president and founder of the California Voter Foundation .
" We do n't know how much of a problem ( they 've ) been across the country .
My guess is that there have been technical problems with statewide databases all across the country that have gone unreported . "
This year , during primaries in several states , longtime voters phoned a national voter hotline complaining their party affiliation had changed from Democrat or Republican to unaffiliated , preventing some from casting ballots in states without open primaries .
Others complained they were n't on the voter roll , though they 'd lived and voted at the same location for years .
One Maryland woman said the birth date in her voter record was several decades off her real age .
Others were listed as " inactive , " although they 'd voted in the previous federal election .
And one woman who said she voted in 2006 was told she was n't registered and could n't cast a ballot .
Election officials told her the voter ID number she had belonged to a man .
But election experts say the real concern is how states are conducting database matches of new voters under HAVA .
The law requires each voter to have a unique identifier .
Since 2004 , new registration applicants have had to provide a driver 's license number or the last four digits of a Social Security number to register ( voters who do n't have them are assigned a unique number by the state ) .
States are required to try to authenticate the numbers with motor vehicle records and the Social Security Administration database .
But databases are prone to errors such as misspellings and transposed numbers , and applicants are prone to make mistakes or write illegibly on applications .
The Social Security Administration has acknowledged that matches between its database and voter - registration records have yielded a 28.5 percent error rate .
States vary in how they treat applicants whose records do n't match , and experts say rules in some states could prevent thousands of eligible voters from casting ballots or having their votes counted in November .
Those who do n't match in Oregon , for example , can cast a ballot , but their vote for president or any other federal race on a ballot wo n't be counted .
There are currently about 9,500 voters in Oregon who fall into this category , but a state spokesman says matching issues will be resolved with most of them before November so they can vote in federal races .
Fewer than 500 voters were affected by this during the state 's primary .
" One of the big problems is that states just have n't been very transparent about how they 're operating their new database , " says Dan Tokaji , law professor at the Ohio State University 's Moritz College of Law .
" So it 's really hard to tell how this is going to play out .
A few states have implemented overly stringent matching rules , the consequence of which could be that some citizens ' votes do n't get counted . "
In the 2000 election , about 1.3 million registered voters said they did n't vote due to trouble with their registration , according to a U.S. Census Bureau survey , which did n't elaborate on the nature of the troubles .
In an election when record numbers of new voters are expected to participate , experts say the number of voters who find they can't cast a ballot this year could be higher .
Voter registration databases are central to the democratic process in every state except North Dakota -- which does n't require registration .
Everywhere else , the registration roll is the gatekeeper determining eligibility to vote in an election .
Voter lists are n't used just for elections , however .
Shortly after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks in 2001 , before statewide databases were mandated , then - Attorney General John Ashcroft reportedly ordered that voter registration lists be checked for links to terrorists .
Until HAVA , each county or election district in most states maintained its own voter list , which often resulted in duplicate registrations when voters moved and re-registered -- creating opportunities for fraud .
States were supposed to consolidate their lists by Jan. 1 , 2004 , but most got an extension to 2006 .
Creating a statewide system that interfaces with multiple county registration databases built by different companies proved to be difficult .
About a dozen states missed the 2006 deadline , and four were sued by the Justice Department .
There have also been a number of issues involving companies that make the systems .
Some states built databases in - house ; others outsourced to companies like Election Systems & Software ( which also makes voting machines ) , and the Bermuda - based Accenture .
Accenture was hired by several states , but lost contracts in all but one for missed deadlines and other issues .
Colorado -- a crucial swing state -- completed its $ 13 million database this year after firing Accenture in 2005 .
A little - known Oregon company named Saber , which has created databases for 11 states , replaced it .
Accenture retained its contract in Pennsylvania , though problems occurred there as well .
In 2005 , one state official called the $ 20 million system " seriously if not fatally flawed . "
HAVA requires databases to have " adequate technological security " but does n't specify details , such as encryption .
And although the databases interface with every county election office , access controls have n't been developed in some states .
A 2006 audit of Florida 's registration system found that the state had n't established adequate access levels for various users and had no process for maintaining or monitoring audit logs , making records vulnerable to theft and manipulation .
A June 2008 follow - up found some of the same problems .
One former election office employee , for example , still had access to the database three months after leaving his job .
In 2006 in Denver , electronic poll books made by Sequoia Voting Systems crashed extensively , causing long lines that resulted in an estimated 20,000 voters leaving polls without voting .
During Georgia 's primary this year problems with e-poll books made by Diebold Election Systems led to voting delays up to three hours long .
Despite various issues , Kay Stimson , spokeswoman for the National Association of Secretaries of State , says the registration databases are ready , and states are confident they 'll perform well for the election .
She acknowledges , however , that issues over HAVA matches are still a concern .
" Generally speaking , the uncertainty that hangs over the process , including uncertainty that results from election challenges and litigation introduced shortly before Election Day , creates a greater likelihood for problems or confusion at the polls , " she said .
HAVA leaves it to states to decide how to conduct matches .
Some states require an exact match with the Social Security Administration database and only a substantial match with motor records .
Others require an exact match for a voter 's Social Security number , first and last name , and month and year of birth .
Exact matching , however , could mean that a woman who recently married and changed her name would fail to match government records containing her maiden name .
Voters who have double last names or unusually spelled names might also fail .
Everything depends on how a state 's matching algorithm is designed .
Last month Wisconsin , whose database just became operational , conducted a test of 20,000 voter names against motor vehicle records and found 20 percent with mismatches , due mainly to typos and transposed numbers .
Among those who failed to match were four members of the state 's Government Accountability Board ( .pdf ) , which conducted the test .
Thomas Cane , the board 's chairman and a retired judge , failed because he was listed by his full name , R. Thomas Cane , in his driver 's record .
A recent report from the Academies of Sciences noted that " many ( if not most ) of the matching procedures used by the states have been developed on the basis of intuitive reasoning without further systematic validation or mathematically rigorous analysis , do not reflect the state of the art in matching techniques , and have not been validated in the market , scientifically , or otherwise . "
Herbert Lin , one of the authors of the report , told Wired.com that the method states use to develop their procedures often involves " a bunch of guys sitting around a table saying ' Let 's try this ' and ' Yeah that seems reasonable . ' "
The federal Election Assistance Commission advises states not to leave final matching decisions to algorithms , and to have humans examine records that fail and contact voters to resolve discrepancies .
HAVA does n't say what to do with applicants when matching issues can't be resolved .
It says only that first - time voters who register by mail , rather than in person , and whose records can't be matched , must show ID at the poll .
Most states will register applicants who fail a match and let them cast a regular ballot after showing ID at the polls .
But three states -- Iowa , Louisiana and South Dakota -- wo n't register applicants who fail .
Iowa does , however , permit Election Day registration , which may allow a rejected applicant to reapply for registration at the poll and cast a regular ballot .
Louisiana and South Dakota let the rejected applicants vote after showing ID at the poll but only on a provisional ballot , which may or may not be counted , depending on circumstances and state law .
A survey of the 2004 general election showed that states varied in the percentage of provisional ballots that were cast and counted .
Most states fell in the 30 - 70 percent range .
" Provisional ballots are really problem ballots ; we do n't want people to use them if there 's a way not to , " says Michael Slater , executive director of Project Vote , a voting integrity group .
Last week Florida , a battleground state , announced a new policy that voting groups say will likely disenfranchise numerous voters .
A state law passed in 2005 initially prohibited applicants whose records did n't match from either being registered or voting .
But after some 13,000 voters were blocked for bad matches in 2006 , and more were blocked in 2007 , the state was sued by several groups , forcing it to change its plan .
Beginning Sept. 8 , new registration applicants who fail a HAVA match must mail a copy or bring a hard copy of their ID to an election office before Nov. 4 to show that the ID number on their registration application is correct .
Officials plan to send a letter to such voters explaining what to do .
Voters who forget or never receive instructions can cast a provisional ballot on Election Day , but it will be counted only if they bring or send a copy of their ID to an election office within 48 hours .
ID presented at the poll will not be accepted , which could create confusion since Florida law already requires everyone to show ID at the polls .
Election experts say the policy places an unfair burden on voters who may fail a match through no fault of their own , especially since most states get huge spikes in registration applications just before registration deadlines , increasing the likelihood that harried clerks will make data - entry errors .
" Allowing voters to return within 48 hours is worrisome because , the truth is , a lot of them won't , " says Tokaji .
" Maybe , if it comes down to Florida deciding the presidency , God help them , they will return .
But … the more complicated you make things , the more votes wo n't be counted . "
Critics of the policy predict it will affect 10 to 20 percent of new registration applicants .
" That 's tens of thousands of people in a state that decided a presidential contest by a few hundred votes ( in 2000 ) , " says Slater , whose group was one of the parties that sued Florida .
Florida 's voter - registration list is n't new to controversy , of course .
In 2000 a contractor hired to weed out convicted felons used broad criteria to match voter names against correctional records and swept up thousands of the wrong people .
The same problem occurred in 2004 .
Slater cites another troubling trend emerging with the implementation of statewide databases .
Several states have begun comparing databases for duplicate records of existing voters , then purging voters they believe have moved and registered in another state .
The problem , Slater says , is the methods used can yield false positives , and officials are deleting voters without contacting them to verify that they 've moved , or waiting for two federal election cycles to pass , which are requirements under the National Voter Rights Acts of 1993 .
In 2006 , Kentucky 's attorney general successfully sued his state 's board of elections after officials compared their list to ones from South Carolina and Tennessee and purged about 8,000 voters who appeared to have registered in those states at a later date than their registration in Kentucky and were presumed to have moved .
Project Vote is investigating Kansas , Louisiana and South Dakota for similar activity .
Minnesota , Iowa , Missouri and Nebraska have also been comparing lists .
" That is a trend that will accelerate , but there are inadequate safeguards , and I think it 's very , very dangerous , " Slater says .
To address some of the issues that may arise at polls in November , voting groups are advising voters to double - check their registration status before their state 's registration deadline ( . pdf ) , to bring ID to the polls in case questions arise about their eligibility , and call 866.
MYVOTE1 to report problems .
Last week , as federal regulators seized Washington Mutual in the largest U.S. banking failure , Congress was grappling with whether to spend $ 700 billion of public money to fix the financial industry 's troubles .
Lawmakers ' initial reaction to the Treasury Department 's staggering request : shock .
That sum amounts to about a quarter of the U.S. government 's annual spending .
It 's more than the Pentagon 's annual budget , more than the nation pays out each year in Social Security benefits and more than the federal government 's cost ...
Claim : Letters written by Alaskans offer viewpoints of Alaska governor and vice - presidential nominee Sarah Palin .
Status : Multiple — see below .
Origins :
In the immediate aftermath of the selection of Alaska governor Sarah Palin as the 2008 Republican vice - presidential nominee came a deluge of Internet - circulated open letters about her , each written by someone claiming a direct or indirect connection to the candidate ( e.g. , knowing her personally ; having lived in the town of Wasilla , Alaska , where Palin served as mayor ; or having been a long - time resident of Alaska ) , and each seemingly attempting to outdo its predecessors in terms of effusive praise or condemnatory criticism of her politics .
The letter which was by far the most widely circulated ( and which drew the most media attention ) was a critical 31 August 2008 missive attributed to a Wasilla resident named Anne Kilkenny , who said she had known Sarah Palin since 1992 :
ABOUT SARAH PALIN ABOUT SARAH PALIN I am a resident of Wasilla , Alaska .
I have known Sarah since 1992 .
Everyone here knows Sarah , so it is nothing special to say we are on a first - name basis .
Our children have attended the same schools .
Her father was my child ’s favorite substitute teacher .
I also am on a first name basis with her parents and mother - in - law .
I attended more City Council meetings during her administration than about 99 % of the
residents of the city .
She is enormously popular ; in every way she ’s like the most popular girl in middle school .
Even men who think she is a poor choice and wo n’t vote for her ca n’t quit smiling when talking about her because she is a “ babe ” .
It is astonishing and almost scary how well she can keep a secret .
She kept her most recent pregnancy a secret from her children and parents for seven months .
She is “ pro-life ” .
She recently gave birth to a Down ’s syndrome baby .
There is no cover - up involved , here ; Trig is her baby .
She is energetic and hardworking .
She regularly worked out at the gym .
She is savvy .
She does n’t take positions ; she just “ puts things out there ” and if they prove to be popular , then she takes credit .
Her husband works a union job on the North Slope for BP and is a champion snowmobile racer .
Todd Palin ’s kind of job is highly sought - after because of the schedule and high pay .
He arranges his work schedule so he can fish for salmon in Bristol Bay for a month or so in summer , but by no stretch of the imagination is fishing their major source of income .
Nor has her life - style ever been anything like that of native Alaskans .
[ Remainder of letter here . ]
This letter was indeed written , as claimed , by Wasilla resident Anne Kilkenny , who explained her motivations for drafting it to a Daily Journal reporter :
Recently , we received a note about the Web post , “ Letter from Anne Kilkenny , ” about Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , the Republican vice presidential nominee .
We thought for sure it was not really , “ a resident of Wasilla , Alaska ” who has known Palin since 1992 as the post claims .
Recently , we received a note about the Web post , “ Letter from Anne Kilkenny , ” about Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , the Republican vice presidential nominee .
We thought for sure it was not really , “ a resident of Wasilla , Alaska ” who has known Palin since 1992 as the post claims .
So , we checked it out .
Kilkenny does exist , and she does live in Alaska .
We reached her by phone and asked if she wrote the rather long note that calls Palin “ smart ” but also questions her abilities .
We asked Kilkenny , “ Did you write that letter ? ”
She replied skeptically , “ Well , I do n’t know .
Read me parts of it .
I ’ll tell you if it ’s mine or not . ”
After we read it to her , she said , “ Yes , I wrote that . ”
She sent it out to 40 people , brothers , sisters and friends , on Sunday — two days after U.S. Sen .
John McCain announced Palin as his choice .
On Wednesday , if you enter Kilkenny and Palin ’s names on Google , about 200 sites refer to this letter .
Why did she do it ?
Kilkenny told The Daily Journal she wanted to offer people information and her experiences .
She does not flatter Palin , but she said she did vote for Palin when she ran for city council .
“ How affirming it has been , ” she said .
“ I am pleased to know how idealistic Americans are .
They want information not just the politics of destruction . ”
Another popular entry was this 28 August 2008 letter by Wasilla resident Debbie Frost , which cast the Alaska governor as the “ US ’s answer to [ British prime minister ] Margaret Thatcher ” :
Sarah Palin is the US ’s answer to Margaret Thatcher !
Anyone who thinks she cannot handle the job or deal briskly and efficiently with ANY issue , including foreign governments … well , they have n’t met our Sarah .
Sarah Palin is the US ’s answer to Margaret Thatcher !
Anyone who thinks she cannot handle the job or deal briskly and efficiently with ANY issue , including foreign governments … well , they have n’t met our Sarah .
As an Alaskan resident as well as a resident of Wasilla , AK , where Sarah Palin was at one time Mayor … I can speak with confidence .
Governor Sarah Palin of Alaska is exactly what she portrayed during her introduction this morning and exactly what our US Government needs .
She is ethical to a fault ( if there is such a thing ) , a refreshing change to the status - quo and as smart and determined a PERSON ( gender really is n’t an issue here as far as I ’m concerned ) as anyone could ask for at the head of government .
Sarah is no naive ‘ small town mayor ’ — she just * started out * there .
BTW , as Mayor of Wasillahere . ]
Yet another letter , this one attributed to Butch King , a “ lifetime Alaskan ” who is also a proprietor of the Wildman Lake Lodge , attempted to answer ( positively ) the question of “ Who is Sarah Palin ? ” :
Many of our friends are asking us “ Who is Sarah Palin ? ”
Of course , as Alaskans , Kathy and I are extremely proud of her .
We just want to let you know that Sarah “ Barracuda ” Palin is a straight shooting , hard charging , get it done gal .
She knows when to listen , how to analyze the facts and how to make a decision , then implement the plan .
She does n’t do a poll before jumping in with both feet like too many of the Washington types .
She has little legislative experience because she has always held the EXECUTIVE position ; in private life , as mayor of Anchorage ‘s largest bedroom community or more recently as Governor of our State .
She is a smart , attractive home grown Alaska girl with excellent moral and family values .
She can see what needs to be done and does not hesitate to get it done .
Many of our friends are asking us “ Who is Sarah Palin ? ”
Of course , as Alaskans , Kathy and I are extremely proud of her .
We just want to let you know that Sarah “ Barracuda ” Palin is a straight shooting , hard charging , get it done gal .
She knows when to listen , how to analyze the facts and how to make a decision , then implement the plan .
She does n’t do a poll before jumping in with both feet like too many of the Washington types .
She has little legislative experience because she has always held the EXECUTIVE position ; in private life , as mayor of Anchorage ‘s largest bedroom community or more recently as Governor of our State .
She is a smart , attractive home grown Alaska girl with excellent moral and family values .
She can see what needs to be done and does not hesitate to get it done .
One of our State ’s major problems is that its Capital is in Juneau , 500 miles from the nearest road and 800 air miles from the population base which is Anchorage , Wasilla and Fairbanks .
Our legislature and most of the State government is in Juneau and they ALL behave like a bunch of freshmen in a college town .
It has been this way since Statehood in 1959 .
When Sarah moved to Juneau , so did accountability and responsibility
When the oil revenue started flowing and a barrel of North Slope Crude hit $ 23.00 , these people began spending money like drunken sailors .
You can only imagine what was happening when oil hit $ 100.00 a barrel , about the time Sarah took command .
My wife Kathy has first - hand experience with this fiasco , as her father and also her ex-husband were Alaska Legislators who served in Juneau as Senators , Senate President , or members of the State House for a combined period spanning nearly three decades .
About the time Sarah took the HELM as Governor of Alaska , about half of the State legislature was in the pocket of big oil companies or contractors doing big projects for Native Corporations around Alaska , all funded by State oil revenue .
Alaska government was nothing but a good old boys club riding the perpetual wave of prosperity .
This filtered down from the legislature , through the Department of Natural Resources , Department of Labor and even spilled in to the Public Safety who are supposed to “ preserve and protect ” .
[ Remainder of letter here . ]
Another entry , attributed only to an “ Alaskan ” named “ Jackie S. ” ( we have n’t yet determined the author ’s true identity ) , cast Governor Palin as an environmentally unfriendly “ redneck ” :
As an Alaskan , I am writing to give all of you some information on Sarah Palin , Senator McCain ’s choice for VP .
As an Alaska voter , I know more than most of you about her and , frankly , I am horrified that he picked her .
As an Alaskan , I am writing to give all of you some information on Sarah Palin , Senator McCain ’s choice for VP .
As an Alaska voter , I know more than most of you about her and , frankly , I am horrified that he picked her .
The most accurate description of her is redneck .
Her husband works in the oil fields of Prudhoe Bay and races snow mobiles .
She is a life time member of the NRA and has worked tirelessly to allow indiscriminate
hunting of wildlife in Alaska , particularly wolves and bears .
She has spent millions of Alaska state dollars on aerial hunting of these predators from helicopters and airplanes , dollars that should have been spent , for example , on Alaska ’s failing school system .
We have the lowest rate of high school graduation in the country .
Not all of you may think aerial predator hunting is so bad , but how anyone ( other than Alaska
wolf - haters , of which there are many , most without teeth ) , could think this use of funds is appropriate is beyond me .
If you want to know more about the aerial hunting travesty , let me know and I will send some links to informative web sites .
She has been a strong supporter of increased use of fossil fuels , yet the McCain campaign has the nerve to say she has “ green ” policies .
The only thing green about Sarah Palin is her lack of experience .
She has
consistently supported drilling in ANWR , use of coal - burning power plants ( as I write this , a new coal plant is being built in her home town of Wasilla ) , strip mining , and almost anything else that will unnecessarily
exploit the diminishing resources of Alaska and destroy its environment .
[ Remainder of letter here . ]
Last updated : 13 September 2008
Sources :
Schultz , Susy .
“ Alaska Resident Writes About VP Nominee Palin . ”
The [ Illinois ] Daily Journal .
4 September 2008 .
White , Rindi .
“ Palin Asked Wasilla Librarian About Censoring Books . ”
Anchorage Daily News . 4 September 2008 .
The Nation .
“ The Word from Wasilla . ”
CREECH AIR FORCE BASE , Nevada ( CNN ) --
From a desert outpost northwest of Las Vegas , elite fighter pilots journey to a war zone in Afghanistan , some 7,500 miles away .
The Air Force 's new unmanned bomber , the " Reaper , " commutes from Nevada to Afghanistan .
It might be the world 's longest commute , except that these armchair pilots at Creech Air Force Base in Nevada never leave the air - conditioned comfort of their command center .
Air Force pilots are employing remotely controlled fighter - bomber aircraft -- known in military parlance as unmanned aerial vehicles , or UAVs -- to fly combat missions over Afghanistan , hunting for insurgents bent on undermining Afghan President Hamid Karzai 's fragile government .
This is the future of aerial combat .
Sitting in a virtual cockpit is not as exciting as flying a fighter jet , but unmanned attack - plane pilots can enjoy a normal workday schedule -- more or less .
Watch the Reaper at work »
" Seeing bad guys on the screen and watching them possibly get dispatched , and then going down to the Taco Bell for lunch , it 's kind of surreal , " says Captain Matt Dean .
The original drone was the " Predator , " armed with a pair of Hellfire missiles .
It was followed by its bigger and far more lethal cousin , " the Reaper , " which carries four times as much firepower .
The Reaper can carry the same bomb load as an F - 16 fighter plane , but its pilots are not put in harm 's way .
The Air Force once employed jerry - rigged missiles strapped to unmanned spy planes .
Now military commanders see remotely piloted aircraft as the model for the way future wars will be fought .
The Situation Room Jamie McIntryre reports on future of aerial combat .
Today , 6 pm ET see full schedule »
For over a year , Reapers have been flying two separate round - the - clock patrols over eastern Afghanistan , controlled from the Creech AFB command center , which has been strictly off - limits to the media until now .
Reaper pilots so far this year have launched 64 missiles and dropped seven 500 - pound bombs in Afghanistan .
Originally a spy plane , the Predator was converted to a strike aircraft shortly after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the Pentagon and World Trade Center .
Air Force technicians strapped two Hellfire missiles -- one under each wing -- and turned the unarmed " surveillance platform " into a remote - controlled killing machine .
By the weekend following September 11 , the Predator 's operators believe they had Taliban leader Mullah Omar in their sights , but never got the authorization to pull the trigger .
Nonetheless , from that experience a new strategy was born -- one of employing an increasing fleet of armed , unmanned aircraft .
Unmanned spy planes have always provided an unblinking eye in the sky , but now they offer untiring combat capability , too .
The pilots stay safe and rotate in shifts to prevent fatigue , guiding incredibly lightweight planes that can stay aloft for more than a day at a time .
Even after some 30 hours of flying time , upkeep of UAVs is minimal when compared with that of F - 16s .
" Sometimes it 's a matter of putting gas in it and it goes right back up , " says Master Sgt. Aaron Hauser , who oversees daily maintenance of the Predator fleet at Creech .
" It 's a far simpler aircraft to maintain , and that 's the whole point . "
The success of this new concept of aerial power has created a huge demand for the aircraft .
Every commander wants one , but there are n't nearly enough to go around .
But not for long : the Air Force is shifting its budget toward buying dozens more remote - controlled killer Reapers .
All About U.S. Air Force • Military Aircraft Technology • Afghanistan War
Un rôle important dans vendredi , mais aussi dans le goût final du pain joue la qualité et l’origine de la farine .
Un autre pain est cuit avec de la farine blanche , un autre avec de la farine de maïs , et un autre avec de la farine grossière ou avec κρίθινο .
Aujourd ’hui , il est généralement très à ajouter à la farine commune , l’avoine , le seigle , le son , l’orge , le sarrasin , mais aussi diverses épices ou μυριστικά , transformant le pain nous pressant à quelque chose de spécial .
Cependant , ces pains ne coïncident pas toujours avec notre nourriture , alors je vous conseille de penser d’abord à ce que vous allez les servir , puis de les préparer , afin d’évaluer comment ils le méritent .
Pour beaucoup , la meilleure farine pour le pain provient du blé tendre , d’autres préfèrent la farine de seigle , d’orge , de maïs , d’avoine ou de sarrasin .
Aujourd ’hui , bien sûr , sur le marché de la trouver et de la farine de soja , πατατάλε υρο , farine de riz , χαρουπάλευρο , ρεβιθάλε υρο , farine de riz , farine de manioc ( κασ σ άβα ς ) et bien d’autres .
La farine la plus typique est
La farine est faite de grains entiers , dans lequel , pendant αλευ ροποίηση ς sont protégés toutes les parties de la graine .
Il y a des grains entiers de blé mou et dur , de la farine de mouture grossière , de seigle , de la farine de mouture grossière d’orge , de la farine de mouture grossière d’avoine , de la farine de grains entiers zea ( de δίκοκκο grain ) , de la farine μονόκκοκο ( Καπλουντζά ς ) et un morceau .
Dans la farine blanche , nous nous démarquons 00 , qui est principalement utilisé pour la pizza et τσαπάτα , la farine à toutes fins de type P , le type blanc 70 % ( amidon ) et la farine de grain mou , qui est gonflé , seulement sans ajouter de poudre à pâte , adapté à toutes les utilisations ( mais pas comme pour le pain ) , la farine de blé dur , Plusieurs fois , pour le pain vendredi est Ajouté à la pâte et la semoule kraft ou semoule , ou la farine de blé jaune ( avec semoule ) .
Beaucoup préfèrent la farine sans gluten , mais aussi l ‘ amidon de maïs ( νισ ε στέ ς ) , l’ amidon de tapioca ou l ‘ amidon de pomme de terre .
UPDATE : The NY Times has corrected this story :
Editors ’ Note
An earlier version of this article cited two sources who were said to have been briefed on a conversation in which John J. Mack , chief executive of Morgan Stanley , had told Vikrim S. Pandit , Citigroup ’s chief executive , that “ we need a merger partner or we ’re not going to make it . ”
On Thursday , Morgan Stanley vigorously denied that Mr. Mack had made the comment , as did Citigroup , which had declined to comment on Wednesday .
The Times ’s two sources have since clarified their comments , saying that because they were not present during the discussions , they could not confirm that Mr. Mack had in fact made the statement .
The Times should have asked Morgan Stanley for comment and should not have used the quotation without doing more to verify the sources ’ version of events .
Seeking to avoid the kind fate that led Lehman and Bear Stearns to collapse , John J. Mack , Morgan Stanley ’s chief executive , made an unsuccessful attempt Tuesday evening to convince Citigroup chief executive Vikram S. Pandit to enter into a combination , according to people briefed on the talks .
“ We need a merger partner or we ’re not going to make it , ” Mr. Mack told Mr. Pandit , according to two people briefed on the talks .
Mr. Pandit , a former senior investment banker at Morgan Stanley , said Citigroup was not interested .
[ Citi ] is thinking of deals it can strike with consumer banks , like buying Washington Mutual out of bankruptcy , that would provide it with cheaper deposit funding .
emphasis added
This NY Times article has an explosive quote attributed to Morgan Stanley CEO John Mack : As Fears Grow , Wall St. Titans See Shares Fall Also according to the article , Mr. Mack has been complaining to regulators about short sellers spreading rumors .
If that quote is accurate , then Mr. Mack has just given short sellers plenty of ammunition .
The most powerful bite of all time has been found — that of the prehistoric giant shark Megalodon , which makes that of T. rex look puny .
The giant shark Megalodon , which means " Big Tooth " in Greek , may have grown to more than 50 feet long and weighed up to 110 tons ( 100 metric tons ) , at least 30 times as heavy as the largest of its living relatives , the great white shark .
Fossil evidence suggests Megalodon " made a living hunting and killing large whales by biting off their tails and flippers , " said researcher Stephen Wroe , a biomechanist and paleontologist at the University of New South Wales in Sydney , Australia .
The researchers used sophisticated computational techniques to analyze the bites of the great white shark and Megalodon , using the kind of software that engineers use to simulate " everything from wingnuts to bridges to space shuttles , " Wroe explained .
The 3 - D digital models that he and his colleagues developed , based on X - rays of an 8 - foot - long male great white , recreate the skull , jaws , muscles of the shark as nearly 2 million tiny connected parts .
" It takes a lot of computing power to analyze something as relatively simple as a set of jaws , since you 're dealing with all sorts of complex shapes in biology , " Wroe said .
There have been many past attempts to figure out just how powerful the bites of great whites are .
These seem to have greatly underestimated the power of these sharks , as they typically only dangled small prey in front of the predators .
" If it 's a relatively small target , and if they are at all unsure what it is they may be biting into — it might be a lump of bone or steel — then it 's highly unlikely that you 're going to see anything like their maximum bite force , " Wrote said .
It turns out the largest great whites have a bite force of up to a whopping 2 tons ( 1.8 metric tons ) .
That is more than three times that of the bite of an African lion and more than 20 times that of a human .
" It 's the biggest bite force known for any living animal so far , although it 's certainly possible that the killer whale or possibly the larger crocodiles have more powerful bites , " Wroe said .
As powerful as great whites are , it turns out their giant extinct cousins greatly surpassed them , generating six to 10 times more bite force , arguably making them the most fearsome predators to ever have lived .
In comparison , their estimates for a Tyrannosaurus rex suggest this great " tyrant lizard " was no match for the extinct shark .
The dinosaur had a maximum bite force of some 3.1 metric tons , " greater than for a living white shark , but puny compared to ' Big Tooth , ' " Wroe said .
" I have to say that I am pretty impressed with just how complex and sophisticated the feeding apparatus of the shark is , " Wroe added .
" With all the mammalian predators I 've looked at , a lot of the muscle force going into the bite is actually lost .
The shark has a much more efficient lever system going on . "
The fearsome power these hunters could bring to bear makes perfect sense given their lifestyles .
" These sharks go after large prey that can hurt them , and they 'd rather not get hurt , so they attack with a single horrendously traumatizing bite and then swim back and wait for their prey to die of blood loss , " Wroe explained .
Other creatures that may hunt with a similar approach include monitor lizards and the allosaur - like dinosaurs .
The bites of these sharks are perhaps especially remarkable , given that they do not have any bones in their skeletons , which are instead made of cartilage , the same kind of tissue making up human ears .
" Even though cartilage is vastly more elastic than bone , cartilage did not result in much lower bite force at all , maybe 5 percent or less , " Wroe said .
The very flexibility of this system could help explain why they have such effective bites , he added .
Still , pound for pound , the bites of these sharks are not especially powerful .
" Most if not all cats and a lot of dog species have more powerful bites , pound for pound , " Wroe told LiveScience .
" But because these sharks are so big , you have these giant bite forces . "
As powerful as the bites of these sharks are , their ability to inflict killer damage on their prey is most likely due to the exquisite design of their formidable teeth .
" Their teeth are very sharp , and serrated more or less like steak knives , so they do n't need that much force to puncture and tear out flesh , " Wroe explained .
" And they have a conveyer belt of these teeth — they keep on growing rows and rows of them , so the teeth fall out and are replaced well before they go blunt . "
Admittedly , " estimating the bite force in a big dead fish is a tad esoteric , " Wroe said , but the methods he and his colleagues used to analyze the jaws of these predators are now helping design better ways to reconstruct people 's faces after trauma .
" The way in which we model the jaws of a shark are exactly how we 'd model the face of a human , " Wroe explained .
Their work could also help design better shark - proof equipment .
" Large sharks actually do a considerable amount of damage to underwater communications systems , " Wroe said .
The scientists are currently investigating a wide range of living and extinct creatures , including giant marine reptiles , terror birds , extinct hominids such as Australopithecus africanus ( a close relative of modern humans ) and Paranthropus , long commonly known to anthropologists as the Nutcracker Man for its huge jaws .
" You can get amazing details about the ecology and evolution of an animal by understanding how it feeds , which is after all a very important part of what animals do , " Wroe said .
Wroe and his colleagues will detail their findings in a forthcoming issue of the Journal of Zoology .
The research was funded by the Australian Research Council , University of New South Wales Internal Strategic Initiatives and Australia and Pacific Science Foundation .
2007 Congressional Testimony Video Shows that Bush's CCR Had Gone Rogue Long Ago ...
Brad Friedman Byon 8/25/2008 , 8:00 am PT
Blogged by Brad Friedman from Boulder , CO ...
Just as I went off the grid late last week , this news came in , so some of you may be ahead of me on this one .
In either case , it 's still worth noting that GOP / DoJ vote suppressor , Hans von Spakovsky was secretly hired by Bush 's bad joke of a " Commission on Civil Rights " to oversee the '08 elections , as reported by TPMMuckraker 's Kate Klonick late last week .
While the story is mindblowing , it 's not all together surprising given the CCR 's embarrassing track record under Bush .
See the amazing flashback video of the CCR's Peter Kirsanow testifying to Congress in 2007 , as posted below after Klonick 's lede , and everything will likely make " sense " ...
As the rest of Klonick 's piece notes , the Commission tried to keep von Spakovsky 's hiring a secret .
But the wholly - compromised CCR 's love affair with the entire , phony GOP " voter fraud " scam is nothing new .
Back in 2007 , commissioner Peter Kirsanow repeated the entire White House / GOP / Thor Hearne " voter fraud " mantra , at lightning speed , and by rote , to a Congressional panel , even unabashedly naming Hearne by name ( as " Mark Hearne " ) in his testimony .
( See the stunning video of his testimony at right , as we ran it with this article in June of ' 07 . )
Kirsanow 's testimony even came after Hearne 's ACVR scam had to be shut down when the " non-partisan " GOP front group was named as being at the heart of the U.S. Attorney Purge scandal .
Did n't stop the shameless Kirsanow , of course , from proudly and publicly associating with Hearne .
Much as von Spakovsky 's track record as a vote suppressor did n't stop the laughable - were - it - not - all - so - sad Bush " Commission on Civil Rights " from giving him a job , and thousands of your tax dollars to keep up the suppression , all on a government salary and with and official " U.S. Government stamp of approval . "
A row has broken out between a supplier of secure CCTV products and a whistle blower who discovered a vulnerability with the company 's products that allowed world + dog to view static images from any camera connected to its servers .
The flaw affects
The LookC 4x4 server and Pro IX server , some of which are installed in primary and secondary schools , and requires no authentication to exploit , according to Mike Stephens , the security researcher who discovered the bug .
Vulnerable servers might be found via a simple Google search .
Live streaming feeds could be obtained from vulnerable CCTV installation simply by repeatedly pressing refresh .
Stephens said he informed LookC about the flaw on 9 September and went public with the vulnerability on 12 September , via a security advisory on his website .
He promoted the post on the Free PC Help Forums via Digg .
However following threats of police involvement Mike pulled the posts , at least temporarily .
LookC issued a statement on Friday admitting there was an issue with older versions of its product line - up but disputing the timeline of events detailed by Stephens .
A problem concerning the live image acquisition by unauthorised internet users was reported to us on 12 September 2008 .
We immediately located the bug and are currently in the process of sending out notices and fixes to our customers .
This is the first such vulnerability to be found in the LookC CCTV server products and relates to older discontinued products .
These products however are still fully supported by LookC Ltd If there are any concerned users who are not registered and have not been issued with a fix automatically please contact our main switchboard 0191 229 5720 immediately for advice and support .
The statement , issued by LookC managing director Bob Golightly , is highly critical of Stephens .
The person who highlighted the vulnerability to us also saw fit to publicise the means of hacking the LookC servers on the internet and then to log on to other blogs to point other internet users and hackers to the article .
We can only guess at the motivation behind this action but have not ruled out criminal intent .
LookC
Ltd have asked the police to look into the matter and the individual concerned .
Blimey .
Stephens could not be reached for comment in response to LookC 's threats at the time of going to press on Friday afternoon ( 19 September ) . ®
Cycling News Flash , September 9 , 2008 Edited by Sue George Armstrong 's rumoured return surprises Bruyneel and others By Bjorn Haake in Vielha Lance Armstrong in Leadville , Colorado in August
Photo © : Rob O'Dea Astana Team Director Johan Bruyneel told Cyclingnews that he is not aware of any comebacks by his former rider Lance Armstrong , who had retired from the sport in 2005 , immediately following his record - breaking seventh Tour de France win .
Armstrong is reportedly returning to the peloton to undertake a limited racing schedule for 2009 according to anonymous sources commenting at the Eurobike trade show .
Bruyneel , who used to direct the Discovery Channel Racing Team captained by Armstrong , had heard the comeback rumours , but could not confirm them .
" I do n't know where the rumours come from .
Maybe [ they arise ] because Lance recently finished second in a 160 km mountain bike race ?
He has been training for it and he is in good shape . "
" I 'd be lying if I said I did n't miss the camaraderie of a team .
Guys like George [ Hincapie ] and of course Johan were really important parts of the whole day - to - day set up , " Armstrong had told Cyclingnews in July .
In August , Armstrong completed the Leadville 100 , a 100 - mile mountain bike race in Colorado .
He finished second behind Dave Wiens .
Since his retirement from professional road racing , Armstrong has completed the New York marathon in both 2006 and 2007 .
Both years , he recorded times under three hours .
Bruyneel was impressed that his former star has remained competitive , but he was n't surprised by his solid performances on foot and on a mountain bike .
" Champions are like that , they are always competitive .
No matter if it 's a game of cards or a tennis match , they always want to win , " said Bruyneel .
" He is competitive in everything he does , even a bike ride with friends . "
Citing an example of the competitive fire that still burns after top racers retire , Bruyneel went on to recall an occasion during which his compatriot Eddy Merckx got mad after losing a football game organized at the time to benefit Bruyneel 's recovery from a broken back at the time he was still racing .
Former team - mate Levi Leipheimer , presently racing for Astana at the Vuelta a Espa�a , also could also not confirm Armstrong 's rumoured return to the peloton - possibly to Astana for 2009 .
" I do n't think so , " said Leipheimer of the chances of Armstrong returning to mix it up with the pros .
Previous News Next News
( All rights reserved / Copyright Future Publishing ( Overseas ) Limited 2008 )
Exclusive to STR
September 11 , 2008
Make no mistake , the United States will hunt down and punish those responsible for these cowardly acts .
~ President George W. Bush , September 11 , 2001
I can be a rather petty individual .
I 'm far too introspective for my own good , meaning that I can get bogged down in my own problems pretty easily .
Tuesday morning September 11 , 2001 was just such a day .
By about 10:30 or so , I was already in a foul mood for a reason I can no longer remember .
Then my boss called us all into the training room for a quick meeting .
I slouched over to the door of the room to hear him say that we could go home if we wanted .
I thought he was referring to the fact that one of our computer systems was malfunctioning , and continued to gripe to myself that this will not apply to me , as I was not using that system for my workload at the time .
In a few moments , that thought would seem very self - pitying and trivial , indeed .
Seconds later as I raced out the door to my car , speeding to my sister 's house to get to a television , the voices of the DJs on the radio stations in the New York area were strangely altered .
DJs all sound the same , so it was horrifying to me to hear them talking slightly faster and in a somewhat higher register than normal .
The calm , sunny surroundings did n't seem to help much , as they made the day so much more surreal .
There are a lot of details I remember .
So do you .
We do n't need to rehash them all .
To do so is little more than prurient at this point .
So I will mention just one more before I tell you what I have to get off my chest .
Every day after work , for the next several months , I would pass by a house close to my apartment complex where an enterprising individual had hastily spray - painted a sign , which he placed against some bushes outside his home .
The sign simply said , from one day to the next , " Day 12 " ... " Day 13 " ... " Day 14 " ...
That 's how everyone felt who drove by the sign .
I went just as nationalistic as the rest of them .
I envy now the level - headedness of Internet writers who understood then what was happening behind the deadly , bloody theater to which the rest of us succumbed .
I am ashamed of being so naïve , and for so long afterward .
The money I 've given to put band - aids on the subsequent wars does n't begin to cover my shame for supporting the initial bloodlust .
And I hope I 'm writing to readers who are intelligent enough to remember exactly where that bloodlust was directed .
If you had n't known his name prior to 9/11 , you surely know it now : Osama bin Laden .
The media have been desperate ever since to paint him out to be as dangerous as Hitler .
The Germans of a few decades ago made it terribly easy , with that ancient , bizarre , freakish symbol reminiscent of a Ninja star , given a frightening new context in stark , lurid colors of red and black ; that robotic salute accompanied by equally disturbing goose - stepping ; the frenzied hiss of adoring thousands chanting , " Sieg ! Heil ! "
But the ragtag look of Middle Eastern terrorists does n't provoke the same level of fear as an ideology that has given Hollywood and political pundits alike so much material to work with .
The unprecedented disintegration of three steel - framed New York skyscrapers in midair , and in seconds , gave bin Laden 's image as our national nemesis a much - needed boost .
He then became the subject of the Two Minutes Hate that politicians always need when they 've taken care of the last one .
With the Cold War being over , and Russia revealed to be a sorry rival after the implosion of the Soviet Union , 9/11 gave the political class exactly what it craved .
However , as I mentioned earlier , the calm , rational minds of libertarianism , if they had been heeded , would have helped to give us the pause that was necessary in the immediate aftermath of those desperate hours .
With carnage that is now too late to stop , or to even reduce in spite of the increasing unpopularity of this war , a logically - thinking austerity is needed now more than ever .
What I am about to share with you takes just such emotional restraint , if you can manage it , and if so , please feel free to share your well - reasoned arguments with me .
As we all know , 9/11 is rife with conspiracy theories , many of them not welcome , at least in the eyes of the mainstream media .
I do not wish to foray into them here , for many reasons , not the least of which is because STR 's editor does not care to delve into them either .
I would like to take you , instead , into the heart of our government itself :
The FBI 's own website , so you can see what I see .
Here , at the bottom of the FBI 's front page , you will see a link in small - sized font for " Most Wanted Terrorists . "
If the webpage to which it links has n't changed since I wrote this ( and it seldom does ) , the link will take you to a page where , of course , the first picture you see is of bin Laden .
However , before clicking on that link , just take a look at the introduction at the top of the page .
I have read and re-read these paragraphs many times over the last two years , and the text remains the same : terrorists indicted in grand juries , blah blah blah , rewards will be given , etc. , etc .
There is one phrase , however , that sticks out like a sore thumb :
" Future indictments may be handed down as various investigations proceed in connection to other terrorist incidents , for example , the terrorist attacks on September 11 , 2001 . "
Forgive me if I am wrong , but was n't the point of invading Afghanistan in October , 2001 to overthrow the Taliban , for giving aid and support to Al Qaeda , who carried out the attacks of 9/11 , under the direction of bin Laden ?
Can someone please name an investigation into 9/11 that is still ongoing ?
How about a single grand jury ?
Surely , the link to bin Laden 's bio will explain more .
Except there is n't much information on this page , either .
It mentions the terrorist bombings of US embassies in Africa , and " other terrorist attacks throughout the world . "
Pray tell , would one of these " other " terrorist attacks be 9/11 ?
If so , is there a reason this particular attack is not mentioned by name ?
If not , why not ?
Does it have to do with the " ongoing investigations " mentioned on the previous page ?
I 'm sure you can see where I 'm going with this .
And in so doing , people with similar questions are often branded as nutcases .
Holocaust deniers .
Doubters of the moon landing .
Kooks with one too many guns living in trailers in the Ozarks or the Intermountain West .
But this is n't my webpage .
It 's the government 's webpage .
The same government that warns us all not to indulge " outrageous conspiracy theories . "
The same benevolent government that passed this law .
Call these questions my own petty , self - indulgent concerns , but for me , they wo n't go away .
Each link on this mental chain is clearly linked to the next .
If these webpages do not show a single terrorist wanted in connection with 9/11 , then did we get them all ?
If we did , then why are we still doing what we 're doing in the Middle East , and why the ongoing investigations ?
If the people who had a hand in incinerating ordinary people ( who were probably just as fed up with their boring office jobs as I am with mine ) have all been killed and / or captured , then why the government and media mantras condemning bin Laden ?
Here 's another series of links in the chain :
If investigations are still ongoing into the 9/11 attacks , then were the reports about bin Laden 's involvement mere speculation ?
If so , then would n't the attacks on Afghanistan and Iraq be considered rather severe distractions from ongoing investigations , and an improper use of much - needed federal funds ?
Should these divergent US Military interventions be called war crimes ?
Is that a legitimate assessment , if the information on this page ( or missing from this page ) is accurate ?
Or am I just making too much of the FBI 's little webpage for bin Laden ?
Should it not bother me , then , that the FBI mentions attacks that happened on foreign soil in specificity on this page , but not the worst terrorist attack that happened in our own country ?
Is n't the FBI supposed to be more concerned about what happens in America , to Americans ?
Is n't that the ostensible purpose for an FBI ?
Am I asking too many questions ?
I think not .
I did n't ask enough questions after that day .
I went blindly along .
Far more than 3,000 people are now dead .
Seven years have gone by .
The Two Minutes Hate has been suspended for the duration of the ridiculous charade of a presidential election .
Prior to this election , it had already become mere fodder for late night talk show humor , and little else .
Osama bin Laden is a tad worse than an annoying celebrity .
To American eyes , he looks silly in that hat and beard .
Images of office workers falling thousands of feet to their deaths no longer have the same shock value .
And the FBI 's webpage for bin Laden sits there , glaring at me and only me , I suppose .
This is what makes me a crackpot whack - job .
A 9/11 " Troother . "
Simply because I have a few questions about a few things the government has told us that do n't add up .
Perhaps I 'm making too much of all of this .
Chalk it up to my pettiness over my own personal problems .
Tom orrow , after all , is Day 2,558 .
Maybe the FBI will find some time to update their Two Minutes Hate by then .
Perhaps some military commandos will snatch bin Laden as well .
If these things do in fact happen tomorrow , will any of you feel any better about what I 've just shown you ?
With the end of the Olympics in Beijing , all eyes turned for a moment to London , site of the upcoming 2012 Summer Olympics .
While looking for good photographs of London , I was contacted by London photographer Jason Hawkes , who had some wonderful images of London , seen from above at night ( from a helicopter , to be exact ) - some of which which he 's agreed to let me share here .
From Jason : " Shooting aerial photography during the daytime had its own difficulties , you are strapped tightly into a harness leaning out of the helicopter , shouting directions through the headsets to the pilot .
If shooting in the day can be difficult , night and the lack of light causes its own set of problems , but overcoming them is half the fun and the results can be stunning .
I shoot at night using the very latest digital cameras , mounted on either one or two gyro stablazied mounts , depending on the format of the camera and length of lens I 'm having to use . " ( 19 photos total
BRASILIA , Sept 28 ( Reuters ) - Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva blamed the United States for the global financial crisis and said its financial bailout plan was unfair to poor people .
U.S. lawmakers on Sunday were set to sign off on a deal to create a $ 700 billion government fund to buy bad debt from ailing banks in a bid to stem a credit crisis threatening the global economy .
“ They want to help the banks and not help the poor , ” Lula said late on Saturday in Sao Paulo during a campaign rally ahead of Oct. 5 municipal elections .
“ Why give $ 700 billion to the banks and no money to the poor guys who lost their houses , ” Lula asked , according to local media .
He referred to the troubled U.S. housing market .
The former factory worker , who obtained record approval ratings this month , said the United States had the primary responsibility to fix a crisis with global repercussions that it had caused .
“ I ’m not at fault if they turned their economy into a casino , ” Lula said in reference to accusations that lax U.S. financial regulations worsened the crisis .
Brazil was in a better position to withstand the crisis than it was years ago , the former union leader said .
“ I do n’t want to say we ’re at ease but ... today we depend less on the United States for our exports , ” Lula said .
Brazil ’s economy is growing by more than 5 percent annually but is expected to slow to around 4 percent growth next year .
A few Brazilian exporters announced last week large derivatives losses related to currency fluctuations caused by the global financial crisis .
( Reporting by Raymond Colitt ; Editing by Doina Chiacu )
“ People were reporting ‘ comets . ’
But they were clearly not comets from the descriptions .
People were reporting bright flying objects and said the aerial objects were spraying gas , which they called ‘ mists ’ that caused the Black Death . ”
- William Bramley , Atty. , The Gods of Eden
Click here for Earthfiles podcast .
August 22 , 2008 Modesto , California -
Every once in awhile , there is a book that grabs the mind as revelation .
In my life , one such book is The Gods of Eden by William Bramley , first published in 1989 .
William Bramley was then 36 - years - old , an older student in law school at Santa Clara University in California .
Between high school graduation and law school , he had gotten a Bachelor of Arts degree in sociology because he was always fascinated by the political and war dynamics of human societies .
But he needed to earn a practical living for his family and worked in hotel management for fifteen years .
Finally , in his decision to go to law school , he also started a book about a question that had always troubled him : why does humanity war so much ?
HOUSTON —
For the second time in two weeks , a powerful hurricane is forcing oil companies to shut down major production and refining facilities , driving up gasoline prices in the United States even as the price of oil continues to slide on global markets .
As Texas leaders ordered mandatory evacuations along the coast , oil companies on Thursday decided to shut down or curtail operations in as many as half of the state ’s 26 refineries .
Energy experts predicted that as much as 15 percent of the nation ’s refining capacity would be knocked out for a week or more if Hurricane Ike produced major flooding and power failures .
Meteorologists are forecasting that the hurricane could make landfall early Saturday morning just south of Galveston , Tex. , as a strong Category 3 storm , potentially putting industry headquarters in Houston , vital port facilities and six or more major refineries near the eye of the storm .
“ We ’re concerned about wind , we ’re concerned about storm surge and we ’re concerned about our ability to get our employees evacuated , ” said Bill Day , a spokesman for Valero Energy , which is shutting down at least two Texas refineries .
The company had just succeeded in getting a Louisiana refinery back online after it was knocked out by Hurricane Gustav , which tore through that part of the country on Labor Day weekend .
Battleships and Hashi interactive puzzle games launched by Conceptis
Two new interactive Flash games with Battleships and Hashi puzzles were released on conceptispuzzles.com .
The two new games join Pic - a - Pix , Link - a - Pix , Fill - a - Pix , Sudoku and Kakuro interactive games which have been available since the new website was launched in mid May .
Battleships and Hashi interactive are feature - rich gaming applications seamlessly integrated into Conceptis ’ interactive puzzling platform .
Thus , common features such as save , print ( including resize and multi- page ) , zoom in / out , undo / redo and check solution operate same way as in all other games .
The new Battleships and Hashi also support Conceptis ' recently released save - on - server feature , making conceptispuzzles.com a unique gaming portal which allows saving interactive logic puzzles on a server .
Puzzle fans can now solve , save and resume puzzles regardless of where they are located or which computer they are using .
Stay tuned for more upcoming news about the new save - on - server feature .
Useful puzzle specific features
In addition to the common features , Battleships and Hashi provide useful optional preferences allowing users to customize game play and enjoy the games even more .
A few examples are ' Auto complete row / column ' and ' Auto surround ships with water ' in Battleships , and ' Show allowed bridge directions ' and ' highlight bridge segments ' in Hashi .
Syndication widgets for sharing interactive Kakuro , Battleships and Hashi puzzles on your blog or website will soon be added to the Syndication page .
Meanwhile , please feel free to play the two sample puzzles on the right side of this story and join the discussion in the forum .
For more information see the Help page and other related resources below .
Related resources
Like and share
" CD Baby makes it super easy to drop a worldwide release on your own schedule .
The user interface is simple and the terms are great .
The best part is when you see an email with the sales statement .
Then you know the music is making an impact on people . "
— Aloe Blacc , singer - songwriter , record producer
It looks like Joe Williams has put together the first St. Louis Erlounge event , scheduled for September 11th .
An “ Erlounge ” is a group for Erlang enthusiasts .
Erlang , of course , is the concurrency - oriented functional language developed by Ericsson that has been enjoying a bit of a surge in interest lately due to some high - profile successes at places like Facebook , Delicious , the ejabberd Jabber server , etc .
So , if you ’re interested in learning what Erlang is or if you ’re already using Erlang , it should be a fun group to join .
Personally , I ’m just learning a bit of Erlang for fun on the side and I ’m looking forward to talking about it with others .
I get asked to review all sorts of crazy personal finance books , plans , programs , and schemes all the time , ranging from the reasonable to the completely outlandish .
For the most part , all of these programs share more or less the same content .
Get your spending under control , call up your creditors and negotiate lower rates ( or in some cases a balance reduction ) , adopt a very strong debt repayment plan , and kick it in the teeth .
A few of the programs involve some legal manuevering in which you attempt to buy your bad debt from the creditor ( and then obviously dismiss it ) , but the legal gamesmanship there is murky , dealing with legal nuances that are far from clearly explained .
This is the meat and potatoes of personal finance , and it ’s pretty much true across the board .
Spend less than you earn and get rid of bad debt and plan for the future .
Most of it boils down to nuances of those two statements – earn more , spend less , pay off debt , invest , and so on .
In truth , the big difference between most personal finance books , programs , and other materials is in how they ’re packaged .
Dave Ramsey ’s stuff is packaged in the guise of a straight - talking Christian .
Suze Orman paints the picture of a successful career woman dispensing this advice .
Jim Cramer plays the role of exciting enthusiast .
David Bach plays the role of the “ friendly teacher ” who tries to make something complicated into something simple .
And you also have the people that use other methods to convince you .
Kevin Trudeau , for instance , plays the role of the insider who is letting you in on “ secrets ” ( often making over the top and potentially false claims along the way ) – and that appeals to some people .
Here ’s the truth : almost all of these programs work .
They all deliver most of the same information , they all agree on the basic principles , and they all offer a program that will get you into a better financial place .
The only real difference between most of them is in minor details – and in how they ’re presented .
That ’s really it – the little details and the presentation .
So how do I pick the best program if they ’re all largely the same ?
Here ’s where the library plays to your advantage .
If you ’re stuck in a financial hole and need help digging your way out of it , head down to your local library .
They have a mountain of books and workbooks on personal finance topics .
Dig through several of them and find the one with a voice that clicks for you .
It might be the Christian - edged straight shooting of Dave Ramsey .
It might be the liberal themes of Your Money or Your Life .
You might find what you need in the strong “ coach ” voice of Larry Winget .
Your local library is the place to find out what works for you .
When you do find the right one for you , though , it can be worth your money to buy that program for your own use .
That ’s so you can get away with writing notes in the margins , underlining key pieces , filling in the blanks in workbooks , and so on .
For me , it happened to be Your Money or Your Life that clicked when I needed it , though I found Dave Ramsey ’s material to be influential , too .
I found it by realizing I was in financial trouble , going down to the library , checking out a pile of personal finance books , and reading through them until I found one that really made sense for me .
If you ’re worried about your personal finance situation , do n’t run down to your bookstore and pick up a book for help .
Instead , read the free articles that are out there and hit the local library .
Then , if you find a book or a program that really clicks for you , then buy it for your own long - term use .
Vala Reference Manual
Vala is a high level programming language that produces binaries for the native platform .
The binaries maintain the C Application Binary Interface ( ABI ) and can be built as either an application or a library .
The Vala Reference Manual gives details on Vala 's syntax and type system , including polymorphism using interfaces and type parameters ( generics ) .
Vala includes additional code generation routines , for example D - Bus inter- process communication and GTK+3 composite templates , these are only referred to in the Attributes section .
The reference manual does not provide a tutorial for these features .
Vala is developed in a collaborative and self - supporting way by its users .
They provide bug reports , documentation , patches , patch reviews and core development .
Following this model of development the manual has an editable version at https://wiki.gnome.org/Projects/Vala/Manual .
Parents of children with autism are calling on researchers to test an unproven and controversial new treatment option .
Andrea Conte is the mother of 8 - year - old triplets – Louis , Sam and Thomas .
For Sam and Thomas , who have been diagnosed with autism , even small tasks can be difficult .
“ The struggle is so hard every day , ” Conte said .
However , Conte said that lately , it 's been getting easier with the help of alternative therapies , including an unproven treatment called chelation .
The children are given a drug that binds to metals in their blood and flushes them out .
“ Some of the metals coming out of their body , especially the lead , were just off the charts , ” Conte said .
Chelation has long been used to treat lead poisoning , but now some are applying it to autism on the basis of a theory that metals , including mercury from vaccines , contribute to the condition .
“ Verbal skills are the first that we see ( and ) improvements in eye contact , cooperation , ” pediatrician Dr. Giuseppina Feingold said .
The strongest dose of chelation is administered through intravenous therapy , but it can also be given orally or through a cream .
Chelation is a relatively new treatment and is very controversial .
Insurance does not cover it .
Dr. Barry Kosofsky , a New York neurologist , believes potential side effects like rashes and blood complications are not worth the risk .
“ These desperate parents will take money that they often do n't have to spend on such therapies , which are experimental at best and likely not to work , ” Kosofsky said .
Still , Conte insists she has seen real improvement and that is better than nothing .
More On This
This is the LGF Pages posting bookmarklet .
To use it , drag this button to your browser 's bookmark bar , and title it ' LGF Pages ' ( or whatever you like ) .
Then browse to a site you want to post , select some text on the page to use for a quote , click the bookmarklet , and the Pages posting window will appear with the title , text , and any embedded video or audio files already filled in , ready to go .
Or ... you can just click this button to open the Pages posting window right away .
Last updated : 2016-01-01 10:29 am PST
Our Purpose
We believe that a well designed balcony is a great way for apartment communities everywhere to increase their happiness and enjoy urban living to the full .
You know the challenges that apartment living can bring – space , light , privacy and the rest .
However , we have found so many amazing people with great ideas to overcome those challenges !
The big question , especially if you are new to this way of living , is where do you start ?
One of the best ways we keep happy is by doing things for other people .
And so , we have set out to improve the lives of those who choose to live a little nearer to the sky .
The purpose of Skize is to create an online community that will co-ordinate all the ways to benefit from a balcony lifestyle and make them available to apartment dwellers everywhere .
Simple and clear , in one place , for whenever you need it .
Learn more about Skize
During a press briefing at LinuxWorld today in San Francisco , IBM announced a new partnership with Red Hat , Novell , and Canonical to offer " Microsoft - free " personal computers with IBM 's Lotus Notes and Lotus Symphony software .
The goal is to provide a preintegrated stack that can serve as a complete alternative to Windows and Microsoft Office .
IBM hopes that disillusionment with Vista and uncertainty about Microsoft 's long - term roadmap will create an opening for Linux to emerge as a stronger contender in the desktop market .
The Linux and Lotus bundle will give consumers a low - cost desktop productivity option that is built around open standards from the ground up .
IBM 's Jeff Smith describes the desktop as " one of the last bastions of proprietary technology " and notes that it is " disproportionately dominated by one vendor . "
He says that IBM aims to change that and he believes " bring[ing ] openness and choice to the client and desktop side of the [ IT ] environment is one of the next things to explode in the march for Linux . "
Improvements in desktop Linux usability and broader support for interoperability with Windows client systems in mixed environments are making Linux an increasingly viable option , IBM contends .
Another major factor is growing awareness of the need for open technologies and open standards .
The Linux vendors will deploy IBM's Lotus - based open collaboration client software in preinstalled configurations through various hardware distribution channels .
Canonical will also be offering the software through its software repositories .
Unseating Microsoft 's desktop dominance is not something that will happen overnight , but efforts to provide preintegrated open alternatives could accelerate Linux adoption and make software freedom a practical choice for some businesses and home computer users .
With friends like these ...
In football , all it takes is one offsides penalty and the entire offensive plan can fall apart .
It 's the same thing in politics .
Everyone can be ' on message , ' but one little error can derail the campaign for a day , a week , or for its entirety .
Just think back to two weeks ago , when the McCain campaign got tired of answering the " how thoroughly was Sarah Palin vetted " question , or just last week when the Obama campaign got disgusted with the " pigs on a lipstick " questions .
There are plenty of land mines out there .
Since hockey is all the rage these days with the addition of the GOP 's favorite hockey Mom as the vice presidential nominee , the McCain staff today performed a hat trick ( warning : mixed metaphors ahead ) .
First , one McCain staffer pulls an Al Gore ( claiming to invent something really big ) and second , another McCain staffer pulls a Joe Biden ( claiming someone is n't the best qualified ) – twice .
Strike one
How about a claim that John McCain invented the BlackBerry ?
McCain 's economic adviser , Doug Holtz - Eakin , held a conference call this morning apparently forgetting that if you make a grandiose invention claim you just might be the subject of ridicule .
No matter .
The adviser blazed ahead and claimed John McCain was partly responsible for inventing the popular PDA .
Holding up his BlackBerry , campaign adviser Holtz - Eakin announced , " Telecommunications of the United States is a premier innovation in the past 15 years – comes right through the Commerce Committee – so you 're looking at the miracle John McCain helped create and that 's what he did . "
No he did n't , said Matt McDonald , another campaign aide .
How to defuse the " controversy ? "
Throw the economic adviser to the wolves .
" He [ McCain ] would not claim to be the inventor or anything , much less the BlackBerry , " McDonald said .
" This was obviously a boneheaded joke by a staffer . "
So funny was the joke , according to McDonald , McCain himself was laughing about it .
Mmm-hmmmm .
Strike two
In the meantime , another McCain strategist – the co-chair of the McCain presidential campaign Carly Fiorina – also got in the swing of things .
Fiorina was appearing on a St. Louis radio station when the host asked , " Do you think she [ Palin ] has the experience to run a major company , like Hewlett Packard ? "
" No , I do n't , " responded Fiorina .
" But you know what ?
That 's not what she 's running for . "
Strike three
Then in a weird attempt to clarify what she meant , Fiorina in a separate interview said that John McCain was n't qualified to run a corporation either .
Then she clarified the clarification .
" I do n't think Barack Obama could run a major corporation , " she said .
" I do n't think Joe Biden could .
But it is not the same as being the president or vice president of the United States .
It is a fallacy to suggest that the country is like a company , so of course , to run a business , you have to have a lifetime of experience in business , but that 's not what Sarah Palin , John McCain , Barack Obama or Joe Biden are doing . "
Softballs
Did the Obama campaign respond ?
The mouthpieces were not asleep at the wheel .
On the BlackBerry issue , Obama spokesman Bill Burton offered , " If John McCain had n't said that the fundamentals of our economy are strong on the day of one of our nation 's worst financial crises , the claim that he invented the Blackberry would have been the most preposterous thing said all week . "
On Fiorina 's statement , Obama spokesman Tommy Vietor said , " If John McCain 's top economic advisor does n't think he can run a corporation , how on earth can he run the largest economy in the world in the midst of a financial crisis ? "
Outside of that , it was a great day for the McCain campaign ...
Published in : Google Chrome
This may be just another coincidence but there are some elements that seem to be common between the logo designs of Google Chrome and that of ThinkFree .
It ’s not the official Thinkfree logo but is part of the installer that ships with the desktop version of Thinkfree Office 3 .
Other illustrations hint that the inspiration for Google Chrome logo may have come from Simon and Pokemon .
Am sure these all are mere coincidences but the Thinkfree designers probably are n’t too happy about this and have made a ‘ parody ’ video on how the Google Chrome logo was designed .
Surprise GOP Speaker at Dem Convention : Jim Leach
On the last day of campaigning before the 2002 midterm elections , President Bush visited Cedar Rapids , Iowa to show his support for Republican candidates and was joined by Iowa Rep. Jim Leach .
( AP /J. Scott Applewhite )
UPDATED 7:41 p.m. ET : The Democratic National Convention Committee ( DNCC ) and the Obama for America campaign have confirmed that former Rep. Jim Leach ( R - Iowa ) will speak Monday , the opening night of the convention , themed " One Nation . "
But Leach wo n't be the only Republican to address the convention : Fairbanks Alaska Mayor Jim
Whitaker will take to the podium Tuesday evening to offer his take on " Renewing America 's Promise . "
ORIGINAL POST
DENVER -- Just as the Republican Convention will showcase Sen . Joe Lieberman , Democrats have found their own former party rival to deliver a prime - time speech here at the Democratic National Convention : Jim Leach , the former GOP congressman from Iowa who has endorsed Barack Obama for president .
Leach is scheduled to speak at 10 p.m. ET
Monday , the opening night of the convention , according to a copy of the official lineup of convention speakers obtained by The Sleuth .
He 's sandwiched somewhere between Michelle Obama 's brother , Craig Robinson , and Caroline Kennedy , who will be delivering a tribute to her ailing uncle , Sen. Edward Kennedy ( D - Mass . ) , who has brain cancer .
Leach , 65 , made a surprise announcement on Aug. 12 that he was crossing party lines to endorse Obama , saying , " This is simply not a time for politics as usual . "
On that day , he and former GOP senator Lincoln Chafee of Rhode Island , among others , announced the formation of Republicans for Obama .
The Democratic National Convention has n't yet announced that the former Republican congressman will be speaking from the podium and he he is n't yet listed on the public schedule .
Leach , a moderate who was first elected to the House in 1976 , served for three decades until he was defeated by a Democrat in 2006 .
His prominent role could be a bit of a sore subject with the Clinton crowd .
During the Clinton administration , Leach , who was then chairman of the House Banking Committee , launched an investigation into President and Mrs. Clinton 's investment in the Whitewater land deal .
At least Leach wo n't be speaking on the same night as Sen. Clinton .
She is scheduled to speak at the convention late Tuesday night , while her husband , Bill Clinton , is slated to give his address Wednesday at 9:30 pm ET .
Having a car on campus can be a pain .
First of all , there ’s the cost , especially considering the high cost of gas–plus insurance , maintenance , and parking fees .
In addition , on many campuses , parking can be a serious pain .
When I taught at Indiana University , where the parking situation was horrible , students regularly worked in the price of parking tickets into their annual budget !
And even if having a car is n’t a pain , these days people are becoming more and more aware of the environmental costs of driving .
So here ’s a solution that some college campuses are implementing : the Zip Car !
This is a car students ( and others on campus ) can rent for an hourly or daily fee .
The price of the rental includes gas and insurance , and usually a prime parking space on campus .
This way , students can have a car to run errands , get away for the evening , or to make a short visit home –without the hassle of keeping a car on campus .
By implementing the Zip Car program , colleges and universities hope to reduce the number of cars on campus , along with the corresponding traffic and parking issues .
Here ’s a very informative news segment about the Zip Car .
Posted on August 14th , 2008 by Naomi
Posted in Campus Life | 1 Comment »
WELCOME TO THE REFORMATION ONLINE — THE MOST TIMELY
AND TRUTHFUL ( I CANNOT TELL A LIE ! )
SITE ON THE INTERENT !
ENTER PAGE 2 OF THE TITANIC SITE TO ACCESS HUNDREDS OF MORE TIMELY ARTICLES !
O JEHOVAH , our JEHOVAH , how majestic is your name in all the earth ( Psalm 8:9 ) .
" And he showed me JOSHUA the high priest standing before the angel of JEHOVAH , and SATAN standing
at his right hand to oppose him .
And JEHOVAH said unto Satan , " JEHOVAH rebuke thee , O Satan ;
even JEHOVAH that hath chosen Jerusalem rebuke thee " ( Zechariah 3:1 - 2 ) .
Saint Paul said " we ( Christians ) have a great high priest , JOSHUA the Son of Elohim " ( Hebrews 4:14 ) .
THE NAME OF THE JEWISH MESSIAH IN HEBREW IS JOSHUA BEN DAVID ,
AND IN ENGLISH JOSHUA THE SON OF DAVID ( JOSHUA DAVID ) .
Around 1730 BC , the Patriarch Jacob or Israel predicted that his nation would endure until the Messiah came :
" The sceptre shall not depart from JUDAH , nor a lawgiver from his loins , UNTIL SHILOH COMES ;
and unto him shall the gathering of the people be " ( Genesis 49:10 ) .
" When JUDAH saw her ( Tamar ) he thought she was a harlot ( prostitute )
because she had covered her face " ( Genesis 38:15 ) .
THE NEW JERUSALEM IS SUPPOSED TO BE ONE NATION UNDER GOD !
NOT ONE NATION UNDER BABYLONIAN BULLDOG FACES !
The Prophet Malachi predicted that Elijah the Prophet would come before Shiloh !
John the Baptist fulfilled that prophecy by coming in the spirit and power of Elijah !
King David began reigning when he was 30 - years - old , and he reigned for 40 years ( II Samuel 5:4 ) .
Shiloh was manifested to Israel when he was 30 - years - old ( Saint Luke 3:3 ) , and exactly 40 years
later the Roman legions destroyed Israel at that location forever ( Amos 5:2 , Daniel 9:26 ) .
JUDAH ISCARIOT — one of the 12 Apostles — is a remarkable type of ancient and modern Israel .
Judah
betrayed the Messiah for 30 pieces of silver , and then self - destructed by committing suicide
( Jeremiah 17:1 , Zechariah 11:12 , Saint Matthew 27:3 ) .
In 70 AD , ancient Israel committed suicide by taking up arms against the mighty Roman Empire ,
and modern " suicidal Jews " are still very eager to trigger Armageddon and join Judah in Hades !!
THE LIFE AND CRIMES OF 166 POPES FROM THE16
MOST POPULAR NAMES IN THE PAPAL DYNASTY !!
A Parisian Rescued the Rooster from Notre Dame Cathedral !
Britannia , Inc. , Banished the New Jerusalem Embassy to the Boondocks !!
Joshua ben David warned the new Jerusalem repeatedly to beware of fake " Jews , " or Kosher Nostra ,
who deny that the Messiah has come : " I know the blasphemy of those who say they are Jews
and are not , but are the synagogue of Satan " ( Apocalypse 2:9 , 3:9 ) .
By giving the Jewish Messiah the Latin name JESUS , it also slanders the Virgin Miriam
because it implies that she committed fornication with Tiberius Julius Pantera !
In Holy Scripture , the divine Holy Spirit is symbolized by 7 Eyes , 7 Lamps of Fire , and 7 Horns :
" For behold the STONE that I have laid before JOSHUA : upon the STONE are SEVEN EYES .
Behold , I will engrave its inscription , " says JEHOVAH of Hosts , " and I will remove the
iniquity of that land in one day " ( Zechariah 3:9 , Apocalypse 4:5 , 5:6 ) .
The Reformation began on October 31 , 1517 , when German monk Saint Martin Luther nailed his 95 Theses to the Castle Church door in Wittenberg , Germany .
That was one of the greatest events of the past 1000 years .
Saint Martin made a translation of the Bible from Greek and Hebrew into German .
Soon all the countries of Europe followed his example by translating the Scriptures into their languages .
For the first time in history , the recently invented printing press made the Word of JEHOVAH available to all the people .
When Saint Martin was excommunicated by Pope Leo X , he began an intensive study of the Book of Daniel and the Apocalypse of Saint John .
It was from a study of those 2 books that led him to write his magnum opus entitled On the Babylonian Captivity of the Church .
The end of the Babylonian Captivity of the Jews in 457 BC led to the rebirth of Israel , and started the 490 - year countdown to the First Coming of the Messiah .
That explosive book , published in 1520 , sent shockwaves through the underworld , and the fallout soon reached fake " Roman Emperor " Charles V .
As a result , he summoned the Saint to the Diet of Worms , to publicly disallow the book , and be reconciled to the Church of Roma .
October 31 , 1517 .
Knock on the door to ente r. Next year is the 1990th anniversary ( 30 AD – 2020 ) of the Death and Resurrection of the Messiah , at Golgotha , on the Mount of Olives !!
In 313 , Romulus and Remus were renamed Saints Peter and Paul !
In 1119 , 9 " Fighting Monks " formed the Knights Templar in Jerusalem !
In March 1945 , the Counter - Reformation Nazis tested a small thermonuclear bomb just a stone 's throw from the Wartburg Castle !!
The Wartburg Castle where Saint Martin
translated the Bible into German .
In May 1521 , at the Diet of Worms , Luther made his courageous defense of On The Babylonian Captivity of the Church .
For that reason , Elector Frederick the Wise feared for the life of the Reformer , and his soldiers " kidnapped " the Saint and hid him away in the Wartburg Castle .
While " imprisoned " there , Luther translated the Bible from Hebrew and Greek into German .
That is the place where he also threw the inkwell at the Devil .
Saint Martin Luther 's desk and the wall
where he threw the inkwell at the Devil .
The Wartburg Castle , in Thuringia , is a sacred site and a place of pilgrimage for all true Christians .
The " big bang " Jesuits would have loved to do a Guy Fawkes on the Castle , but it was shielded by angels , and the surrounding hills .
On the left can be seen Luther 's desk , and the spot where he threw the inkwell at the Devil .
Over the centuries , souvenir hunters have removed chunks of the wall .
Ground zero was a valley , just a stone 's
throw from the Wartburg Castle .
In 1525 , Saint Martin took another step which caused consternation at the Vatican — he married his sweetheart — escaped nun Saint Katharine von Bora .
The wedding of Saints Martin and
Katharine , Wittenberg , June 13 , 1525 .
After his escape from the spiritual Babylon , Saint Martin soon discovered that monks and nuns were nowhere mentioned in the Holy Bible !
In 1523 , to inaugurate the modern " women 's - lib " movement , he helped a group of 12 nuns escape from the Nimbschen Convent .
One of the escapees , Katharine von Bora , became his loving wife and helpmeet .
Saints Martin and Katharine became the perfect partnership , as they devoted their lives to their 4 children , and demolishing the thick walls of Babylon !
Saint Katharine Luther
( 1499 –1552 ) .
It is a good thing that there was no German Equal Wrongs Amendment in force at that time .
Otherwise , the gender roles would have been completely reversed , and there would have been no perfect partnership between the 2 saints ....
Monks and nuns are the true transgenders because they are obsessed with SEX . . . and yet they are forbidden to marry and have children ( I Timothy 4:3 ) .
The spiritual Babylon is the Papacy , which began its rise in 313 AD , and received a mighty blow in 1517 .
However , the spiritual Babylon has a TWIN . . . and her HQ is in LONDON . . .
Babylon on the Thames !!
Aerial view of Babylon
on the Tiber .
In 337 , MYSTERY , BABYLON THE GREAT , began in Roma with Pope Julius I . In 1520 , Babylon the Great received a mighty blow from the pen of Saint Martin Luther .
The second Babylon the Great began with the founding of the East India Company in 1600 .
Aerial view of Babylon
on the Thames .
The Holy Bible predicted the time of the Messiah 's birth ( Daniel 9:25 ) ; the location of his birth ( Micah 5:2 ) , and his Holy Name ( Zechariah 6:11 - 13 ) .
The secret of Samson 's great strength lay in his Nazarite vow not to cut his hair , and the Messiah 's great strength lay in his Holy Name .
Over 3500 years ago , on Mount Sinai , JEHOVAH gave Moses the Hebrew ALPHABET .
Today , most nations use an ALPHABET .
4 times in the Book of Revelation the Messiah calls Himself
Alpha and Omega , so those 2 Greek alphabet letters
must be present in his Holy Name !!
The name JESUS is Latin , IESOUS in Greek , and it cannot be the name of the Messiah because it is missing 2 vital letters ....
Under Roman occupation , the Virgin Miriam would never give her son a Latin name because that would imply that the child was illegitimate .
Illegitimacy was the very charge leveled against the Messiah because the rulers did n't believe he was born of a Virgin and therefore JEHOVAH ( Isaiah 9:6 ) .
Real Jewish parents were very , very traditional about naming their children ....
The most popular names for boys were : Abraham , Isaac , Jacob , Joseph , Moses , Joshua , David ....
The most popular names for girls were : Sarah , Rebekah , Rachel , Miriam , Deborah , Ruth , Abigail , etc. , etc. Names ending in US , such as Julius , Tiberius , Antonius , Pius etc. , etc. , are Roman names .
Under Roman occupation , the Jews did not give their children Roman names .
One of the most famous , or infamous , Roman Emperors was named Jesus Constantine .
The Stone demolishing the
10 - toes British Empire !
The Bible code : 1+2+3+4=10 Downing Street .
The last form of monarchy , or tyrannical government , is symbolized by the 10 - toes of the giant .
To make the prophecy plainer , Winston Winston 's grandmother , Queen Victoria , had 10 children : 9 with Prince Albert and one top secret girl in Switzerland .
Timeline of the 4 world empires
of Daniel Chapter 2 .
The Great Pyramid was built by antediluvian twins to preserve a written record of that technologically advanced but highly corrupt civilization .
Exterior view of the Great Pyramid
before the Great Flood of Noah .
Visit the 4,700 - year - old Great Pyramid !!
Visit the 4,500 - year - old Grand Canyon !!
" Speak to the ( stationary flat ) earth , and
it shall teach thee ( not to poison
it with deadly radiation ) "
( Job 12:8 ) .
Panoramic view of the 4,500 - year - old
Grand Canyon and Colorado River .
PRINCETON , NJ -- Barack Obama has returned to a slight three percentage point lead over John McCain in Gallup Poll Daily tracking for Aug. 15 - 17 , with Obama at 46 % and McCain at 43 % among registered voters .
The current position of the race is representative of the overall average positioning of the two candidates so far this summer .
Although McCain moved closer to Obama in the last three reports of Gallup 's tracking , he was not able to sustain this tied position , and the bottom line is that the race appears to have once again returned to just about where it has been on average over the summer .
( To view the complete trend since March 7 , 2008 , click here . )
Campaign activity from this point forward will begin to intensify , with the pending announcement of Obama 's vice - presidential choice , the Democratic convention , McCain 's own announcement of his vice president , and the Republican convention .
The degree to which all of these events will affect voter preferences in the presidential race could go a long way towards determining the eventual winner of the election in November .
-- Frank Newport
Survey Methods
For the Gallup Poll Daily tracking survey , Gallup is interviewing no fewer than 1,000 U.S. adults nationwide each day during 2008 .
The general - election results are based on combined data from Aug. 15 - 17 , 2008 .
For results based on this sample of 2,660 registered voters , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
To provide feedback or suggestions about how to improve Gallup.com , please e-mail feedback@gallup.com .
As part of a streamlining plan following its acquisition of EDS , a Texas - based technology company , Hewlett - Packard announced plans to lay off about 24,600 employees .
A company spokeswoman could not say what effect the consolidation would have on HP's Palo Alto headquarters .
About half the layoffs will be in the United States , with more than half affecting EDS employees , she said .
Cuts are expected to be highest in legal , accounting , information technology , human relations , procurement and other support departments that would be duplicated with the merger , which was finalized in August , according to HP .
About 12,000 new positions will also be available in technology services , she said .
Man ... A Quake 1 mod .
I think the thing that was popular about id Software games were their ease of modding of the games .
They even provided you with all of the tools and editing programs just so you could create your own content .
They should bring back this kind of thing for their next game as well , or at least think about it .
MAD , Spain , Sept. 19 ( UPI ) -- European Union finance minister Joaquin Almunia said Europe should not employ the same bailout plan under consideration in the United States .
The plan under consideration in Washington , while lacking details , would authorize the government to purchase failing securities from financial firms .
Advertisement
Commissioner Almunia , a member Spain 's Socialist Workers Party , called the bailout " financial socialism , " the EU Observer reported Friday .
Attending a conference in Madrid , Almunia told reporters , " socialists like me , we are against financial socialism , " the Observer said .
Almunia said Europe needed " more coordinated action by supervisors than currently exists . "
He also said some intervention might be necessary .
" We must move forward faster .
We cannot wait until a financial institution operating in seven or 10 countries of the European Union has problems such as those of Lehman Brothers or Bear Sterns . "
Update : Bob Paxton cashes in on this photo , loses job !
The Prez helping ladies reach their dreams .
Meet Robert Paxton ( old guy , above left ) , president of Iowa Central Community College .
He ’s all for helping younger ladies attempt to bong Coors mini kegs while partying on some random lake over July 4 .
And it ’s his personal business , the Prez tells the Des Moines Register after this photo surfaced at the newspaper this weekend .
Notice the technique from Paxton .
The guy says he was pulling the keg away .
Paxton said the photo was made on July 4 at West Okoboji Lake .
He said his 19 - year - old son , John , who was a student at Iowa Central last school year , is the younger man in the photo .
He said his son was not drinking on the boat .
However , Iowa court records show that a day after the photo was made , John Paxton was arrested and charged with second - offense drunken driving in Dickinson County , where Okoboji is located .
The younger Paxton has pleaded not guilty .
Paxton goes on to say the keg was n’t working properly and he tried to put it back down as the photo was snapped .
Really ?
Trying to put it back down ?
Dude , come clean .
You are 52 , on a boat with young chicks in bikinis and at least two of those ladies are having fun with vodka .
The guy has taken some stupid community college to great heights thanks to this photo .
We salute you , Prez .
Who ’s ready for Smirnoff shots ?
The main cooling tower at Yongbyon was blown up earlier this year
There is no evidence to support claims that North Korea has begun rebuilding a nuclear plant , US officials say .
The US state department said the North appeared to be moving equipment out of storage at its Yongbyon plant , but there was no effort to reconstruct it .
Earlier reports from South Korea and Japan had claimed the North was actively rebuilding Yongbyon , breaking an international denuclearisation deal .
Pyongyang had previously warned that it had stopped disabling its facilities .
For years , the North has been locked in discussions over its nuclear ambitions with five other nations - South Korea , the US , China , Russia and Japan .
In June this year , the regime blew up the cooling tower of its Yongbyon facility in a symbolic gesture of its commitment to the process .
But last month Pyongyang was angered by the US refusal to remove it from the list of states that sponsor terrorism , and announced it would halt the disabling process .
Reactor ' intact '
On Wednesday reports in Japan , backed up by South Korea 's foreign ministry , claimed the North Koreans were actively reconstructing the plant .
But state department spokesman Sean McCormack said it appeared that the North was moving previously stored equipment rather than rebuilding .
Q&A : N Korea nuclear deal Timeline : N Korea stand - off
He told reporters : " To my knowledge , based on what we know from the folks on the ground , you do n't have an effort to reconstruct , reintegrate this equipment back into the Yongbyon facility . "
He said Christopher Hill , the lead US negotiator in the six - nation nuclear talks , would leave for Beijing on Thursday .
The claims emerge as the UN 's nuclear watchdog , the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) , published a report on North Korea .
It said the regime had already removed large quantities of essential nuclear materials from Yongbyon even before it agreed to dismantle the plant .
Experts believe the North 's facilities would take a year to restore , and the IAEA 's report appears to support that view .
Former UN weapons inspector David Albright says the reactor at Yongbyon is mostly intact .
But he said the regime would need to manufacture hundreds - possibly thousands - of fuel rods and rebuild a cooling tower that was blown up in June to get it fully operational .
He believes the North is unlikely to rebuild the plant , but is instead using the threat as a bargaining chip to gain more concessions from the six - party talks .
In June , North Korea finally submitted a long - delayed account of its nuclear facilities - and was expecting to be removed from the US list almost immediately in return .
But the US said that would not be possible until North Korea agreed to inspections aimed at verifying the details that it had disclosed .
That move has been delayed amid wrangling among the six nations over exactly how these details can be verified .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Articles : 6 things I wish I knew the day I started Berklee 2008-09-05
This is a talk I gave to incoming first - year students at Berklee College of Music today : September 5 , 2008 .
# 1 : Focus .
Disconnect .
Do not be distracted .
My favorite part of the movies is the training sequence , where a young Bruce Wayne , Neo , or Kung - Fu Panda goes to a remote location to be trained relentlessly , nonstop , past all breaking points , until they emerge as a master .
The next few years can be your training sequence , if you focus .
Unfortunately you ’re not in Siberia .
You ’re surrounded by distractions .
You ’re surrounded by cool tempting people , hanging out casually , telling you to relax .
But the casual ones end up having casual talent and merely casual lives .
Looking back , my only Berklee classmates that got successful were the ones who were fiercely focused , determined , and undistractable .
While you ’re here , presidents will change , the world will change , and the media will try to convince you how important it all is .
But it ’s not .
None of it matters to you now .
You are being tested .
Your enemy is distraction .
Stay offline .
Shut off your computer .
Stay in the shed .
When you emerge in a few years , you can ask someone what you missed , and you ’ll find it can be summed up in a few minutes .
The rest was noise you ’ll be proud you avoided .
Focus .
Disconnect .
Do not be distracted .
This is your # 1 most important challenge .
If you master focus , you will be in control of your world .
If you do n’t , it will control you .
# 2 : Do not accept their speed limit .
You do n’t get extreme results without extreme actions .
Berklee classes set a pace the average student can keep .
If you want to be above average , you must push yourself to do more than required .
There ’s a martial arts saying , “ When you are not practicing , someone else is .
When you meet him , he will win . ”
If you are a writer , you should not only write a song a week , but spend twice as long improving it as you do writing it .
Inspiration is a good start , but it ’s the diligence to make every note and every word perfect , that will really set you apart .
Luckily , when I was 17 , a few months before starting Berklee , I met a man named Kimo Williams who used to teach at Berklee and convinced me that the standard pace is for chumps .
In just three intensive lessons , he taught me three semesters of Berklee harmony , so on opening day I started in “ Harmony 4 ” .
In one intensive lesson , he taught me the whole semester of “ Arranging 1 ” .
Then I learned I could buy the book for a course I was n’t enrolled in , and do all the examples myself , without even needing to attend the class .
I could approach the department head and take the final exam for full credit .
I did this for all the other requirements like Arranging 2 , and traditional counterpoint classes .
I graduated Berklee in 2 - and - a- half years .
Do not accept their speed limit .
Blow away expectations .
# 3 : Nobody will teach you anything .
You have to teach yourself .
When I first arrived at Berklee , I was disappointed .
My teachers were n’t teaching me .
I almost dropped out .
I went home to Chicago and got accepted to Northwestern University .
Then I realized their music program was more about memorizing the name of Bach ’s many children .
So I came back to Berklee with gusto .
I decided to squeeze every bit of knowledge out of this place .
Nobody was going to do it for me .
Do not expect the teachers to teach you .
They will present some information to you , but it is entirely 100 % up to you to either make the most of it , or waste your time here , and go home and get a normal dumb job .
Berklee is like a library .
Everything you need to know is here for the taking .
It ’s the best possible environment for you to master your music .
But nobody will teach you anything .
You have to teach yourself .
# 4 : Learn from your heroes , not only theirs .
When I was here , I wanted to be a great songwriter , among other things .
Berklee ’s songwriting courses are amazing !
I learned so much about song crafting that made me look at all of my favorite music with a whole new insight , and forever improved my own writing .
But I remember a lyric writing teacher saying a good lyric needs to use all five senses .
He ’d say , “ Do n’t just mention your grandmother .
Describe the veins on the back of her hands .
Do n’t just mention a bedroom .
Describe the smell of the dust on the curtains and the sound of the creaky stairs . ”
So for years I thought every lyric I wrote was crap unless it described all five senses .
Then finally I noticed that my favorite lyrics by Nirvana or Talking Heads were abstract collages of evocative nonsense .
My favorite glitchy electronic music by Björk is nothing they ’d ever teach in a “ Rock Arranging For Live Performance 1 ” class .
So I finally realized the one important point I missed while here , that I hope you do n’t forget .
The teachers are taking their favorite music and using it to teach you techniques .
Learn and appreciate those techniques .
They ’re great .
But if you only learn the techniques they teach you , you ’re only learning their favorite music .
Never think their heroes are better than yours .
You ’ll hear a lot about the greats , but whatever you love is great , too .
The same way they will break apart a Shania Twain hit song or a classic Charlie Parker solo to teach you the craft inside , you must learn how to break apart your favorite music and analyze it .
I finally analyzed my favorite Nirvana and Talking Heads lyrics .
Finally analyzed the glitches and growls in Björk ’s music .
Distilled their ingredients for my own re-use .
Learn from your heroes , not only theirs .
# 5 : Do n’t get stuck in the past .
While at Berklee , I felt I had to learn Donna Lee , the old bebop jazz standard , to be a good musician .
Got a great gig going to Japan for a month with Victor Bailey on bass .
Here ’s one of the best bassists ever , who ’s played with Wayne Shorter , Joe Zawinul , Sonny Rollins , Sting , and more .
He heard me playing Donna Lee a bit , and said , “ Man — jazz was all about inventing something new .
For a musician 50 years later to be stuck in the 1950s would be like a 1950s musician being stuck in the 1900s .
There ’s nothing cool about that . ”
A couple weeks later I was at the piano quietly working on one of my own songs , and for the first time he said , “ Hey — wow — what is that ?
That ’s great , man .
Can you show me ? ”
Innovation is needed more than imitation .
Do n’t get stuck in the past .
# 6 : When done , be valuable .
While you ’re here , stay locked in the shed .
Enjoy this wonderful isolation , with no responsibility but to improve yourself .
But when you leave here , head to the business aisle of the bookstore and start reading a book a week about entrepreneurial things like marketing .
Never underestimate the importance of making money making music .
Let go of any weird taboos you have about it .
Money is nothing more than neutral proof that you ’re adding value to people ’s lives .
Making sure you ’re making money is just a way of making sure you ’re doing something of value to others .
Remember that this usually comes from doing the things that most people do n’t do .
For example :
How much does the world pay people to play video games ?
Nothing , because everyone does it .
How much does the world pay people to make video games ?
A ton , because very few can do it , and lots of people want it .
Be one of the few that is clever enough to make money making music instead of pretending it does n’t matter .
Be one of the few that has the guts to do something shocking .
Be one of the few that takes your lessons here as a starting point , and pushes yourself to do more with what you learn .
Be one of the few that knows how to help yourself , instead of expecting for others to do it for you .
Be one of the few that does much more than is required .
And most importantly , be one of the few that stays in the shed to practice , while everyone else is surfing the net , flirting on Facebook , and watching TV .
Video on YouTube :
LAURIE KELLMAN
Associated Press
July 30 , 2008
WASHINGTON – A House panel Wednesday voted to cite former top White House aide Karl Rove for contempt of Congress as its Senate counterpart explored punishment for alleged Bush administration misdeeds .
Voting 20 - 14 along party lines , the House Judiciary Committee said that Rove had broken the law by failing to appear at a July 10 hearing on allegations of White House influence over the Justice Department , including whether Rove encouraged prosecutions against Democrats such as former Alabama Gov. Don Siegelman .
The committee decision is only a recommendation , and a spokesman for Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - Calif. , said she would not decide until September whether to bring it to a final vote .
Read article
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Here ’s O’Reilly ’s video of the keynote I gave at web 2.0 NYC yesterday , titled The New York Internet Industry , 1995 to 2008 , From Nascent to Ascendant
The new alpha 6 build of Ubuntu 8.10 actually looks nice !
This one has the " New Human " theme ( not enabled by default ) which consists of dark charcoal grays with -- you guessed it -- orange highlights .
Everything seems to work ok , without the bugs that plagued the graphic output of the earlier alphas : but who cares about that .
You want to see the theme .
So , screenshots below :
Knowing full well what he 's going to get back from the worried ....
" She is ready to do anything she wants to .
She perseveres .
She works so hard .
She learns so fast . "
Harry Smith flew all the way up to Alaska last week and drove out to Wasilla with his crew to learn that Chuck Heath , who looks like the high school track coach he was when his daughter ran to a cross-country championship for him , thinks :
Was John McCain manager Steve Schmidt 's puzzingly strong attack on the New York Times last week really a trap , an intentional bid to call even more attention to negative coverage of Palin to lower expectations ?
It 'll be the last peek into the family of Palin before her much - anticipated debate Thursday in St. Louis against longtime Sen.
Joe Biden .
But have Palin's Democratic opponents overplayed their hand in portraying the 44 - year - old mother of five so derisively in recent days ?
But , hey , this is TV and the CBS interview is exclusive for this morning .
It 's not really exclusive , of course .
CNN 's Drew Griffin interviewed the proud father of the Republican Party 's first female vice presidential candidate way back on Sept. 8 ( see video by clickin g on the " Read More " line below ) , when her father said , " She 's still my little girl . "
According to a news release from CBS News , Harry Smith will have an exclusive interview this morning with Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin 's parents , Chuck and Sally Heath , on " The Early Show . "
. . . parent of anyone in American public life these days , but desperately hoping to generate at least some news for all those trans - continental expense dollars , the prominent member of the media himself puts words into the father 's mouth .
Harry : " There ’s a sense that she has n’t been treated fairly by the media . ”
Chuck Heath : “ That ’s what I feel .
Someone said , ‘ Well they have to get to know Sarah Palin . ’
But Sarah Palin -- there is a good side of Sarah Palin and they ’re digging and digging for the bad side and there is no real bad side .
They ’re fabricating a lot of things that I do n’t want to go into . ”
That much news is certainly worth getting up early for .
But here 's a really silly idea for this gotcha society :
If a candidate 's family is not being arrested or not out on the campaign trail inviting news coverage as McCain 's 96 - year - old mother , Roberta , does , why do n't we just leave them alone ?
The way the U.S. media has so conscientiously managed to deny itself virtually any inquisitions of Barack Obama 's poor half - brother in Africa and his half - sister in Hawaii and Joe Biden 's mother and Michelle 's family .
It 's not new that American political campaigns , beneath a thinning veneer of public gentility , can be intrusive , brutal , even disgusting affairs , especially online .
McCain knows this too well from personal experience in 2000 when his adopted daughter from Bangladesh was portrayed in South Carolina as the illegitimate child of a biracial affair .
All big - time candidates develop very thick skin ; some staffs even collect the worst insults in scrapbooks as badges of honor and humor .
It 's the candidates ' defenseless families who really suffer .
And by keeping the governor herself largely away from the media , the McCain campaign is , in effect , playing a prevent defense , ceding the public relations playing field to others to describe , define and caricature Palin , strangely unanswered by her for a week now .
One recent Alaska poll showed Palin 's approval rating there had tumbled to 68 % , which is still about 20 points higher than either presidential candidate and seven times greater than Congress ' approval .
The upcoming downside for the Obama - Biden campaign is that its supporters became so flustered over Palin 's surprisingly explosive popularity coming out of the GOP convention .
They have so successfully mocked , derided and lowered expectations for Palin in Thursday night 's VP debate that if she does n't drool or speak in tongues , many millions still open to persuasion will be impressed .
Al Gore 's campaign made the exact same mistake going into the 2000 debates .
So all Texas Gov. George W. Bush had to do was not lose .
In that sense , Democrats may have played right into a PR cul - de-sac .
Biden , for instance , described Palin as merely better - looking than him .
A far better communications strategy would have been to insincerely portray Palin with superlatives as a superwoman , making it harder , not easier , for her to impress .
Too late now .
It 'll be difficult for Palin 's parents because they so want to keep up and cheer their daughter on .
But if they are wise , for their own mental health , they 'll pretty much avoid the news for the next six weeks or so .
What the threatened Alaskan Republican establishment tried to do to stop Palin , the political insurgent , back in 2005 - 06 is nothing .
And Chuck and Sally should never ever go online where they might stumble upon the sites portraying their " little girl " as , among other things , a naked porn star in action .
Welcome to American politics 2008 , Web - style .
-- Andrew Malcolm
Have immediate alerts on all Ticket backgrounders like this flashed directly to your cell by clicking here and registering with Twitter .
Top photo : Sarah Palin 's parents .
Credit : Al Grillo / Associated Press
Bottom photo : Joseph Kaczmarek / Associated Press
Thanks for being here !
I love reading your comments !
Feel free to chime in if you have questions to ask , opinions to share or even if you just want to say hello .
You can also email me : trinknitty@gmail.com
Wireframe with Notes
This is a wireframe grid divided into 24 columns with gutters between each column .
The grid is especially useful to designers who are working within a CSS framework such as Blueprint , which also divides its grid into 24 units , so setting up common divisions is easy ( 1/4 + 3/4 , 1/3 x 3 , 1/3 + 2/3 , 1/2 x 2 , etc. ) .
1/4 column divisions are marked along the top of the grid , and 1/3 columns are marked on the bottom .
There 's also a 1 / 2 division on the side , which makes it easy to split the grid into 4 quadrants for plotting values on a 2x2 graph .
To the right is a ruled column for adding labels and annotations .
Preview in Cyan or Gray
Download wireframe and notes paper in Cyan or Gray
James Jones ' new Chevy An Ohio man with a hatred of paper money slapped down $ 8,000 in coins at a car dealership to buy a Chevrolet pick - up - then paid the rest by cheque .
James Jones , 70 , produced 16 coffee cans full of coins to buy his new Chevrolet Silverado in Cincinnati and staff spent 90 minutes counting it .
But his coin hoard only covered half of the $ 16,000 ( £ 8,500 ) price tag .
The man 's son said the most amazing thing for him was his father deciding to replace his 1981 pick - up at all .
As far back as he could remember , Dennis Jones told the Cincinnati Enquirer , his father had always had coins .
 He gave me lunch money in coins and each time he ever gave me money it was in coins ,  he recalled .
Paper money will burn , but it is hard to damage coins
James Jones
 I am amazed that we were able to talk him into buying a new truck , because he is pretty tight with his money . 
According to the paper , James Jones walked into the Jake Sweeney dealership , plunked down his cans and said :  I want that Chevy truck . 
" In my 19 years in this business I have never seen anything like this ,  said Biff Arnold , finance manager for Jake Sweeney .
 I have seen many buyers come in with a lot of cash money , but never this much money in coins . 
Salesman David Crisswell said the coins included " dimes , quarters , half - dollars , silver and Susan B Anthony dollars " .
The new owner of the Chevy says he does not trust banks or paper money .
 Paper money will burn , but it is hard to damage coins , " the retired engineer pointed out .
" I bought four or five rolls of coins each month .
I do n't know how long it took me to save this amount , probably all my life . 
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Today , the Huffington Post reports Sarah Palin ’s first gaffe ; on the economy .
Speaking before voters in Colorado Springs , the Republican vice presidential nominee claimed that lending giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac had “ gotten too big and too expensive to the taxpayers . ”
The companies , as McClatchy reported , “ are n’t taxpayer funded but operate as private companies .
The takeover may result in a taxpayer bailout during reorganization . ”
Economists and analysts pounced on the misstatement , saying it demonstrated a lack of understanding about one of the key economic issues likely to face the next administration .
“ You would like to think that someone who is going to be vice president and conceivable president would know what Fannie and Freddie do , ” said Dean Baker , co-director of the Center for Economic and Policy Research .
“ These are huge institutions and they are absolutely central to our country ’s mortgage debt .
To not have a clue what they do does n’t speak well for her , I ’d say . ”
( snip )
The Palin misstatement comes as Fannie and Freddie are set to be placed under control of the Federal Housing Finance Agency , created by President Bush in late July to help regulate the two housing giants .
Subscribe to RSS headline updates from :
Powered by FeedBurner
I found out about Fabric via Armin Ronacher 's article Deploying Python Web Applications .
Fabric is a Capistrano inspired deployment tool for the Python community .
It is very simple to use .
There are 4 main commands : local is almost like os .system because it runs a command on the local machine , run and sudo run a command on a remote machine as either a normal user or as root , and put transfers a file to a remote machine .
Here is a sample setup which displays information about the Apache processes on my remote EC2 instance .
Here are a few of the interesting graffiti by Daim 's from Flickr sets : Japanese 3D Graffiti :
These beautiful 3D graffiti is the creation of Paramodel , an artist duo from Eastern Osaka formed by Yasuhiko Hayashi and Yusuke Nakano .
A few more of these interesting graffiti created by various other artists .
Munich , Germany .
About 70 per cent of the Earth is covered by water .
So Google 's thinking it had better build some data centers that can float .
With a recently - released patent application , the search giant cum world power seeks exclusive rights to what it calls a " water - based data center " .
This modular collection of processing , storage , and network resources would sit on a ship anchored somewhere offshore , using the crashing waves for both power and cooling .
Google 's floating data center
Google envisions its seaworthy data center serving land - bound humans in times of emergency .
" For example , " the application reads , " a military presence may be needed in an area , a natural disaster may bring a need for computing or telecommunication presence in an area until the natural infrastructure can be repaired or rebuilt , and certain events may draw thousands of people who may put a load on the local computing infrastructure .
" Often , such transient events occur near water , such as a river or an ocean .
However , it can be expensive to build and locate data centers , and it is not always easy to find access to necessary ( and inexpensive ) electrical power , high - bandwidth data connections , and cooling water for such data centers . "
Famously , Google has already patented data centers that tuck inside standard shipping containers , and these mobile modules would serve as building blocks for its water - based computer center .
Sergey and Larry might hoist their shipping containers onto that anchored ship .
Or they might set them up on dry land , not too far from the waves .
In either case , power could arrive from so - called Pelamis machines , Scottish - designed contraptions that convert waves into electricity .
And seawater cooling units could keep all that shipping container - ed hardware from overheating .
Naturally , Google is n't the first to dream up such a thing .
A company called IDS is working on its own floating hardware - though it sees things a bit differently .
" IDS floating data centers will be anchored in port the majority of the time , whereas [ Google 's ] will be positioned out at sea , " reads a blog post from the company .
" There [ are ] also some significant differences in the way sea water is used for cooling , and obviously some differences in power generation . "
Of course , IDS is n't blanketing the planet with its very own built - from - scratch internet .
We can safely say that Google is building its own servers , its own Ethernet switches , its own underwater comms cables , its own worldwide collection of brick and mortar data centers , and its own truck - em - anywhere - you - want - em mobile data centers .
And now it looks like the company is well on its way to floating its own Data Center Navy .
When we accused Larry and Serge of killing penguins , we did n't know the half of it . ®
If you find yourself in London , England anytime soon , you may want to check out the work of the Village Underground in the Shoreditch neighbourhood .
They have taken discarded London subway cars , placed them on top of a renovated Victorian warehouse building and converted the trains into creative workspaces .
All the cars have carbon - neutral heat and power and are ecologically outfitted .
[ via Treehugger ] images courtesy of Village Underground
bottom photo by Matt Cowley
Transcript :
Lucy : Wait ... what 'd you say we 're looking for ?
Danae :
An ancient Incan temple filled with gold !
According to this map , we 're getting close ...
Lucy : How'd an Incan temple get up here in Maine ?
Danae : I dunno ... but if you believe in something strong enough , it 's gotta be true .
Lucy : Um ... what ?
Danae :
The trick is to obstinately ignore all the nay - sayers who try to shake your belief with facts and sciency - stuff ... now I believe we 'll find the temple at the top of this ... hill ...
Lucy : Just how far do you expect to get in life by ignoring reality ?
Danae :
Hey , somebody has to be the first woman President .
Pandora , the internet radio station built around your tastes , will probably be going out of business soon .
After getting slapped by the CRB with exorbitantly high royalty rates to continue playing music , founder Tim Westergren says the company is facing a " pull - the - plug " situation .
There 's one congressman trying to help Pandora and it's million plus users , but the service is bleeding money in the meantime and its future looks grim .
I 'll be very sad to see it go , since being reintroduced to it recently through their excellent iPhone app .
What great idea do you have for us next , CRB ? [ ReadWriteWeb ]
Advertisement
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Volunteers have helped to transform Dorset 's faded Cerne Abbas chalk giant into a striking symbol of fertility once more .
This timelapse footage shows from start to finish the week - long project to restore the 180ft figure .
Thousands of veterans , deemed disabled by the Department of Veterans Affairs , have had their disability claims repeatedly rejected by Social Security .
In a special package by Oregonian reporters Bryan Denson and Brent Walth , we explore how five Northwest veterans deal with their emotional and physical injuries from several wars as they fight an often losing battle with the government .
LOG IN WITH FACEBOOK
SELECT ALL
First select photos by clicking the select button on each image .
R6800 firmwares have been released .
It contains two files .
openwrt-ramips-mt7621-netgear_r6800-squashfs-factory.img :
Should be used when you want to upgrade openwrt firmware from Stock firmware
openwrt-ramips-mt7621-netgear_r6800-squashfs-sysupgrade.bin :
Should be used when you want to upgrade openwrt firmware from openwrt firmware .
It supports basic features .
I would be happy to get your feedback about it and what features you want to see in next version of this firmware .
( Natural News )
A new study has found a correlation between higher rates of lung cancer and less exposure to sunlight .
The study was conducted by researchers from the University of California at San Diego and published in the .
Researchers examined data from national and international databases , including those from the World Health Organization , to compare lung cancer rates in 111 different countries .
The researchers searched for correlations with national rates of smoking , as well as latitude , high cloud cover and levels of airborne aerosols .
A lower latitude indicates more sunlight and hence more exposure to the UVB radiation that causes the body to synthesize vitamin D. UVB is blocked by high cloud cover and airborne aerosols , so those factors indicate lower exposure .
The researchers found that the strongest correlation with lung cancer rates came from smoking , which was responsible for between 75 and 85 percent of all cases .
But they also found a significant correlation with lower UVB exposure .
Among men , cancer rates were higher the farther a man lived from the equator .
Among women , cancer rates increased with distance from the equator , high cloud cover and airborne aerosols .
These correlations remained even after adjusting for the effects of smoking .
Lung cancer is one of the three most common cancers among men and women in developed countries .
It kills more than one million people each year .
Researchers believe that sunlight helps protect against cancer by stimulating the production of vitamin D. Lead researcher Cedric Garland said that vitamin D is believed to cause the body to release chemicals that combine with calcium to cause the cells in organ linings to stick more closely together .
This prevents these cells , which appear to be most vulnerable to cancer , from dividing uncontrollably .
While the current study looked only at lung cancer , prior studies have found that living far from the equator results in a higher risk of other internal organ cancers , such as colon cancer and breast cancer .
One study found that people who live north of the Mason - Dixon Line in the United States died of colon cancer at twice the rate of those living south of it .
Another study looked at vitamin D directly and found that lower blood levels of vitamin D metabolites correlated with a higher risk of colon cancer .
"
The problem is that people might over - interpret this and stay in the sun for hours , " Garland said .
Moderation , he emphasized , is the way to go .
" It would be false prudence to stay out of the sun to prevent skin cancer and not get enough vitamin D. " Kat Arney of Cancer Research U.K. agreed .
" The time in the sun needed to get enough vitamin D is much less than the time it takes to tan or burn .
" Garland recommends spending five to 15 minutes in the sun every day that weather permits .
This presumes that this takes place on a mostly clear day , approximately 40 percent of skin area is exposed and that exposure takes place within two hours of midday .
Having more skin covered , being out at a different time or a less clear day would increase the time needed .
People should wear wide - brimmed hats if exposure will be longer than a few minutes , but should not use sunscreen , which blocks vitamin D synthesis .
Garland emphasized that moderate sunlight exposure does not significantly raise a person 's risk of melanoma , the most dangerous form of skin cancer .
" There 's plenty of potential to make vitamin D , " Garland said .
" Even in Helsinki , people can take advantage of the sun in summer months .
" Vitamin D produced by the body during the summer can be stored until the winter .
Now is the Time to Resist Wall Street ’s Shock Doctrine
I wrote The Shock Doctrine in the hopes that it would make us all better prepared for the next big shock .
Well , that shock has certainly arrived , along with gloves - off attempts to use it to push through radical pro-corporate policies ( which of course will further enrich the very players who created the market crisis in the first place … ) .
The best summary of how the right plans to use the economic crisis to push through their policy wish list comes from Former Republican House Speaker Newt Gingrich .
On Sunday , Gingrich laid out 18 policy prescriptions for Congress to take in order to “ return to a Reagan - Thatcher policy of economic growth through fundamental reforms . ”
In the midst of this economic crisis , he is actually demanding the repeal of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act , which would lead to further deregulation of the financial industry .
Gingrich is also calling for reforming the education system to allow “ competition ” ( a.k.a. vouchers ) , strengthening border enforcement , cutting corporate taxes and his signature move : allowing offshore drilling .
It would be a grave mistake to underestimate the right ’s ability to use this crisis — created by deregulation and privatization — to demand more of the same .
Do n’t forget that Newt Gingrich ’s 527 organization , American Solutions for Winning the Future , is still riding the wave of success from its offshore drilling campaign , “ Drill Here , Drill Now ! ”
Just four months ago , offshore drilling was not even on the political radar and now the U.S. House of Representatives has passed supportive legislation .
Gingrich is holding an event this Saturday , September 27 that will be broadcast on satellite television to shore up public support for these controversial policies .
What Gingrich ’s wish list tells us is that the dumping of private debt into the public coffers is only stage one of the current shock .
The second comes when the debt crisis currently being created by this bailout becomes the excuse to privatize social security , lower corporate taxes and cut spending on the poor .
A President McCain would embrace these policies willingly .
A President Obama would come under huge pressure from the think tanks and the corporate media to abandon his campaign promises and embrace austerity and “ free - market stimulus . ”
We have seen this many times before , in this country and around the world .
But here ’s the thing : these opportunistic tactics can only work if we let them .
They work when we respond to crisis by regressing , wanting to believe in “ strong leaders ” – even if they are the same strong leaders who used the September 11 attacks to push through the Patriot Act and launch the illegal war in Iraq .
So let ’s be absolutely clear : there are no saviors who are going to look out for us in this crisis .
Certainly not Henry Paulson , former CEO of Goldman Sachs , one of the companies that will benefit most from his proposed bailout ( which is actually a stick up ) .
The only hope of preventing another dose of shock politics is loud , organized grassroots pressure on all political parties : they have to know right now that after seven years of Bush , Americans are becoming shock resistant .
This article was first posted on The Huffington Post .
Naomi Klein is a strong supporter of The Indypendent .
To see a short video clip about what she had to say earlier this year , click here .
STAY TUNED
We ’re Launching Soon
Connecting farmers to their communities .
The Digital Farm Swap by oogle .
Running across a new word is n't always quite like making a new friend .
But at the very least it 's like noticing that some interesting - looking new neighbors have moved into the house across the street :
Hmm , what are they up to over there ?
So it was the other day when meme popped up in an article I was editing .
I 'd seen it before , surely , but this time I needed to pay it professional heed .
The dictionary on my desk ( my actual physical desk ) did not know the word , but a number of online references did .
The American Heritage Dictionary of the English Language , for instance , defined it thus : " A unit of cultural information , such as a cultural practice or idea , that is transmitted verbally or by repeated action from one mind to another . "
It was a deliberate coinage , by Richard Dawkins ( yes , the author of " The God Delusion " ) .
In his 1976 book , " The Selfish Gene , " he wrote about " the soup of human culture , " the idea that human beings " inherit " traits from one another by other means than genetics .
" We need ... a noun which conveys the idea of a unit of cultural transmission , or a unit of imitation , " he said .
" ' Mimeme ' comes from a suitable Greek root , but I want a monosyllable that sounds a bit like ' gene . '
I hope my classicist friends will forgive me if I abbreviate mimeme to meme . "
He went on to specify that his new term " should be pronounced to rhyme with ' cream . ' "
As coinages go , meme is pretty good .
So many new terms for things are awkward polysyllables or initialisms , or trade names that do n't transfer well into general conversation .
( Remember the ad campaign " There is no such thing as a Xerox " ? )
So the idea of a new scientific term in the form of an easy - to - spell monosyllable sets my heart aflutter .
For some reason , it makes me think of the composer Arnold Schönberg 's observation ( in 1951 ) , " There is still a lot of good music waiting to be written in C major . "
So far , so good .
But the writer of the piece I was reviewing was using meme in a different sense , one defined thus in a recent piece in the Fort Worth Star - Telegram : " A meme is some sort of content – a saying , joke , rumor , video or other communication – that is spread via instant message , e-mail , blog and other methods across the Internet . "
Another , more pejorative usage of meme is to be found elsewhere in the blogosphere , however .
It reminds us that the word is connected to ideas of mimicry , with its suggestion of lack of independent thinking .
In this sense , meme means more or less " a dumb idea that people cling to , even in the face of contrary facts , and keep repeating . "
Thus under the headline , " Another Iraq meme bites the dust , " one blogger comments how signs of the military success of the Bush administration 's " surge " policy in Iraq are confounding those who argue that the war is unwinnable .
Elsewhere along the ideological spectrum , a political blog called " The Horse 's Mouth " took on a Heritage Foundation study that purportedly shows that Democrats " now represent the majority of the nation 's wealthiest congressional districts . "
The " Horse 's Mouth " headline : " Silly New Wingnut Meme : Democrats Are The ' Party Of The Rich . ' "
Meme works as a put - down in contexts like these because it suggests mindless repetition .
Ease of transmission seems to be implicit in the idea of meme .
Also implicit here is a metaphor of disease – as in the phrase " viral marketing . "
Not my favorite , to be sure .
And the whole concept of the meme , in Dawkins 's original sense , is not without controversy either .
So I 'm not quite ready to declare meme a new word - friend .
But it does look like an interesting new neighbor to keep an eye on .
Iron Tower Studio is a premier destination for all your hardcore RPG needs .
Proudly serving 0.003 % of the Global Gaming Market since 2015 .
The remaining 99.997 % need not apply .
Description
Who said platform games had to be nice and fair ?
time for a little change .
Arrow keys to move , try get through all the levels .
You do n't have lives , but it records how many you lose .
You will lose a lot , the game is pretty hard , so try not to get too mad on the first level .
and yes , the game is possible .
Right click for the mute music option .
While working at Fifth and Market streets , an unidentified 35 - year - old man was verbally accosted and then attacked by a passerby .
According to the Gate :
[ T ]he unidentified suspect approached and began to shout slurs and insults at the campaigner , who listened , thanked the man for his views and asked him to leave ...
The angry man complied , but quickly returned and pulled out a knife and slashed the victim in the face
The attacker was arrested by nearby officers and the victim was treated at a nearby hospital .
Yikes .
Hope this is n't a sign of things to come .
Anyway , the man is ( physically ) fine today .
More info as it comes to us .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
WARSAW ( Reuters ) - Paleontologists digging in a brickyard in southern Poland have discovered the remains of a dinosaur they say is a previously unknown ancestor of the Tyrannosaurus Rex .
The predator dinosaur , given the working name “ the Dragon ” , lived around 200 million years ago , team member Doctor Tomasz Sulej of the Polish Science Academy , told Reuters .
It was five meters ( yards ) long and moved on two legs .
Its longest teeth were 7 centimeters ( 2 inches ) long .
“ This is a completely new type of dinosaur that was so far unknown , ” Sulej said on Friday .
“ Nobody even expected that members of this group lived in that time , so this gives us new knowledge about the whole evolution of the T - Rex group . ”
The remains were excavated from a brickyard in Lisowice village about 200 km ( 125 miles ) from Warsaw .
The paleontologists will continue examining the bones and fully document the discovery before they decide what name to give to the new dinosaur .
They will exhibit the findings in Lisowice on August 7 , Sulej said .
At the same site the group also found a dicynodon -- a reptile which was a direct predecessor of mammals .
“ We are almost certain that “ Dragon ” hunted animals like this herbivorous dicynodon , which looked like hippopotamus but was much bigger , ” Sulej said .
NC Wyeth Death Cult Dec 30 , 2005
He lost his life in Chadds Ford , he was dancing with a train .
I can't post it because I do n't have access to it any more , but I was recently contracted to do an audit on the code of a custom mailing list program after the company doing it said ( after a year of " development " ) that MySQL could only handle around 50,000 emails and that to handle the 450,000 expected ones they would have to upgrade the server to Oracle .
The program itself was out of my league so I subbed it out to a friend who is an amazing programmer and he would send me examples of the security like " 12345 " type passwords and completely illegal and actionable stuff like the inability to opt out of the list .
Other things he found going through it :
- database password was wrong
- No error checking on mysql_connect , mysql_query , or much of anywhere actually .
- Opt out was n't just broken , it just didnt ' work .
" when it displays the results of the filter / search it omits the people marked as opted - out .
Buuuuuuut , when it processes to send email it does n't . "
This is how my friend described the entire project :
" The site is like .... a kid knows his multiplication tables , but that does n't mean he knows how to apply that to solving applied calculus .
The guy that did this site knows that nuts fit on bolts , but can't build a truss . "
I have been cleaning up after this development company and their big product is this all encompassing content management system that would take someone three months to learn how to create learning PHP / MySQL from scratch .
HOW is Sarah Palin 's claimed " thanks , but no thanks " opposition to the " bridge to nowhere " any different from Hillary Clinton 's account of dodging bullets in Bosnia ?
The answer : the press coverage .
Over on his blog , James Fallows is comparing the two falsehoods and wondering why the press relentlessly pointed out the speciousness of Mrs Clinton 's story , while it considers Ms Palin 's claim a " controversy " .
" In Governor Palin 's case , the more often she has repeated the story , the more abashed the press has seemed about pointing out its falsity , " says Mr Fallows .
The exact opposite was true in Mrs Clinton 's case .
Will it take a video of Ms Palin poring over blueprints of the bridge ( perhaps with Sinbad at her side ) before the mainstream press gives her equal treatment ?
Update :
One possible benefit of all this is that it appears to be close to making Paul Begala 's head explode .
Update II : I expected some pushback in comments on whether or not Ms Palin 's statement is a falsehood , so let me explain how I see it .
What is true is that once Congress declined to specifically fund the bridge to nowhere , Ms Palin opposed going ahead with it using state funds .
Bravo .
But in her speeches she says , " I told the Congress ' thanks , but no thanks , ' for that Bridge to Nowhere . "
That 's simply not true .
When Congressional funding for the bridge was on the table , as Ms Palin campaigned for governor , she supported it .
So , as Mr Fallows writes , it might be more accurate for her to say , " I said ' Yes , please ! ' until the Congress said ' Sorry , no . ' "
Bin Laden : Goal is to bankrupt U.S .
Al - Jazeera releases full transcript of al Qaeda leader 's tape
( CNN ) --
The Arabic - language network Al - Jazeera released a full transcript Monday of the most recent videotape from Osama bin Laden in which the head of al Qaeda said his group 's goal is to force America into bankruptcy .
Al - Jazeera aired portions of the videotape Friday but released the full transcript of the entire tape on its Web site Monday .
" We are continuing this policy in bleeding America to the point of bankruptcy .
Allah willing , and nothing is too great for Allah , " bin Laden said in the transcript .
He said the mujahedeen fighters did the same thing to the Soviet Union in Afghanistan in the 1980s , " using guerrilla warfare and the war of attrition to fight tyrannical superpowers . "
" We , alongside the mujahedeen , bled Russia for 10 years until it went bankrupt and was forced to withdraw in defeat , " bin Laden said .
He also said al Qaeda has found it " easy for us to provoke and bait this administration . "
" All that we have to do is to send two mujahedeen to the furthest point east to raise a piece of cloth on which is written al Qaeda , in order to make generals race there to cause America to suffer human , economic and political losses without their achieving anything of note other than some benefits for their private corporations , " bin Laden said .
Al - Jazeera executives said they decided to post the entire speech because rumors were circulating that the network omitted parts that " had direct threats toward specific states , which was totally untrue . "
" We chose the most newsworthy parts of the address and aired them .
The rest was used in lower thirds in graphics format , " said one official .
U.S. intelligence officials Monday confirmed that the transcript made public Monday by Al - Jazeera was a complete one .
As part of the " bleed - until - bankruptcy plan , " bin Laden cited a British estimate that it cost al Qaeda about $ 500,000 to carry out the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , an amount that he said paled in comparison with the costs incurred by the United States .
" Every dollar of al Qaeda defeated a million dollars , by the permission of Allah , besides the loss of a huge number of jobs , " he said .
" As for the economic deficit , it has reached record astronomical numbers estimated to total more than a trillion dollars .
The total U.S. national debt is more than $ 7 trillion .
The U.S. federal deficit was $ 413 billion in 2004 , according to the Treasury Department .
" It is true that this shows that al Qaeda has gained , but on the other hand it shows that the Bush administration has also gained , something that anyone who looks at the size of the contracts acquired by the shady Bush administration - linked mega- corporations , like Halliburton and its kind , will be convinced .
" And it all shows that the real loser is you , " he said .
" It is the American people and their economy . "
As for President Bush 's Iraq policy , Bin Laden said , " the darkness of black gold blurred his vision and insight , and he gave priority to private interests over the public interests of America .
" So the war went ahead , the death toll rose , the American economy bled , and Bush became embroiled in the swamps of Iraq that threaten his future , " bin Laden said .
U.S. government officials said Friday that the tape appeared to be authentic and recently made .
It was the first videotaped message from the al Qaeda leader in nearly three years .
With the Republican revolt in the House of Representatives , President Bush is now confirmed as the weakest Commander - in - Chief in modern history .
He puts Jimmy Carter in the shade .
Just as well America faces no serious problems ...
A big opportunity for leadership now from Mr McCain or Mr Obama ( or both ? ) - do they have what it takes ?
And as a backdrop for Sarah Palin 's prime - time outing on Thursday , it could not be worse .
I hear she has been accusing Joe Biden of being old .
Eh ?
Midlifers live their dreams by changing careers
With many people being forced to work longer , some are choosing better jobs .
 --
At 47 , attorney Frank Miele left a lucrative partnership at a law firm to open his own art gallery in New York City , a decision he says took him about " 2½ seconds " to make and one he does n't regret even in these tough economic times .
Joe Sabia of Boca Raton , Fla. , was 46 when he quit his job selling medical products to become a physical education teacher and coach , which he calls " the best job in the world . "
Bartan Kennedy , an assistant kindergarten teacher in Stamford , Conn. , was 50 when she realized she still wanted to fulfill her lifelong desire to be a performer .
So she took a job doing dramatic storytelling at three local libraries and now entertains 200 children every week .
" My audience is young and enthusiastic and forgiving , and I am finally a star , " she says .
With the economy on the skids and retirement benefits being cut , many people realize they will need to continue working much longer than they ever expected , and they 're rethinking how they want to spend those years .
Is there still time to switch , take a risk and pursue an old dream , a secret passion , something meaningful ?
USA TODAY asked to hear from readers who did just that , and dozens responded with details about how they changed course .
" People are realizing that they might be working for a long time , so they might as well find something that they like , " says life coach Laura Berman Fortgang , author of Now What ?
90 Days to a New Life Direction .
At least 5.3 million people ages 44 to 70 in the USA have encore careers , ones that combine income , personal meaning and social impact , and many more would like to pursue such jobs , according to the MetLife Foundation and Civic Ventures , a national think tank .
But figuring out what to do can be a daunting task , experts say , and many people are frozen in indecision and fear .
Too often people dismiss their passions and dreams as improbable because they might need more training or because they feel as if they 'll be throwing away years they invested in graduate school or their current careers , Fortgang says .
Many clients tell her they have no idea how to begin to uncover another passion or dream within themselves .
They say to her : " I do n't know what else I would do . "
She looks at them and says , " I bet you do , but you do n't want to admit it . "
Fortgang has clients write their life stories so they can uncover forgotten interests .
Frank Farley , a psychologist at Temple University in Philadelphia and former president of the American Psychological Association , says figuring out something that will sustain your commitment , passion and drive for years to come takes careful thought .
" I have a simple formula for success in life , " he says .
" Success equals self - knowledge plus motivation . "
When it comes to your self - knowledge , Farley advises taking a hard look at your current job .
What do you like about it , and what do n't you like ?
Ask yourself if you have a passion such as art , landscaping or writing that you will regret not pursuing .
" You do n't want to look back and think , ' I wish I 'd done that . '
" After you come up with some passions or interests that might evolve into a new career , then it 's important to do a dispassionate analysis of them :
Is this enough for me ?
Can I make enough to support myself and my spouse ? "
Miele , 69 , loved painting during his younger years , but after he became an attorney in 1964 , he had little time for it .
But he went to art museums and galleries and started collecting American folk art .
He got to know prominent collectors , dealers , auction personnel and members of the media , he says .
" Unwittingly , I was laying the foundation for a midlife career change , " he says .
As a lawyer , Miele represented big corporations in trials , but after more than 20 years in the profession , he felt he needed a new challenge .
" In terms of my career , there were n't a whole lot of mountains left to climb .
I had attained a lot of them at an early age , and there was n't enough to sustain the enthusiasm for an extended period of time . "
So in 1986 , when an established art gallery owner asked him to partner with him on a new gallery , Miele quickly agreed .
Several years later , Miele opened his own American folk art gallery on Madison Avenue .
Now , he works six days a week at the gallery , and although he does n't make as much money now , he loves what he does .
Today 's economy has been tough for his business , but there are ups and downs in the practice of law too , he says .
" I would have reached mandatory retirement age ( in the law practice ) and been put out to pasture . "
But he has no plans to retire .
" I 'm not going to wait around to die .
When God comes down and tells me my time is up , I 'll probably argue with him . "
Cancer caused her to reassess
Bartan Kennedy of Stamford , Conn. , 65 , also has no plans to retire .
She was a teen model and had dance training for 15 years , performing at Madison Square Garden and appearing on The Ed Sullivan Show .
She graduated from the American Musical and Dramatic Theatre Academy in New York , where she took classes with Eva Gabor and puppeteer Shari Lewis .
Kennedy says she tried to get her " big break " but had to face the grim reality that she " was n't talented enough to make it in such a competitive business . "
Instead , she married her high school sweetheart , Bob Kennedy , raised four children , produced some school plays and became an assistant kindergarten teacher , which she calls a " wonderful rewarding career , which I continue to have after 26 years . "
But after a bout with breast cancer at 50 , Kennedy decided she still wanted to fulfill her dream of becoming a performer .
She heard about an opportunity to tell stories to children at three local libraries .
" A lot of times when you have a life - changing experience , you re-evaluate your life .
I was happy in all areas of my life , but I thought this sounded like lots of fun , and at that time , I needed some fun . "
So she began reading and telling stories , singing and dancing .
She used her skills as a performer to enhance the children 's experience .
She does this four or five time a week .
" My not - so - good singing is perfectly adequate for 3 - year - olds , " she says .
" I am living my dream .
At a time when many are thinking of retiring , I am just getting started .
Broadway , here I come ! "
Some people draw inspiration from their hobbies .
Take Pat Riley of Janesville , Wis .
She worked at a local hospital for 18 years as a data analyst and unit clerk , but at 44 , she was tired of the daily grind .
Her stress reliever and passion was quilting , so she decided to open a quilt shop .
Now , Riley , 49 , works in her own shop seven days a week .
She does n't make as much money as she used to , but it 's enough to supplement her husband 's income .
And she 's happy with her life now .
" Everybody who comes in here has a smile on their face .
It 's not nearly as stressful as my other job .
It 's not someone 's life that you have to worry about . "
Others made lateral moves to add a new dimension to their lives .
Bonnie Sohn , 55 , whose father had Alzheimer 's disease , was an accountant for the same organization in Chicago for 17 years and was pretty content .
But she decided she wanted to do something that made a difference in other people 's lives , so when she heard about an accounting position with the Alzheimer 's Association , she grabbed it .
She is earning the same amount of money and doing similar tasks .
" I spend a lot of time on my job , and I wanted to do something that was doing good for other people . "
' Audition ' your new career
Still , not everyone 's dreams pan out , so people must proceed cautiously , especially if they need to support themselves financially , Farley says .
Some may think they are going to be full - time artists selling their work through eBay , and then they discover there are hundreds of artists out there , he says .
" You have to engineer your passion into some form of reality or you 'll wish you were back in your old job with a reliable paycheck . "
If you do decide to try a new career , consider " auditioning " for it , Farley says .
Get a part - time job in that field or volunteer or take some college classes to see if this is an area you 'd enjoy .
Sabia , 56 , of Boca Raton , tried out his new profession .
He graduated in 1975 with a degree to teach physical education but could n't find a job , so he went into sales instead .
In 1998 , the company Sabia was working for was bought out , and Sabia did n't feel his job was secure .
He was divorced and his children were almost grown , so he quit his job and started substitute teaching .
" I was taking a chance , " he says .
He loved teaching and got a permanent position as a health and physical education teacher .
" This August I started my 10th year at the same high school .
It has been a terrific ride , " Sabia says .
James
Bond may have a licence to kill – but it ’s the Bond girls who provide the license to thrill .
Picking the right girls to appear alongside 007 is probably the second most important factor in the success of any Bond project – behind who is going to play the man himself , of course .
They can make or break a film .
They are as much a part of the Bond mythology as his gadgets , his cars or his vodka martinis .
So choosing the top 20 hottest Bond babes was never going to be easy .
There are the odd exceptions , but Bond girls tend not to be ugly .
Plus everyone has their own favourites .
But hecklerspray has never been one to take the easy road – we love a challenge .
But to make it simpler , we have just gone for the Bond girls who were the sexiest , rather than the ‘ best ’ .
Trying to judge who was the best leads us to all kinds of questions such as ‘ acting ability ’ and ‘ suitability to the role ’ , which , to be honest , we are far too shallow to judge .
We wanted the girls who made you shake rather than stir .
Anyway , sit back , pour yourself a vodka martini and pay attention .
You can disagree later .
20 . Kristina Wayborn ( Magda )
Octopussy ( 1983 )
Forget Maud Adams , Magda was the real Octopussy .
19 . Luciana Paluzzi ( Fiona Volpe )
Thunderball ( 1965 )
A fiery temptress and a personal favourite .
18 . Tania Mallet ( Tilly Masterson )
Goldfinger ( 1964 )
Like her screen sister , did not last long , thanks to Oddjob .
But hats off , she still made quite an impression .
17 . Jane Seymour ( Solitaire )
Live And Let Die ( 1973 )
We ’d all like to have played our cards right with Jane Seymour in her heyday .
16 . Michelle Yeoh ( Wai Lin )
Tomorrow Never Dies ( 1997 )
Beautiful actress who also kicks serious ass .
15 . Sophie Marceau ( Elektra King )
The World Is Not Enough ( 1999 )
Still sizzles despite having manky ears and starring in a terrible Bond film .
14 . Halle Berry ( Jinx )
Die Another Day ( 2002 )
Let ’s face it , she provides the only memorable moment in Die Another Day .
13 . Caroline Munro ( Naomi )
Spy Who Loved Me ( 1977 )
A big favourite with Bond fans , despite the fact she gets killed off pretty quickly .
12 . Izabella Scorupco ( Natalya Simonova )
Goldeneye ( 1995 )
Unfortunately , spent most of the film being overshadowed by Famke Janssen while dressed in a rather unflattering sweater , but certainly deserves a mention .
11 . Shirley Eaton ( Jill Masterson )
Goldfinger ( 1964 )
Eaton sparkles as the ill - fated Jill Masterson , and not just because she is painted gold from head to foot .
10 . Akiko Wakabayashi ( Aki )
You Only Live Twice ( 1967 )
So beautiful you almost forget that Sean Connery has been ridiculously made up to look Japanese .
Almost .
9. Diana Rigg ( Tracy Di Vicenzo )
On Her Majesty ’s Secret Service ( 1967 )
She was admittedly sexier in The Avengers , but still sparkles as Mrs Bond .
8. Eva Green ( Vesper Lynd )
Casino Royale ( 2006 )
Would have been higher if it was not for her odd voice .
7. Barbara Bach ( Anya Amasova )
The Spy Who Loved Me ( 1977 )
Forget the dodgy accent and the fact she has been sullied by Ringo Starr , Barbara Bach brings the X - factor to her role as Agent Triple X .
6. Carole Bouquet ( Melina Havelock )
For Your Eyes Only ( 1981 )
Stunning actress who is always overlooked in the ‘ Best Bond Girl ’ lists .
5. Britt Ekland ( Mary Goodnight )
The Man With The Golden Gun ( 1974 )
Why on Earth did Bond choose Maud Adams over her ?
Great in a bikini , but a terrible actress .
4. Claudine Auger ( Domino Derval )
Thunderball ( 1965 )
Rubbish Bond girl but the former Miss France is certainly one of the prettiest .
3. Honor Blackman ( Pussy Galore )
Goldfinger ( 1964 )
Incredibly sexy and still the greatest character name in film history .
2. Ursula Andress ( Honey Ryder )
Dr No ( 1962 )
The original Bond girl and still arguably the best .
The scene in which she comes out of the sea remains one of the sexiest moments in movie history .
What a sweet ride that would be .
1. Famke Janssen
Goldeneye ( 1995 )
Forget the risks , we ’d all like to be between those thighs .
dropped to three points this week .
Newsweek , CNN , NBC / WSJ , and CBS all report a tie .
But should we believe the most recent public opinion polls ?
Today 's " dead heat " seems inconsistent with other statistics .
Among them : ** New registrations are overwhelmingly Democratic :
The AP reported , just last week ( September 7 ) that during the primary season , " more than two million Democrats [ were added ] to voter rolls in the 28 states that register voters according to party affiliation .
The Republicans have lost nearly 344 thousand voters in the same states . "
** The same AP article reported that nationwide , registered Democrats outnumber Republicans , 42 million to 31 million . **
As recently as September , Gallup reported that the Democrats had a ten percent lead in party affiliation among voters : 47 % to 37 % .
** And 80 % of the American public is " dissatisfied with the way things are going in the United States . " ( Gallup , August 23 , 2008 ) .
And yet Gallup chooses to survey an even number of Democrats and Republicans .
Why ?
In addition , the pollsters contact users of land - line phones and exclude cell phone users .
Presumably , younger and more liberal voters are more inclined to use cell phones .
Both factors would surely inflate the GOP numbers .
Moreover , some of the recent alleged shifts in public opinion strain credulity .
For example , Jonathan Freedland in The Guardian notes that last week , " the ABC News - Washington Post survey ... found McCain ahead among white women by 53 % to 41 % .
Two weeks ago [ before the Democratic convention ! ] , Obama had a 15 % lead among women . "
That 's a shift of 27 % .
And what could account for it ?
We can only assume that three days of GOP bombast from Minneapolis and the introduction of a new , pretty , face , convinced a quarter of those white women voters to change their minds .
Sorry , but that 's more than I can swallow .
Somehow it just does n't add up .
So , should we believe the polls ?
Frankly , I can't offer a simple answer .
But I most assuredly have a few nagging questions .
First of all , why would n't the polling organizations publish results that are as accurate as reasonably possible ?
After all , their reputations , and therefore their profitability , depends upon proven records of accuracy .
The fate of the Literary Digest poll , which predicted the overwhelming defeat of FDR in 1936 , is indelible in the institutional memory of all polling organizations .
Soon after that election , the Literary Digest ceased publication .
But an " accurate prediction " of an election presupposes honest elections .
Thanks to " paperless " electronic voting , on machines operating with secret software , manufactured and programmed by private firms with Republican affiliations , U.S. elections are " faith - based . "
Are our elections honest and accurate ?
Unknown and unknowable .
And the corporate media , both political parties , and the Congress are spectacularly uncurious and unperturbed about the insecurity of U.S. elections .
Furthermore , we now know that the corporate media print and broadcast lies ( Saddam 's alleged WMDs and involvement in 9/11 , Al Gore 's " invention of the internet " ) and fail to report essential truths ( Bush 's AWOL from the national guard , election fraud , John McCain 's involvement with embezzler Charles Keating ) .
So why assume that the same media publishes accurate opinion polls ?
And if the polls are not scrupulously accurate , this does not necessarily mean that their numbers are simply " made - up " on the spot .
Deliberate sampling bias will suffice to yield the " desired " results .
So might it not just be possible that the covert function of opinion polls is not to " track " public opinion or to predict the outcome of elections , but rather to validate the predetermined outcome ?
Likewise unknown and unknowable .
If the major national polls are " in on " another fixed election , it would not be their task to report actual public opinion .
Rather it would be to publish a " prediction " close enough to the outcome to make the theft plausible .
( See my " The Fix is In , Again , " and other essays on election fraud ) .
In the meantime , absent legal , legislative , and journalistic diligence , it is up to individual citizens and citizen organizations such as these ( here , , here , here , and here ) to raise the question of election integrity , and to cite the abundant and growing evidence  anecdotal , circumstantial , and statistical  that during the past decade at least , the " will of the people " has not always prevailed in our national elections .
As Republican Congressman Peter King carelessly blurted out on election night , 2004 : " It 's all over but the counting , and we do the counting . "
Contrary to these dire , and possibly paranoid , suspicions , is this plain fact :
There are numerous polling organizations , independent of each other .
Some of these are affiliated with and sponsored by the Democratic Party .
Thus it is highly unlikely that all of them would be complicit in a grand conspiracy to lie to the American public .
As I said at the outset , I have many questions , some suspicions , but no definitive answers .
But these are questions that all concerned citizens should be asking , even though the corporate media are not .
And if these questions indicate that the polling organizations have lost some of their former credibility , along with the media that publish them , they have only themselves to blame .
Copyright 2008 by Ernest Partridge
Ernest Partridge Social Media Pages :
Dr. Ernest Partridge is a consultant , writer and lecturer in the field of Environmental Ethics and Public Policy .
Partridge has taught philosophy at the University of California , and in Utah , Colorado and Wisconsin .
He publishes the website , " The ( more ... )
The views expressed herein are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of this website or its editors .
OpEdNews depends upon can't survive without your help .
If you value this article and the work of OpEdNews , please either Donate or Purchase a premium membership .
Ubuntu overlord Mark Shuttleworth announced today that the codename for Ubuntu 9.04 , which is expected to arrive in April , will be Jaunty Jackalope .
Ubuntu releases are issued every six months and include the latest versions of popular open source software applications .
Shuttleworth believes that Ubuntu is ready to compete with Windows and Mac OS X and he expects to see the open source Linux distribution ship on millions of devices in the coming year .
" The Warrior Rabbit is our talisman as we move into a year where we can reasonably expect Ubuntu to ship on several million devices , to consumers who can reasonably expect the software experience to be comparable to those of the traditional big OSV 's — Microsoft and Apple , " he wrote in a mailing list post .
" The bar is set very high , and we have been given the opportunity to leap over it .
It 's a once - in - a - lifetime chance to shine , and we want to make sure that the very best thinking across the whole open source ecosystem is reflected in Ubuntu , because many people will judge free software as a whole by what we do . "
The Ubuntu development community is currently gearing up for the 8.10 release , codenamed Intrepid Ibex , which is scheduled for next month .
Ibex will include GNOME 2.24 and lots of other new stuff .
We took an early look at 8.10 back in June and characterized it as a nice incremental bump that will bring improved support for subnotebook devices .
Following the release of 8.10 in October , the developers will begin planning for Jaunty Jackalope .
The blueprints will be assembled during the upcoming Ubuntu Developer Summit which will take place after FOSSCamp in December and will be held at Google 's Mountain View headquarters .
The event is a highly collaborative gathering that will bring together Canonical 's developers and Ubuntu community contributors .
A big focus of the 9.04 release will be improving boot time and general performance .
Shuttleworth also says that the developers also aim to bring tighter web integration to the desktop .
Ubuntu 9.04 will be like a Jackalope , he claims , because it will be lightning fast and will converge desktop and web technologies to create a hybrid software experience .
" There are some specific goals that we need to meet in Jaunty .
One of them is boot time .
We want Ubuntu to boot as fast as possible — both in the standard case , and especially when it is being tailored to a specific device , " he wrote .
" Another goal is the blurring of web services and desktop applications . "
Ubuntu has achieved unprecedented popularity in the desktop Linux ecosystem and is rapidly moving into the general consumer market .
Canonical has high hopes for Ubuntu adoption on netbooks , budget computers that feature a small form factor and tie into the cloud .
Dell is already shipping Ubuntu on its new mini 9 netbook and we expect to see more Ubuntu - based subnotebook products coming soon .
Serving Kitchener , Waterloo , Cambridge and Guelph .
You may have a claim .
NO FEE until your case is settled !
Do n't Wait , CALL NOW !
The government said the internet was not a lawless environment
The law on " suicide websites " is to be rewritten to ensure people know they are illegal , the government has said .
It follows concerns people searching for information on suicide are more likely to find sites encouraging the act than offering support .
It is illegal under the 1961 Suicide Act to promote suicide , but no website operator has been prosecuted .
The law will be amended to make clear it applies online and to help service providers police the sites they host .
Justice Minister Maria
Eagle said there was no " magic solution " to protecting vulnerable people online .
She said : " Updating the language of the Suicide Act , however , should help to reassure people that the internet is not a lawless environment and that we can meet the challenges of the digital world .
" It is important , particularly in an area of such wide public interest and concern , for the law to be expressed in terms that everyone can understand . "
Tighten law Ms Eagle said she hoped the changes would be in force by next year but warned there are " inherent difficulties " with policing " suicide websites " as most are based overseas .
In April , the British Medical Journal reported on a study in which researchers used four search engines to look for suicide - related sites .
The three most frequently occurring sites were all pro-suicide , prompting researchers to call for anti-suicide web pages to be prioritised .
An outright ban on suicide sites would have been unworkable , according to the Samaritans .
But the support service 's public affairs manager , Anthony Langan , said the change in the law would be " a strong step " towards making the internet safer .
In practice it 's very easy to encourage others to take their own lives and it's very unlikely they are going to be prosecuted in a court of law
Paul Kelly
Papyrus charity
" The next step must be to understand how and why people use the internet to find out about issues like suicide , and develop our services in response to the results , " he added .
Paul Kelly , trustee of Papyrus , a charity which works to tackle youth suicide , welcomed the move , saying it would encourage ISPs to be more active in taking down illegal content .
He urged ministers to tighten the law so it was harder for websites to publish material " promoting " suicide .
" In practice it 's very easy to encourage others to take their own lives and it's very unlikely they are going to be prosecuted in a court of law , " he said .
Since 2007 , 23 young people have killed themselves in and around Bridgend in south Wales .
The constituency 's MP , Madeleine Moon , said she welcomed " simplifying and modernising the language of the law " to make it " capable of reflecting the new ways of communicating and accessing information " .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
About The Author Vitaly Friedman loves beautiful content and does n’t like to give in easily .
When he is not writing or speaking at a conference , he ’s most probably running … More about Vitaly Friedman …
40 Creative Design Layouts : Getting Out Of The Box
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Over the last months we have seen a strong trend towards more individual web designs .
These designs often use realistic motifs from our regular life as visuals .
However , apart from visual design elements one can also get creative with the layout of the site – its structure and the way the information is presented and communicated .
To provide you with some ideas of how exactly it can be done , we have collected examples of creative design layouts .
Over the last months we have seen a strong trend towards more individual web designs .
These designs use realistic motifs from everyday life , such as hand - drawn elements , script fonts , pins , paper clips , organic textures and scrapbooks .
That ’s not a big surprise as they serve the function that faceless , shiny , glassy 3D - buttons completely fail to deliver : individuality and personality .
“ Personal ” designs appear more familiar and more friendly .
Used properly , such elements can give a human touch to design and communicate the content in a truly distinctive manner .
However , apart from visual design elements , one can also get creative with the layout of the site — its structure and the way the information is presented and communicated .
To give you some ideas of how exactly it can be done , we have been collecting examples of creative design layouts .
Design was more important to us than a concrete implementation of some creative idea .
We also were n’t interested in whether the code validates or not .
Below are some examples we have found so far .
You may also be interested in the following articles we published earlier :
In the showcase below we present 40 creative out - of - the - box layouts that break the boring 2 - and 3 - columned , boxed layouts .
We have collected pure CSS - designs , CSS + JavaScript - layouts as well as Flash - designs .
Most designs presented below risk their site structure and content presentation with unusual approaches .
That ’s what makes them different .
Hopefully you will find some creative ideas that you can develop further in your future projects .
We strongly encourage designers to break out of the usual boxed layout conventions , experiment with new approaches and risk crazy ideas .
Show what you are capable of !
20 × Getting Creative With CSS
Pavel Buben Pavel Buben uses a magazine cover - style layout for his one - page - site .
Unfortunately , there are no internal pages — it would be interesting to seek how they would be designed .
An interesting and unusual approach .
AIGA Los Angeles AIGA Los Angeles uses boxes in a creative way .
All design elements are placed according to the underlying grid , however they clearly break out of the boxes .
This approach creates tension within the design and looks truly distinctive .
SpaceCollective
For its gallery section SpaceCollective uses a five - column grid .
Text and images are perfectly placed on the grid giving the layout a complete form and a sense of order .
Notice various font sizes and text styling in the design — they introduce a profound visual hierarchy into the layout that works perfectly within the complex , unpredictable layout .
Jason Santa Maria Jason Santa Maria has taken a truly different route with his site layout .
Each article is laid out differently , with strong focus on typography and visual clarity .
Below three of the layouts are presented .
You may have a hard time finding similar layouts on the Web .
Checkout : Point of Sale for Mac ( POS )
At the first glance , Checkout looks like an ordinary Apple grid - layout .
What makes the layout interesting is not only the position of its visual elements , but the fact that each section of the page has its individual ( although consistent ) design .
Still , the layout is very scannable and intuitive .
NOFRKS .design NOFRKS uses JavaScript to slide between various parts of the site .
What we found more interesting was the way the content is presented .
Most elements are placed within a context , giving the content a secondary meaning .
SMS Parking
At the first glance SMSParking has no layout at all .
The design appears to be one single illustration — all elements fit perfectly with each other , creating visual harmony and a sense of balance and closure .
Matriz Communicacao
This Brazilian company delivers a perfect example of how design and content can seamlessly be integrated within a complete yet simple layout .
Mihmorandum Mihmorandum uses a common 3 - column - layout in an unusual way .
Although the structure is quite usual , the design itself looks distinctive and resembles a pile of paper put inside a folder .
3rdM 3rdM uses icons to indicate various navigation options .
This is not a type of layout you will find in many other web designs .
And that ’s what makes the layout creative .
Nile Inside Many portfolios use vertical layout to showcase their works .
Nile .ru displays its works in a chronological order as if it was a horizontal blog .
Rockatee Rockatee uses asymmetry to position content blocks in an unusual yet appealing style .
Notice that the left block perfectly aligns with the navigation option “ Home ” at the top of the page .
The screenshot in the middle of the page spans exactly two navigation options and has the same width as the description block on the right side of the page .
The distortion in the layout is caused by the underlying organic texture .
Although the design is perfectly aligned according to the grid , it seems to be chaotic at first glance .
The tension between order and chaos creates tension in the layout and looks very appealing .
Get London Reading
An effective background image can help a layout stand out .
The effect achieved here fits with the objective of the project — to encourage people to read more .
BL:ND ( blind )
At the first glance , the layout looks underwhelming .
What distinguishes it , though , are the choice of images sizes and a good use of white space .
Notice how well negative space is used in the sidebar , where individual elements are clearly separated and properly aligned .
The width of the images equals the width of the content blocks .
Yes , the layout is boxy , but the wise use of whitespace makes it far from boring .
The portfolio of Hannibal Usually , navigation menus are placed in the sidebar or at the top of the site .
William F. Leffert does it differently .
His non -linear layout literally breaks out of the boxy structure and offers something quite different .
Sometimes it ’s enough to simply experiment with the position of design elements to achieve striking design solutions .
URLshrinker Creative design solutions can be as simple as this one .
An elegant and attractive layout by URLshrinker .
15 × Getting Creative With CSS + JavaScript
ShopComposition ShopComposition offers a sliding navigation at the top of the site .
Users can choose the content they would like to read and select the width of the content blocks .
This store has an integrated blog and some further projects ( such as picture - a - day ) to attract customer ’s attention .
JavaScript in use .
forgetfoo Forgetfoo uses an almost minimalistic , simple layout with a sidebar and a content area .
Designers removed all necessary and unnecessary details focusing only on last blog entries .
The design does n’t contain any category navigation options .
That ’s unusual , but may be a little bit too much of the minimalism .
Navigation through blog posts is realized with Javascript .
Include On Include one content block and the corresponding navigation block seem to “ hang in the air ” .
Essentially the page has two columns ; however .
the layout seems to be quite original — maybe because of the cows placed on the background for some reason .
The navigation on the right - hand side is realized with Javascript .
Kobe
The navigation options at the top of the site are slightly animated yet creating an appropriate atmosphere .
Once one of the sections is clicked , the main content area slides vertically — first the background image , then the content .
If the content area also has some navigation options , they are slided vertically as well .
In this situation it might be a slightly better design decision to use horizontal navigation instead to make it easier for visitors to distinguish between the primary and secondary navigation .
tap tap tap tap tap tap uses a bold and eye - catching layout to deliver the message to its visitors .
The layout , although basically consisting of the sidebar and content area , is not boring at all and looks attractive .
The left - hand side navigation and further effects are created using JavaScript .
youlove.us
The layout on youlove .us is definitely very vibrant .
It uses a large vivid background - image and a the scroll - effect to enable users to quickly jump from one section of the site to another .
Notice that the navigation area is repeated four times , in each of the categories .
Sliding effects are also used for each of the categories .
Instead of using 20 separate page , the layout combines them all on one single page .
The result is compact and user - friendly .
Method : A Brand Experience Agency
This design agency uses a flexible JavaScript - based layout which updates its size depending on the browser window size .
The content is “ packed ” in boxes is usual for such a grid - based design ; however , the alignment of the boxes makes the design literally stand out .
Viget Labs Viget Labs also uses a sliding navigation and a horizontal scroll - effect to make the user interaction more dynamic and hence more appealing .
However , more importantly , the layout itself stands out : the layout is invisible and resembles interactive Flash - interfaces .
CSS + JavaScript in use .
Smashing says : five out of five stars .
Lucuma Lucuma also uses horizontal layout as well as a horizontal slider - navigation .
The simple yet effective integration of background images , navigation , videos and content makes the layout unusual and distinctive .
Axel Peemoeller Design
On this page all design elements are draggable and some of them are clickable .
Images seems to be thrown on you in the first moment , but in the end they all make sense .
This is an unusual portfolio which is memorable and interesting to explore .
IDEO IDEO presents everything on its main page .
The navigation options are placed in the black boxes and somehow arranged among other content boxes .
Once one of the black boxes is hovered , related content blocks are highlighted .
That ’s not something most users would expect from a layout .
Bohdan Levishchenko Bohdan Levishchenko uses the same approach as IDEO , but presents all navigation option at the top of the page .
Single works are presented as images under the navigation and spread throughout the layout .
MelissaHie.com Melissa
Hie places all deign elements on a single large page .
Visitors are basically driven from one site are to another using a scroll - effect .
Hotel Oxford - Timisoara
A single - page - site with a very calm and comforting layout .
All navigation options are available at the first glance .
Once some of the options is clicked , the content block on the left is dynamically replaced .
The logo of the Hotel Oxford always remains on its place .
thruSITES / Portfolio
In this portfolio the illustrations of a designer ’s works seem to somehow be loosely placed on an invisible rope .
When one of the illustration is clicked , all other elements arrange themselves in such a way that the content which this illustration represents becomes dominant .
Erwin Bauer KEG
The portfolio site of Erwin Bauer takes a different approach to using a pannable user interface , but implementing in JavaScript rather than in Flash .
The site allows users to click and drag to pan the canvas , or to use links positioned around the content to move around .
The design is clean , and mimics a design document with regisration and crop marks , and visual cues about the directions the canvas will pan to when you navigate .
5 × Getting Creative With Flash
The Secret Location The Secret Location , a media agency based in Toronto , Canada exemplifies their work , by providing an immersive flash experience around a conjured up story leading a character to follow a mysterious path that leads to the secret location .
Very interactive approach , a very unusual site layout .
Kamil Gottwald
In his layout Kamil Gottwald enables users to define the width of site columns manually .
To navigate vertically users need to scroll horizontally .
Hence no vertical scrollbar is necessary .
Multiple site views are possible .
Grooveshark Lite Grooveshark seems to imitate an iPod - interface and does it indeed very well .
Although it may be not very creative , such layouts are hard to find on the Web .
Jeremy Levine Design
Flash offers many creative possibilities for an interactive navigation design .
Jeremy Levine uses dynamic paper strips which seem to hang in the air .
SeymourPowell SeymourPowell has come up with an interesting idea to provide its visitors with some intuition of how good its work is .
Click on the pile to find out .
Muku Studios “ Let Muku Do You ” : this friendly buddy just wants to remain visible and hence he tries to find some place on the screen to keep an eye on site ’s visitors .
The layout of the site is simple yet memorable — well , Muku makes sure he ’ll be remembered after the browser window is closed .
Click to viewWith or without the cooperation of television networks , your favorite TV shows have moved to the internet in a big way .
On Tuesday we asked you to share the best sites to stream TV , and now we 're back with the five most popular answers .
Keep reading for a breakdown of the best places on the web to find and watch the shows you love on - demand from the convenience of your browser .
Advertisement
Best Sites to Stream TV ?
Television has made an unprecedented move to the internet this fall season , meaning you can now …
Read more
Hulu
Advertisement
Hulu streams high - resolution , ad - supported videos of both television shows and movies .
More specifically , the site distributes content by NBC - Universal , Fox , and a handful of their subsidiaries .
Popular shows hosted by Hulu include The Daily Show , The Colbert Report , Battlestar Galactica , The Simpsons , The Office , and Saturday Night Live .
The biggest complaint leveled against Hulu is its US - only restrictions , though many of you are using previously mentioned Hotspot Shield to access Hulu from outside the US .
Hulu is n't entirely US - only , though — the first show Hulu made available to the world at large was Dr. Horrible 's Sing - Along Blog , with Lifehacker favorite Felicia Day .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
SurfTheChannel
Advertisement
SurfTheChannel aggregates video from all over the internet — including sites like YouTube , MetaCafe , and Hulu ( along with much more obscure sites ) — then makes all of those videos available through a simple , searchable interface .
It 's not always pretty , but the selection is huge .
The downside : According to the STC homepage , the site will shut down on October 1st .
SideReel
Advertisement
SideReel is a video aggregation site similar to SurfTheChannel , providing links to streaming video from all over the internet .
It 's an attractive site , but if you 're there to find video it can be difficult to navigate to begin with .
If video is what you 're looking for , just navigate to the Links section of a show 's page and click on the episode you want .
Straight from the Source
Advertisement
Apart from the sites dedicated to streaming content , more and more networks are building their own on - site tools for streaming content from the source .
For example , the big three networks all have streaming sites : the ABC Full Episode Player , the NBC Video Library , and CBS Video .
If you missed a show you 're dying to catch online , be sure to check the web site of the network it aired on to see if it 's available .
BBC iPlayer
Advertisement
The BBC iPlayer streams content from up to 250 programs from the British Broadcasting Corporation .
BBC iPlayer restricts streaming to the UK - only , but like Hulu , setting up a proxy with an application like previously mentioned Hotspot Shield has worked for many people looking to get around these restrictions .
You 've seen the best options , so now it 's time to vote for your favorite .
Advertisement
The internet is an excellent new frontier for keeping up with the TV shows you love , but it 's certainly not the only way new technology is making it easier to watch TV .
For more , check out six ways to catch your favorite TV shows .
Whether or not your favorite site made the list , let 's hear more about it in the comments .
Six Ways to Catch Your Favorite TV Shows Click to viewWith the fall television schedule in full swing , many of us are back in the habit of Read more
On Saturday , August 16th , megachurch preacher and Purpose - Driven Life author Rick Warren will host the first joint appearance of campaign '08 by Barack Obama and John McCain .
In what CNN is billing as the " Compassionate Leader Forum , " Warren will lead separate conversations with Obama and McCain , who will meet on stage at the beginning and / or end of the event at Warren 's Saddleback Church in Lake Forest , California .
While the anti-gay Warren and his co-sponsor the multi-denominational group Faith in Public Life will apparently be the arbiters of presidential compassion , Reverend Warren insists Saturday 's event is not about " gotcha " questions for the candidates :
" This is a critical time for our nation and the American people deserve to hear both candidates speak from the heart -- without interruption -- in a civil and thoughtful format absent the partisan ' gotcha ' questions that typically produce heat instead of light . "
But for the good people at the Red State blog , that 's simply not good enough .
Declaring that " abortion on demand is non-negotiable , " Red State 's open letter to Reverend Warren insists he promise to confront Obama on the issue .
Failing to do so at the event , " it would be better to cancel it . "
No doubt , Rick Warren will ask Barack Obama about his views on abortion and women 's reproductive rights .
But among the questions on AIDS , poverty , climate change and the candidates ' personal faith , the notoriously reserved on religion John McCain can rest assured he wo n't face tough questions about his own .
Here , then , are 10 questions Rick Warren wo n't ask John McCain .
1 . In 2006 , you recanted your claim six years earlier that Pat Robertson and the late Jerry Falwell were " agents of intolerance . "
What changed your mind ?
During the 2000 campaign , you famously claimed that the late Jerry Falwell was an " agent of intolerance . "
But when Meet the Press ' Tim Russert on April 2 , 2006 asked whether you " still believe that Jerry Falwell is still an agent of intolerance ? " you reversed yourself and said , " no , I do n't . "
The next month , you gave the commencement address at Reverend Falwell 's Liberty University .
Just weeks earlier , the Daily Show 's Jon Stewart asked you , " Are you going into crazy base world ? " to which you replied , " I 'm afraid so . "
Why did you change your position on Falwell and Robertson being agents of intolerance ?
Were you pandering to the " crazy base world " of Republican primary voters ?
2 . You 've said , " The most important thing is that I am a Christian . "
Why is that the most important thing ?
Campaigning in South Carolina last fall , you responded to questions about whether you were a Baptist or an Episcopalian by proclaiming , " the most important thing is that I am a Christian . "
What did you mean by that ?
Was your Christian faith the most important thing for you personally , or just for the heavily evangelical voters of South Carolina ?
3 . Speaking of which , are you an Episcopalian or a Baptist ?
You were raised as an Episcopalian and during your " Service to America " tour in April made a point of visiting your old prep school , Episcopal High .
A Congressional directory lists your religion as Episcopalian , as did a questionnaire your campaign staffers completed in August for a debate in South Carolina .
Yet you 've attended the 7,000 member North Phoenix Baptist Church for 15 years .
Despite never having been baptized , you said of your faith in September , " It plays a role in my life .
By the way , I 'm not Episcopalian .
I'm Baptist . "
So just to clear up any lingering confusion , are you an Episcopalian or a Baptist ?
4 . Will you ask your supporters to respect Barack Obama 's Christian faith ?
On more than one occasion , you pledged to run a " respectful " campaign .
Yet despite Barack Obama 's repeated and heartfelt proclamations of his Christian faith , many in the conservative movement accuse Obama of being a Muslim .
Polling data show that the percentage of American who believe Barack Obama is a Muslim increased to 12 % in July .
Do you believe Barack Obama is a Christian ?
Will you ask your supporters to stop promulgating the myth that his is a Muslim ?
Will you ask them to respect Obama 's Christian faith ?
For that matter , will you ask them to respect the faith of Muslim Americans ?
5 . Do you agree with Pastor John Hagee that war with Iran is the fulfillment of biblical prophecy ?
Back in February , you shared a stage with Pastor John Hagee and said you were " very proud " to have his endorsement .
Then in May , you announced that you " must reject his endorsement , given " deeply offensive and indefensible " remarks he had made about the Holocaust .
But given your own tough talk and past jokes about " bomb bomb Iran " and killing Iranians with cigarettes , do you join Pastor Hagee in believing the United States must attack Iran to fulfill the biblical prophecy of Armageddon in Israel in which 144,000 Jews will be converted to Christianity and the rest killed ?
6 . Why did you change your position on overturning Roe v. Wade ?
In 1999 , you announced your opposition to overturning Roe v Wade , " But certainly in the short term , or even the long term , I would not support repeal of Roe v.
Wade , which would then force X number of women in America to [ undergo ] illegal and dangerous operations . "
But in November 2006 , you answered " yes " when ABC ’s George Stephanapolous asked if " you ’d be for that ? "
Why did your change your mind on overturning Roe ?
Was it so your campaign could claim in a February press release during the Republican primaries that " John McCain is far and away the most consistently anti-abortion of all the top contenders ? "
7 . Do you support the Bush administration 's attempt to redefine many forms of birth control as abortion ?
A draft proposal by President Bush 's Department of Health and Human Services would " withhold government funds from health - care providers and organizations that do n't hire people who refuse to perform abortions or provide certain types of birth control . "
Senator Hillary Clinton wrote HHS Secretary Leavitt that " this definition would allow health - care corporations or individuals to classify many common forms of contraception - including the birth control pill , emergency contraception and IUDs - ' abortions ' and therefore to refuse to provide contraception to women who need it . "
Do you agree with the Bush administration 's proposal to redefine these contraception methods as " abortion ? "
While you 're at it , have you decided whether or not you believe insurance companies covering Viagra for men should also be required to cover birth control for women ?
8 . Do you believe , as you said last September , that " the Constitution established the United States of America as a Christian nation ? "
In an interview with BeliefNet last September , you said that :
" I just have to say in all candor that since this nation was founded primarily on Christian principles , personally , I prefer someone who has a grounding in my faith . "
" I would probably have to say yes , that the Constitution established the United States of America as a Christian nation . "
After withering criticism from Jewish and Islamic groups , you backtracked the next day and claimed , " Yes , I believe a Muslim could be president . "
Do you still believe that " the Constitution established the United States of America as a Christian nation ? "
Do you agree with Mike Huckabee that " what we need to do is amend the Constitution so it 's in God 's standards ? "
9 . Do you believe Americans should pray for rain to end droughts – or to wash out Barack Obama 's acceptance speech at the Democratic National Convention ?
Last November , Georgia Republican Governor Sonny Perdue held a public vigil at the state house to " pray up a storm " to end the drought in the Southeast .
His plea followed on the heels of Alabama Governor Bob Riley 's week - long " Days of Prayer for Rain " that June .
Just days ago , Focus on the Family , led by James Dobson ( who recently announced " the possibility is there that I might " endorse you ) posted a video calling on its supporters to pray for " rain of biblical proportions " during Obama 's DNC speech in Denver .
Should your supporters pray for rain on Obama 's parade ?
Should elected officials lead public prayers for rain to end droughts ?
Do you believe those prayers work ?
10 .
Do you know the difference between Sunni and Shiite Muslims ?
You 've long touted your commander - in - chief credentials in the struggle against Islamic extremism .
Yet on four occasions in under a month , you confused Sunni and Shiite , friend and foe in Iraq .
Given you repeated - and mistaken - statements about a non-existent Al Qaeda alliance with Iran , can you tell the American people : what are the differences between Sunni and Shiite Muslims ?
Of course , those are just some of the uncomfortable questions John McCain could - but wo n't - face from Pastor Rick Warren Saturday .
McCain 's endless reversals on teaching intelligent design in public schools and his dependence on PEPFAR opponent Senator Tom Coburn ( R - OK ) for his AIDS policy are just two .
And then there 's issue of McCain 's past adultery .
When asked by ABC's Jake Tapper during a discussion about John Edwards if he would have " compunctions about voting for someone who had cheated on his wife , " Rick Warren answered , " Absolutely I would . "
Incredible footage of a Tornado hitting a bus in Poland August 15 has surfaced on YouTube , complete with the bus rolling over as the Tornado hits it .
It appears too real to be fake , and news reports confirm the tornado in the area at the time .
Just be happy you were n’t on the bus
OKLAHOMA CITY - After years of working toward this goal , scientists at the OU Cancer Institute have found a way to isolate cancer stem cells in tumors so they can target the cells and kill them , keeping cancer from returning .
A research team at the University of Oklahoma led by Courtney Houchen , M.D. , and Shrikant Anant , Ph.D. , discovered that a particular protein only appears in stem cells .
Until now , researchers knew of proteins that appeared in both regular cancer cells and stem cells , but none that just identified a stem cell .
The group has already begun work to use the protein as a target for a new compound that once developed would kill the stem cells and kill the cancer .
By targeting the stem cells , scientists and physicians also would be able to stop the cancer from returning .
Houchen and Anant are focusing on adult cancer stem cells because of the major role they play in the start of cancer , the growth of cancer , the spread of cancer and the return of cancer .
Current therapies generally do not target stem cells in tumors .
This allows stem cells to wait until after chemotherapy or radiation treatments to begin dividing .
Researchers believe these stem cells are often responsible for the return of cancer after treatment .
The identification of the stem cell marker enables researchers to develop new therapeutics that can target these cells .
Adult stem cells work as essential building blocks in organs by replenishing dying cells and regenerating damaged tissues .
Researchers expect to have initial testing completed to begin the first phase of clinical trials within 5 years led by Russell Postier , M.D.
The compound , if successful in human trials , is expected to be available to the public within 10 years .
###
A quarter of the funding for the cancer research comes from an $ 800,000 grant from the National Institutes of Health with remaining funds from the University of Oklahoma College of Medicine .
NOTE : Unlike embryonic stem cells , the use of adult stem cells in research and therapy is not controversial because the production of adult stem cells does not require the destruction of an embryo .
Jacques : Takeaways from first debate ( if we can call it that )
This debate probably did n’t change many minds .
But I doubt it did much to make anyone more enthusiastic about casting their vote
Akshayuk Pass is used as a hiking trail in Auyuittuq Park
Enlarge Image
A national park in Canada 's Arctic has been partly closed after record high temperatures caused flash flooding .
Hiking trails were washed away and 22 visitors had to be evacuated by helicopter from the Auyuittuq National Park on Baffin Island in Nunavut .
A combination of melting permafrost and erosion means part of the park will remain shut until geologists can examine the damage .
The park consists mainly of glaciers , rock and polar sea ice .
The Auyuittuq - which means
The Land that Never Melts - covers an area of over 19,000sq km ( 7,340sq miles ) and is dominated by the huge Penny Ice Cap .
It is popular with hikers , climbers and skiers .
Ancient trail Pauline Scott , a spokeswoman for Parks Canada , told the BBC News website that after two weeks of record - breaking hot weather in June the ice had " melted at a phenomenal rate - we 've never seen this kind of phenomenon in almost 40 years since the park was first opened " .
Speaking from Iqaluit , the capital of the Canadian Arctic territory of Nunavut , Ms Scott said that due to the massive amount of melting ice " huge portions of what was formerly a 96 km trail in the park have completely gone " .
Most visitors enter the park via the Akshayuk Pass , a traditional travel corridor used by the Inuit for thousands of years .
Now the pass has been closed as the glacier moraine that blocks Crater Lake from spilling into the pass is severely eroded , Ms Scott says , and threatens to create a flash flood .
The federal parks department has asked glaciologists and geologists for advice on whether it is safe to reopen the pass .
Ms Scott says the ground in the park is now very unstable and cracks are appearing along the trail .
She says it is thought that the melting ice is linked to climate change , as temperatures in parts of the Arctic have risen far faster than the global average in recent decades .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Colbert pays tribute to Stephanie Tubbs Jones David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Thursday August 28 , 2008
Print This Email This
In honor of Rep. Stephanie Tubbs Jones , who died unexpectedly last week , Stephen Colbert re-aired a Judge Judy parody he did with her in the early days of The Colbert Report .
" Recently , America lost a great public servant and a good friend of the show , " Colbert began .
" She was a champion for fair elections , civil rights , and ethics reform , and one of the members of Congress that I interviewed on my very first day in Washington for this show . "
" Representative Tubbs Jones was such an ' it ' getter , we gave her her own spinoff , " Colbert continued , " and in tribute to the congresswoman , we 'd like to show it to you one last time . "
Tubbs Jones was also recalled by Senator Hillary Clinton in her speech at the Democratic convention on Tuesday as " steadfast in her beliefs , a fighter of uncommon grace , " and her life was celebrated by the Ohio Democratic delegation on Thursday morning .
This video is from Comedy Central 's The Colbert Report , broadcast August 27 , 2008 .
Download video
The Russo - Georgian war was rooted in broad geopolitical processes .
In large part it was simply the result of the cyclical reassertion of Russian power .
The Russian empire — czarist and Soviet — expanded to its borders in the 17th and 19th centuries .
It collapsed in 1992 .
The Western powers wanted to make the disintegration permanent .
It was inevitable that Russia would , in due course , want to reassert its claims .
That it happened in Georgia was simply the result of circumstance .
There is , however , another context within which to view this , the context of Russian perceptions of U.S. and European intentions and of U.S. and European perceptions of Russian capabilities .
This context shaped the policies that led to the Russo - Georgian war .
And those attitudes can only be understood if we trace the question of Kosovo , because the Russo - Georgian war was forged over the last decade over the Kosovo question .
Yugoslavia broke up into its component republics in the early 1990s .
The borders of the republics did not cohere to the distribution of nationalities .
Many —
Serbs , Croats , Bosnians and so on — found themselves citizens of republics where the majorities were not of their ethnicities and disliked the minorities intensely for historical reasons .
Wars were fought between Croatia and Serbia ( still calling itself Yugoslavia because Montenegro was part of it ) , Bosnia and Serbia and Bosnia and Croatia .
Other countries in the region became involved as well .
One conflict became particularly brutal .
Bosnia had a large area dominated by Serbs .
This region wanted to secede from Bosnia and rejoin Serbia .
The Bosnians objected and an internal war in Bosnia took place , with the Serbian government involved .
This war involved the single greatest bloodletting of the bloody Balkan wars , the mass murder by Serbs of Bosnians .
Here we must pause and define some terms that are very casually thrown around .
Genocide is the crime of trying to annihilate an entire people .
War crimes are actions that violate the rules of war .
If a soldier shoots a prisoner , he has committed a war crime .
Then there is a class called “ crimes against humanity . ”
It is intended to denote those crimes that are too vast to be included in normal charges of murder or rape .
They may not involve genocide , in that the annihilation of a race or nation is not at stake , but they may also go well beyond war crimes , which are much lesser offenses .
The events in Bosnia were reasonably deemed crimes against humanity .
They did not constitute genocide and they were more than war crimes .
At the time , the Americans and Europeans did nothing about these crimes , which became an internal political issue as the magnitude of the Serbian crimes became clear .
In this context , the Clinton administration helped negotiate the Dayton Accords , which were intended to end the Balkan wars and indeed managed to go quite far in achieving this .
The Dayton Accords were built around the principle that there could be no adjustment in the borders of the former Yugoslav republics .
Ethnic Serbs would live under Bosnian rule .
The principle that existing borders were sacrosanct was embedded in the Dayton Accords .
In the late 1990s , a crisis began to develop in the Serbian province of Kosovo .
Over the years , Albanians had moved into the province in a broad migration .
By 1997 , the province was overwhelmingly Albanian , although it had not only been historically part of Serbia but also its historical foundation .
Nevertheless , the Albanians showed significant intentions of moving toward either a separate state or unification with Albania .
Serbia moved to resist this , increasing its military forces and indicating an intention to crush the Albanian resistance .
There were many claims that the Serbians were repeating the crimes against humanity that were committed in Bosnia .
The Americans and Europeans , burned by Bosnia , were eager to demonstrate their will .
Arguing that something between crimes against humanity and genocide was under way — and citing reports that between 10,000 and 100,000 Kosovo Albanians were missing or had been killed — NATO launched a campaign designed to stop the killings .
In fact , while some killings had taken place , the claims by NATO of the number already killed were false .
NATO might have prevented mass murder in Kosovo .
That is not provable .
They did not , however , find that mass murder on the order of the numbers claimed had taken place .
The war could be defended as a preventive measure , but the atmosphere under which the war was carried out overstated what had happened .
The campaign was carried out without U.N. sanction because of Russian and Chinese opposition .
The Russians were particularly opposed , arguing that major crimes were not being committed and that Serbia was an ally of Russia and that the air assault was not warranted by the evidence .
The United States and other European powers disregarded the Russian position .
Far more important , they established the precedent that U.N. sanction was not needed to launch a war ( a precedent used by George W. Bush in Iraq ) .
Rather — and this is the vital point — they argued that NATO support legitimized the war .
This transformed NATO from a military alliance into a quasi-United Nations .
What happened in Kosovo was that NATO took on the role of peacemaker , empowered to determine if intervention was necessary , allowed to make the military intervention , and empowered to determine the outcome .
Conceptually , NATO was transformed from a military force into a regional multinational grouping with responsibility for maintenance of regional order , even within the borders of states that are not members .
If the United Nations would n’t support the action , the NATO Council was sufficient .
Since Russia was not a member of NATO , and since Russia denied the urgency of war , and since Russia was overruled , the bombing campaign against Kosovo created a crisis in relations with Russia .
The Russians saw the attack as a unilateral attack by an anti-Russian alliance on a Russian ally , without sound justification .
Then - Russian President Boris Yeltsin was not prepared to make this into a major confrontation , nor was he in a position to .
The Russians did not so much acquiesce as concede they had no options .
The war did not go as well as history records .
The bombing campaign did not force capitulation and NATO was not prepared to invade Kosovo .
The air campaign continued inconclusively as the West turned to the Russians to negotiate an end .
The Russians sent an envoy who negotiated an agreement consisting of three parts .
First , the West would halt the bombing campaign .
Second , Serbian army forces would withdraw and be replaced by a multinational force including Russian troops .
Third , implicit in the agreement , the Russian troops would be there to guarantee Serbian interests and sovereignty .
As soon as the agreement was signed , the Russians rushed troops to the Pristina airport to take up their duties in the multinational force — as they had in the Bosnian peacekeeping force .
In part because of deliberate maneuvers and in part because no one took the Russians seriously , the Russians never played the role they believed had been negotiated .
They were never seen as part of the peacekeeping operation or as part of the decision - making system over Kosovo .
The Russians felt doubly betrayed , first by the war itself , then by the peace arrangements .
The Kosovo war directly effected the fall of Yeltsin and the rise of Vladimir Putin .
The faction around Putin saw Yeltsin as an incompetent bungler who allowed Russia to be doubly betrayed .
The Russian perception of the war directly led to the massive reversal in Russian policy we see today .
The installation of Putin and Russian nationalists from the former KGB had a number of roots .
But fundamentally it was rooted in the events in Kosovo .
Most of all it was driven by the perception that NATO had now shifted from being a military alliance to seeing itself as a substitute for the United Nations , arbitrating regional politics .
Russia had no vote or say in NATO decisions , so NATO ’s new role was seen as a direct challenge to Russian interests .
Thus , the ongoing expansion of NATO into the former Soviet Union and the promise to include Ukraine and Georgia into NATO were seen in terms of the Kosovo war .
From the Russian point of view , NATO expansion meant a further exclusion of Russia from decision - making , and implied that NATO reserved the right to repeat Kosovo if it felt that human rights or political issues required it .
The United Nations was no longer the prime multinational peacekeeping entity .
NATO assumed that role in the region and now it was going to expand all around Russia .
Then came Kosovo ’s independence .
Yugoslavia broke apart into its constituent entities , but the borders of its nations did n’t change .
Then , for the first time since World War II , the decision was made to change Serbia ’s borders , in opposition to Serbian and Russian wishes , with the authorizing body , in effect , being NATO .
It was a decision avidly supported by the Americans .
The initial attempt to resolve Kosovo ’s status was the round of negotiations led by former Finnish President Martti Ahtisaari that officially began in February 2006 but had been in the works since 2005 .
This round of negotiations was actually started under U.S. urging and closely supervised from Washington .
In charge of keeping Ahtisaari ’s negotiations running smoothly was Frank G. Wisner , a diplomat during the Clinton administration .
Also very important to the U.S. effort was Assistant Secretary of State for European and Eurasian Affairs Daniel Fried , another leftover from the Clinton administration and a specialist in Soviet and Polish affairs .
In the summer of 2007 , when it was obvious that the negotiations were going nowhere , the Bush administration unilaterally decided the talks were over and that it was time for independence .
On June 10 , 2007 , while visiting the Albanian capital of Tirana , Bush said , referring to the negotiations , that " sooner rather than later you 've got to say enough 's enough . "
He then succinctly put the U.S. position , " Independence is the goal .
Kosovo 's independent .
The question is whether or not there 's going to be endless dialogue on a subject that we have made up our mind about . "
The U.S. stance was reiterated a month later by the Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice who said that " one way or another " Kosovo would gain its independence , regardless of Russian opposition at the UN .
Europeans took cues from this line .
How and when independence was brought about was really a European problem .
The Americans set the debate and the Europeans implemented it .
Among Europeans , the most enthusiastic about Kosovo independence were the British and the French .
The British followed the American line while the French were led by their foreign minister , Bernard Kouchner , who had also served as the U.N. Kosovo administrator .
The Germans were more cautiously supportive .
On Feb. 17 , 2008 , Kosovo declared independence and was recognized rapidly by a small number of European states and countries allied with the United States .
Even before the declaration , the Europeans had created an administrative body to administer Kosovo .
The Europeans , through the European Union , micromanaged the date of the declaration .
On May 15 , during a conference in Ekaterinburg , the foreign ministers of India , Russia and China made a joint statement regarding Kosovo , which was read by the Russian minister Sergei Lavrov :
“ In our statement , we recorded our fundamental position that the unilateral declaration of independence by Kosovo contradicts Resolution 1244 .
Russia , India and China encourage Belgrade and Pristina to resume talks within the framework of international law and hope they reach an agreement on all problems of that Serbian territory . ”
The Europeans and Americans rejected this request as they had rejected all Russian arguments on Kosovo .
The argument here was that the Kosovo situation was one of a kind because of atrocities that had been committed .
The Russians argued that the level of atrocity was unclear and that , in any case , the government that committed them was long gone from Belgrade .
More to the point , the Russians let it be clearly known that they would not accept the idea that Kosovo independence was a one - of - a - kind situation and that they would regard it , instead , as a new precedent for all to follow .
The problem was not that the Europeans and the Americans did n’t hear the Russians .
The problem was that they simply did n’t believe them — they did n’t take the Russians seriously .
They had heard the Russians say things for many years .
They did not understand three things .
First , that the Russians had reached the end of their rope .
Second , that Russian military capability was not what it had been in 1999 .
Third , and most important , NATO , the Americans and the Europeans did not recognize that they were making political decisions that they could not support militarily .
For the Russians , the transformation of NATO from a military alliance into a regional United Nations was the problem .
The West argued that NATO was no longer just a military alliance but a political arbitrator for the region .
If NATO does not like Serbian policies in Kosovo , it can — at its option and in opposition to U.N. rulings — intervene .
It could intervene in Serbia and it intended to expand deep into the former Soviet Union .
NATO thought that because it was now a political arbiter encouraging regimes to reform and not just a war - fighting system , Russian fears would actually be assuaged .
To the contrary , it was Russia ’s worst nightmare .
Compensating for all this was the fact that NATO had neglected its own military power .
Now , Russia could do something about it .
At the beginning of this discourse , we explained that the underlying issues behind the Russo - Georgian war went deep into geopolitics and that it could not be understood without understanding Kosovo .
It was n’t everything , but it was the single most significant event behind all of this .
The war of 1999 was the framework that created the war of 2008 .
The problem for NATO was that it was expanding its political reach and claims while contracting its military muscle .
The Russians were expanding their military capability ( after 1999 they had no place to go but up ) and the West did n’t notice .
In 1999 , the Americans and Europeans made political decisions backed by military force .
In 2008 , in Kosovo , they made political decisions without sufficient military force to stop a Russian response .
Either they underestimated their adversary or — even more amazingly — they did not see the Russians as adversaries despite absolutely clear statements the Russians had made .
No matter what warning the Russians gave , or what the history of the situation was , the West could n’t take the Russians seriously .
It began in 1999 with war in Kosovo and it ended in 2008 with the independence of Kosovo .
When we study the history of the coming period , the war in Kosovo will stand out as a turning point .
Whatever the humanitarian justification and the apparent ease of victory , it set the stage for the rise of Putin and the current and future crises .
The original version of this piece contained the following information , " On June 10 , 2007 , Bush said that the end result of negotiations must be ' certain independence . '
In July 2007 , Daniel Fried said that independence was ' inevitable ' even if the talks failed .
Finally , in September 2007 , Condoleezza Rice put it succinctly : ' There 's going to be an independent Kosovo .
We 're dedicated to that , ' " which should have been attributed to Alan J. Kuperman .
This has been changed .
Welcome to iPhone : Your Crappy Mac of Tomorrow , Today !
Note : this post is a long non-technical rant .
Please skip it if you do n't want to read that kind of thing .
I promise that this will be a rare event .
My employer got me an iPod Touch shortly after Apple announced the official iPhone SDK , but it ended up not doing much for a while .
Due to various things beyond the scope of this post , I did n't do any SDK work with it .
And since I rarely listen to music outside of my office and my car ( which has no iPod hookup ) , it did n't get used very much for anything .
Arrival
With the release of the 2.0 firmware I started using it more .
Apps like Remote , AOL Radio , and Pandora really make the thing more useful .
This has also led me to use the built - in apps more frequently .
It 's a lot more convenient to skim through my e-mail on the iPod than it is to lug a laptop downstairs for breakfast .
Having a credit - card sized web browser is also very handy .
( Unless your page uses Java , or Flash , or requires real JavaScript mouse events , or ....)
But as they say , familiarity breeds contempt , and after using it more these past few weeks , I 've come to realize that the iPhone platform is really pretty crappy in a lot of ways .
And these ways are mostly not due to hardware limitations , but rather artificial limitations put in place by Apple .
And mostly these are limitations which have been put in place For Our Own Protection , and which have been , shockingly , praised from many quarters .
Counterattack
Let 's take a common scenario .
I want to chat with my wife in China while I check out the latest mailing list posts .
I prefer to use Meebo for my IM needs , as I find the official AIM client to be too clunky , slow , and annoying ( not to mention that it only does AIM ) .
You can make this work .
Open two pages in Safari , one for Meebo , the other for Gmail .
They both function , mostly .
Except Mobile Safari apparently does n't run JavaScript in backgrounded pages , so I have to make sure to switch back to Meebo every few seconds , lest I get connection errors .
But it works , for the most part .
So this is annoying , but usable .
It works for a little while .
And then Mobile Safari , in a delightful fit of absentmindedness , decides that it no longer wishes to remember my Meebo page .
It clears it from memory , reloading it the next time I switch to it , signing me off , and probably losing whatever pending messages I had n't read yet .
Alright , so I 'll switch to AIM .
This makes the process significantly more cumbersome when switching back and forth , but due to AIM 's server - side support , at least I can be away from AIM for longer without getting any errors or actually signing off .
But now , of course , Safari decides to have another fit of amnesia , and forgets the contents of the page I 'm viewing , reloading it .
Helpfully , this makes gmail forget my place and take me back to the inbox .
Great .
So much for chatting and viewing the web .
Never mind that I could do this just fine on my Quadra 610 over a decade ago , with vastly less computational power and only a slightly larger screen .
Let 's try something else , like listening to music while I chat .
So I hit Music , choose a track , then go off to chat .
Works fine !
Of course I do n't bother loading much music onto this thing since it's a pain to do , so I 'd rather listen to internet radio .
Let 's fire up AOL Radio instead .
Pick a good station , then go chat .
Whoops , music stopped .
Suddenly I notice my App Store icon has a badge .
I have some updates !
Ah , maybe an AIM update will make it suck less .
A Twinkle update too .
And a few others , no doubt all good .
I click update .
Enter my password .
Again .
For a bunch of free updates .
They begin to download and install .
Ah yes , this takes a while .
To pass the time , I 'll go read the latest updates on Twinkle .
Hmm , my Twinkle icon is gone .
Oh , it 's moved to the next page .
Oh , I can't run it , because it 's downloading and installing .
Crap .
I 'll just stare at the progress bar until it 's done .
Waiting ... it 's done !
It 's still on the next page !
Now let 's pass the time by manually moving AIM , Twinkle , and the three other apps that got updated back to where they started .
Oh yeah , and not only did they all forget where I had placed their icons , but half of them just forgot everything they knew about me .
And then to top it all off , I get a receipt in my e-mail for the half - dozen free updates I just downloaded .
Total charges : zero dollars .
Shake Before Using
I can't expect too much from Apple .
After all , 2.0 is really a 1.0 of all the fancy new stuff , and it 's only been a year since the very first release .
And Apple does n't need to do everything perfectly , just provide the framework so third parties can fill in the gaps .
Oh yeah , about that .
How about a third - party app that would let me run AOL Radio in the background ?
Hmm , violates Apple 's terms , nuts .
Maybe a third - party application launcher to replace the default one .
Nope .
Maybe just a Safari plugin to make it less strict about purging certain pages from memory .
Ah , crap .
Wait , I have the perfect solution .
Let 's just write our own browser , and music player , and Twitter client , and chat client , and mail client , and app updater , all in the same application .
And then we can stick a launcher front - end on it .
And then , since it's all the same application , we can multitask and switch and run in the background as much as we want .
After all , who needs an operating system with process management .
AppleWorks showed us just how well the highly integrated application can work .
Single - tasking is how it was done on the Apple II , it was how it was done on the original Mac , and by god , it 's good enough for the iPhone .
Well , unless you 're Apple , of course .
After all , you would n't want " Music " to quit just because you launched Safari .
Never mind that the third - party music players that I actually want to listen to can't do it .
Reprisal
After spending a month or so really using this thing , I feel like I 've gone back to the dark ages .
This is GS / OS 4.0 . Mac System 1 . But unlike those , Apple is n't letting us developers patch over their holes .
There will be no MultiGS , no Switcher .
No plugins , no launchers , no daemons , no services , no improvements .
Unless Apple makes them , of course .
But do you think they will ?
I 'm going to keep using this thing .
Despite all the flaws , it 's still a useful device to have , especially when I did n't have to pay for it myself .
But right now , I 'm only getting maybe 10 % of the hardware 's potential , and this is all Apple 's fault .
I suppose I could jailbreak and get some of these fixes , but I do n't like hacking at closed hardware , always afraid Apple will shut it down , searching for hours for the right program to crack open the device and expose the juicy goodies inside , afraid to hit the wrong button and turn it into an expensive brick .
I wish they would just let up on the thumbscrews already , let us lowly users install what we wish , and let the platform evolve naturally .
Rebellion
But my big fear , what prompts me to write this article , is that this is just a preview of bigger things to come .
Specifically , I think that Apple is going to start pushing Mac OS X in the same direction as the iPhone .
Maybe not today , maybe not tomorrow , but over the next few years .
There 's no smoking gun that makes me say this , but there are some worrying indicators :
First , some miscellaneous things like Apple 's long time pointless usage of the ptrace ( ) call in an attempt to protect iTunes , DVD Player , and any other program that uses Apple 's DVDPlayback .
framework from being debugged .
There are also encrypted binaries which showed up in 10.4 as part of the Intel switch .
Second , code signing .
This is , after all , what Apple uses on the iPhone to deny access by " unapproved " applications .
Code signing is something that can be used for good or for evil , and despite many assurances from Apple people that it 's only intended for good , it appears to me that Apple has yet to make up their minds about it in Mac OS X .
For example , code signing is used to avoid re-prompting the user for keychain access when updating a signed application .
This is good .
It 's also used to give Apple applications special privileges to bypass the firewall even when the firewall is set to " do not allow anything through under any circumstances at any time ever , period " mode .
This is very bad .
Code signing is used pretty much only for evil on the iPhone , and it could easily shift that way in Mac OS X as well .
For all we know , Snow Leopard will come with a switch that says " only allow Apple - approved applications " , and it will default to On .
Guess what that will do to us third - party developers .
Last , Apple 's focus and attention seems to be on the iPhone , and the sentiment coming out of Cupertino is one that the iPhone is good , all of the stupid , crippling restrictions on how it works are good , and Apple always knows best .
After all , what platform got basically 100 % of the attention at this year 's WWDC keynote , and what platform got 0 % of the attention ?
Hint : the desktop
Mac you are probably reading this post on is not in the 100 % category .
This is the same keynote , let 's remember , where high - up Apple people ridiculed the idea that anyone would ever have a legitimate reason to run applications in the background .
Unless that application is made by Apple , of course .
And then they came up with their brilliant idea of push notifications , which totally replace the need for background processes , unless you 're writing a music player , or a web browser , or GPS logger , or a terminal emulator , or file downloader , or ....
The iPhone is not just a crappy platform .
It 's a crappy platform which may very well turn our beloved Mac OS X into a crappy platform too .
Right now Apple has two platforms .
One of them is powerful , rich with history , open to any development , and hacker friendly .
One of them is deliberately crippled , difficult to use for any kind of advanced tasks , will not accept code without the Apple Official Seal of Approval , and is extremely hacker unfriendly .
The latter platform also has all of Apple 's love and attention right now .
How long can it be until these Apple higher - ups , who talk down to us about background processes and told us that web apps were an awesome way to develop , decide that the desktop Mac OS X could use some of this closed system code signing restricted seal of approval sauce too ?
Try Again
Now , before you post a comment , or write about this , or even criticize this post in your head , there are some points I would like you to keep in mind :
No , I have n't forgotten how resource constrained the device is .
I am concerned that a lot of people have forgotten how resource constrained their once - powerful desktop systems of yesteryear were .
128 MB of RAM and a 600MHz ARM is more than enough to run a modern mobile operating system , a music player , a chat client , and a web browser .
Hunting down a runaway process that 's destroying your battery life sucks , to be sure .
But you know what sucks more ?
Not being able to listen to music while I chat .
You want to know why Apple does n't have a switch in the settings that says " enable background applications " ?
Because everybody would turn it on as soon as they found it .
Apple does n't feel like putting in the effort to do it right .
They 're taking the cop -out of simply disabling it ( except for their own apps , because do n't forget , they know better than you ) , and then telling us what a great favor they 're doing to all of us by destroying the functionality of our devices .
Do n't even think about mentioning viruses , worms , trojans , or other forms of malware .
Mac OS
X is an open system which will run any code you hand it , and somehow it has not been overrun with malware .
The iPhone installed base is currently about one tenth the size of the Mac OS X installed base , and as such represents an even smaller target .
Likewise , no talk of how rich people are going to get off the App Store .
First of all , I 'm doubtful that anyone will get rich .
With only a few million iPhones in the world , you 'd have to get an extremely large percentage of them to buy your stuff to get rich .
Secondly , even if a few select developers do get rich , this has no bearing on how much Apple is destroying my user experience .
And last , none of this stuff about it not being a miniature laptop .
I know it 's not a miniature laptop .
But when a device is advertised as being able to play music and browse the web , is it too much to ask that it can do both at the same time ?
Yeah , I 'm angry .
I 'm tired of being fed crap and being told that it 's caviar .
I 'm a very long - time Apple user , and I do n't think that they are going in the right direction with any of this stuff .
And no , the fact that several million people are willing to plunk down hundreds of dollars for an iPhone 3G of their very own is not going to convince me otherwise .
Did you enjoy this article ?
I 'm selling whole books full of them !
Volumes II and III are now out !
They 're available as ePub , PDF , print , and on iBooks and Kindle .
Click here for more information
And I think that 's it .
Flame away !
Comments :
Add your thoughts , post a comment :
Spam and off - topic posts will be deleted without notice .
Culprits may be publicly humiliated at my sole discretion .
Tuesday , 09 Sep , 2008 Offbeat
A doctor was sentenced to 3 years in prison after the French court found him guilty of pretending to be a plastic surgeon and putting in danger patients who were illegally operated in an abandoned clinic in Marseille .
In June Michel Maure was accused of luring hundreds of people to the dirty abandoned clinic and performing painful , unhygienic surgical operations in the period between 2002 and 2004 .
The court ordered Maure to pay 75,000 euro ( $ 107,600 ) fine and to give money back to his victims .
It is worth mentioning that about 100 patients filed complains of disfigurement and permanent damage to their health .
While the court prepared its ruling the fake surgeon went on the run but was later captured in Spain after police spotted him on a luxury yacht .
Maure was an experienced doctor .
However , he was not trained to be a plastic surgeon .
After his illegal activities at the Marseille clinic he was struck off the list of appreciated French doctors .
According to the French media , Maure called himself " one of the greatest surgeons in the world . "
Source : News Yahoo
Schoolboy found hanged after his father confiscated his new Wii
Jake Roberts
A boy of 13 hanged himself with his school tie after his father confiscated a computer game .
Jake Roberts wanted to play it on his Nintendo Wii console but could n't because his sister was watching TV .
An argument developed and when his father confiscated the game Jake stormed to his room .
Hours later he was discovered hanging from his bed by his father .
The talented teenager , described as a sensitive boy with a fantastic imagination enjoyed writing stories and poems and even had one verse published after his school entered it into a competition .
The inquest heard evidence from Jake 's devastated parents , Andrea and John , who lived with their son and daughter in Scarborough , North Yorkshire .
Mrs Roberts a bank clerk , became tearful as she recalled how her son had stormed off to his room after being told he could not play on the game .
She said : ' We gave him some money for his birthday so he went out and bought a computer game .
' When he came back he wanted to play it but his sister was using the television .
' He had a temper tantrum and stormed off upstairs . '
Mr Roberts , a printer , said : ' The first thing I saw when I walked in to Jake 's bedroom was all the paper he had ripped up on the floor during his tantrum .
' The door was open with his bed to my left behind the door .
I was going to tell him off when I turned .
It took me a few seconds to register what I was seeing .'
' His school tie was round his neck and he was hung from his cabin bed .
I tried to lift him and his tie was attached to a bar on the bed . '
An ambulance was called and Jake was rushed to Scarborough Hospital , but he was pronounced dead two days later as a result of hanging .
Mr Roberts continued : ' I honestly do n't think he meant to hang himself .
I think he was mad about the computer game and just did something stupid . '
Mrs Roberts added that the family had watched an episode of the BBC drama Casualty together weeks , before which had featured a young person hanging themselves .
Scroll down for more
Jake Roberts : Found hanging in his bedroom after an argument
She said : ' It did occur to us a few weeks after this happened that we had seen a Casualty programme on a Saturday night at about 8 pm .
' This had shown a hanging .
I know I was really shocked they had shown it at that time .
' But I do n't think anything he had seen influenced him .
When he was younger he had a bit of a temper and he'd had tantrums with us before . '
Recording a verdict of accidental death at the inquest in Scarborough Coroner Michael Oakley said : ' There is no evidence whatsoever that he took things he had seen into account .
' He did n't have any particular temper tantrums other than those you would expect from someone who had just become a teenager .
' There had been a minor argument .
The circumstances in which he was found do not suggest to me this was a deliberate act to end his life . '
In a statement after the verdict , Jake 's grieving parents said : ' Jake was a kind , caring and sensitive boy who had a wonderfully dry sense of humour and huge potential for the future .
' He had a special and unique talent for writing stories which stemmed from a fantastic imagination .
' We love him so very much and miss him more and more with each passing day , and are still struggling to come to terms with his loss . '
Jake was a popular pupil at St Augustine 's Roman Catholic secondary school in the town and a page on social networking site Bebo has been dedicated to him .
It features emotional tributes from school friends .
One reads 'your face just made my face light up in a way , just to see your big cheesy grin .
Miss you loads ' .
Another simply says : ' Miss you every single day you have a special place in everyone 's heart . '
We ’ve now had a week of blaring headlines and one - liners about Sarah Palin as the mavericky , pork - busting reformer from Alaska .
But we seem to be witnessing the first stirrings of a backlash and a dawning realization that the ‘ Sarah Palin ’ we ’ve heard so much about over the last few days is a fraud of truly comical dimensions .
The McCain camp has made her signature issue shutting down the Bridge to Nowhere .
But as The New Republic put it today that ’s just “ a naked lie . ”
And pretty much the same thing has been written today in Newsweek , the Washington Post , the AP , the Wall Street Journal .
Yesterday even Fox ’s Chris Wallace called out Rick Davis on it .
( Do send more examples when you find them . )
On earmarks she ’s an even bigger crock .
On the trail with McCain they ’re telling everyone that she ’s some kind of earmark slayer when actually , when she was mayor and governor , in both offices , she requested and got more earmarks than virtually any city or state in the country .
Think about that .
On the stump , not a single word that comes out of her mouth — or not a single word that the McCain folks put in her mouth — is anything but a lie .
I know that sounds like hyperbole .
But just go down the list .
None of them bear out .
What ’s the metaphor ?
What movie character is she like ?
Some iconic phony , yes .
It ’s on the tip of my tongue but I ca n’t place it .
Help me with this .
Could you live on an average of less than $ 10,000 a year ?
According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor 24.4 million households do .
But at what price ?
Statistics from the Consumer Expenditure Survey show the bottom 5th of America get by , but are often in debt spending double their yearly income .
Life happens .
Maybe you are a retiree living on a fixed income and rapidly dwindling savings .
Or , recently have become unemployed and again will get by , at least until your savings runs out .
There are students in the bottom fifth using student loans to supplement expenses knowing the price tag will be high six months after graduation when its time to pay on the loans .
Where does help come from ?
Sometimes the only way to get by is to take extreme measures you would n’t normally take .
Personal loans from family and friends .
Make sure you and your lender agree that the loan is most likely a “ gift ” .
Having loaned money to a friend almost two years ago I have written off the loan as a gift as not a penny has been paid back .
Those struggling to this extent are likely not to have the means to pay the loan back for a long time .
So be sure you are upfront about your situation when asking for help as not to destroy the relationship .
Make sure you and your lender agree that the loan is most likely a “ gift ” .
Having loaned money to a friend almost two years ago I have written off the loan as a gift as not a penny has been paid back .
Those struggling to this extent are likely not to have the means to pay the loan back for a long time .
So be sure you are upfront about your situation when asking for help as not to destroy the relationship .
Credit cards .
25 % of those in the bottom 5 th struggle with leveraged debt ; using 40 % of their limited income to keep up with debt payments , according to the Economic Policy Institute .
25 % of those in the bottom 5 struggle with leveraged debt ; using 40 % of their limited income to keep up with debt payments , according to the Economic Policy Institute .
Payday loans .
You write a personal check payable to the lender for the amount you want to borrow , plus the fee for borrowing the money .
The company gives you the amount of the check less the fee , and agrees to hold the check until your next payday .
You are charged new fees every time the loan is extended .
These types of loans are a recipie for disaster and often times do more harm than good .
Spending double your income , you have to be supplementing somehow .
These are three ways many use to get by ; but is there a better way ?
Making the best of a tough situation
No one wants to live this way , but for some it is a reality that ca n’t be helped .
In an effort to keep debt from spiraling out of control there are a few things you can do .
Have an Emergency Fund .
Saving is hard even when you do have the means .
For those in the bottom 5 th , saving is imperative .
You may not have access to credit without high interest rates or predatory loans .
And , you ca n’t afford fees associated with late payments .
Having an emergency fund can be a lifeline when an unexpected expense comes up , like a co-pay for the doctor , new medicine , or a flat tire .
Instead of taking on debt you ca n’t afford you can draw on the emergency fund to help you .
Saving is hard even when you do have the means .
For those in the bottom 5 saving is imperative .
You may not have access to credit without high interest rates or predatory loans .
And , you ca n’t afford fees associated with late payments .
Having an emergency fund can be a lifeline when an unexpected expense comes up , like a co-pay for the doctor , new medicine , or a flat tire .
Instead of taking on debt you ca n’t afford you can draw on the emergency fund to help you .
Make smart tax decisions .
Those in the bottom 5 th qualify for the earned income tax credit as well as several others for those with significantly below average incomes .
Be sure to take advantage of any tax breaks even if it means having to pay someone to help you .
Those in the bottom 5 qualify for the earned income tax credit as well as several others for those with significantly below average incomes .
Be sure to take advantage of any tax breaks even if it means having to pay someone to help you .
If it sounds too good to be true , it probably is .
Those struggling to stay a float are often victims of scams .
Preying on the poor businesses such as payday lenders make their money on those that rely on them to get by , by charging outrageous rates to borrow from them .
Debt relief providers often tote what seams to be a miracle for those that ca n’t afford to pay on their unsecured debt .
Here is a list of what to look for in a debt relief provider :
Solid record with the Better Business Bureau ( BBB )
In business long enough to have built a solid reputation Electronic payment processing to ensure consistency Existing relationships with most creditors and collection agencies Support network to connect with other community members and find out how they are handling the day - to - day challenges of being in debt Reasonable fee structure – ask the amount of fees and how they are paid ( many settlement firms try to hide their excessive fees )
Full disclosure of how settlement works , fees involved , likely impacts to credit profile , and the projected time to complete the program Robust educational resources to help you build your money management skills
Breaking free from the bottom 5th is not going to be easy .
With the cards stacked against you it can be difficult to ever see yourself getting ahead financially .
But , it can be done with hard work , changing your lifestyle , and asking for help when you need it .
Are you part of the bottom 5th ?
What are you doing to break free ?
Democratic vice - presidential nominee Joe Biden has said that that he and running mate Barack Obama could pursue criminal charges against the Bush administration if elected to the White House this November .
Biden said that an Obama - led government would go through Bush administration data with “ a fine - toothed comb ” and pursue charges if necessary .
He told ABC News " If there has been a basis upon which you can pursue someone for a criminal violation ... they will be pursued , not out of vengeance , not out of retribution - out of the need to preserve the notion that no one , no one , no attorney general , no president , no one is above the law . "
Addressing a crowd in Deerfield Beach , Florida , Biden also highlighted the importance of the election in terms of the Supreme Court , noting that the next administration might appoint as many as three new justices .
" The single most important domestic decision that a president gets to make on his own or her own is the Supreme Court , " he said .
Biden 's comments chime with Obama 's remarks in April .
He vowed that if elected , he would ask his attorney general to initiate a prompt review of Bush - era actions to distinguish between possible " genuine crimes " and " really bad policies " .
" If crimes have been committed , they should be investigated .
You 're also right that I would not want my first term consumed by what was perceived on the part of Republicans as a partisan witch hunt , because I think we 've got too many problems we 've got to solve . "
However when asked about his comments today , Biden said he has no evidence that criminal charges would be warranted and no intention of pursuing action against the current president .
" What is true is the United States Congress is trying to preserve records on questions that relate to whether or not the law has been violated by anyone .
" But , you know , there 's been an awful lot of unsavoury stuff that 's gone on .
And the mere fact that it occurred in a previous administration does n't mean a subsequent Justice Department , if , in fact , there 's evidence , should n't pursue them .
" But I have no evidence of any of that .
No one 's talking about pursuing President Bush criminally . "
In June a former Democratic presidential contender , Dennis Kucinich , called for the impeachment of George W Bush claiming that the president set out to deceive the nation , and violated his oath of office with the Iraq war .
Democrats have also issued subpoenas to Bush administration aides as part of inquiries into the authorisation of alleged torture at Guantanamo Bay .
Three officials have been held in criminal contempt of Congress for refusing to respond to the subpoenas .
However former chief political adviser Karl Rove , former counsel Harriet Miers and current chief of staff Josh Bolten have refused to appear .
Belfast Telegraph
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) -- Pervez Musharraf has agreed to resign as president of Pakistan to avoid being impeached by Parliament or prosecuted , according to media reports Thursday .
The controversial leader is expected to step down in the next few days , according to media reports Thursday .
Musharraf agreed to resign following secret negotiations between Musharraf 's aides and the Pakistan 's People 's Party , the leader of the coalition that rules Parliament , The Wall Street Journal reported in its online edition , citing unnamed sources .
See Wall Street Journal story
Part of the push for impeachment is thought to include Musharraf 's declaration of a state of emergency in 2007 , after which he was re-elected president , the Journal reported
Musharraf will leave in exchange for a guarantee that he will not be impeached or prosecuted , the Journal reported .
Musharraf 's intention to step down was also reported by other media organizations , including the New York Times .
His resignation would mark the end of a stormy administration that began when Musharraf led a military coup that overthrew Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif in October 1999 .
Musharraf emerged as a key U.S. ally after the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks .
Pakistan became a key area in the hunt for Al Qaeda and its leader , Osama bin Laden , who then were based in neighboring Afghanistan .
But Musharraf 's administration , his military and spy service appeared to walk a tightrope between supporting the U.S. and cooperating with Al Qaeda and with the Taliban movement in Afghanistan .
Musharraf also became controversial for what many saw as a dangerous authoritarian streak .
In 2002 , he held a widely - criticized referendum that enabled him to secure support for another five - year term as president .
Later that year , a pro-Musharraf legislators won control of the Parliament in elections that observers said were flawed .
By late last year , Musharraf was facing growing opposition that only became stronger after Benazir Bhutto , leader of the opposition Pakistan People 's Party , was assassinated in December 2007 .
In February , the Pakistan People 's Party , now led by her husband , Asif Ali Zardari , won the most seats in Parliament and formed a ruling coalition opposed to Musharraf .
In April , the coalition announced its plan to impeach Musharraf .
" Our children have grown up and we are divorced so it 's time for us to be who we really are , " says Jenny - Anne .
You may also like ...
O.K . Industries , a poultry company in Arkansas upset about rising feed costs , said this was the first year since the company was founded during the Great Depression that it could not afford to give its employees a wage increase .
An agency spokesman said the E.P.A. can approve the request , deny it or take a middle path .
The deadline is Thursday , but the agency says it needs more time to review public comments and formulate a decision .
The agency ’s authority derives from a 2005 energy law that sets some of the most important ethanol quotas .
The law says states can petition the agency for a reduction in the ethanol mandates on the grounds of severe harm to the economy or environment .
Decisions must be made after consultation with the secretaries of energy and agriculture .
Ethanol is under siege from other quarters .
Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison , Republican of Texas , has introduced legislation calling for a freeze of the mandate at the current level , saying it “ is clearly causing unintended consequences on food prices . ”
The measure is co-sponsored by 11 other Republican senators , including John McCain , the presumptive presidential nominee .
The Federal Reserve chairman , Ben S. Bernanke , testified last week that “ it would be helpful ” to remove a 51 - cent - a - gallon tariff on imported Brazilian ethanol .
If Brazilian ethanol enters the United States market , domestic producers argue , the industry will suffer .
Image A mixture of yeast , enzymes and urea is poured into a batch of milo grain for fermenting into ethanol at the Reeve plant .
Credit ... Kevin Moloney for The New York Times
In a new report , the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development is critical of biofuels , saying further development will raise food prices while doing little for energy security .
Then officials announced that traces of melamine had also been discovered in some samples of liquid milk , including some produced by the country ’s leading dairy producers .
All tainted dairy products were then ordered off store shelves , and officials have announced many arrests .
At least three infants have died from kidney problems linked to the melamine .
Victims also have been found beyond mainland China for the first time , as health authorities in Hong Kong reported over the weekend that an infant had been sickened by melamine in formula from the mainland .
For the government , the scandal is a recurrence of food safety concerns that arose just last year and that officials had pledged to correct with revamped regulatory controls .
Last year , thousands of pets in the United States were sickened from food made with Chinese feed laced with melamine .
At the time , officials issued regulations banning the use of melamine in food products .
Melamine , high in nitrogen , is used to make plastics and fertilizers , but it can be used illegally to artificially inflate protein levels in milk or other foods .
On Sunday , state media carried reports of Prime Minister Wen Jiabao visiting Children ’s Hospital in Beijing .
“ Do n’t cry , and it will be over in minutes , ” he was quoted as telling a 9 - month - old girl undergoing an examination .
The Ministry of Health reported that none of the infants , as yet , had been linked to contaminated liquid milk .
Of the nearly 13,000 sickened , officials said 1,579 had already recovered and been released from hospitals .
Over all , the ministry said nearly 40,000 infants had been examined .
Expanding Violence Germany Discovers a War in Afghanistan
For years , Germans have preferred to see their country 's presence in Afghanistan as armed development assistance .
That myth is now becoming more difficult to maintain as the violence spreads to the north where the Germans are based .
Von SPIEGEL
Staff
John McCain does n't seem to be able to give a straight answer when Rob Caldwell , from WCSH in Portland , Maine pushes him on Palin 's National Security creds .
McCain tries to spin around it first by saying " the economy ' is the most important issue .
Did n't he once say HE knows nothing about the economy ?
And now he says she 's the all time energy expert in the world which makes her Commander in Chief .
Download Download ( h/t Scarce ) ( very rough transcripts )
McCain :
The economy is the major challenge .
Q : You have said that the number one issue facing the US , and that is addressing the challenge of our time is Islamist extremism .
What credentials does Gov Palin have in National Security , diplomacy , foreign policy that qualified her to be your partner on that issue ...
McCain :
Well , obviously the economy is a major challenge ...
Q : No , I 'm using your words Senator .... <>
McCain : I said the greatest challenge of our time is national security threats and I 've also said jobs and economy is the number one issue facing America so , but the point is that Gov. Palin is right on the issues .
She understands energy which is one of the fundamental issues of our security .... She was right on Iraq , she was right on Russia ....
Q : You say you 're sure she has experience , but again I 'm just asking for an example .
What experience does she have in the field of national experience .
McCain : Energy .
She knows more about energy than probably anyone else in the United States of America ..
She knows energy !...
I did n't know that 's all she needed to know about our national security ... I guess as long as she agrees with McCain , that 's all the experience she needs .
Is anybody watching McCain ?
Sure , I 'll cover his VP , but he 's still running for President and he 's stumbling around in the dark .
He 's the key !
McCain represents four more years of BushCo.
Conservatism is a failure .
Look where we are .
Joe says :
McCain is clueless .
Clueless about his v.p .
No wonder the McCain campaign does n't want McCain answering questions .
He can't .
Nice work by Rob Caldwell .
The McCain campaign thinks the local reporters will only throw softballs .
Actually , it 's the national reporters , like ABC's Charlie Gibson , who throw the softballs .
Marcy says : McCain Makes the Case that Energy State Governors Are Great on National Security
Adam chimes in with : McShameless McCain
This man stopped by while I was visiting with my friend , Sajid .
I remember that he was a building contractor ( and a rather busy one considering the 2005 earthquake ) , but I never caught his name .
This is just one of those faces you absolutely have to photograph .
Fortunately , my friend was able to translate posing instructions for me , since I do n't speak Pari or Urdu . ”
All You Need To Know About Roof Restoration
Today S&R presents a second TunesDay , completely free of charge .
The anticipation is finally over : Project Phoenix , the new CD from Fiction 8 , is now out .
And was it ever worth the wait .
S&R readers may know F8 front man Mike Smith without realizing it : he ’s a frequent commenter here ( and I ’ll let him unmask if he so chooses ) .
So for us , this TunesDay is about family , sorta .
The new disc represents a significant step forward for the band .
Most notably , bassist Mardi Salazar has assumed a much greater role in the creative process , writing and singing about half the tracks on the album .
Her contributions afford Project Phoenix a rich balance , both tonally and lyrically .
Mike ’s angst and cynicism are still evident , but are tempered by Mardi ’s softer , more haunting approach .
Or maybe “ softer ” is n’t quite the right word here .
F8 ’s music is unambiguously darkpop – industrial with goth overtones , but essentially pop in structure .
Smith ’s songs have always hit like a boot to the gut .
Sometimes the rage is palpable , other times muted beneath layers of self - doubt , but even his most thoughtful moments – and perhaps especially his most thoughtful moments – leave some part of you hurting .
Mardi ’s voice is more conversational , however .
It packs plenty of punch – it ’s just that the fist is enveloped in a silk glove .
Apologies if I sound like a really bad music critic here ( and I am a bad music critic – I do n’t do this for a living for a very good reason ) .
I ’m not good describing bands , I fear .
The good news is that you can sample several of the tunes at their site and listen to some full tracks at their MySpace page .
My favorite track ?
“ Hegemony , ” the cut that closes the album ( the decision to sequence it here , right after the desperation of “ In Orbit , ” was nothing short of inspired ) .
In an upcoming edition of WordsDay I ’ll explain more about my affection for this particular track .
Meanwhile , Project Phoenix comes with the coveted S&R Seal of Approval .
I encourage you to give it a listen .
Larison has a sharp post on McCain 's political style :
Contrary to the conventional pundit interpretation that McCain has “ sold his soul ” and abandoned his once - honorable former self , the thing to understand about McCain ’s lies in this campaign is that he invests these misrepresentations with his utter contempt for his opponents .
From McCain ’s perspective , this infusion of contempt seems to transform shoddy , baseless attacks that disgrace him into indictments of the other politicians ( e.g. , Romney wants to surrender in Iraq , Obama would rather lose a war than lose an election ) .
If McCain thinks he is always honorable , resistance to him and his ideas must ultimately be villainous and vicious , and we have seen him deploy his perverse , solipsistic ends - justify - the - means concept of honor against Romney and now against Obama .
McCain ’s admirers have largely missed this either because they happened to agree with McCain on policy or because they have mistaken his language of honor and principle to refer to the meanings that they attach to these terms .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
The Lord of the Rings Online : Should You Play the Game or Just Enjoy the Films ?
Do you want to watch The Lord of the Rings Online or play the game ?
Well , loyal fans of the LOTR universe could not seem to decide .
If the books were n’t enough proof that their fandoms go way back , both the film adaptations and the massive multiplayer online role - playing game or MMORPG made waves among loyal fans .
Whether it ’s the book series , movies , or the official video game , the Lord of The Rings universe surely has that kind of pull that keeps the fans coming .
In this piece , we look back on The Lord of the Rings Online ’s journey through the years .
The Lord of the Rings Online Through The Years
First released in 2007 , The Lord of the Rings Online launched in North America , Australia , Japan , and Europe .
It started as a subscription - only game but turned into a free - to - play experience with a paid VIP subscription for interested players .
The game earned high - praise for being reported as the third most played MMORPG by the NPD group .
The recognition proved how the fans of the Tolkien and the realm of the Middle - Earth embraced the gaming franchise .
Now run by The Standing Stone Games and a decade later , the game continues to soar among fans all over the world .
The Verdict
So , do you want to watch The Lord of the Rings Online or play the game ?
If you have been a fan of the realm of the Middle Earth for a while now , you would say that both would be a great experience in itself .
The most important factor here , though , is that The Lord of the Rings Online MMORPG still waves its flag proudly after all these years .
Knowing that this game , as well as the movies and the books , has been doing so well in the gaming world , it sure looks like it ’s definitely here to stay .
The new flu vaccine could be universally effective and offer long - lasting immunity , instead of annual jabs ( file picture )
Clinical trials of a new universal flu vaccine that could offer long - term protection against strains including human mutations of bird flu are starting at Oxford University .
If successful , the jab would overcome two problems – at the moment , doctors can only vaccinate against certain strains of flu and have to change the formulation every year in response to the developments of new variants .
Lead researcher Dr Sarah Gilbert , of the university 's Jenner Institute , said : " This approach to influenza vaccination is unsatisfactory for use against seasonal influenza and of little use when new types of flu begin to infect humans from birds .
" It leaves manufacturers with a few months to produce the necessary stocks , the vaccine has to be administered to at - risk populations within a short time window , and those receiving the injection will all have to be vaccinated again the following year . "
If initial trials on 12 volunteers are successful , the vaccine will have further testing before it can be approved for use .
Existing flu vaccines work by producing antibodies in reaction to proteins on the surface of the virus .
But it is those proteins that change between strains and develop over time , so the new vaccine instead attacks internal proteins that remain unchanged .
This should make it universally effective .
Belfast Telegraph
News , tips and tricks from Google 's Gmail team and friends .
Marvel released a preview for the upcoming issue # 573 of Amazing Spider - Man , which is extra-sized because it includes an 8 - page back up story featuring the one and only Stephen Colbert .
Marvel Comics and The Colbert Report have enjoyed a good symbiotic relationship for the past couple of years , ever since Colbert — a hardcore D&D , Star Trek and comic book geek himself — helped promote Marvel 's politically infused Civil War mini-series in 2006 and subsequent big Marvel events such as the death of Captain America .
In return , he was rewarded with Captain America 's shield ( now proudly displayed on his trophy wall ) and his presence is felt throughout many of Marvel 's books , occasionally appearing in the backgrounds and / or referred to .
Remember back in October of last year , when Colbert ran for president in his South Carolina hometown ?
He dropped out of the race a month later , but in the Marvel universe , his campaign continued on strong ; and now he 's swinging off weblines with Spidey ?
Slick .
Marvel is proud to reveal that Spider - Man and acclaimed television personality Stephen Colbert will join forces in an all new eight - page story featured in the extra-sized AMAZING SPIDER - MAN # 573 !
Acclaimed writer Mark Waid and fan favorite artist Patrick Olliffe present Stephen Colbert , a candidate for the U.S. Presidency in the Marvel Universe , teaming up with Marvel 's most iconic crime fighter .
What could bring these two together ?
And what will it mean for both their futures ?
This issue also features a special Colbert variant by Marvel EiC and industry superstar Joe Quesada !
Plus , do n't miss the stunning conclusion to the sold out " New Ways To Die " from the dream team of Dan Slott & John Romita Jr !
Do n't you think that Obama and McCain would get even more votes if they were fighting side - by - side with Thor ?
Or would aligning with a Norse God offend the Evangelical crowd ?
Check out this preview page .
Treatment of Bad Breath
1 ) Yearly Checkups
Even if you do not give yearly booster vaccinations it is wise to take your pet to a veterinarian yearly to get a general checkup that includes a dental exam .
The older your pet is the more important early exams become .
2 ) Diet
To retard the formation of plaque feed your pet a name brand dry commercial pet food .
The crunchy biscuits help massage gums and wear away tartar .
Some brands , like Friskys , market dental diets engineered to minimize plaque and massage the gums .
Other brands incorporate enzymes to dissolve plaque .
One of the worst things you can do to your pet ’s teeth is to feed canned diets .
The build up of plaque in pets fed soft , canned diets is very rapid .
In a Duke University study , it was found that feeding cow tracheas ( windpipes ) with a little meat attached kept dogs teeth in great condition .
Other investigations in research dog colonies fount that feeding oxtails once a week prevented serious periodontal disease .
3 ) Treats
Feeding chewy treats ( like cow ears ) , bones , rawhide and treats impregnated with enzymes minimize dental plaque .
Nylon bones work equally as well if the pet accepts them .
If you give your pet real bones be sure they are heavy shin and shank bones .
Dogs and cats do better chewing on bones if they start when they are puppies and kittens .
Do not give your pet chicken bones .
4 ) Brushing teeth
Brushing your pet ’s teeth is the most important thing you can to maintain healthy teeth and gums .
Use a child ’s toothbrush and meat or malt favored toothpaste designed for animals .
Use a very small amount of toothpaste – it is the brushing that is important – and concentrate on the gum margins . .
If you start when your pet is a puppy or kitten the pet will not dislike the procedure .
Even older pets learn to accept the toothbrush .
5 ) Mouth wash and sprays
Veterinary hospitals and pet supply out lets sell chlorhexidine sprays and mouthwashes that contain enzymes that dissolve plaque and help reduce bacteria .
They are not nearly as effective as brushing the teeth but are better than no home care .
Manual tartar removal
If your pet has a placid temperament it is not difficult to scrap the tartar from the teeth and clean under the margins of the gums at home .
Many pet professionals perform excellent tooth cleaning at home eliminating the need to have their pet anesthetized at a veterinary clinic .
Your veterinarian or a pet supply catalog is a good source for a tartar - scraping tool .
The best ones are double ended , one end suitable for the right and the other for the left hand side of the mouth .
Ultrasonic cleaning
Because the whine of the ultrasonic machine is distressing to most animals , this procedure is performed with general anesthetic or heavy tranquilization .
Since it is often older patients , many of whom have heart disease , that need the procedure , I keep them under very light anesthetic .
Removal of diseased teeth
Once the ligaments that fasten teeth to the bone of the jaw have been damaged by periodontal disease ultrasonic cleaning will not heal them .
Mildly loose teeth can sometimes be preserved by cleaning and several weeks of doxycycline therapy either with oral tablets or oral patches .
Severely loose teeth are best removed .
Dogs and cats do very well with few remaining teeth .
Problems are more in the minds of owners due to fear than to any difficulties experienced by the pets .
Tooth restorations
Some veterinarians and dentists specialize in crowns for damaged pet teeth .
Other than for attack dogs , this is a purely cosmetic procedure satisfying the owner , not the pet .
I suggest you spend the money on your pets in other ways – such as a trips with your pet to the country or the park and contributions to your local Humane Society .
Tags : Cow Ears , dog bad breath , dog breath
Fearing enemy infiltration , American troops stopped refugees streaming down the roads and told them to return home or stay in the hills , or risk getting shot by allied troops .
On Jan. 14 , 1951 , the Army ’s X Corps under Maj. Gen. Edward M. Almond ordered the “ methodical destruction of dwellings and other buildings forward of front lines which are , or susceptible of being , utilized by the enemy for shelter . ”
It recommended airstrikes .
“ Excellent results ” was how American pilots summarized their strikes at Sansong on Jan. 19 , 1951 .
The same day , however , one of General Almond ’s subordinates , Brig .
Gen. David G. Barr of the Seventh Infantry Division , wrote to General Almond that “ methodical burning out poor farmers when no enemy is present is against the grain of U.S. soldiers . ”
At least 51 villagers , including 16 children , were killed in Sansong , according to the Truth and Reconciliation Commission .
The attack on Tanyang followed the next day , when , survivors say , American planes dropped napalm near the entrance of the cave where refugees had sought shelter .
“ When the napalm hit the entrance , the blast and smoke knocked out kerosene and castor - oil lamps we had in the cave , ” Eom Han -won , then 15 , said in an interview .
“ It was a pitch - black chaos  people shouting for each other , stampeding , choking .
Some said we should crawl in deeper , covering our faces with wet cloth .
Some said we should rush out through the blaze .
Those who were not burned to death suffocated . ”
Like Mr. Eom ’s family , most of the people there were refugees who had been turned back at an American roadblock south of Tanyang , survivors said .
In the days before the attack , the cave was packed with families .
When the American warplanes flew in from the southwest , children were playing outside amid cattle and baggage .
That day , the Seventh Division ’s operations logs noted that 13 planes attacked “ enemy troops ” and “ pack animals and cave . ”
It reported “ many casualties and got all animals . ”
Mr. Eom , who rushed out of the cave into a hail of machine - gun fire from the planes but survived , said , “ The Americans pushed us back toward the enemy area and then bombed us . ”
He said he lost 10 family members .
I have a love affair with my gym .
She ’s not much to look at : a rubber track and weight room in a dank basement , but appearances are n’t everything .
She ’s there on my best days and on my worst days .
We never fight , and she does n’t care what I look like as long as I give her my full attention for a few hours a week .
I was talking with a fellow gym goer recently ( the gym and I have an open relationship ) .
He mentioned that whenever he is facing something frustrating , he goes to the gym .
The gym is his form of therapy , and if I think about it , it ’s my stress release too .
So , I ’d like to present my list of seven reasons the gym is better than therapy .
Note : I ’m joking .
If you ’re facing serious problems , talk to someone and face them , do n’t just vent at the gym .
But , for smaller stresses , the gym can be one of the best therapists money can buy .
# 1 – The Gym is Cheaper
A typical gym membership costs about $ 300 a year .
If you go to a therapist , once a week for $ 100 an hour , that ’s $ 5200 per year .
If anything , the gym is a discount stress - reliever , far cheaper than paying someone to hear you talk .
Another benefit : the gym does n’t charge for the hour .
If you need ninety minutes to sort out a particularly stressful day , she wo n’t mind and she wo n’t charge you extra .
If you want to go a few times a week , or even twice on the same day , that ’s fine too .
In some places , gyms are even open 24 hours , so you can resolve stress at any time of day .
# 2 – The Gym Wo n’t Give Advice
At first , this does n’t seem like a benefit .
The reason you pay a therapist is to get advice on your problems , right ?
But , sometimes it can be .
Many times you go looking for advice , you really just want to think .
You want an empathetic ear to hear your worries while you think about what to do .
I ca n’t say the gym is empathetic ( she ’s pretty unfeeling ) .
But , she does n’t give you advice .
So if you want to think a situation over for an hour before coming to a decision , she ’s patient .
# 3 – You Wo n’t Get Fat
The gym does double - duty .
She helps you keep your stresses to a minimum , and she keeps you in shape .
That ’s the kind of package deal you ca n’t get lying on a couch .
# 4 – Free Drugs ( natural , of course )
When you exercise , your brain releases endorphins .
These chemicals are associated with feeling happy and relieving pain .
Your body also releases endorphins during an orgasm and when taking cocaine .
The extra endorphins often result in a “ runner ’s high , ” a feeling of well - being after exercise .
# 5 – Breathing Exercises
Your breathing affects how you feel .
Try to stay angry after taking ten , 15 - second breaths .
Although some therapy may do breathing exercises , the gym is a constant breathing exercise .
If you ’re lifting weights , you exhale as you lift the weight and inhale as you lower it back down .
When you ’re running , you need to keep a constant breathing pace in line with your steps .
Match your breathing with the up and down of a push - up and you ’re practically meditating .
# 6 – Focused Distractions
Sometimes you just need a distraction .
After a stressful day with work , friends or family , you need to take your mind away from your problems .
Unfortunately , sometimes it can be hard to pry your mind away .
If you ’re looking to be distracted , most therapy is definitely out .
Talking about your issues is n’t a good way to take your mind away from them .
But the gym can provide an outlet , forcing you to focus on something else for an hour .
# 7 – Little Wins to Rebuild Your Confidence
The gym gives you plenty of opportunities for little victories .
Every time you do a little bit more , run a little further or last a few minutes longer , you ’ve won .
Those little wins rebuild your confidence after a setback .
Stewing in your problems is a recipe to trash your self - image .
If you can get a few more victories under your belt , you can feel better about yourself .
Your First Session
The gym takes a bit of time to get used to .
If you have n’t been in regular sessions for at least a month or two , your time spent with each other might make you feel worse , not better .
You need to get comfortable with your level of fitness so that frustrations outside the gym do n’t translate into frustrations because you ’re out of shape .
The best part about the gym is that you do n’t need a reason to go .
Just shoes , a pass and thirty minutes .
Mozilla 's second alpha of Firefox 3.1 is upping the ante in the next - generation browser battle .
So how do the main contenders stack up so far now ?
One thing 's for sure , the Firefox team has taken note of Google 's recent Chrome release and worked hard to make sure its offering can hold its own .
Mozilla had already claimed its 3.1 version could outperform Chrome when it comes to speed ( and most independent tests show it at least tying ) .
Now , the engineers have incorporated Chrome - initiated options such as the ability to drag and drop tabs in and out of browser windows .
The second alpha release also adds support for the HTML 5 video tag , which gives Web developers expanded options for embedding video within a page .
Do n't forget , too , that Microsoft 's new Internet Explorer 8 beta 2 -- released at the end of August and quickly eclipsed by Chrome 's introduction -- is also vying for a piece of the pie .
Here 's a breakdown of the high and lowlights of each offering and where it stands as far as a full release .
Contender # 1 : Google Chrome
The status : Windows beta released September 2 .
Mac OS X and Linux versions still under development and said to be coming soon .
No indication of targeted full release date .
The good :
Reliability .
Chrome 's multiprocess architecture makes a bad Web page less likely to take down the whole browser .
Speed .
Chrome loads fast and keeps your surfing super - fast .
Simplicity .
Its clean design wastes no screen space .
Searching .
The Omnibox lets you type search terms or URLs into a single spot and figures out what you want .
Privacy .
Chrome offers an " Incognito " mode that lets you easily leave no footprints from where you 've been .
The bad :
Privacy .
Chrome 's taken a lot of heat for its monitoring and collection of user data , some of which happens before you even hit enter .
Security .
It did n't take long for users to discover vulnerabilities in the beta browser .
Several of these have already been patched .
Reliability .
Some sites and online services still do n't work with Chrome .
Consistency .
Because Chrome is build on the WebKit system , it differs from the dominant platforms that most designers focus on .
Support .
Chrome does n't yet have any add - ons or customization options available .
It 's yet to be seen how these , once developed , will compare to the rich options available for Firefox .
Contender # 2 : Firefox 3.1
The status : Second alpha build released September 5 .
Beta expected in the next month .
Full release targeted for end of 2008 .
The good :
Strong foundation .
Mozilla 's already built a loyal following with Firefox , and it does n't intend on letting that go .
With Firefox 3.1 , you know you 'll have a powerful library of add - ons and support already at your fingertips , not to mention the slew of other assets unveiled in Firefox 3.0 .
Speed .
Mozilla says its still - under - development TraceMonkey JavaScript platform will leave Google 's V8 in the dust .
The second alpha build revs things up , too , with added support for " Web workers " -- a system that lets multiple scripts run as background processes .
Competitive edge .
Mozilla 's developers have good reason to watch what Chrome is doing -- and work to match it , if not one - up it .
The bad :
Security questions .
Some studies -- albeit , Microsoft - funded ones -- have suggested Firefox , with its frequent new versions , is more susceptible to threats than the other options .
Crash potential .
Unlike Chrome , Firefox does not have separate environments for each tab -- so one rogue page can still take the whole program down .
Support .
Firefox has worked hard to snag a small portion of the browser market share , and most early predictions show Chrome taking away more of its userbase than IE's .
Google 's focus on Chrome will also take away some of its previous focus on Mozilla 's development efforts .
Will Firefox be able to remain a key player in the browser war ?
Contender # 3 : Internet Explorer 8
The status : : Second beta released August 27 .
Full release expected before the end of 2008 .
The good :
Support .
Love it or hate it , Internet Explorer is hanging on to about three - quarters of the browsing market with its default status in all Windows machines .
You know developers and designers are going to cater to it .
Security .
With Microsoft at its helm , IE hangs on to a reputation of safe and reliable browsing .
Privacy .
IE 8 was the first to offer a no-record browsing mode , branded here as InPrivate Browsing .
Searching .
IE 8 's Smart Address Bar offers similar functionality to Chrome 's Omnibox , letting you type in URLs or search terms and taking you to the right place .
Added add - ons .
IE 8 finally catches up to Firefox with a new " Gallery " full of third - party add - on options ..
The bad :
Speed .
Independent tests have found IE 8 to be significantly slower than the alternative choices .
Resources .
IE 8 uses a lot of memory compared to its competitors -- a factor that could considerably slow down the rest of your system .
Crash potential .
While IE 8 does use separate processes for tabs , similar to Chrome 's approach , it does not do so to the same degree
-- still leaving room for a total meltdown .
Competition questions .
Can IE 's add - ons reach the level of Firefox's ?
Already , some users are complaining of problems even getting them to work .
That 's the lowdown on the battle 's current status .
Remember , all three of these programs are still early in their development , so many of the pluses and minuses could change as things move forward .
One thing 's for sure , though :
This battle is on , it 's growing fierce , and each of its contenders will do anything it can to win .
By the time John McCain took the stage on Thursday night , we wondered if there would be any sign of the senator we long respected  the conservative who fought fair and sometimes bucked party orthodoxy .
Certainly , the convention that nominated him bore no resemblance to that John McCain .
Rather than remaking George W. Bush ’s Republican Party in his own image , Mr. McCain allowed the practitioners of the politics of fear and division to run the show .
Thursday night , Americans mainly saw the old John McCain .
He spoke in a moving way about the horrors he endured in Vietnam .
He talked with quiet civility about fighting corruption .
He said the Republicans “ had lost the trust ” of the American people and promised to regain it .
He decried “ the constant partisan rancor that stops us from solving ” problems .
But there were also chilling glimpses of the new John McCain , who questioned the patriotism of his opponents as the “ me first , country second ” crowd and threw out a list of false claims about Barack Obama ’s record , saying , for example , that Mr. Obama opposed nuclear power .
There was no mention of immigration reform or global warming , Mr. McCain ’s signature issues before he decided to veer right to win the nomination .
As we all know , a recession is very bad for politics , especially in an election year .
The much overdue market correction has been postponed once again by a massive injection of billions of dollars into the world economy .
At a time when massive malinvestment of capital has been the ongoing theme , the US government / FED partnership instead offered four massive doses of more of the same to try and stave off the inevitable until the new President takes office :
First , the debased US dollar has boosted exports and helped the GDP to remain positive .
As the Federal Reserve continues to print cash by the truckload and pass it to any institution capable of getting rid of it ( for a profit , of course ) , this is likely to continue until a massive correction causes the fountain to finally run dry .
Once the dollar has been inflated beyond the value of the paper it is printed on , the presses will fall silent for the first time since 1913 .
Second , by setting interest rates below the rate of inflation , the Federal Reserve discouraged savings and encouraged borrowing and spending .
They need more borrowing to get all of this hot new cash onto the market , which leads nicely on to :
Thirdly , massive government lending kept the financial service industry solvent and the mortgage lenders operating .
The fact that it is morally wrong to tax one and give to another is compounded by the act of taxing the savers and workers and giving to the irresponsible and downright reckless amongst us .
These people were not starving .
They did not need an act of charity to tide them over .
Fourth , stimulus checks have kept Americans spending money that they have not earned but will pay for in higher ( much higher ) prices .
The dumping of billions of dollars onto the American market is an act of outright theft against the world at large and the American people in particular .
The best thing we as a people could have done with those stimulus checks is burn them .
Apart from the moral wrongness of all this , the damage done by way of inflation will be enormous .
Although these government and Federal Reserve palliatives have succeeded in calming the immediate crisis ( by saddling American taxpayers with massive liabilities ) , they have not removed the cause and the inevitable correction will be all the more painful to peoples the world over .
Even the most insignificant life in the remotest part of the world is effected by the value of the almighty American dollar , making the crimes being committed against our monetary medium a true crime against the whole of humanity .
Instead of placing the blame firmly and squarely at the door of the Federal Reserve and demanding government redress of a sore grievance , the media machine will dutifully find anyone EXCEPT the real culprits to blame and We The People will be left to pick up the tab .
WITH oil prices nudging $ 140 a barrel , Saudi Arabia stands to receive a windfall this year of up to $ 400 billion , double what it earned from selling oil last year .
Gloom at the world 's petrol pumps , it may be assumed , can only mean hand - rubbing glee for their biggest supplier .
Such is the case with some of the kingdom's rivals in the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) , the cartel that supplies over one - third of the world 's crude .
Iran , for instance , has consistently argued against doing anything to bring down prices .
Why , then , have the Saudis mounted a risky bid to do just that , by boosting oil output and summoning the world 's top energy officials to an emergency meeting in Jeddah on June 22nd ?
The reasons span history , economics and geopolitics .
No one in the Saudi oil ministry has forgotten what happened after the oil shock in the 1970s .
The Arab boycott called in 1973 to protest against Western backing for Israel tripled oil prices .
But it also prompted oil exploration in tricky places such as the North Sea and conservation measures that reduced demand .
The result was a long - term slump in crude prices and a drop in the Saudis ' market share .
The Saudis fear that the intensified search by the West for alternative energy will result in the same thing happening again .
But the more immediate worry is that high oil prices may slow not just America 's but the whole world 's economy .
That would trigger a sharp fall in demand for Saudi oil .
Just as bad , a sharp global slowdown would slash the value of the kingdom 's hundreds of billions of dollars in overseas holdings .
No wonder Ali al - Nuaimi , like his predecessors as Saudi oil minister , often cites “ customer satisfaction ” and “ market stability ” .
Saudis retain another nasty memory from the 1970s .
Branded as gluttons , they became a stock figure of ridicule in Western cartoons .
And sudden wealth brought social strains at home that helped create a fundamentalist backlash that produced , among other things , al - Qaeda .
The Saudi desire not to be stigmatised for the world 's woes , this time , may be gauged by their donation , last month , of a generous $ 500 m to the UN's World Food Programme .
Today 's sky - high oil price carries another political risk .
It empowers Iran , the revolutionary Shia state that the conservative Sunni Saudis view as their main rival for regional influence .
Even as the world has ratcheted up sanctions to punish Iran for its suspected nuclear ambitions , the Islamic Republic has cashed in the rewards from soaring fuel prices .
The tightness of the oil market has become , in effect , a line of defence for Iran , letting its radical leadership hint , truthfully , that any hostile act that may impede the flow of Iranian oil would risk a global economic decline .
So Saudi Arabia 's motives for wanting to lower prices are clear .
The trouble is that it cannot manipulate markets as before .
The kingdom has a fifth of known reserves .
It supplies an eighth of the world 's oil and remains , crucially , the only producer with at least some spare capacity .
A huge investment plan under way should raise its capacity from 11.3 m barrels a day in 2007 to 12.5 m by next year .
Noting pleas from George Bush and Ban Ki-moon , the UN 's secretary - general , the Saudis have upped actual production twice in the past month , raising it by 500,000 barrels a day to its present level of 9.5m .
But much of that new output , and most of the reserve capacity , is in the form of heavier oils that are costlier to refine and for which there is less thirst .
The Saudis are unlikely to bring new , lighter crude , or bigger refining capacity for their heavier oils , onto world markets until next year .
Even then the incremental rise may not offset demand .
So energy watchers hope the Jeddah conference will reveal something bolder than promises of more oil .
@bbfreak : I freak out about picking up dead critters to dispose of , so basically , yes .
If they stay outside my home , I do not bother them .
@frigg : Unintended , but funny .
It was the pressure of trying to be politcally correct and not mention it , but I just couldnt stop myself .
If I could find the really funny .wav file I have about a hampster named Armeggedon and a practice called fulching , I would post that as well , so long as I am being politcally incorrect .
One of the more important things to understand about Georgia – the small country that recently engaged in a deadly struggle with Russia – is that it is one of the hosts of a relatively new , 1 million barrel per day capacity oil pipeline called Baku - Tblisi - Ceyhan ( BTC ) .
That pipeline was constructed with the active encouragement of the EU and the US starting in the late 1990s despite strenuous objections from Russia .
If you take a look at a map of the pipeline , you will begin to understand the geopolitical importance of the effort to provide a path out of the Caspian Sea region – home to a large oil and gas reservoir – that does not pass through Iran or Russia .
Until the BTC was completed , there was no way to move Azeri oil out to the rest of the market without going through Russia .
( Aside :
The map indicates that a path through Armenia could have been chosen instead of through Georgia , but apparently Armenia and Azerbaijan have a long - standing conflict over a region known as Mountainous Kharabakh . )
Unfortunately , western leaders underestimated the strength of Russia ’s objection to losing control over Azerbaijan ’s oil and gas resources .
They also underestimated Russia ’s ability to do something about its desire to reassert control .
By biding its time and working in the way of the excellent chess players that they are , Russia has put itself in a position to control ( stop ? ) the flow and there are few acceptable actions that can be taken to change the situation .
One of the few things that has a long term chance of success is a focused program of reducing the importance of oil and gas in the world economy .
My input on that front is to steadily increase the use of uranium and thorium fuels whose supply cannot be severed by an aggressor sitting astride a key delivery path .
When electricity and ship propulsion is powered by heavy metal fission instead of natural gas or oil , the importance of owning the valves that supply heat and power gradually dims to insignificance .
Related Posts
When I read that Radio New Zealand had just decided to start adding Ogg Vorbis files to their online offerings , I was curious .
How do folks make such decisions ?
I surely wish everyone would do what Radio New Zealand has just done .
So I asked Richard Hulse of Radio New Zealand , the station 's media manager , to tell me how they came to decide to add Ogg Vorbis to their collection of interviews and broadcasts , already offered as MP3s and in Windows Media Audio .
His answers are instructive , and you may find it helpful to note his suggestions on how to effectively request other sites to offer Ogg Vorbis files .
And if any of you wish to respond to his requests for help with a how - to , please feel free to lend a hand to make this a success .
**********************************
PJ : Please tell us about Radio NZ , and what you do there .
RH : Radio New Zealand is New Zealand 's state - funded public radio broadcaster .
We have two main domestic networks that broadcast on AM and FM throughout the country , and a shortwave service targeted at the South Pacific .
A subsidiary company , Sound Archives / Ngā Taonga Kōrero is responsible for maintaining an audio archive of radio in New Zealand .
I am the New Media Manager , and my role is to guide the company 's internet activities and keep the website running .
PJ : What formats do you use at the moment and why ?
RH : Up until now we 've used only Windows Media Audio , and MP3 .
The reasons are pragmatic , both technically and from a business perspective .
We 've only had funding for an official internet presence since 2004 , and the budget is quite small compared with other Public Broadcasters , so we 've got to use that effectively as possible .
We looked at the site traffic prior to re-launch , and chose the formats based on what systems our visitors used .
Potential users of our site fell into two distinct groups .
The first group was Windows users , making up 94 % of our visitors , so we made the primary format Windows Media Audio .
This meant that for the vast majority of users all they had to do was click on a link , and the audio played .
It also meant that this group was unlikely to need help - we do n't have the resources to handle a huge amount of email .
The second group was Mac and GNU / Linux users .
We added a feature to the site that allowed them to set a preference via a cookie , and clicking on the same link as a Windows user would serve them a pls ( playlist ) file with an MP3 link in it .
This meant the on - demand content was seamless for most of our visitors .
The only problem was that we were unable to duplicate this for live streams , which were ( and still are ) Windows Media only .
When we started planning the new site , it was too costly to install infrastructure that would scale for both formats .
( We are looking at other options at the moment . )
Using a single format for all platforms meant that some assembly was required for non-Windows systems , but I figured that with most Windows users sorted , and on - demand content running for both groups , we could cope with helping any Mac and GNU / Linux users that got stuck .
This worked out fine until about two years ago , when a new breed of visitor arrived : the first time Mac and GNU / Linux user .
These people do n't necessarily have the technical skills to get the streaming going on their own , and we 've had more people asking for help as a result .
This change has really got me thinking about how to make the user - experience as seamless as possible for everyone .
PJ : What caused you to introduce Ogg files ?
Was it the result of audience requests ?
RH : I have had a handful of emails every year asking if we would consider offering Ogg and a higher number telling us off for using ' nasty proprietary formats ' .
But it 's actually been on the planning table for a while - the Streaming Net content delivery network ( CDN ) we use was designed to support it from the day we launched - the main issue for us was storing audio in three formats .
Because of a tight budget we initially had to focus on just two most popular formats , but recent changes to the CDN have meant we 've been able to increase storage in a cost - neutral way , and so now we can add Ogg .
As part of this change we are improving the way audio is displayed , with all three audio formats seen on the page , and I hope this will mean people can get audio that will play on their system without having to download anything or email us for help .
It also gives people a choice , and opens up the content to those who cannot or do not wish to install non-free codecs on their system .
As far the timing goes , a month or so back our Saturday Morning programme arranged to interview Richard Stallman during his NZ visit .
He asked that we make the interview available in Ogg Vorbis format , which we were happy to do , and I thought it would be a good chance to see if there was wider support .
So we opted to make the whole show available in Ogg , and a listener also contributed a transcript of Richard 's interview which we agreed to release under a CC license , which is also a first for us .
We are in the process of rolling it out to other shows now , and in a few weeks I 'll be setting up rss feeds with Vorbis files as enclosures in addition to the normal MP3 feeds .
It has also been influenced by the changing mix of platforms .
In the last month our traffic was divided up thus : Windows , 89.43 % , Mac , 8.79 % , and GNU / Linux 1.49 % .
The others includes the iPhone and Play Station 3 , which is very different to what it was 3 years ago .
Who knows what 'll be popular format - wise in a year or two ?
The long - term trend appears to be a very slow decline in Windows users browsing the site , and an increase in everything else .
Technology can change very fast , so our infrastructure has been designed to make it easy for us to add formats as the need arises .
I should add that we are n't able to do Ogg for a small proportion of content where we do n't have rights to allow downloads .
PJ : Do you provide any information for the audience on how to access and play Ogg files , or is it left to them ?
RH :
We have a basic page which explains about the different formats and links to the Free Software Foundation 's how to page .
I 'd like to add our own page when I have time .
Perhaps the community would like to help out ? :-)
PJ : What is the reaction so far ?
RH :
It has been a mixed bag , to be honest .
We 've had emails congratulating us for doing it , and saying it'd be great if we continue .
At the other extreme were emails criticizing us for not immediately offering everything in free , open formats .
PJ : Is this a trial ?
If the numbers are not any greater than they currently are , might you drop Ogg Vorbis ?
RH :
We 've already done the technical trials , so this is the real thing .
We 've started by adding Ogg Vorbis to our two most popular ( for web audio ) programmes - Saturday Morning with Kim Hill and Nine to Noon with Kathryn Ryan .
Next week I 'll be adding our news flagship , Morning Report , and The Darwin Lectures will be the first feature programme to use the format .
One of the great things about Public Radio is that you can take a longer view of things .
You can put something in place for the future , looking to changes that you see on the horizon .
So at this stage I am not concerned about the number of downloads - new services are not always popular when you first introduce them .
For example , we had only 300 subscribers to our podcast feeds in the second month of offering the service .
Two years on there are over 20,000 people who download about 250,000 items every month .
If you played all that audio end - to - end 24/ 7 it would run for nearly 18 months .
I do hope that people use the Ogg files because apart from the freedom aspect , the quality is better than MP3 for the same data rate .
I 'll be happy if we get up to a couple of percent by the end of the year .
PJ : Do you do video also ever ?
If so , will you be doing Theora ?
RH :
We have done video in the past for special events - the most notable being a music event we sponsored at a Wellington Bar .
This was simulcast on radio , the web in video and audio , and it was also picked up by a couple of regional TV channels .
But these are very rare as we are a radio broadcaster .
We did once install a studio cam over our summer for Matinee Idle ( that is how it is spelt ) , which is a very popular show featuring strange and often previously unheard music .
The host described the cam as " as interesting as watching paint dry " , but we still had a few thousand unique viewers over the show 's 4 week season .
The main problem with video is that often we are unable to get rights to allow downloads , although I am always open on the question of formats .
PJ : Does RNZ use much free software ?
RH :
All our web servers ( 4 ) are GNU / Linux , and our Content Management System ( MySource Matrix ) is also GNU GPL , although we purchase commercial support for it .
The podcast servers on our CDN are GNU / Linux , and the same goes for some tools we run internally built in PHP and Ruby on Rails .
The software that interfaces between our internal proprietary enterprise broadcast systems ( audio and text ) and the CMS is also built using free software ( Perl ) .
In this case , the main reason is that we have complete control ( i.e. freedom ) to modify and improve the software , and this is one of the keys to constantly improving the site - we can make small incremental changes as often as they are needed .
PJ : You mention getting two kinds of emails asking for Ogg Vorbis .
If my readers wanted their radio station to add Ogg Vorbis , what kind of email works the best ?
RH : A polite one where the writer has thought about the issues from my perspective .
I 'll explain a bit more .
A Public Broadcaster may have legislative imperatives ( e.g. Radio NZ has a charter , so does the BBC ) .
A commercial broadcaster will have financial drivers ( so do the public ones ) , and shareholder expectations to meet .
A Broadcaster will have legal people who ( no offense intended ) are risk averse , in whatever they perceive is risky .
Organisations that are run in a business - like way have to make pragmatic choices about how resources are used .
Much of the information they use to make decisions may not be available to the public , so you cannot always assume that how things appear is how they actually are .
As a home user of GNU / Linux , you can make the choice to avoid all non -free software .
You will be willing to work around some of the problems this creates .
Businesses are complex systems , and making changes are much more difficult .
Replacing a single desktop application may be relatively trivial .
Replacing a key broadcast application around which the company has developed a great deal of knowledge capital , while retaining that capital , is another thing entirely .
I 'll give a practical example .
Because of budgetary constraints , I made the choice to initially only offer Radio NZ programmes for up to 4 weeks on our website , after which they were removed .
So even though we were cutting off The Long Tail of content use , it enabled us to offer a greater variety and number of programmes .
I should note that the CDN changes mentioned above mean that we are slowing removing this time limitation .
Money might be a real problem .
Having said that , there is also a chance that no explicit decision on a particular subject ( like file formats ) has been made .
Maybe no -one has thought about it all .
Often , a company will follow the path of least resistance because that is the cheapest and simplest option .
With all that in mind , here is a list .
0 . Try to find out who the best person is to send your email or letter to .
Make a phone call to find out .
Sending an email to webmaster@company might work ( it will at RNZ ) , but many companies have gate - keepers and hierarchy that make it hard to get direct access to decision - makers .
1 . Ask questions , rather than make demands , and be clear about what you 'd like .
For example , " I was wondering if you would consider offering some of the your audio in Ogg Vorbis format . " , instead of " You should be offering all your audio in a free format . "
2 . Do n't assume that the person will understand terms you use .
Not everyone knows what ' free ' means in the context of audio formats .
They might think you want free access to their content , or the right to give it away for free .
3. Explain why this is important to you personally .
E.g .
" The computer I use does not support the formats you currently have on offer , and I would really like to listen to your programmes . " instead of " Your stupid proprietary formats are evil , and I do n't allow anything evil on my computer . "
4 . Give examples of similar companies that already do what you are asking for .
E.g .
" While this is n't a mainstream format , I know of at least two public broadcaster that support it on an on - going basis ( CBC and Radio NZ ) . "
5 . I think it is important when making a request to sign off with your full name , and I would also check you signature line - I know some people who wo n't reply to anyone who looks like an " extremist " .
Apart from that , the email does not have to be written in formal business style .
6 . Do n't use emotive or abusive language , and I would avoid saying that it is immoral to not offer free formats .
The word ' immoral ' can carry many different meanings to a reader , and it might be taken personally .
7 . If you get a reply , try to understand the problems the other party has , and thank them for taking the time to respond .
If you get a positive response , you may be offer links to useful resources .
If you blog about your experience , especially if it is positive , I 'd send an email with the link as a courtesy .
8 . If a broadcaster does make a change , please write and thank them explaining how the change helped you .
If a decision - maker has to write a report on the uptake of a new format on the website , a supply of anecdotes can be helpful .
By Arianna Huffington - September 5 , 2008
During his acceptance speech , John McCain had some very strong criticism of his opponent .
I 'm not talking about Barack Obama ; I 'm talking about George Bush .
After rushing headlong into the embrace of Bush and the Rovian wing of the GOP , McCain has now decided that he desperately needs to distance himself and try to reclaim the maverick mantle .
Not an easy thing to do when you have sided with Bush 90 percent of the time .
But McCain gave it his best shot .
After dispensing with the obligatory opening nod to the president for " leading us in those dark days following the worst attack on American soil in our history , " he offered a stinging indictment of the last seven - plus years of Bush and largely Republican rule .
He promised to " make this government start working for you again " and to " stop leaving our country 's problems for some unluckier generation to fix . "
He vowed to " restore the pride and principles of our party .
We were elected to change Washington , we let Washington change us .
We lost the trust of the American people ... when we valued our power over our principles . "
He pledged that his administration would " set a new standard for transparency and accountability " and " finally starting getting things done for the people who are counting on us . "
According to McCain , " We need to change the way government does almost everything : from the way we protect our security to the way we compete in the world economy ; from the way we respond to disasters to the way we fuel our transportation network ; from the way we train our workers to the way we educate our children . "
Other than that , how did you like the play , Mrs. Lincoln ?
Listening to McCain , you 'd think it was the Democrats who occupied the White House the last seven - plus years and it was time to throw the bastards out .
Given that 82 percent of voters believe we are heading in the wrong direction , it 's a logical position to take .
But for the American people to buy into the notion that McCain , who has raced to Bush 's side on tax cuts , on offshore drilling -- even on torture -- is this campaign 's agent of change , it 's going to require an incredible suspension of disbelief .
Or a serious case of amnesia .
And this is clearly McCain 's campaign strategy : inducing amnesia about the past and confusion about the future , attempting to hoodwink the American people about what he has become .
Which is where Sarah Palin comes in .
As a major distraction .
In the effort to divert attention from the matter at hand -- McCain 's embrace of all things Bush -- Palin is the perfect storm .
Americans love the outsider plucked from obscurity .
And Palin provides bucketfuls of the new and exciting .
As long as voters and the media are caught up in the latest installment of As Sarah Turns or the Alaska version of All My Children , they are n't paying attention to the lack of solutions McCain is offering to the serious crises that face us .
Forget worrying about the economy or health care or the housing crisis -- think about how many people live in Wasilla , whether Bristol and Levi will live happily ever after , and if Sarah and her " First Dude " really want Alaska to secede from the union .
This is why the McCain campaign wants Palin front and center -- did you notice how much time McCain spent during the speech praising Palin and how quickly the celebratory post - speech music shifted from " Raisin ' McCain " to " Barracuda " ?
And it's why Democrats need to ignore Palin , and keep the focus on reminding voters about the stark contrast between an Obama and a McCain administration .
It 's tempting to prime the Palin attack pump .
But Obama and the Democrats do so at their own peril .
John McCain wants to distance himself from Bush , cloud the huge policy differences between him and Obama , and hope his compelling life story carries the day .
Obama 's job is to make sure he does n't get away with it .
Forgetting Sarah Palin is a good place to start .
R.E.M. once sang about " the end of the world as we know it , " but Michael Stipe & Co. never suspected that the brat - loving , cheese - eating , grain - growing Midwest might be the source of the world - ending scourge .
But a pair of recent federal court cases coming from Wisconsin and Illinois have threatened to turn the most primitive functionality of the web — the hyperlink — into an " ask permission before linking " system .
Perhaps the full lyric should run , " It 's the end of the web as we know it , and I feel fine , " except that it 's hard to feel to great about the end of the web .
We 've got trouble , right here in Brat City !
First up is Jennifer Reisinger ( of the Sheboygan Reisingers ) , a web designer from Sheboygan , Wisconsin .
The town is right on Lake Michigan , perhaps a bit down on its luck , but a quintessentially Midwestern town , the kind of thing where no mayor would start harassing a private citizen over a link she had posted to a web site .
Right ?
Reisinger filed a federal case in late August against Sheboygan after the town attorney contacted her and — not appearing to have a totally complete understanding of this Internet thing — advised Sheboygan 's mayor that it would be acceptable for the town to ask Reisinger to cease and desist .
Her offense : putting a link to the city police department on the main page of her web design firm , Brat City Web Design .
It was n't the attorney 's idea , however .
The mayor 's office had instituted the inquiry , perhaps because Reisinger had previously been involved in an attempt to recall the mayor .
After the attorney sent Reisinger a letter , she pulled the link , though her court filing says she also " expressed her surprise that the City of Sheboygan had a concern relative to a local business sharing a taxpayer - funded web site with visitors to the city . "
Reisinger was then contacted by the police department , which was investigating the situation .
The news found its way to the local paper , and Reisinger " experienced death threats , other threats to her personal safety , including vulgar and obscene comments and letters left at her residence . "
It got so bad that she installed video cameras and a burglar alarm .
She also saw a 53 percent dropoff in annual income , which she links to the controversy .
Only after she ( finally ) retained an attorney did the city notify her in late 2007 that it was revoking the cease - and - desist letter .
She is suing Sheboygan for violating her right to free speech .
The link that spawned a lawsuit
The court documents we looked at showed that the town viewed the whole matter a bit differently .
While the cease - and - desist order was in fact issued , Sheboygan never threatened Reisinger with a penalty for noncompliance .
Further , the police investigation was not into Reisinger 's contact , but an internal investigation into the actions of a police officer who had apparently given " permission " at one point for Reisinger to create such a link .
The city also claims that Reisinger contacted Wisconsin talk show bigwig Mark Belling to publicize her plight and that she also " contacted the news media to garner publicity and to embarrass the named defendants . "
Finally , the revocation of the cease - and - desist letter was n't due to Reisinger 's attorney , but to the fact that the city attorney " had determined that there was no clearly established law applicable to web site linking . "
We would have imagined an attorney would look into this before issuing such a bizarre letter , but this is probably why we are not lawyers .
So , case closed ?
Not really .
Reisinger is going ahead with the suit and demands compensation from the city .
Both sides have filed arguments in the case .
Let 's keep that public information a little less public
But while Sheboygan has backed down , well - connected Chicago law firm Jones Day has not .
The firm filed a federal suit of its own against BlockShopper.com , a small outfit run out of a Chicago apartment .
The site offers real estate information for particular urban communities , showing for instance that a prominent real estate lawyer bought that condo on 46th Avenue .
Or , more to the point , that Jones Day had purchased homes / condos / apartments on Chicago 's north side .
The information on these sales is public record , and publicizing public records would seem to be pretty much ok , right ?
But Jones Day sued BlockShopper for the odd charge of trademark dilution .
BlockShopper used pictures of Jones Day lawyers grabbed from the Jones Day web site , and it linked to the site , but Jones Day does n't seem worried about this .
Instead , our review of the Jones Day complaint shows that the issue cited is " confusion " — the claim is that people visiting BlockShopper and seeing the pages in question might assume that it was somehow officially related to Jones Day .
This is ... unlikely ( see our example from the site ) .
BlockShopper.com
All of this led lawyer Paul Alan Levy of Public Citizen to conclude , " It thus appears that Jones Day is a serial abuser of the trademark laws to suppress commentary that it does not like .
Bullies like this need to be resisted . "
Robert Ambrogi of Legal Blog Watch concluded his own writeup on the case by saying , " In this age of electronically enhanced transparency , this whole dust - up reflects a sentiment I encounter time and again : ' We like our public records to be public — just not too public . ' "
But BlockShopper has agreed to a temporary restraining order and has pulled the information in question .
The case could potentially determine whether BlockShopper has the right to use the Jones Day name on its pages and to link to the law firm 's site ; if it does not , the US could quickly find itself deluged beneath a flood of similar lawsuits .
Further reading :
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
In a new National Journal article ( not available online ) , writer Peter Stone dives deep into the conservative establishment and gets campaign staffers , movement operatives , and the ubiquitous “ strategists ” and “ consultants ” to talk about Karl Rove ’s current role in presidential politics .
The takeaway ?
Rove is back .
In fact , he probably never left .
The campaign that is trying to prove it ’s not a second coming of George W. Bush is using the President ’s former chief strategist on a regular basis .
Stone says not to be fooled by Rove ’s hesitance to be identified with John McCain publicly .
… away from the spotlight , Rove has been busy pitching in by giving informal advice to McCain ’s team and spending a considerable amount of time as an outside adviser to Freedom ’s Watch , the conservative political group that is expected to spend tens of millions of dollars to help elect House GOP candidates .
William Weidner , a Freedom ’s Watch board member , recently told National Journal that Rove has offered strategic advice to both the group and its major financial backer , Las Vegas casino tycoon Sheldon Adelson .
Weidner , president of the Las Vegas Sands Corp. , which Adelson chairs , called Rove “ an invaluable
asset ” to the group … .
While the top of McCain ’s campaign wo n’t admit to extensive conversations with Rove , fearing that Rove is too closely associated with the Bush Administration and its worst scandals , some folks are willing to spill the beans off the record .
“ Generally speaking , Rove ’s advice is action - oriented and useful , ” said another senior consultant to the McCain camp .
“ It ’s always well received . ”
This McCain adviser noted that Rove talks periodically to Black and a few other top campaign aides on several key matters .
“ It can be policy ideas , messaging ideas , fundraising prospects , or people who need calls from someone in the campaign . ”
Rove is “ part of the information network that the campaign has , ” this adviser said , adding that Rove talks fairly regularly to such key people as Wayne Berman , a major fundraiser for McCain ; Nicolle Wallace , a communications adviser ;
and Steve Schmidt , a senior aide .
And Rove is even more deeply involved with Freedom ’s Watch , the internally troubled right wing group that seeks to make trouble for Democrats throughout the campaign season .
[ William ] Weidner [ a Freedom ’s Watch board member ] stressed that Rove has been “ very generous with his time and ideas .
He gives up his time for those things he believes in . ”
I ’ve blogged about this before but it ’s worth mentioning again as a good teaching example .
The site How Many of Me purports to estimate how many people in the U.S. have any particular name .
But it can give wrong results ; as “ the other Craig Newmark ” noted , it said there was only one of him , and there are actually at least two .
What the site actually does is to plug in esitmates of the frequency of the first name and the frequency of the last name and assume independence .
The results can be wrong .
This could be a great example for teaching probability .
Three questions : first , how can you check that the site really is assuming independence ; second , how many people does the site assume are in the U.S. ; third , how could you do better ?
1 . How can you check that the site really is assuming independence ?
We ’ll check four names and see how many it says there are of each :
Rebecca Schwartz : 171
Rebecca Smith : 6600
Mary Schwartz : 1047
Mary Smith : 40941
Calculate the ratios : 6600/171=39 , 40941/147=39 .
Check .
Actually , to one more digit , the ratios are 38.6 and 39.1 .
Why the difference ?
Should n’t they be exactly the same ?
Playing around with the last digits reveals that it ca n’t be simple rounding error .
Maybe some internal rounding error in the calculations ?
( Perhaps another good lesson for the class ? )
Hmm , let me go back and check .
Number of Mary Schwartzes : 1047 .
Check .
Number of Mary Smiths ?
40491 .
Uh oh , I ’d transposed the digits when copying the number .
Now the ratios agree ( to within rounding error )
The website is definitely assuming independence .
I have no doubt that there are some Mary Schwartzes out there but no way that the frequencies of Marys among Smiths and Schwartzes is exactly identical .
2 . How many people does the site assume are in the U.S. ?
The site says there are 4,024,977 people in the U.S. with the first name Mary , 3,069,846 people in the U.S. with the last name Smith , and 40,491 Mary Smiths .
4024977*3069846/40491 = 305 million .
So that ’s what they ’re assuming .
3 . How could you do better ?
Phone books are an obvious start .
They do n’t have everybody and there are other sampling difficulties involved ( for example , a telephone that ’s under the name of only one person in the family , leaving the others unlisted ) but it would give you some clear information about how large are the discrepancies from indepdence .
And , a bonus :
4 . A bad idea ( which might be tried by a naive instructor who does n’t get the point ) : Using this to teach the chi-squared test for statistical independence .
This is a bad idea for two reasons : first , the data in HowManyofMe.com are not a sample under statistical independence ; they are exactly statistically independent ( a / b=c/d ) and so a chi-squared test is beside the point .
Second , for real data the point is not whether they could be explained by statistical independence –they can ’t–but how large the discrepancy is .
This can be expressed using probabilities or odds ratios or whatever but not by the magnitude or the p-value of a chi-squared test .
( If you want to use this example to illustrate chi-squared , this is the point you ’d have to make . )
P.S. I ’ve never met the other Andrew Gelman , but I did once meet someone who lives down the street from him ( in New Jersey ) .
( CNN ) -- Sen.
John McCain 's senior domestic policy adviser said Tuesday that the BlackBerry mobile e-mail device was a " miracle that John McCain helped create . "
The adviser , Douglas Holtz - Eakin , discussing the nation 's economic woes with reporters , said that McCain -- who has struggled to stress his economic credentials -- did have experience dealing with the economy , pointing to his time on the Senate Commerce Committee .
Pressed to provide an example of what McCain had accomplished on that committee , Holtz - Eakin said the senator did not have jurisdiction over financial markets , then he held up his Blackberry , telling reporters : " He did this . "
" Telecommunications of the United States , the premiere innovation in the past 15 years , comes right through the Commerce Committee .
So you 're looking at the miracle that John McCain helped create , " Holtz - Eakin said .
" And that 's what he did .
He both regulated and deregulated the industry . "
During the 2000 presidential campaign , Vice President Al Gore drew controversy when he said that during his time in Congress , he " took the initiative in creating the Internet " -- based on his work promoting funding and early research in that area .
The Obama campaign responded to the McCain adviser 's comments Tuesday shortly after they were reported .
" If John McCain had n't said that ' the fundamentals of our economy are strong ' on the day of one of our nation 's worst financial crises , the claim that he invented the BlackBerry would have been the most preposterous thing said all week , " said Obama campaign spokesman Bill Burton .
Meanwhile , McCain senior aide Matt McDonald said that the senator " laughed " when he heard the comment .
" He would not claim to be the inventor of anything , much less the BlackBerry .
This was obviously a boneheaded joke by a staffer , " McDonald said .
The Obama campaign debuted an ad last week that attacked McCain 's skills with technology , including computers .
The ad refers to the number of years McCain has been in Washington to paint him as out of touch : " 1982 .
John McCain goes to Washington , " the announcer says .
" Things have changed in the last 26 years .
But McCain has n't .
" He admits he still does n't know how to use a computer , ca n't send an e-mail .
Still does n't understand the economy .
And favors $ 200 billion in new tax cuts for corporations but almost nothing for the middle class .
" After one president who was out of touch ... we just can't afford more of the same . "
Asked whether he prefers a Mac or PC in a Yahoo News / Politico interview earlier this year , McCain admitted : " Neither .
I am an illiterate that has to rely on my wife for all of the assistance that I can get . "
Watch more on McCain and computers »
While wife Cindy McCain has been spotted working her BlackBerry on the campaign trail , the senator -- in one instance that CNN cameras caught -- had to be handed the device by a staffer .
Obama , on the other hand , frequently is seen reading e-mails on his BlackBerry .
" He is a BlackBerry fiend , has a laptop on the road and sometimes uses it to talk to his daughters ... and surfs the Web when he is in need of important information such as sports scores , " Linda Douglass , an Obama campaign senior aide and spokeswoman , said in June .
CNN 's Ed Hornick and Jeanne Moos contributed to this report .
All About John McCain • BlackBerry Mobile Devices
I believe you just excite to easily , it is very common in younger men .
You can learn to control it as life goes on , but all you are doing is pre ejaculating .
You enjoy what you see and your body is reacting to it .
It is also more common in guys who are not circumcised .
Not that it makes any difference .
You 're body is changing and what you 're going through is normal .
Just take each day as it comes and enjoy life .
It is nothing to stress about matey .
Austrian Elections The Populist and His Protégé
Jörg Haider used to be Austria 's far - right scourge , the populist who could win elections .
Now Heinz - Christian Strache , his former protégé , has stepped into his shoes .
The two men hate each other , but dissatisfaction among Austrian voters this Sunday could give them unprecedented power .
Von Marion Kraske
Update : April 15 , 2008:11:35 a.m .
109 years in jail
April 15 , 2008:11:35 a.m. Puerto Rico : Javier Pagan was sentenced today to 99 years on charges of murder and 10 for violation of the Weapons Act for the death of Miguel Caceres .
By Pedro Bosque
Humacao – Ruben Torres Davila
The judge gave Javier Pagan the opportunity to speak , but he did not express himself .
Then the judge handed down the sentence of 99 years on charges of murder and 10 years for violation of the Arms Act .
You can read more and see the video that sealed his fate here .
August 17 , 2007
This is the most incredible news in Puerto Rico today , the Ex-Policeman , Javier Págan Cruz , who shot to death a local citizen in Humacao over the past weekend was set free on bail with an ankle bracelet .
He is to maintain himself in his residence 24/7 except for his appearance in court .
As could have been seen on local TV the entire island is in a state of indignation over the event .
This on the very day that the victim Miguel Cáceres Cruz was laid to rest .
I have included the front page of El Vocero because I know a lot of people back in the states are not going to believe this .
I imagine that the passport of Javier Págan Cruz was confiscated and that the various ports of exit have been alerted in the event of an escape attempt .
For the Spanish version of the article at Pimera Hora click on the headline below
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
STOPPING very young children from eating foods such as eggs , shellfish and peanuts may not prevent them developing allergies and might even be responsible for a dramatic increase in severe food reactions , say leading specialist doctors , who are calling for a rethink of the food exclusion philosophy .
As well , they will challenge government advice that infants should be exclusively breast - fed for the first six months , saying this could also raise the allergy risk and that four months is a better age for babies to begin building up immune tolerance to some basic foods .
Food allergies had risen over the past two decades , at the same time as parents had been warned to be cautious about introducing specific foods , said Andrew Kemp , Professor of Paediatric Allergy and Clinical Immunology at the Children 's Hospital at Westmead .
Staffing the White House meeting
According to a list of attendees circulating for today 's White House meeting , McCain is bringing a campaign aide , while Obama 's bringing a Senate staffer .
McCain will be accompanied to the meeting by economic adviser Douglas Holtz - Eakin , according to the list .
Obama is bringing Ian Solomon , his legislative counsel .
Other attendees include the four Senate leaders and their chiefs of staff , and some five policy aides to the president , and White House press secretary Dana Perino according to the list .
UPDATE : Full list after the jump .
The Vice President
Administration Officials
Secretary Hank Paulson , Department of Treasury
Kevin Fromer , Assistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs , Department of Treasury
Members of Congress
Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D , CA - 08 ) , Speaker of the House
Senator Harry Reid ( D , NV ) , Senate Majority Leader
Senator Mitch McConnell ( R , KY ) , Senate Minority Leader
Senator Chris Dodd ( D , CT ) , Chairman , Senate Banking Committee
Senator Richard Shelby ( R , AL ) , Ranking Member , Senate Banking Committee
Senator John McCain ( R , AZ )
Senator Barack Obama ( D , IL )
Congressman Steny Hoyer ( D , MD - 05 ) , House Majority Leader
Congressman John Boehner ( R , OH - 08 ) , House Minority Leader
Congressman Barney Frank ( D , MA - 04 ) , Chairman , House Financial Services Committee
Congressman Spencer Bachus ( R , AL - 06 ) , Ranking Member , House Financial Services Committee
Congressional Staff Attending
John Lawrence , Chief of Staff , Speaker Pelosi
Gary Myrick , Chief of Staff , Senator Reid
Kyle Simmons , Chief of Staff , Senator McConnell
Doug Holtz - Eakin , Senior Domestic Policy Advisor , Senator McCain
Ian Solomon , Legislative Assistant , Senator Obama
Terry Lierman , Chief of Staff , Congressman Hoyer
Paula Nowakowski , Chief of Staff , Congressman Boehner
White House Staff Attending
Joshua Bolten , Chief of Staff
Joel Kaplan , Deputy Chief of Staff for Policy
Ed Gillespie , Counselor to the President
Keith Hennessey , Assistant to the President for Economic Policy
Barry Jackson , Assistant to the President for Strategic Initiatives and External Affairs
Dan Meyer , Assistant to the President for Legislative Affairs
Dana Perino , Press Secretary
Eddie Lazear , Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers
John Emling , Deputy Assistant to the President for Legislative Affairs
Chris Frech , Deputy Assistant to the President for Legislative Affairs
Barrett Karr , Deputy Assistant to the President for Legislative Affairs
Margaret Stewart , Assistant to the Vice President for Legislative Affairs
Abramoff faces sentencing : ' One would think I am Osama bin Laden ' Associated Press
Published : Thursday September 4 , 2008
Print This Email This WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- Disgraced lobbyist Jack Abramoff was at federal court Thursday for sentencing in a public corruption case that upended Washington politics and contributed to the Republican loss of Congress in 2006 .
Abramoff faces up to 11 years in prison for trading expensive meals , golf junkets , luxury sports tickets and other gifts for political favors .
But because he became the key FBI witness in his own scandal , he and the government are asking for much less time .
" I have been thinking about this moment literally for years , " Abramoff wrote a federal judge Wednesday .
He said even he is shocked to look back on what his career had become .
But he said he was " not a bad man " and pleaded for leniency .
" It is hard to see the exact moment that I went over the line but , looking backwards , it is amazing for me to see how far I strayed and how I did not see it at the time , " Abramoff wrote .
" So much of what happens in Washington stretches the envelope , skirts the spirit of the rules , and lives in the loopholes .
But even by those standards , I blundered farther than even those excesses would allow . "
Abramoff is already serving a nearly six - year prison sentence for a fraudulent Florida casino deal .
Prosecutors are seeking a sentence of less than four years for the Washington case .
Defense lawyers say he deserves even less time .
Since pleading guilty in 2006 , Abramoff has provided the Justice Department evidence that helped send Rep. Bob Ney , R - Ohio , and former Deputy Interior Secretary J. Steven Griles to prison .
Abramoff said his cooperation has been extensive .
Not only did he confirm what prosecutors knew , he said he also offered new leads and tips , pointed them in different directions and spent countless hours meeting with investigators .
Several Capitol
Hill aides and powerful political figures have pleaded guilty because of his cooperation .
" My efforts do not even the balance , but they are a good down payment on what I still must do , " Abramoff wrote .
He said he has spent the first two years in prison reflecting on his actions .
" I see that my crimes all had the same cause - my shortsighted and selfish view that the ends could justify the means , " he wrote .
" I am not a bad man ( although to read all the news articles one would think I am Osama bin Laden ) , but I did many bad things . "
U.S. District Judge Ellen Segal Huvelle has wide discretion when it comes to handing down a sentence .
She has been lenient at times in the case but has shown little patience for defendants who arrive in her courtroom with excuses .
Abramoff will get an opportunity to speak in court .
Good for Doug Bjerregaard !
Here 's a story that might polarize a few readers : Class Dissection Of Live Dog Outrages Parents , Students .
With a few caveats , though , I thoroughly endorse the teacher 's actions .
[ Continue reading " Good for Doug Bjerregaard ! " ]
Academics • Science • Permalink • ( 13 ) Comments • ( 0 ) Trackbacks •
Other weblogs
A historian disgraces himself
David Hadley sent me a link that was unbelievable .
Please , somebody tell me that this weblog , The Social Affairs Unit , is a satire site .
I looked all over , and it seems to take itself very , very seriously , and its authors have academic connections .
I 'm hoping it is merely the most incredibly deadpan English humor , because I 've just read an appallingly stupid article on evolution there .
It 's written by a professor of modern history at the University of Wales - Aberystwyth , one William D. Rubinstein .
Despite the credentials , though , the idiocy starts with the title , and it just gets worse and worse .
Look upon this title , and cringe with me : The Theory of Evolution : Just a Theory ?
[ Continue reading " A historian disgraces himself " ]
Creationism • Permalink • ( 29 ) Comments • ( 0 ) Trackbacks •
Other weblogs
Almost done
Today is commencement at UMM , and it 's snowing .
Just as well , though — I 'm planning to spend my day grading .
I think if I make a solid push , I can finish everything by this evening and put Spring Semester 2005 behind me .
Academics • Permalink • ( 8 ) Comments • ( 0 ) Trackbacks •
Other weblogs
Friday Random Ten : with Extra Monkeys !
Here 's the latest random playlist off of my iTunes library — I cheated a little , though , and went with 12 this time , because I noticed a bit of a theme in the first ten that was carried on in the next two songs .
What strange creatures , these Hu-Mans
For those of you wanting an illustrated primer on human evolution , DarkSyde has one for you : check out parts 1 , 2 , and 3 at Unscrewing the Inscrutable .
Phil Skell : Dingbat Emeritus
The Discovery Institute is such a haven for lying phonies .
Their weird little blog has an article with this title : An NAS Scientist Breaks Ranks : Urges Kansas to Teach the Controversy over Neo-Darwinism
Who is this " NAS Scientist " who has broken ranks ?
None other than infamous crackpot Phil Skell , emeritus professor of chemistry at Penn State .
No rank breaking occurred , of course ; Skell has been in the loon brigade for years , with his johnny - one - note complaint that evolutionary theory is useless and has never helped any biologists … and yep , that 's what he 's doing again in his ridiculous letter to the Kansas State Board of Education .
Darwinian evolution is an interesting theory about the remote history of life .
Nonetheless , it has little practical impact on those branches of science that do not address questions of biological history ( largely based on stones , the fossil evidence ) .
Modern biology is engaged in the examination of tissues from living organisms with new methods and instruments .
None of the great discoveries in biology and medicine over the past century depended on guidance from Darwinian evolution — it provided no support .
Spare me .
I 've been all over his dishonest claim before .
There are phenomenal , intelligent emeritus professors who are inspirations to us all , who maintain an active intellectual life and are a model for what a scientist should do with his or her retirement .
And then there are old cranks who verge on senility and hamper our understanding of science .
Guess what category I think Skell belongs in ?
