Just announced at E3 , a new video store has become available for the PSP !
It is the same as the PS3 video store except it is now on your PSP !
Go check it out now !
World
Reuters
The U.N. nuclear watchdog has inspected the second of two suspected former secret atomic sites in Iran , as agreed with Tehran last month in a deal that ended a standoff over access , the agency said on Wednesday .
The International Atomic Energy Agency has not named either of the two undeclared sites but it has described activities it suspects took place there in 2003 , the year when it and U.S. intelligence services believe Iran halted a secret and coordinated nuclear weapons programme .
Although the IAEA says it has the power to carry out snap inspections anywhere in Iran it deems necessary , Tehran had denied it access to the two sites for seven months until the deal was struck for access on specific dates this month .
Identifying and Attacking Risk Aversion
There has always been a bit of crossover between golf and poker .
Whether it ’s the legendary wagers placed on the course between poker giants Ivey , Brunson and the like or Dusty Schmidt ’s million dollar golf and poker hybrid challenge , some similar threads undeniably run between the two games .
That ’s why a new study that focuses on risk aversion in professional golfers may be especially interesting to poker players .
The study in question , “ Is Tiger Woods Loss Averse ?
Persistent Bias in the Face of Experience , Competition , and High Stakes ” , is the work of University of Pennsylvania professors Devin G. Pope and Maurice E. Schweitzer .
Pope and Schweitzer studied over 1.6 million putts and essentially found that golfers are more cautious on some putts because they ( illogically ) place more value on avoiding a bogey than achieving a birdie .
And not just your average duffer – the study provides “ evidence that even the best golfers – including Tiger Woods – show evidence of loss aversion ” and that the tendency to irrationally defend against loss “ costs the best golfers over $ 1.2 million in tournament winnings per year . ”
That ’s 1.2 million a year on average .
If someone as disciplined and confident as Tiger Woods is susceptible to this effect , then you can safely bet that it ’s something everyone falls prey to and that it likely impacts the typical individual far more than they ’re aware of .
A moderate level of loss aversion is an admirable , desirable quality in a poker player .
It keeps bankrolls managed , allows stacks to survive and generally lets players live to fight another day , as it were .
An excessive amount , however , is essentially a leak in a player ’s game that can ( and will ) be exploited by players who more effectively asses the true cost of loss .
So where do you fall on the scale ?
Below we ’ve outlined a few basic things you can do to get a better sense of how loss averse you are .
As a bonus , most of the suggestions below will also serve as opportunities to identify other possible leaks in your game , so even if you end up concluding that you ’ve got a steadier nerve than Tiger , you ’ll likely find other areas where you can improve .
Compare your stats to your peers in similar games
Take some key stats from PokerTrack or Holdem Manager like % went to showdown , preflop aggression , fold to three bet , etc and compare them to your friends stats .
If you do n’t have a lot of poker - playing friends or your friends do n’t play the same games as you , post the stats ( along with details about the limits / games you play ) on a poker forum .
You ’ll have to sift through some bs responses , but you ’re likely to get other people to share stats with you .
Obviously , there ’s no ‘ perfect ’ stat line you ’re shooting for , but if you start to notice that your numbers are consistently off from your peers ( in the passive direction ) , you have some strong evidence that you ’re focusing too much on avoiding loss .
Save the hand histories of the next dozen times your tournament life ( or stack , in a cash game ) is put at risk .
Review them a week later .
If you are excessively loss averse , it ’s most likely to manifest in the situations where you have the most at risk .
Tracking those situations and then reviewing them when you have some distance from the event ( and therefore can view it in a more removed and rational fashion ) is a great way to get insight into your true level of loss aversion .
Play a friend in an online match .
Review the match later from their perspective .
Hand histories offer a player a really awesome opportunity that not enough players utilize – the opportunity to review your play from an opponent ’s perspective .
Play someone you know in a heads up cash or SNG match ( make sure the stakes are high enough that you ’ll play close to your usual game ) .
Have your friend save their HHs and send them to you .
Review the HH in a hand history replayer after the match and see how your play looked from the other seat .
Try to imagine how you would play against someone who played like that , and notice how your friend adjusted to your play .
Both exercises should shed a lot of light on whether or not your concern about avoiding loss is translating into opportunities for your opponents .
Notice and record your reactions to getting big hands .
There are two kinds of poker players – those who look down at jacks in the BB and think ‘ awesome ’ and those who look down at jacks in the BB and think ‘ ahh , crap ’ .
Try an experiment – keep a record for a session of your gut reaction when you get big hands in critical situations .
If you fall more often into the ‘ ah crap ’ camp , that ’s a pretty clear sign that you are likely to be over - emphasizing limiting loss .
Drop your buy in level significantly for a session or two and see if your play changes .
It ’s one thing to say that you ’re not thinking about the money when you ’re playing poker – it ’s another thing to really mean it .
A good way to test how good of a job you ’ve done separating the chips on the table from the balance in your bank account is to drop down to a much smaller game .
Do you find yourself calling far more often or mixing more bluffs into your game ?
Do some automatic plays no longer seem quite so automatic ?
If so , you might find that a few of your core assumptions about poker are n’t underpinned by solid strategy but rather by a low tolerance for loss .
Obviously , loss aversion is a reflex that everyone has to some degree .
In many areas of life , it ’s a positive trait .
In poker , however , it ’s a tendency that needs to be aggressively – and finely – calibrated to ensure that your innate fear of losing does n’t prevent you from playing to win .
If you do n’t get rakeback , you risk paying thousands more each year in tournament fees and cash game rake .
Do n’t sign up for a room without rakeback – Enter your email below to view dozens of exclusive rakeback offers from PartTimePoker and RakeBackNation .
As someone who spends a fair amount of time in airports , I marvel at the way my fellow citizens present themselves in public .
I see middle - aged women who appear to have left home in their pajamas .
But it 's the costume and demeanor of American young men especially that raises interesting questions about who we have become .
The fashion and body language of male youth in 2009 comes from three sources : prison , the nursery , and the pimpmobile .
It 's an old story now that many conventions of gangster fashion come out of the jail experience , where they take away your belt and shoelaces so you wo n't hang yourself .
Apparently , at some point in US history , they stopped giving the belts and shoelaces back on release , and it became stylish to wear your trousers falling down below the top of your underpants ( or butt crack as the case may be ) .
Jail being a kind of accreditation device these days , the message may be : I passed the entrance exam .
Less obvious is the contribution of the nursery .
Pants that are ambiguously neither long or short , worn with XX - large T shirts , tend to make grown men look like babies .
Babies have short legs and large torsos compared to grown men .
They also make big awkward gestures and touch their sex organs a lot .
Add a sideways hat and unlaced sneakers and you have the complete kindergarten rig .
Why a 20 - year - old male would want to look five years old is another interesting question , but it may have a lot to do with the developmental failures of boys raised in households without fathers .
They simply do n't know how to be men .
They only know how to behave like five year old boys .
They even give themselves nursery school nicknames .
But they are men , and what could be more menacing than the paradox of a child bent on homicide .
Tattoos used to be pretty much the sole fashion statement of merchant seamen or people who have served in the armed forces ( or people who live in jungles ) .
Now they are common among career girls .
The tattooed guys I see down at the gym are ordinary young men who work in cubicles .
Tattoos on sailors used to celebrate places they had been or people they had loved .
The tattoos I see now are meant to convey fierce and barbaric statements of superhuman power : look at me , I 'm a Power Ranger !
It 's understandable that someone who spends most of his waking hours in a cubicle wearing a telephone headset in order to swindle old people out of their savings might fantasize about rising above all that .
But the tragic thing , of course , is that getting tattooed is not quite the same as accomplishing something with your life .
In the end , you 're just another loser with a grandiose and ridiculous tattoo .
The pimp connection is too obvious to belabor -- meant to mock normal executive attire while signifying an existence of total leisure and the enjoyment of unearned riches .
The trouble is that the worship of unearned riches -- based on the belief that it truly is possible to get something for nothing -- has now become normal at all levels in American life .
Everybody from the lowest whoremonger on Hollywood Boulevard to the Wall Street hedge fund managers believes in unearned riches plucked from " suckers . "
The catch is that men who live by this code almost always come to a bad end .
They get their throats cut with razors , or go to prison , or manage to lose all their unearned riches ( and the investments of many strangers , too ) .
The portrait of the young American male in 2009 , therefore , is of an impotent , infantalized being lost in grandiose fantasies of power and importance .
It 's a picture of men without real confidence , and no idea how to achieve it , who wish to project a transcendently ferocious image complete with odds - and - ends of manner taken from comic books and movies based on comic books , in order to be taken seriously .
The rest of the world must tremble to contemplate the picture we present .
The Nazi soldiers of 1944 were glamour boys compared to the riff - raff that American young men have become .
As for those who actually do make it into the army , you wonder how they appear to the locals overseas -- they 're probably taken seriously as exactly what the present themselves to be : manifestly evil beings who really need to be blown up .
Back home , I look around at the thugs and sluggos at my gym , and I 'm ashamed to be a citizen of the same country they live in .
[ Via - James Howard Kunstler ]
Firing the boss to fly solo
Better living through beads
How To Avoid Deadbeat Clients
Recession niche : Removing junk from foreclosures
Entrepreneur Living Dream With Tour Niche
In my quest to find the perfect man , I decided that the best route to take was to troll the areas where he may be lurking .
He wo n’t be buying me drinks at the bar .
He wo n’t be reading a book at a local coffee shop .
He wo n’t be playing basketball at the gym .
He will be on the Internets .
Stealing my heart .
Therefore , I decided to publish an ad on Craigslist – because reaching the target audience is the first step towards love .
And also because I ’m moderately shameless .
Kind of .
An important note :
The geeks I manage to find ( i.e. in the computer lab ) rarely exhibit a sufficient amount of confidence to talk ( back ) to me .
I find it much easier to strike conversation with them through a medium in which they are comfortable , that is , through the computer .
Also , I hardly ever post up my pictures , but had I left myself faceless , I would be subject to the stereotypes of being : ( a ) fat , ( b ) ugly , ( c ) a man , or ( d ) all of the above .
Uh , not to say that none of those items apply ?
Incidentally , within an hour of posting , my ad received approximately 50 responses from approximately 48 dipshits before getting flagged .
( Yes , I ’ll admit that 4 % of them stole my e-breath away ) .
In one unfortunate instance , however , I asked , “ what ’s your favorite [ programming ] language ? ”
He responded , “ you mean like english ? [ sic ] ”
Time to take an alternate route , captain .
please be smart and funny , please be smart and funny , please be smart – 21 ( berkeley )
I ’m very picky .
But I ’m not looking for some tall , handsome dipshit who likes walking along the beach and buying flowers .
Or whatever .
The only men who seem to approach me tend to be either ( a ) ghetto black men who are interested in only one type of head or ( b ) well - dressed douchebags who overuse the word “ awesome . ”
And that is not what I ’m looking for .
Granted , I ’m very picky .
Incidentally , do n’t message me unless you fit the following criteria .
Also , I promise that this is not a joke – this is your dream come true :
(1) You are fluent in C++ , Python , Perl , Java , Ajax , MySQL , and PHP .
Or a good majority of them .
(2) The following acronyms mean something to you : OOT , SC: BW , CS , D2 , DOTA , SSBM , and , hell , YTMND .
(3) Your even ‘ tan ’ is accredited mostly to the light on your computer screen .
(4) Excessive facial hair .
And thus , excessive body hair .
(5) You do n’t give a shit about what other people think about you , especially when you ’re wearing your hole - ridden gym shorts and your free t- shirt from an engineering internship you had last summer .
Based on your e-mail , I will know instantly whether or not you fit my criteria , so do n’t try to bullshit me .
I ’m an amazing cook and I will give you blowjobs .
And this probably excites you because you ’re most likely a virgin .
I will play video games with you .
I will make you sandwiches .
And you can play with my boobs .
The only reason I ’m posting this on Craigslist is because you motherfuckers are hard to find , and I ’m not willing to create an account on WOW .
I ’m honestly just looking for someone who can make me laugh .
For someone who can understand me and my Internet - based sense of humor .
For someone to care for .
For someone to cuddle with .
And for someone to bone , I guess .
Lawmakers have tapped the brakes on NASA 's post - shuttle future .
When the House appropriations subcommittee handed back President Obama 's proposed $ 18.7 billion NASA budget last week , the bill was $ 483 million lighter .
Most notable among the cuts was a 16 percent slash to the agency 's budget for manned space exploration , originally weighing in at $ 4 billion .
The move " reflects the uncertainty surrounding NASA 's current strategy for replacing the space shuttle and returning astronauts to the moon by 2020 , " wrote Space.com .
Rep. Alan Mollohan ( D ) of West Virginia , chairman of the subcommittee , stressed that the cuts did not mean Congress has lost faith in NASA .
Instead , the congressmen are waiting for the results of a 10 - member panel that 's looking into the future of manned mission .
With NASA 's shuttle program coming to an end in 2010 , the White House formed a commission , headed by former Lockheed Martin chief Norm Augustine , to investigate the Orion capsule , Ares I rocket , and the other technologies on the table .
Their report should come in August .
The budget cut is " a deferral taken without prejudice ; it is a pause , a time - out , to allow the president to establish his vision for human space exploration and to commit to realistic future funding levels to realize this vision , " Mollohan said during the June 4 subcommittee meeting .
Mr. Augustine has already said that his panel is not bound to the current plan , known as Constellation .
" We will be looking at different architectures , as well as the existing architecture , and I am not in a position to make any predictions , " he said during a briefing in May .
" We have been asked to provide options . "
As Peter N. Spotts , the Monitor 's science correspondent , wrote last month :
One important political factor that could keep Constellation on track :
Without it , US astronauts would have to rely on Russian Soyuz launches to reach the International Space Station far longer than they would otherwise would .
An approach other than Constellation would take years to develop .
It is a potential gap in US capabilities that former NASA administrator Michael Griffin called " unseemly . "
While walking around the booths at the AIA 2009 Convention , I stopped by Google , who are not only presenting Sketchup 7 but also showing architects how to market their firms using AdWords and YouTube .
Also , they have a very good discount for those of you who want to buy Google Sketchup Pro 7 : a $ 100 off ( retails at $ 495 ) .
So , if you were looking to buy the latest version of one of the most easy ( yet powerful ) modeling tools just head to their store and use promo code SUAIA9 , valid until May 15 , 2009 on single - user licenses only .
You can also download the basic version for free .
Here is Independent Institute Research Fellow Stephen P. Halbrook as the keynote speaker before an audience of 1,000 people at the Fourth Annual Right to Keep and Bear Arms Rally that was held on April 21st in the State Capitol Building of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania , in Harrisburg , Penn .
Dr. Halbrook is the author of our bestselling book , The Founders ’ Second Amendment : Origins of the Right to Bear Arms , that has formed the basis for the Second Amendment Book Bomb .
David J. Theroux is Founder , President and Chief Executive Officer of the Independent Institute .
Posts by David J. Theroux | Full Biography and Publications is Founder , President and Chief Executive Officer of the Independent Institute .
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
Friends of Doctor Who fanatic Seb Neale gave him a fitting send - off at his funeral yesterday – in a Tardis coffin complete with flashing blue light .
Seb , 26 , who bore an amazing resemblance to Dr Who actor David Tennant , died from head injuries after a fall at a friend ’s barbecue .
His parents knew he would not want sombre music or a religious ceremony , so they arranged a funeral that celebrated his love of the show .
So the 200 mourners who arrived at the crematorium yesterday were handed a service card with a picture of Seb dressed as Tennant and holding the Doctor ’s sonic screwdriver
Emblazoned across the glossy card were the words : “ I ’m a Time Lord – I ’m not a human being .
I walk in eternity . ”
And instead of readings from the scriptures , the service used excerpts from Dr Who scripts .
One read : “ One day I shall come back .
Yes , I shall come back .
Until then , there must be no regrets , no tears , no anxieties .
“ Just go forward in all your beliefs and prove to me that I am not mistaken in mine .
Goodbye . ”
As Seb ’s Tardis coffin made its exit , the blue light on top started flashing and the famous electronic theme music from the TV series blared out .
Seb ’s parents Jenny and Steve asked his friends to help organise the funeral service .
He had loved Dr Who since he was a small boy and usually dressed in a suit so he looked even more like Tennant .
Seb sold replicas of props from sci- fi movies from his home in Risca , Caerphilly .
His mum Jenny , 42 , said : “ He was a lovely boy with an infectious laugh .
He was an eccentric and very much his own person . ”
Stepdad Steve Williams added : “ Seb would have loved to have seen it .
If you can describe a funeral as fantastic then that is what it was .
“ It was not everyone ’s idea of what a funeral should be but it gave us a great comfort . ”
A family tribute read : “ Seb never missed an opportunity to make the most of his similarity to the latest Doctor Who .
“ You could even say he exploited it and if there was a pretty girl about , so much the better . ”
But in doing so , please allow me to say to the men and women of the United Kingdom that we have let you down very badly indeed .
We must all accept the blame and , to the extent that I have contributed to the situation , I am profoundly sorry .
With Mac sales more or less plateauing during the last quarter , and Apple 's market share growth down to nearly nothing , Apple has certainly gotten a few hints on how to increase market share in our current economic climate .
The common refrain is that Apple should lower its prices , and a recent rumor suggested that Apple planned to do just that .
But lowering prices wo n't necessarily be the magic bullet that some suspect .
Microsoft's " Laptop Hunters " series of ads has driven the price argument home .
Money is tight , and Apple does n't have much in the way of " budget " computers .
It 's $ 600 for the entry - level Mac mini , and that 's without a display , keyboard , or mouse .
If you want a laptop from Apple , ante up $ 1,000 .
And let 's face it : anyone who is a long - time Mac user knows that Apple charges out the wazoo for RAM and hard drive space .
Apple could safely lower prices on these common upgrades , or at the very least include more for the price points it does offer .
With margins regularly exceeding 30 percent , Apple definitely has some wiggle room .
But there is a downside to lowering prices , and it's one that the entire PC industry — the notable exception being Apple — has been experiencing : once you lower prices , it 's nigh impossible to bring them back up .
The average selling price for PCs has continued to spiral downward over the last several years .
Most PC makers have shaven margins down to gossamer while hoping to make it up on volume , making profits harder to come by .
Apple certainly could put together a $ 500 laptop ; it would sell like hotcakes , and Apple 's market share would likely experience a surge .
Apple has largely avoided this game , and so it has regularly posted healthy quarterly profits for the last couple of years .
Even during the first quarter , Apple reported its best post - holiday revenues ever .
While other PC makers struggle , Apple is weathering the recession quite well .
So , Apple could lower prices on its current products .
But if prices were pushed low enough , Apple could feel pressure to cut corners to maintain healthy margins .
That would be dangerous ground to tread , since Apple has long maintained a reputation among many as a brand that does n't cut corners , in either performance or aesthetics .
That 's part of the whole cachet that differentiates the Mac from " average " PCs , and part of the reason Apple can command generally higher prices for its computers .
It also drives the high levels of customer satisfaction and brand loyalty that Apple has that other PC makers do n't have .
Apple has to decide how much of its margins it is willing to concede , more or less permanently , to gain some unknown amount of additional market share .
Historically , the company has been unwilling to concede any profit margin .
That has generally meant the Mac is stuck with a small market share , but Apple as a company has made a successful business out of having under 10 percent of the PC market .
Apple certainly could put together a $ 500 laptop ; it would sell like hotcakes , and Apple 's market share would likely experience a surge .
Will it be as good as the current , entry - level white MacBook that sells for $ 999 ?
The answer is most assuredly not .
And when some significant portion of those customers that bought the " cheap " Mac complain , what will happen to Apple 's market share then ?
Ultimately , Apple may decide to lower prices , perhaps as much as 10 – 20 percent across the board .
That should also result in some significant increase to market share without Apple having to seriously compromise quality .
But Apple better be prepared to keep prices at those levels , and be satisfied with the margins at those prices — even after the economy digs itself out of the ditch .
Apple can always be subtle about how it raises prices , but it wo n't go completely unnoticed .
Fear and aversion to risk have been part of the economy ’s problems since the downturn began , and Mr. Obama ’s aides have been highly attuned to the risks of a downward spiral of pessimism .
In recent weeks , his economic team has begun flagging signs that the worst could be over , even as it carefully released the results of its bank examinations in a way that suggested a desire to reassure the financial markets and consumers .
They got a bit of backing this week from the Federal Reserve chairman , Ben S. Bernanke , who forecast that the economy was likely to begin growing again by the end of the year .
“ Remember this central paradox of financial crisis , ” Lawrence H. Summers , Mr. Obama ’s top economic adviser in the White House , said in mid-March , when every arrow was pointing down , “ that while the problem was caused by excessive complacency and excessive optimism , what we need today is more optimism and more confidence . ”
Mr. Obama ’s own words on Friday signaled that he was worried about the perils of getting out ahead of the numbers .
He spent more time talking about the letters he received from the desperate and out - of - work than he did dwelling on the decline in the pace at which Americans are losing their jobs .
After all , 539,000 job losses in a single month is not exactly cause for celebration , even if it represents an improvement over the previous month .
“ There ’s a kind of artistry to this , is n’t there ? ” said Robert Dallek , the presidential historian best known for chronicling how Lyndon Johnson , the consummate politician , never led the public out of its view that everything was falling apart .
“ You do n’t want to come out and say the recession is over .
You want to do a version of Churchill ’s line about how this is n’t the end , or the beginning of the end , but rather the end of the beginning . ”
In Mr. Obama ’s case , polls showed that a significant chunk of the public was predisposed to look for the bright side .
The proportion of Americans who said the country was moving in the right direction rose to 41 percent in a New York Times / CBS News poll last month , from 15 percent in January just before his inauguration , even though by nearly every measure the economy was getting worse during that period .
But there are plenty of skeptics out there , from economic historians who know that history is littered with false recoveries , to those who argue that Mr. Obama has engineered a turnaround at the cost of phenomenal deficits and a huge new role for the government in the private sector .
The US has 50 to 60 detainees whom it has been unable to repatriate The Pacific nation of Palau says it has agreed to a US request to temporarily resettle up to 17 Chinese Muslims .
The 17 men are ethnic Uighurs , now being held at the Guantanamo Bay detention centre on Cuba , and the US has asked for help to re-settle them .
Their fate was problematic due to fears for their safety if they were repatriated to China .
Palau , a former US trust territory , grants diplomatic recognition to Taiwan , not China .
Palau President Johnson Toribiong said his government had " agreed to accommodate the United States of America 's request to temporarily resettle in Palau up to 17 ethnic Uighur detainees ... subject to periodic review . "
' Humanitarian '
In a statement , he said his tiny country is " honoured and proud " to resettle the detainees , who have been found not to be " enemy combatants . "
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
He said the agreement was a " humanitarian gesture " , which had nothing to do with the upcoming review of the Compact of Free Association under which the US gives large sums to Palau .
US officials asked Mr Toribiong on 4 June to accept some or all of the 17 Uighur detainees due to strong US congressional opposition to releasing them on US soil .
Guantanamo Bay officials have been attempting to fulfil US President Barack Obama 's order to close the detention facility by early next year .
Palau , with a population of about 20,000 , is an archipelago of eight main islands plus more than 250 islets that is best known for diving and tourism and is located some 800 km ( 500 miles ) east of the Philippines in the Pacific Ocean .
The US will not send the Uighurs back to China for fear they will be tortured or executed .
Beijing says Uighur insurgents are leading an Islamic separatist movement in China 's far west and wants those held at Guantanamo to be returned to China .
Analysts said the fact that Palau is an ally of Taiwan , not China , could have helped the negotiations .
In 2006 , Albania accepted five Uighur detainees from Guantanamo but has since balked at taking others , partly for fear of diplomatic repercussions from China .
Australia has already twice rejected US appeals to resettle the Uighurs .
Palau has retained close ties with the United States since independence in 1994 when it signed a Free Compact of Association with the US .
It relies heavily on the US for aid and defence .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
" What 's fascinating about this is that it is the government taking the hard line here , insisting that the new company should emerge free of those liabilities .
It 's the government actually thinking like hardheaded investors instead of taking the more predictable , more socialist line . "
Outside of bankruptcy , General Motors and Chrysler were no longer competitive enough to remain solvent .
After Chapter 11 reorganization , the two automakers will have a clean financial statement and a whole lot fewer employees , plants , and dealers .
Another area where the two automakers will receive a clean bill of health is product liability lawsuits , and the savings will be huge , The Detroit News reports .
GM , for example , had $ 928 million in liability expenses ( including court costs and lawyer fees ) in 2008 and $ 1.1 billion in 2007 .
The government has ruled that the new GM and Chrysler will not be held liable for vehicles sold by the old GM and Chrysler .
Lawyers are still debating whether or not cars and trucks purchased after bankruptcy proceedings began will be covered , but anything before bankruptcy is apparently out of the picture .
University of Michigan law professor and bankruptcy scholar John Pottow told the DetNews that GM lawyers gave him the impression that it was the government that was driving this issue :
While the two companies ' ledgers will look better without the threat of liability , the move is brutal for those who are awaiting trial or have already been awarded money but have yet to receive any funds .
Those who have been permanently disabled as a result of alleged vehicle defects will now likely never receive a dime for their injuries .
While pre-bankruptcy liabilities will be swept under the rug , GM and Chrysler will continue to cover all applicable warranties both pre- and post - bankruptcy .
In the meantime , attorneys general from a number of states are n't taking the matter lying down – eight separate states have filed objections to the provision in federal bankruptcy court on Friday .
[ Source : The Detroit News
The bitterness is evident with a glance at blog sites .
On the liberal side , there are pictures of obscene practices , shrill denunciations of Mr. Cheney , and headlines like , '' Torture is foreplay for war . ''
On conservative sites , the analyst Bill Kristol boasts , '' Bring it on . ''
There are headlines like '' Declassify Obama 's native - birth along with torture memos . ''
The agenda for much of the left is vengeance , to thoroughly discredit the Bush administration .
For much of the right , including Mr. Cheney , it 's to play on fears that America is vulnerable because Mr. Obama is n't tough enough on terrorists .
The issue wo n't go away .
Torture was used extensively on some captives in 2002 and 2003 , with dubious legal justification and debatable results , and the U.S. government lied to its citizens .
Critics contend it would be harmful to U.S. intelligence and foreign relations to expose policies and techniques that may prove embarrassing while the United States is in the middle of a war .
They forget that the Roberts Commission was established to investigate the Japanese assault on Pearl Harbor 11 days after the surprise attack .
Others suggest that this is a partisan witch hunt .
That ignores that many top Republican officials , at the time and since then , vehemently opposed these practices .
The infamous legal justifications for the policy crafted by the Justice Department 's Office of Legal Counsel , then headed by Jay Bybee , now a federal judge , and John Yoo , were ridiculed and overturned by subsequent Bush appointees to that office .
Ali Soufan , a Federal Bureau of Investigation expert on Al Qaeda , revealed that he got more information from one of the captured terrorists using conventional methods .
He was so appalled when Central Intelligence Agency contractors started using torture that he objected and reported it back to F.B.I. headquarters .
The F.B.I .
A New Citizenship : Professor Michael Sandel delivers four lectures about the prospects of a new politics of the common good .
The series is presented and chaired by Sue Lawley
14 . Use of For loop instead of jQuery $ .each loop .
Camel Ride to the Pyramids
Your exciting Egyptian adventure begins in the lively city of Cairo , and takes us to Aswan , Luxor , and the Red Sea town of Hurghada .
You ride camels & donkeys , sail on feluccas and cruise boats and ride in a horse drawn carriage .
Egypt $ 1,420
Canyoning in Australia
Led by professional guides in the world ’s best adventure environment , you will combine water jumps , subterranean swims and waterfall abseils , all set against a stunning Lost World backdrop Australia $ 150
Crocodile Cage Diving
Not for the feint of heart .
This cage dive will bring you face to face with vicious crocidiles .
South Africa $ 628
Gumball Ralley Baby !
The Gumball 3000 is an annual 3000 mile ( 5000 km ) international rally which takes place on public roads , with a different 3000 mile route around the world each year .
120 cars participate , often driven by their owners .
America $ 44,000
Baja Racing in Mexico
Get off road and try going over speeds over 100 MPH on rough terrain , now that ’s fun !
Mexico $ 3,000
Naturally Heated River Bathing
All though this experience is n’t “ extreme ” – it is by far one of the coolest things to do .
In Iceland if you walk up into the hills , the rivers get hotter and hotter , I was able to find a spot to match the heat of my hot tub with a waterfull hitting my back , now thats a cool experience !
Iceland FREE
Go into Outer Space Virgin Galactic , set to launch in 2012 , will be the first opportunity for commerical space flights .
Its planned trajectory will overlap the Earth ’s atmosphere at 70,000 feet , which will make it a sub-orbital journey with a short period of weightlessness .
USA $ 150,000
HALO Skydive
On a HALO dive you will jump out of the plane at an altitude higher than Mount Everest and free fall for 2 minutes before pulling your parachute .
USA $ 3,495
Hang Gliding Prepare to fly like a bird over a goregous landscape .
Relax and soar !
Spain $ 1,350
Heli -Ski Forget the chairlift !
Ride to the top of the mountain in a helicopter , then jump out , board first and immediately start carving the mountain .
USA $ 3,250
Hot Air Balloon Ride in Califonia Prepare for a flight over mountains , from beach to desert or somewhere in - between .
The length of the flight is up to winds and fuel .
This can put you in the basket for hours at a time .
USA $ 650
Fly a MIG
Jet to the edge of space Adventure tour – Advanced aerobatics flight in MIG 29 Fulcrum jet fighter to the edge of space .
Russia $ 40,000
Bungy jump in Macau Imagine you ’re standing on the tower , 233 metres up .
Now take a stroll around the outer - rim that encircles the tower .
Piece of cake , right ?
Oh , did we tell you that the walkway is just 1.8 metres wide and , get this , THERE ’S NO HANDRAIL !
China $ 2,088
Hire A Private Island
Hire for example Sir Richard Branson ’s private island – Necker Island .
Like a vision of Eden , Necker Island juts up from the ocean a mile north of Virgin Gorda in the celebrated British Virgin Islands .
British Virgin Islands $ 45,000
Operation Titanic
If you seek adventure like nothing on this earth , then you are sure to enjoy a trip to the bottom of the ocean floor to catch a glimpse of the infamous Titanic .
Operation Titanic is a 12 - day adventure to the ocean floor aboard a research vessel in the North Atlantic .
Newfounland $ 52,931
Paramotoring Paraglide without a boat !
Paramotoring allows you to surf the skies in a parachute with a small motor attached to it .
UK $ 1,950
Play Pebel Beac
There is no equal to the two resort hotels that make up the Pebble Beach Resort .
Both of the hotels command views of the most scenic stretches of the California Coastline .
The two hotels are both exceptional resorts unto to themselves offering outstanding service in a relaxing world - class atmosphere .
USA $ 4,400
Ride the biggest coaster in the world The Diamondback is the largest roller coaster in Kings Island ’s history .
The $ 22 million roller coaster travels at speeds of 80 mph over 5,282 feet with ten hills and a splash down water feature .
USA $ 50
Running with the Bulls in Pampalona
Put on your best running shoes and prepare to defy death .
You will be chased around the ancient streets of Pamplonaby thousand pound bulls , before watching a bullfighting and eating the slain animal .
Spain N / A
Sand Dune Boarding
Just like snowboarding , without the snow .
This exhilirating sport allows you ride the dunes on a sandboard or boogie board .
Nothing beats the feeling of standing strapped to a sand board on top of a wind crafted sand dune with wide open spaces surrounding you .
South Africa $ 45
Scuba diving at Night in the Caribean Swim through the deep waters of the open ocean in the middle of the night .
Adventure out to see the nocturnal wonders of the deep blue sea .
Bahamas $ 2,295
ZapCat Racing
Take an insane trip on the English channel in a ZapCat race boat with a professional and see just how crazy it can get .
England $ 350
Snow Mobiling a glacier in Iceland
This is one of the things I have ticked off my list , greatest experience ever hanging with local people .
In Iceland they work really hard , but party really hard and it shows on the ice !
Iceland $ 750
Stay in an Ice Hotel
You will be staying in a structure made of ice !
After a day of adventure , nightfall approaches quickly .
The outdoor temperature drops and when you step inside ICEHOTEL , you feel a rush of warm air .
Sweden $ 800
Swimming with sharks
For the serious diving and shark enthusiast , this unique trip starting in Cape Town , South Africa features 13 dives in total with full diving equipment included in the price .
At Cape
Town there are three shore dives , two boat dives , one night dive , a dive with sharks in the Two Oceans aquarium with the highlight being the Great White shark cage dive in the Gansbaai region to the east of Cape Town South Africa $ 2,242
Trekking the himalayas
Our once - in - a - lifetime journey to Kailash begins in fabled Humla , the far west of Nepal , with an eleven - day trek to the Tibetan border through the remote Limi Valley , where the inhabitants of the upper reaches are Bhotias , of Tibetan descent .
Nepal $ 4,680
White water rafting
Get ready for one of the most challenging physical experiences of your life – a category 5 white water rapid .
Hang on tight and be prepared to get thrown from the boat as you cruise down the aggressive waters .
USA $ 849
Wing Walk on a Bi Plane Strap yourself on to the wing of a classic bi-plane and relive the glory days of aviation , looping through the sky with nothing but goggles and leather to shield you from forces of up to 4G and 150 mph wind pressure .
UK $ 1,000
Zero G Force Flight
Two years ago just before Yanik Silver launched Maverick Business Adventures , I was able to go with him and a few other big name Guru ’s on a Zero G flight .
An amazing experience and the best fun I have ever had !
USA $ 4,950
Cash - strapped states and private health care providers are looking for ways to cut costs and save money in these economic times .
While across - the - board cuts in spending are intuitively appealing and a seemingly straightforward method for saving money , it turns out that some health care expenditures actually lead to cost savings .
Spend money to save money — at least when patients are dying .
One of the newest areas of specialization in health care is hospice and palliative care .
( The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ( CMS ) just began recognizing hospice and palliative care early in 2009 . )
This new specialty focuses on treating not just physical symptoms , but psychological , social , and spiritual suffering that accompanies a terminal illness .
Hospice and palliative care strive to optimize the quality of life for critically and terminally ill patients and their families when facing life - threatening illness or injury .
Ideally , hospice and palliative care are provided by an interdisciplinary team , and emphasize communication , symptom management , and family support .
In order to improve this new specialty , many hospitals , professional organizations , and palliative care advocacy groups are formulating objective measures of quality care .
Also , many quality and benchmarking groups , such as the National Quality Forum and HealthGrades , are receiving increasing pressure from health care providers and payors to implement quality standards for hospice and palliative care .
Still , quality of life near the end of life is not an easily measured or demonstrated outcome , making impartial and tangible conclusions difficult .
To standardize the quality of hospice and palliative care , the Joint Commission on the Accreditation of Health Care Organizations ( JCAHO ) proposed a palliative care certificate program for hospitals .
The program was supposed to be in place in August of 2008 , and was eagerly anticipated by practitioners and hospitals .
However , due to the current economic environment , JCAHO has recently announced that the rollout of the certificate program is being put on hold , with no release date set for the future .
This delay has frustrated many in the hospice and palliative care community who strive to provide high standards of care for patients and their families .
While quality care at the end of life is important , many proponents of spending cuts cite the Medicaid Hospice Benefit as a place to control spending and clean up the budget mess in many states .
( Many hospice programs do make a sizable profit on stable , long - term patients . )
However , cutting the entire benefit may not be a reasonable target .
Many recent studies are reporting that paying for hospice benefits actually saves money in state - funded programs , as well as hospitals .
To provide time and resources to sort out the truth , President Obama extended a 1 - year moratorium on reductions in hospice reimbursement through the end of September 2009 as part of the economic stimulus package .
Spending money on hospice and palliative care may actually be part of the solution to the health care spending crisis .
One study reported that coordinated palliative care led to a savings of $ 300 per patient per day receiving palliative care .
For an average 400 - bed hospital , this translates to a savings of $ 1.3 million annually .
Actions as simple as physician - patient - family conversations in the last week of life as part of a comprehensive palliative care approach led to significantly lower costs ( often thousands of dollars per week ) in the final weeks of a patient ’s life .
The same patients , with decreased costs , showed improved quality of death versus those without physician discussions of end - of - life issues .
Recently , the legislators of Florida proposed cutting the state ’s hospice benefit to reduce overall health care costs .
The legislature concluded that the state would save $ 343 million .
To fight back , Florida Hospices and Palliative Care conducted its own research and concluded that cutting the benefit would actually cost the state an additional $ 3.7 million .
Similar results were found in a study conducted by Duke University that claimed the average hospice patient receiving palliative care actually saved health care payors $ 2300 compared to patients receiving traditional care .
With an aging population filled with chronic disease , hospice and palliative care will be a growing specialty in the decades to come .
Similarly , cutting costs — in health care and other arenas –- will remain an important priority for America in the years to come .
But , we must respect the need for quality care at the end of life .
Health care is a lot more than lab tests , medicines , and people running around in white coats ; health care , particularly near the end of life , is the attention paid to the whole patient and his or her family .
If that attention to patients saves a few dollars , then maybe the health care system is on the right track , after all .
References
Morrison RS .
Better care , better bottom line for hospitals .
Medscape J Med. 2008;10 ( 12):274 .
Morrison , R. , Penrod , J. , Cassel , J. , Caust - Ellenbogen , M. , Litke , A. , Spragens , L. , Meier , D. , & , . ( 2008 ) .
Cost Savings Associated With US Hospital Palliative Care Consultation Programs Archives of Internal Medicine , 168 ( 16 ) , 1783-1790 DOI : 10.1001/archinte.168.16.1783
Mularski , R. , Curtis , J. , Billings , J. , Burt , R. , Byock , I. , Fuhrman , C. , Mosenthal , A. , Medina , J. , Ray , D. , Rubenfeld , G. , Schneiderman , L. , Treece , P. , Truog , R. , & Levy , M. ( 2006 ) .
Proposed quality measures for palliative care in the critically ill : A consensus from the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation Critical Care Workgroup Critical Care Medicine , 34 ( Suppl ) DOI : 10.1097/01.CCM.0000242910.00801.53
Phelps , A. , Maciejewski , P. , Nilsson , M. , Balboni , T. , Wright , A. , Paulk , M. , Trice , E. , Schrag , D. , Peteet , J. , Block , S. , & Prigerson , H. ( 2009 ) .
Religious Coping and Use of Intensive Life - Prolonging Care Near Death in Patients With Advanced Cancer JAMA : The Journal of the American Medical Association , 301 ( 11 ) , 1140 - 1147 DOI : 10.1001/jama.2009.341
Ray , D. , Fuhrman , C. , Stern , G. , Geracci , J. , Wasser , T. , Arnold , D. , Masiado , T. , & Deitrick , L. ( 2006 ) .
Integrating palliative medicine and critical care in a community hospital Critical Care Medicine , 34 ( Suppl ) DOI : 10.1097/01.CCM.0000237046.62046.49
TAYLORJR , D. , OSTERMANN , J. , VANHOUTVEN , C. , TULSKY , J. , & STEINHAUSER , K. ( 2007 ) .
What length of hospice use maximizes reduction in medical expenditures near death in the US Medicare program ?
Social Science & Medicine , 65 ( 7 ) , 1466-1478 DOI : 10.1016/j.socscimed.2007.05.028
Zhang , B. , Wright , A. , Huskamp , H. , Nilsson , M. , Maciejewski , M. , Earle , C. , Block , S. , Maciejewski , P. , & Prigerson , H. ( 2009 ) .
Health Care Costs in the Last Week of Life : Associations With End - of - Life Conversations Archives of Internal Medicine , 169 ( 5 ) , 480-488 DOI : 10.1001/archinternmed.2008.587
To date , whenever I 've needed free - to - use Creative Commons 2.0 or 2.5 images for blog posts or other projects I 've been relegated to either Wikipedia or Flickr for my image searches .
No longer will that be the case , thanks to a typically simple , yet broadly important
Google Image Search added the option to restrict the results to images that are licensed using Creative Commons , a list of flexible licenses that allow content creators to share their works with the world .
The options are n't yet available in the interface , but you can use the search box [ here ] to find images that are licensed using some of the most popular Creative Commons licenses .
The new CC search is already turning up great results and will clearly be an invaluable prosumer resource for years to come .
It 's certainly going to make this blog more visually appealing , entertaining and just plain weird ( sometimes the image results are just too funny to not include in a piece , no matter how tangentally relevant , ie this is the first CC 2.5 result for the search term " future " ) .
The waiter who received a $ 4000 tip from Johnny Depp has told RadarOnline.com about his night with the superstar !
Mohammed A . Sekhani — a veteran waiter at Chicago ’s legendary steakhouse Gibsons — told RadarOnline.com : “ Johnny and his party arrived just after 11.30 pm at the restaurant and requested a private room .
He had visited our restaurant several times before while he was filming Public Enemies and he promised me that he would return after the premiere . ”
Sekhani says Depp and his party ordered appetizers like shrimp cocktails while they prepared his favorite dish Clams Casino – which is clams baked with garlic , pepper and cheese .
Said Sekhani : “ He also ordered some $ 500 bottles of Italian wine and he was in good spirits throughout the evening chatting with Mr Mann and Miss Cotillard .
I have worked with a lot of stars like Sean Connery and Robert De Niro but Johnny Depp is my favorite .
He is a very soft spoken guy who is very charming and sweet – when I wait for him he does n’t like to be too fussed over and is not in any way demanding . “
It ’s not the first time Sekhani has waited on Depp .
“ Because he had visited us before he calls me ‘ Mo ’ and I know exactly the way he likes to be treated .
He may be one of the most famous actors in the world but he is a very ‘ humble guy ’ and a really cool dude .
Obviously , I was delighted with his tip but he has always been very generous every time that he has visited us here at Gibsons .
When the party left around 2.30 am he smiled and told me that he would return – they were a great group of people . ”
( Photo : Wenn )
The use of closed - circuit television in city and town centres and public housing estates does not have a significant effect on crime , according to Home Office - funded research to be distributed to all police forces in England and Wales this summer .
The review of 44 research studies on CCTV schemes by the Campbell Collaboration found that they do have a modest impact on crime overall but are at their most effective in cutting vehicle crime in car parks , especially when used alongside improved lighting and the introduction of security guards .
The authors , who include Cambridge University criminologist , David Farrington , say while their results lend support for the continued use of CCTV , schemes should be far more narrowly targeted at reducing vehicle crime in car parks .
Results from a 2007 study in Cambridge which looked at the impact of 30 cameras in the city centre showed that they had no effect on crime but led to an increase in the reporting of assault , robbery and other violent crimes to the police .
Home Office ministers cited the review last week in their official response to the critical report from the House of Lords constitution committee on surveillance published earlier this year .
The peers warned that the steady expansion of the " surveillance society " , including the spread of CCTV , risked undermining fundamental freedoms , including the right to privacy .
In their response the Home Office disclosed that the National Police Improvement Agency is planning new research into the effectiveness of CCTV .
The Campbell Collaboration review , by Farrington and a Massachusetts University criminologist , Brandon Welsh , concludes that CCTV is more effective in reducing crime in Britain than in other countries – as the Home Office points out .
But it also makes clear that of the 44 research studies the authors reviewed , only seven covered countries outside Britain and four of those involved the United States .
The Campbell Collaboration report says that CCTV is now the single most heavily - funded crime prevention measure operating outside the criminal justice system and its rapid growth has come with a huge price tag .
It adds that £ 170 m was spent on CCTV schemes in town and city centres , car parks and residential areas between 1999 and 2001 alone .
" Over the last decade , CCTV accounted for more than threequarters of total spending on crime prevention by the British Home Office , " the report says .
The Lords report said that £ 500 million was spent in Britain on CCTV in the decade up to 2006 , money which in the past would have gone on street lighting or neighbourhood crime prevention initiatives .
Welsh and Farrington say there has been concern that all this funding has been based on a handful of apparently successful schemes that were usually less than rigorously evaluated , done with varying degrees of competence and varying degrees of independence from government .
Their research review , which was funded by the Home Office and the Swedish Council for Crime Prevention , says that future CCTV schemes need high quality , independent evaluation.ends
This morning , while eating my Father ’s day bagel , I got to play some more with the video aspects of the Echo Nest remix API .
The video remix is pretty slick .
You use all of the tools that you use in the audio remix , except that the object you are manipulating has a video component as well .
This makes it easy to take an audio remix and turn it into a video remix .
For instance , here ’s the remix code to create a remix that includes the first beat of every bar :
audiofile = audio.LocalAudioFile( input_filename ) collect = audio.AudioQuantumList ( ) for bar in audiofile.analysis.bars : collect.append(bar.children ( ) [ 0 ] ) out = audio.getpieces ( audiofile , collect ) out.encode( output_filename )
To turn this into a video remix , just change the code to :
av = video.loadav( input_filename ) collect = audio.AudioQuantumList ( ) for bar in av.audio.analysis.bars : collect.append(bar.children ( ) [ 0 ] ) out = video.getpieces ( av , collect ) out.save(output_filename )
The code is nearly identical , differing in loading and saving , while the core remix logic stays the same .
To make a remix of a YouTube video , you need to save a local copy of the video .
I ’ve been using KeepVid to save local flv ( flash video format ) of any Youtube video .
Today I played with the track ‘ Boom Boom Pow ’ by the Black Eyed Peas .
It ’s a fun song for remix because it has a very strong beat , and already has a remix feel to it .
And since the song is about digital transformation , it seems to be a good target for remix experiments .
( and just maybe they wo n’t mind the liberties I ’ve taken with their song ) .
Here ’s the original ( click through to YouTube to watch it since embedding is not allowed ) :
Just Boom
The first remix is to only include the first beat of every measure .
The code is this :
for bar in av.audio.analysis.bars : collect.append(bar.children ( ) [ 0 ] )
Just Pow
Change the beat included from beat zero to beat three , and we get something that sounds very different :
Pow Boom Boom
Here ’s a version with the beats reversed .
The core logic for this transformation is one line of code :
av.audio.analysis.beats.reverse ( )
The 5/4 Version
Here ’s a version that ’s in 5 /4 – to make this remix I duplicated the first beat and swapped beats 2 and 3 .
This is my favorite of the bunch .
These transformations are of the simplest variety , taking just a couple of minutes to code and try out .
I ’m sure some budding computational remixologist could do some really interesting things with this API .
Note that the latest video support is not in the main branch of remix .
If you want to try some of this out you ’ll need to check out the bl - video branch from the svn repository .
But this is guaranteed to be rolled into the main branch before the upcoming Music Hackday .
Update : the latest video support is now part of the main branch .
If you want to try it out , check it out from the trunk of the SVN repository .
So download the code , grab your API key and start remixing .
Update :
As Brian pointed out in the comments there was some blocking on the remix renders .
This has been fixed , so if you grab the latest code , the video output quality is as good as the input .
More than $ 30 million a year in marijuana sales bought a lot of bling for the leaders of a drug ring in Northern New York , according to federal prosecutors :
• A garage - sized shed filled with $ 200,000 worth of tools .
• A monster truck .
• Surveillance cameras .
• Boats , luxury SUVs , ATVs and snowmobiles .
• Fish tanks outfitted with secret compartments to hide drugs and cash .
That 's what prosecutors say federal agents found two months ago when they raided homes and businesses on the Akwesasne Indian Reservation .
The Drug Enforcement Administration has arrested 26 people since February , about half of them members of the St. Regis Mohawk Indian tribe , on charges of running a marijuana - trafficking ring that sold between $ 300 million and $ 700 million worth of pot over the past 10 years .
The ring sold more than 100,000 pounds , making it by far the biggest marijuana ring the DEA has ever busted in Upstate New York , according to Special Agent Erin Mulvey .
The second largest that she was aware of was about half that .
The three leaders of the ring were n't shy about spending their money , according to Assistant U.S. Attorney Steven Tiscione .
One leader , Kenneth Cree , built a sprawling home on the reservation and installed surveillance cameras all over it , Tiscione said .
Cree built a tool shed that most people would call a garage , Tiscione said .
In his garage , he kept a monster truck , Tiscione said .
" It was just one of his toys , " Tiscione said .
The drug ring started around 1999 , a couple of years after federal agents busted a major smuggling ring on Akwesasne .
The reservation is prime real estate for smugglers of all kinds because it's the only Indian reservation that straddles the U.S. - Canada border .
That gives drug smugglers from Canada easier access to the U.S. , and vice - versa .
Cree 's drug ring filled the void of the previous smuggling ring , Tiscione said .
The marijuana was grown in Canada and transported by boat or snowmobile into the U.S. through the Akwesasne , according to a federal grand jury indictment .
After a while , the movement of large amounts of marijuana became so pervasive on the reservation that it continued in plain view , according to an affidavit from a DEA agent .
One accused drug dealer , Andrew Kagan , told a DEA informant in a secretly wiretapped phone conversation that people made no effort to hide the drugs , according to the affidavit from DEA Special Agent Kevin Merkel .
" These guys are driving around with ( expletive ) black garbage bags sticking out the back of a pickup truck , 40 pounds in a bag , " Kagan told the confidential informant .
David Staddon , a spokesman for St. Regis , said neither he nor anyone he 's talked to have seen marijuana being moved around the reservation .
" Keep in mind the veracity of the person making those kinds of statements , " Staddon said .
Mohawks at Akwesasne have long been unfairly associated with big - time smugglers because of the reservation 's cross - border location , he said .
" There 's a lot of outside groups that come in and take advantage of it , " Staddon said .
" Just like any other community , 99.9 percent of the people here are law - abiding citizens . "
The drugs ended up mostly in New York City , but some were sold in Syracuse and other Upstate cities , according to federal prosecutors .
The case is being prosecuted in Brooklyn federal court .
The defendants face charges of running a continuing criminal enterprise , importing marijuana and distributing marijuana .
They face up to 20 years in prison .
None of the defendants has been convicted .
Kagan , 32 , of New Jersey , was in charge of making hidden compartments in vehicles and furniture to hide the drugs and cash , according to Merkel 's affidavit .
Kagan told one of the leaders , Randy Square , that he could build him a fish tank that could hide $ 10 million in cash , the affidavit said .
Square responded in the wiretapped call that he would need two or three more fish tanks to hide all his cash , Merkel wrote .
DEA agents found about $ 20,000 in Square 's home on Akwesasne , Tiscione said .
Square , 44 , said in an interview last week month that he was never part of the marijuana ring .
He was implicated because he hangs out at a bar owned by David Sunday , another alleged leader of the ring , Square said .
" They got me as that guy 's partner , " Square said .
" Me and him do n't even get along . "
The cash that investigators found in Square 's home was from his wife 's and son 's landscaping business , he said .
Square said that Kagan tried to sell him hidden compartments for his vehicles and furniture , but that he never bought any .
" False accusations they got , " Square said .
He was arrested in February and was released from jail after posting a $ 2.5 million bond secured by 10 properties of friends and family .
Square could not use his own home to secure the bond because the federal government cannot seize homes on Indian reservations , Tiscione said .
The drug ring sold hydroponic marijuana , which is grown in water instead of soil and sells at a higher profit , Mulvey said .
The dealers compressed the marijuana and vacuum - sealed it to fit odd containers , Tiscione said .
Some storage compartments were thin and long so they could go under the length of the bed of a pickup truck , Tiscione said .
The storage could only be opened by pushing the correct combination of innocuous - looking buttons in the cab , he said .
John O'Brien can be reached at jobrien@syracuse.com or 470-2187 .
Where in the World is the S.C. Governor ?
Gov. Mark Sanford 's wife says she does not know the location of her husband .
June 22 , 2009  -- COLUMBIA , S.C. ( AP ) - Where is South Carolina 's governor ?
Gov. Mark Sanford 's wife said Monday she did not know the location of the two - term Republican chief executive .
Sanford 's staff declined to disclose where he was .
First lady Jenny Sanford told The Associated Press her husband has been gone for several days and she does n't know where .
She said she was not concerned .
Jenny Sanford said the governor said he needed time away from their children to write something .
Sanford spokesman Joel Sawyer declined to discuss where the governor was .
Sawyer told The Associated Press that Sanford was taking time to " recharge " after his failed fight against federal stimulus money .
Lt. Gov. Andre Bauer said he did n't know where Sanford is but said he had not been put in charge .
Fox 's publicity department have told a Dollhouse fansite to stop reporting rumors , because doing so harms the show .
Which , of course , made said site go public with the request .
Result ?
Bad publicity for Fox .
Oops .
Advertisement
The request came when Dollverse reported that the series ' " missing " episode , " Epitaph One , " would probably air this summer after all , something that Fox have not commented on , and asked to be corrected .
But the otherwise reasonable ( if terse ) email to the site , from Fox 's publicity director Todd Adair , has a surprisingly harsh ending :
Clearing up your misperceptions of the show has become very time consuming and frankly takes away valuable time that could be spent actively marketing the series in the proper way .
Advertisement
To me , that seems like an overreaction ; not to put down Dollverse , but surely fans can tell the difference between fansite - sourced rumors and official network - released news to a degree that it would n't take that much longer than , say , writing a press release to correct misinformation ?
Kevin from the site , of course , sees things in a much more confrontational fashion :
The email was CC'ed into other staff at FOX .
I tried replying to everybody to clarify to the issue ; however nobody at FOX chose to respond .
As far as I am aware , this is the first time a US network has tried to exert specific editorial control over a fan site , and I think deserves a debate .
As fans , do we want to hear news FOX wants us or approves us to report about a TV show we watch ?
... [ W ] e'd never demand FOX do ... things differently .
Because we can't .
Because we 're viewers .
FOX can not also demand we do n't cover certain subjects on the site .
We might only be fans , but we 're also viewers , and that gives us the power to be a fandom .
No - one from Fox has ( publicly , at least ) responded to the site making the issue public , and officially , " Epitaph One " has not been announced as airing on Fox in the US .
" Epitaph None " - FOX and Dollverse [ Dollverse ]
Informa said this morning that it would create a new parent company that will be listed in the UK , incorporated in Jersey and tax resident in Switzerland
Publishing and conference group Informa has become the first company to react to tax changes announced in the budget by moving its tax domicile out of the UK to Switzerland to escape " double taxation " .
The decision deals a fresh blow to Alistair Darling , who has come under fire for increasing the top rate of income tax to 50 % , sparking concerns that there would be an exodus of entrepreneurs and businesses .
Informa also unveiled a two - for - five rights issue to raise £ 242 m in an attempt to reduce its debt to £ 900 m by year - end , amid a warning from its chief executive Peter Rigby , who said of the economy : " We really do n't see many green shoots . "
Informa , the publisher of titles including Lloyd 's List and Routledge academic books , said this morning that it would create a new parent company that will be listed in the UK , incorporated in Jersey and tax resident in Switzerland .
The firm cited changes to the taxation of foreign profits announced in last week 's budget and due to come into effect at the start of July , relating to intellectual property rights such as patents , copyrights and trademarks .
With 80 % of its earnings coming from overseas , it believes it would end up being taxed twice – once abroad and again in Britain .
Under the new tax rules , the dividends companies receive from their overseas subsidiaries relating to " real " economic activity involving trade in goods and services will not be taxed by the UK authorities .
But income derived from intellectual property rights does not fall in this category and will be taxed by HM Revenue & Customs ( HMRC ) .
Rigby said the group acted because the new rules were likely to have a " material detrimental " impact on Informa 's tax position .
" There has n't been that certainty within the current environment and we believe taking this step gives us that certainty over the tax rate . "
Informa , which employs 9,000 staff in more than 40 countries , said moving its tax base to Switzerland would enable it to keep its tax rate at 26 - 27 % .
Without the move , its tax rate would go up to 30 - 31 % .
The amount of tax it pays in the UK will thus remain at around £ 50 m a year , Rigby said .
Adam Walker , the finance director , said the step was necessary for the company to stay competitive .
" This decision will have no impact on the UK economy .
This is a decision for Informa .
The vast proportion of our profits are generated abroad , " he added .
" This is part of an ongoing battle between some companies and the Revenue , " commented Richard Murphy , a tax expert .
Companies like Informa are " very good at locating their intellectual property rights in low - tax countries , " attracting HMRC 's attention , he said .
He added : " Companies that have a lot of intellectual property in their subsidiaries or make a lot of income from intellectual property are being challenged by the Revenue under the new rules .
The revenues are , in the Revenue 's view , largely artificial . "
Other companies have already moved their tax domicile out of Britain to countries with a more favourable tax regime such as Ireland .
The list includes advertising giant WPP , drugs group Shire , publishing company United Business Media , rented office group Regus , financial groups Henderson , Brit Insurance and Hiscox , and engineering firm Charter .
Some businesses have also launched legal challenges to the UK's tax regime , with Cadbury and Vodafone both winning significant legal battles against HMRC .
But Murphy said the new tax rules were beneficial to most UK companies and would help stem the exodus .
" The vast majority of companies which undertake real trade with real people will benefit from the new rules , " he said .
" It will simplify their affairs with the Revenue .
I do not expect there to be a significant exodus from the UK . "
Murphy also believes that despite talk of a " brain drain " from Britain – with Virgin tycoon Richard Branson saying the 50 % top rate of income tax was a " block to the next wave of entrepreneurs " – many business leaders will stay put .
" Every time there is a threat to the rich that they will be taxed a little bit more , we have no evidence that they 've actually left , " Murphy said .
" You are in the UK economy because it 's a great place to make money .
It 's also quite a cool place to live . "
Informa is the largest listed organiser of conferences and courses in the world and responsible for more than 2,500 subscription - based publications .
Shares in the company had risen by 14 % to 339.5 p by this afternoon .
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) -- Members of the Federal Open Market Committee say they expect the economy to begin to grow later this year , but cautioned that any recovery would be gradual .
How gradual ?
How about five or six years before the economy is back on even keel ?
The FOMC released the minutes of its April 28 - 29 meeting on Wednesday .
The good news : Policymakers said the already - small risk of a truly calamitous depression had gotten even smaller .
The bad news :
They significantly reduced their forecasts for how the economy would mostly likely to perform this year and over the next two years .
See full story .
Although sales and production are expected to begin to grow slowly this year , unemployment is expected to keep rising and stay high for years .
Just as occurred after the 1991 and 2001 recessions , U.S. gross domestic product could turn higher long before the unemployment rate begins to fall .
At least one member of the committee expected the unemployment rate at the end of 2011 to be 9 % , which is even higher than the 8.9 % we saw in April .
At least one member said the unemployment rate would hit 10 % later this year , although the " central tendency " of the full committee was n't quite so dire , with an expected jobless rate of " just " 9.2 % to 9.6 % in the fourth quarter .
Most members of the committee -- the 12 Fed bank presidents and the six Fed governors -- " indicated they expected the economy to take five or six years to converge to a longer - run path " consistent with the Fed 's goals of maximum employment and price stability , the minutes said .
( In the long run , the Fed thinks the economy can grow at a 2.5 % pace , with unemployment at about 5 % and inflation at 2 % . )
What 's more , " several " members thought full recovery " would take longer " than five or six years .
Talk about a lost decade !
-- Rex Nutting , Washington bureau chief
A claim by an Australian virus researcher that swine flu may have been created by human error is being investigated by the World Health Organisation ( WHO ) .
Former Australian National University scientist Professor Adrian Gibbs says the virus could have been created in laboratories which grow viruses to make vaccines .
Professor Gibbs says he came to the conclusion while analysing the virus 's genetic blueprint on the internet .
" There is the real possibility that it could be some sort of error in the laboratory , " he said .
" One of the things that is known about the flu hemagglutinin gene is that it speeds up when it is grown in eggs , and flu is grown in laboratories in eggs . "
U.S. President Barack Obama shakes hands with audience members following a town hall meeting in Costa Mesa , California on March 18 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Phil McCarten ) | License Photo
WASHINGTON , March 19 ( UPI ) -- U.S. President Barack Obama secured a $ 500,000 advance for a children 's book project five days before taking office , a financial disclosure report revealed .
Ken Gross , a former associate general counsel at the Federal Election Commission , said there does n't appear to be any rules that would bar Obama from signing book deals while in the White House , The Washington Times reported Thursday .
Other analysts said they did n't know of a president ever signing a book deal upon entering the White House .
Advertisement
A Senate financial disclosure form filed Tuesday revealed Obama OK'd the advance Jan. 15 , five days before he was sworn in as president .
The advance is against royalties for an abridged version of " Dreams From My Father " for middle - school - aged children .
The contract is with Crown Publishing , a division of Random House .
A White House aide said the deal had been in the pipeline for weeks and that the publisher will condense the book .
The aide told the Times the publisher will receive half of the money while Obama will sign off on the final version .
The disclosure also showed Obama amended an existing deal with Crown Publishing to delay writing a non-fiction work until after he leaves office .
Israel ’s arsenal
Andrew Sullivan wonders “ why ca n’t Israel just declare that it ’s a nuclear power ? "
Good question .
I ’ve never had much problem with Israel having a nuclear arsenal myself — if I were Israeli , I ’d want one too .
Nor am I surprised that they do n’t want their neighbors to follow suit , because that ’s basically been our position too .
The United States would clearly prefer to be the only country with nuclear weapons ; the problem is that it ’s difficult - to - impossible to maintain a nuclear monopoly in perpetuity without fighting a lot of preventive wars .
And the same goes for Israel too .
As for Israel ’s policy of nuclear ambiguity — “ we will not be first to introduce nuclear weapons into the Middle East , but we will not be second ” — it was probably an effective ploy for awhile .
It was easier for some Arab governments to live with the asymmetry if Israel was n’t bragging about it , and it allowed the U.S. and the Europeans to turn a blind eye to the problem in various non-proliferation forums .
See Sullivan ’s follow up here .
But this polite fiction lost its hexing power some time ago , and now it just looks disingenuous .
More importantly , refusing to come clean is n’t affecting anyone ’s calculations today , and certainly not in the places that matter most ( like Tehran ) .
There is a substantial literature addressing Sullivan ’s original question , and a good place to start is Shai Feldman ’s Israeli Nuclear Deterrence ( Columbia University Press , 1981 ) .
Its core argument was straightforward : 1 ) nuclear deterrence works , especially for the protection of a state ’s core territory ; 2 ) other governments in the region understand this , and there ’s every reason to believe deterrence would work in the Middle East ; 3 ) Israel should openly declare its nuclear capability and adopt an explicit policy of deterrence ; and 4 ) relying more heavily on deterrence would reduce the importance of strategic depth and facilitate Israel ’s withdrawal from the Occupied Territories as part of a regional peace agreement .
Note that Feldman was writing back when Iraq and Syria were still Soviet client states , when there was no peace treaty between Israel and Jordan , and when Israel ’s economy was much smaller .
Of course , that was also before there were half a million Israelis living outside the 1967 borders .
Today , one could argue that the Israeli government could reassure its citizens about a possible “ existential ” threat from Iran by advertising its own far more impressive nuclear capability and reminding its that any Iranian attack on Israel would be an act of national suicide .
The problem , of course , is that calling attention to Israel ’s existing arsenal weakens the case for opposing Iran ’s nuclear programs .
And that might be part of the answer to Sullivan ’s query : Israel ca n’t declare that it is a nuclear weapons state when it ’s trying to convince the rest of the world that it ’s totally illegitimate for Iran to become one too .
For a history of Israel ’s nuclear program , check out Avner Cohen ’s Israel and the Bomb .
And for a qualified defense of Israel ’s policy of ambiguity , see Ze ’ev Maoz , “ The Mixed Blessing of Israel ’s Nuclear Policy , ” in the Fall 2003 issue of International Security .
I have been discussing population for the last few posts , and on my last installment in this series , I wanted to discuss the psychology behind why many of my readers still have difficulty grasping the message .
I do n't mean this in a disrespectful manner .
In fact , there is now an entire branch of psychology that deals with this sort of problem .
It emerged in 1982 , when Professor of Human Ecology at Pitzer College in Claremont , California , the late Paul Shepard , extended James Lovelock 's Gaia ( developed while Lovelock was working for NASA , the idea earth is a giant interconnected superorganism ) and Arne Naess ' Deep Ecology ( essentially the philosophical outgrowth of Gaia , sometimes called biotic egalitarianism ) into the realm of the psychological , proposing in his book Nature and Madness that if there are profound and innate links between the planet and the human beings , those links extend to the human mind - and that by wantonly destroying the former we are simultaneously ravaging the latter - quite literally driving ourselves mad one clear cut forest at a time .
Shepard 's arrived at this conclusion by thinking about how evolution shaped the human brain to shrink complexity by categorization .
Our brains slot everything into small boxes .
Part of this is our primate ancestry where divisions between ‘ us ' and ' them ' were often critical to survival and part came about during the development of language , when the act of giving names to things required us to first put them in categories .
Since those categories were based on what we saw around us , early language acted as our bridge to the natural world .
The letter " A " comes from the Hebrew world " aleph " which means , among other things , oxen .
Which is why , when you 'll you turn an " A " upside down , you get a pictograph of an oxen head .
Overall , Shepard 's work dealt with this process of categorization and how it affected the development of human .
He realized it was n't just that language was based on a connection to natural world , it was nearly everything else as well .
Humans spent 99 percent of their existence as hunter - gatherers , which means the entire architecture of the higher cortex has been built atop the scaffolding of the great outdoors .
When Shepard talks about humans being driven mad by environmental devastation , he 's actually concerned with what happens when the very things that taught us how to think disappear .
Since publication , these ideas have been authenticated and expanded and now form the foundation of the multidisciplinary field of ecopsychology .
Blending ecology , , sociology , psychology , environmental science - to name a few - ecopsychology concerns itself with everything from reestablishing our connection to the natural world to the emotional problem of confronting what Harvard psychiatrist and founder of the Center for Psychological and Social Change , John Mack , once called " the agonizing murder of the life systems on Earth . "
Experimental validation for ecopsychology can now be found everywhere .
In the wake of Hurricane Katrina , according to research conducted by the Hurricane Katrina Advisory Group , the rates of severe mental illness jumped from 6.1 percent to 11.3 percent among those who lived in the area .
Mild - to - moderate mental illness also doubled , from 9.7 to 19.9 percent .
But it 's not only reactions to environmental disaster triggering such emotions .
Most eco-psychologists have come to feel that the nearly 10 percent of adult Americans who suffer from mood disorders do so because of a lack of contact with wilderness .
One of the studies backing this up appeared in the October 2008 in the journal Nature , when researchers at the University of Illinois found a 20 minute walk in the woods out - performed all the drugs currently on the market for the treatment of ( ADHD ) in children .
But if there are profound links between ourselves and our eco-systems , one of the difficult questions for eco-psychology to answer is why are n't more of us insane .
After all , as James Gustav Speth , Dean of the Yale School of Forestry , recently pointed out : " Half of the world 's tropical and temperate forests are now gone .
The rate of deforestation in the tropics continues at an acre a second , and has for decades .
Half of the planet 's wetlands are gone .
An estimated 90 percent of large predator fish are gone , and 75 percent of marine fisheries are now overfished or fished to capacity .
Almost half the corals are gone or are seriously threatened .
Species are disappearing at rates 1,000 times faster than normal .
The planet has not seen such a spasm of extinction in 65 million years , since the dinosaurs disappeared . "
The answer seems to be that we are all slightly insane , only not perceptive enough to notice .
This happens because of the familiar trait : denial .
In her essay The Skill of Ecological Perception , the visual psychologist Laura Sewall examines this denial , which she calls our " psychic numbing , " a sort of collective that " shields us from fully experiencing the latest reports on ozone depletion , increasing pollution , toxicity , poverty , illness , and the death of species . "
Not surprisingly , this condition has been repeatedly linked to the pathology - which is both a case of massive self - aggrandizement and an inability to understand that the boundaries of self frequently extend beyond the confines of skin .
One of the ways this denial has been found to work is in our evaluation of gradual change , like the kind produced by .
Humans and frogs are not too different in that if you put either of species in the proverbial pot , and bring it to boil slowly enough , because the brain is so well - designed to notice rapid and sudden changes in its surroundings , it often fails to notice gradual increases in danger until it 's mostly too late .
Recently , the magazine New Scientist asked British biochemist James Lovelock , both the man who created the Gaia Hypothesis and the man whose work on atmospheric chlorofluorocarbons led to the global CFC ban that saved us , literally , from ozone layer depletion , if there was any hope for humanity now .
" I 'm an , " said Lovelock .
" I think it 's wrong to assume we 'll survive a 2 degree warming : there are already too many people on earth .
At 4 degrees we could not survive with one - tenth the current population .
The reason is we would not find enough food ( for every one degree the globe warms rice , corn and grain yields will drop by 10 percent ) , unless we synthesized it .
Because of this , the cull during this century is going to be huge , up to 90 percent .
The number of people remaining at the end of the century will probably be a billion or less .
It 's happened before : between ice ages there were bottlenecks where there were only 2000 people left .
It 's happening again . "
Ecopsychologists believe to heal ourselves , we simultaneously need to heal the planet .
The first step of this , as Sewall examines in a great essay called The Skill of Environmental Perception , is in learning to pay to the natural world .
We have to start to notice the tiny details , so we can start to notice the awesome danger those details are adding towards .
So we can act .
For the past four blogs , I 've been proposing a Five Year Ban - a voluntary , grassroots - based , worldwide five year moratorium on childbirth .
Five years lowers the earth 's population by a billion people .
It means the food that we 're going to run out of will go a lot farther .
It means the carbon we 're pumping into the earth 's atmosphere will be pumped slightly slower - maybe even giving us time to figure out how to slow it down further , or perhaps reverse the effects .
Five years to buy us some time .
Why do we need such a radical solution ?
because Lovelock 's not alone out there .
One of the main reasons I decided to put forth the idea of a five year ban is because I 'm not like most of my fellow PT bloggers .
They are primarily academics and clinicians .
I am a science writer and environmental reporter .
I spend most of my day talking to academics , clinicians and researchers - all scientists at the top of the fields .
For the past five years , in talking to these people - and I talk to as many ecologists as I do weapons designers so my inquiries cut across all political lines - researchers familiar with the facts have nearly unanimously echoed Lovelock 's concerns .
In proposing a Five - Year Ban what I 'm asking is for people to make a choice .
Do we want to lower our current population numbers voluntarily , or do we want nature to do it for us ?
And I 've been asking this because really , there 's no other choice .
( CNN ) -- English contains more words than any other language on the planet and will add its millionth word early Wednesday , according to the Global Language Monitor , a Web site that uses a math formula to estimate how often words are created .
The Global Language Monitor says the millionth word will be added to English on Wednesday .
The site estimates the millionth word will be added Wednesday at 5:22 a.m .
Its live ticker counted 999,985 English words as of early Tuesday evening .
The " Million Word March , " however , has made the man who runs this word - counting project somewhat of a pariah in the linguistic community .
Some linguists say it 's impossible to count the number of words in a language because languages are always changing , and because defining what counts as a word is a fruitless endeavor .
Paul J.J. Payack , president and chief word analyst for the Global Language Monitor , says , however , that the million - word estimation is n't as important as the idea behind his project , which is to show that English has become a complex , global language .
" It 's a people 's language , " he said .
Other languages , like French , Payack said , put big walls around their vocabularies .
English brings others in .
" English has the tradition of swallowing new words whole , " he said .
" Other languages translate . "
Do n't Miss The Global Language Monitor
The Internet , global commerce and global travel have accelerated the trend by putting English in contact with many other linguistic groups .
This has made English more rich and more complex -- hence all of the new terms , he said .
Still , Payack says he does n't include all new words in his count .
Words must make sense in at least 60 percent of the world to be official , he said .
And they must make sense to different communities of people .
A new technology term that 's only understood in Silicon Valley would n't count as a mainstream word , he said .
His computer models check a total of 5,000 Web sites , dictionaries , scholarly publications and news articles to see how frequently words are used , he said .
A word must make 25,000 appearances to be deemed legitimate .
Learn about how other languages stack up »
Payack said news events have also fueled the rapid expansion of English , which he said has more words than any other language .
Mandarin Chinese comes in second with about 450,000 words , he said .
English terms like " Obamamania , " " defriend , " " wardrobe malfunction , " " zombie banks , " " shovel ready " and " recessionista " all have grown out of recent news cycles about the presidential election , economic crash , online networking or a sports event , he said .
Other languages might not have developed new terms to deal with such phenomena , he said .
Language experts who spoke with CNN said they disapprove of Payack 's count , but they agree that English generally has more words than most , if not all , languages .
" This is stuff that you just can't count , " said Jesse Sheidlower , editor at large of the Oxford English Dictionary .
" No one can count it , and to pretend that you can is totally disingenuous .
It simply can't be done . "
The Oxford English Dictionary has about 600,000 entries , Sheidlower said .
But that by no means includes all words , he said .
For example , Sheidlower said " great - great - great - great - great grandfather " could be considered a word , but would n't be in the dictionary .
There 's a similar problem with numbers , which may be counted up by their pieces -- " twenty " and " three " -- but not always as a group , as in " two - hundred twenty - three . "
Part of what makes determining the number of words in a language so difficult is that there are so many root words and their variants , said Sarah Thomason , president of the Linguistic Society of America and a linguistics professor at the University of Michigan .
In the language of people who are native to Alaska , she said , there are dozens of words for snow , but many of them are linked together and would n't be counted individually .
Does that mean , she asked , that " slush , " " powder " and other snow words in English should be counted as one entry ?
Thomason called the million - word count a " sexy idea " that is " all hype and no substance . "
Linguists and lexicographers run into further complications when trying to count words that are spelled one way but can have several meanings , said Allan Metcalf , an English professor at MacMurray College in Illinois , and an officer at the American Dialect Society .
" The word bear , b - e - a-r -- is that two words or one , for example ?
You have a noun that 's a wild creature and then you have b- e - a-r , [ which means ] to bear left or to bear right , and there 's many other things , " he said .
" So you really can't be exact about a millionth word . "
Payack said he does n't consider his to be the definitive count , just an interesting estimation based on set criteria he has helped develop .
" It 's always an estimation , " he said .
" It 's like the height of Mount Everest is an estimation .
The height of Mount Everest has changed five times in my lifetime because as we get better tools , the estimates get better . "
He said the count is meant to be a celebration of English as a global language .
And , while he says other languages are being stamped out by English 's expansion , it 's a powerful thing that so many people today are able to communicate with such a vast list of words .
All About English Language • Language and Linguistics
If you go to the Apps Store on your [ shal ] iPhone [ / shal ] or [ shal ] iPod Touch [ / shal ] , a certain game titled [ shal ] Aquatica [ / shal ] may catch your attention for several reasons , one of which is the fact that it looks and plays identically to thatgamecompany ’s PC / PS3 title , flOw .
[ shal ] Jenova Chen [ / shal ] , the creator of [ shal ] flOw [ / shal ] , has rightfully accused Ketara Software of using flOw ’s source code and art style / design without his consent .
This is what he had to say :
“ I released flOw source for people to learn .
I did n’t expect to see it on iPhone without quoting the creator .
I just gave out source for people who wants to learn Flash programming .
However , according to them , they wrote it from scratch .
The image and animation in Aquatica is almost identical to the original web game I created .
I felt maybe they are one of the many who asked me for the flOw source code .
But according to the comments the creator of the Aquatica made on the youtube , they did n’t use my source code .
Anyway , I always wanted to see the original flash version of flOw ported to iPhone one day .
However , there are many legal issues with the flOw IP since Sony owns the rights to flOw PS3 .
Though we had many request for doing the port , we did n’t end up pursuing it .
I thought the creation of Aquatica is a very flattering thing because they mimic the game I created in the university and somewhat realized my dream for a flOw game on the iPhone .
It could be a very sweet thing if they did this as a fan ware and put it out for free .
But the fact they did n’t mention flOw at all and call it a ‘ new , unique game completely in a class of its own ’ is disappointing . ”
This what Ketara Software has said in response to angry posts by users on the Youtube video included below :
“ Actually , all the source code is completely , 100 % written from scratch .
Please check your facts before you make such baseless accusations .
Also , what ’s wrong with adapting a general idea of one game to the iPhone ?
No one had done this before , and we wanted to play it with tilt controls .
In general , most games within each class are practically the same , just different graphics . ”
Because Aquatica is currently available for free due to a limited time offer , a price has yet to be finalized by Ketara Software .
It ’s unfortunate that Jenova ’s brilliant work has been blatantly stolen , and hopefully he and Sony can get Aquatica removed from the Apps Store and take legal actions against the company .
If you have any doubts about this situation , check out the Aquatica gameplay footage .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZk3qPDuRfY[/youtube]
[ Source ]
Asperatus clouds over Nîmes , France .
It will now take some time to check that these clouds do not fit into existing categories .
Then the Royal Meteorological Society will take a case to the World Meterological Organisation in Geneva .
“ We have still got some investigation to do , ” said a spokesperson for the RMS .
“ We are a few months away from taking anything to the WMO . ”
Photograph : Trevor Boult
The Savior of the World series
by
J. Preston Eby
Just what do you mean ...
THE LAW OF CIRCULARITY
Will Jesus Torture Billions Forever ?
How Men Are Saved
The Law of Circularity
WILL JESUS TORTURE BILLIONS FOREVER ?
Our Lord Jesus Christ is the Creator and Sustainer of ALL things and ALL people .
He either does or allows everything that is done in heaven or on earth .
If one hundred billion helpless human beings are being tortured , then Jesus is doing it .
Satan has brought suffering and death to the whole human race .
However , if eternal torment IS TRUE , then Jesus Christ will torture forever the whole human race , except the small handful who will be saved .
In one hour , in a hot searing hell , our Lord will inflict more pain and agony on each person than Satan inflicted on that person during his entire life .
If this torture lasts throughout eternity , then each unsaved person will suffer more than all the suffering of all the people that ever lived on earth .
Think of it !
Billions have suffered horrible pain for hours , days , weeks , months , and years , during the time they were alive .
And yet , after they die , EVERY unsaved person will suffer more agony than all the suffering of the whole race PUT TOGETHER from Adam until now .
This is so horrible , so frightful , that it is difficult for our minds to grasp .
Except Satan himself , Pharaoh , Nero , and Hitler were among the most horrible killers of men this world has ever known .
Yet , the doctrine of eternal torture makes Jesus a million times more vicious and vindictive than these three put together .
You see , these brutal murderers killed their victims .
Death brought sweet relief in a moment of time .
However , that Man of Galilee , that Man whom we love , praise , and worship , that Man who taught that we should forgive four hundred and ninety times a day , that Man who told us that we should love our enemies and bless them that curse us , that Man who died for all men , will never , never forgive ANYONE who has rejected Him in this frail life , or , worse yet , who merely failed to believe on Him during this brief time .
Instead of torturing them for a season and then ending their suffering with death , He will torture them through all eternity .
Even the hardest , cruelest , most brutal men cannot torture their fellow men for more than two or three hours without growing weak , faint , and sick ( see Fox Book of Martyrs ) .
However , Christian leaders teach that our Lord will torture
His victims through endless ages .
The Scripture reveals that Christ Jesus is the kindest , the most tender - hearted and merciful Person this world has ever known .
His mercy endures forever , or to all generations of time .
The doctrine of eternal torment pictures
Him to be the most horrible monster , the most beastly , brutal , cruel , vicious Person this world has ever known .
The governments of this world , ruled by unregenerated men , put their rebels in prisons , and the very worst offenders they put to death .
But our Lord Jesus Christ , the Creator and Redeemer of the world , will mercilessly torture those who offend Him to the most hideous and incomprehensible degree .
Surely , this pagan and Romish doctrine of eternal torture does NOT glorify HIM !
One of the theologians of the Church of England ( Jeremy Taylor ) speaks of the fate of the wicked in the following terms : " In hell every sense and organ shall be assailed forever with its own appropriate and most exquisite sufferings .
We are amazed at the inhumanity of Phalaris who roasted men in his brazen bull , but THAT WAS A JOY IN COMPARISON WITH HELL . "
And here is what the renowned evangelist , C. H. Spurgeon , said on the same subject : " There is real fire in hell .
The body shall be suffused with agony ; your head tormented with racking pains ; your eyes starting from their sockets ; your ears tortured with horrid sounds ; your pulse rattling with anguish ; your limbs crackling in the flame ; every vein a pathway for the fire to tread ; every nerve a string on which the devil shall forever play the diabolical tune of hell 's unutterable lament . "
If it were true , it is so awful that it should never be spoken without tears and a broken heart .
How does the mother of a murderer speak of the corning execution of her boy ?
Yet the prospect to her is only one of time , and in the limits of the physical .
If the people believe it , then their attitude about the whole thing reveals that they could care less if the creation burns forever .
The fact is , NO ONE really believes in an eternal burning hell if we are to judge by their actions .
If they saw a person in a burning building , they would put forth every effort to save them ; they would cry and scream for help ; they would be late for work ; they would not rest until the victims were rescued .
Yet , those who teach eternal torment can spend their hours relaxing in front of the television screen , visiting and feasting upon rich dainties with their friends , and whole days in camping , vacationing , fishing , and playing , and then lay their heads upon a pillow every night and sleep soundly , while , according to their own teaching , countless millions are going to a place a million times worse than a burning building !
If they believed what they teach , they would never cease , day and night until they dropped , and others came to take their places , in their efforts to save men from such a place !
They excuse themselves by saying , " All we can do is warn . "
But if they were standing before a burning building would they preach a thirty - minute sermon , then turn and walk away , saying , " All we can do is warn ! "
And how many do they meet day after day , and never mention their danger ?
Ah , precious friend of mine , if my concept of hell were what modern Christendom 's is , then it is my conviction that I would not be able to wait for God to send me to preach the Gospel !
I would have to spend my every wakened hour pleading , working , struggling , fighting to save men from such a fate .
I would be compelled to spend hours upon hours in the chronic wards of hospitals , in rest homes , with the elderly and those working on dangerous jobs , begging men to repent and turn to Jesus before they die .
And I am convinced that anyone with the love of God in his heart would do the same IF HE REALLY BELIEVED the fables that are being taught today about hell .
I will say this , either those who teach eternal torture are EXTREMELY CALLOUSED or they do not believe what they teach !
George Hawtin has so aptly written : " Is it any wonder that in the face of such sadistic humbug there has been a wholesale manufacture of infidels ?
All these statements ( by eternal hell - fire preachers ) may be a show of oratorical eloquence , but they are nothing more .
They hold no part of truth .
They deny every attribute of God .
They make wisdom foolishness , turn eternal love into exasperated hate , make omnipotence helplessness , and make the justice of God the grossest injustice in the universe .
To say that I believe in such repugnance would be a lie of the first order .
I do not believe it because it is contrary to the nature of God .
It is contrary to the love of God .
It is contrary to the justice of God .
It is contrary to the power of God .
It is contrary to the Word of God and it puts God in the ridiculous position of being the almighty King of kings and Lord of lords yet having dominion a vast pocket of hate and resistance that even
He cannot overcome .
Further than this it makes the mighty sacrifice of Christ that was made for all the world to be almost impotent in its power and scope .
Worst of all , it frustrates the purpose of God laid down in the beginning when He said , ' Let us make man in our image and after our likeness . '
Some will immediately ask me whether I do not believe in hell .
My answer is very definite on this point .
I most certainly DO BELIEVE in hell , but the hell of the Bible and the hell of human tradition are not the same thing at all .
The hell of tradition is hopeless and eternal , while the hell of the Scripture like every judgment of God is corrective , remedial , and restorative . " - end quote .
I do not like to differ , even in minor things , from those whom I esteem for their devotion to Christ and their valuable service in the cause of His Kingdom .
But in the immortal words of the great Martin Luther , " Here I stand - I can do no other .
So help me God ! "
Long centuries ago the faithful apostle Peter penned these inspired words , " Who by the power of God are kept through faith unto a salvation ready to be revealed in the last time " ( I Pet. 1:5 ) .
My conviction before God is that the extent of the salvation of Jesus , the Christ , our Lord , is to be known only in the last time .
Jesus Himself said to His disciples , " I have yet many things to say unto you , but you cannot bear them now . "
But
He said when the Holy Spirit should come , He would lead his people step by step - patiently lead them into the way of All Truth ; so that when the last time ( end of the age ) came , the full revelation of that salvation would be made .
I believe that I am writing in the last time .
Writings of this kind do not endear the hearts of many people .
I fear that enemies are made instead .
Every time a truth is spoken , many become offended and many are filled with wrath .
People always astonish me .
It is never possible to know what attitude they will take under any given circumstance .
They will believe and trust you and feed from your table , and for many years , only to become suddenly offended because of some point upon which they disagree , and often become hostile and sometimes even vicious , calling you a heretic and a false prophet , cutting you off from an fellowship and spiritual communication , and warning other saints near and far not to have anything to do with you .
I am also perfectly aware that these profound truths will be misapplied by another class , and some will twist and wrest them to their own destruction in their carnal and wicked endeavor to set aside all repentance of sin and annul all holiness of life , as some men in their zeal to display the grace of God have done , ridiculously living in sin and turning the grace of God into lasciviousness ( Jude 4 ) .
These beautiful truths are not now written to men of corrupt minds who have no desire to walk in the Spirit , but to all who walk in the whole counsel of God , serving God because they love and know Him and not in fear of some dreadful judgment that hangs like a horrible terror before their eyes .
I do not address those who would pervert the right ways of the Lord , using God 's gracious plan and His great mercy as an excuse for careless living or unconcern for lost men , but to those children of the Most High God who , seeing their infinite identity in Christ , are consumed with the holy passion of becoming the very instrument of God to fight the good fight of faith , destroying sin and death and hell , and bringing all men back into the loving embrace of their God and Redeemer .
So be it !
I recognize that there will be some still unanswered questions in some minds , but there is neither time to write nor finances to print a treatise dealing with every small point .
How can we put the ocean of eternal truth into the limited pages of one small book ?
If God will have all men to be saved , and the Scripture is very clear on this point , then there must be a way by which this truth falls into perfect harmony with every other Scripture which seems to teach otherwise .
We do ourselves much injury when we seize upon every Scripture which proclaims the salvation of all men , but carefully avoid all Scripture which speaks of the fearful judgment of the wicked .
Yet even greater harm is done when people insist upon taking the other point of view , as almost the entire Church system has done for centuries , emphasizing only those Scriptures which seem to teach the unending doom of those unfortunate creatures who never once heard that God had a Son and skillfully avoiding every direct statement of Scripture which indicates that God has reconciled all things to Himself , and that every knee shall bow and every tongue shall confess to God of things in heaven and things in earth and under the earth .
There is always a place of harmony if we look for it , and it is not usually difficult to find .
Otherwise we will be forced onto that untenable ground of having to say that the Bible contradicts itself - which , of course , it never does .
Whenever you find two Scriptures that seem to set forth conflicting views , there is always a simple explanation , and , if we will diligently inquire of the Lord , He will give us a definite answer .
Human understanding is almost always prone to seize upon one side of a statement and will cling to that with the grip of death , refusing to even investigate or seek the wisdom of God to harmonize the truth .
Worldly wise men are forever saying that the Bible contradicts itself .
I have never believed that by teaching the ultimate salvation of all men we were pitting one group of Scriptures against another , for it is my conviction that the solution can only be found in the correct HARMONIZATION of all the Scriptures , not ignoring one group while advancing the other .
I believe I speak by the Spirit of God when I assert that the only sensible harmonization of all the Scriptures lies in the fact that Jesus is indeed THE SAVIOUR OF ALL MEN , that He is in very fact THE SAVIOUR OF THE WORLD , and that HE WILL HAVE ALL MEN TO BE SAVED and come to the knowledge of the truth , DRAWING ALL MEN UNTO HIMSELF .
To me this is a most glorious and wonderful fact !
I find all the judgments of God to be correctional and disciplinary rather than vindictive and final .
Therein lies the harmonization of which I speak .
This leaves us free to believe ALL of God 's Word .
It magnifies the cross .
It glorifies God .
It honors the atonement .
It gives meaning to the ministry of the Sons of God.
It gives purpose to the ages yet to come , all planned and arranged beforehand by our wonderful Creator .
Sin , judgment , and death are temporary , all to be dealt with by the mighty power of God invested in His saints .
The entire universe will be reconciled to God through the blood of Christ 's cross .
God will become All - in - All .
Here is a God worthy of your worship and adoration !
Several brethren have written or discussed this subject with me through the years , adamant against the truth I see .
But their arguments are shallow and twisted and their spirits generally harsh against men whom God loves and for whom the Christ died , as though they wanted to make CERTAIN that everybody gets every thing they " deserve . "
Their theology is lopsided , distorted , out of balance , and it will be smashed in the end !
Those who walk in that attitude know but little of the love of Him who is at the same time the JUDGE OF ALL and the SAVIOUR OF ALL .
He is not the Judge of some and the Saviour of some , but both Judge and Saviour of ALL !
If " Judge of ALL " means that He judges all , then " Saviour of ALL " must mean that He saves all , for the Scriptures plainly make both statements .
Within that one fact again can be seen the HARMONIZATION of the justice and the love of God - His judgment leading to repentance and a knowledge of His mercy .
Praise
His wonderful name !
HOW MEN ARE SAVED
It is estimated that about one hundred and sixty billions of human beings have lived on the earth in the six thousand years since Adam departed from Eden .
Of these , the very broadest estimate that could be made with reason would be that less than five billion were saints of God .
This broad estimate would leave the immense aggregate of one hundred and fifty - five billions ( 155,000,000,000 ) who went down into death without faith and hope in the only name given under heaven or among men whereby we must be saved .
Indeed , the vast majority of these never knew or heard of Jesus , and could not believe in Him of whom they had not heard .
What , I ask , has become of this vast multitude , of which figures give a wholly inadequate idea ?
What is , and is to be , their condition ?
Did God make no provision for these , whose condition and circumstances
He must have foreseen ?
Or did He , from the foundation of the world , make a wretched and merciless provision for their hopeless , eternal torment , as many of His children claim ?
To these questions , which every thinking Christian asks himself , and yearns to see answered truthfully , and in harmony with the character of God , comes a variety of answers : -
CALVINISM ANSWERS : God is all - wise ;
He knew the end from the beginning ; and as all His purposes shall be accomplished , He never could have intended to save any but a few , the Church .
These
He elected and fore - ordained to be eternally saved ; all others were equally fore - ordained and elected to be lost - to go to eternal torment ; and they are there now , writhing in indescribable agony , where they will ever remain , without hope .
ARMINIANISM ANSWERS : Yes , God is love ; and in bringing humanity into the world
He meant them no harm - only good .
But Satan succeeded in tempting the first pair , and thus sin entered into the world , and death by sin .
And ever since , God has been doing all He can to deliver man from his enemy , even to the giving of His Son .
And though now , six thousand years after , the Gospel has reached only a very small proportion of mankind , yet we do hope and trust that within six thousand years more , through the energy and liberality of the Church , God will so far have remedied the evil introduced by Satan that all then living may at least know of His love , and have an opportunity to believe and be saved .
We believe that God excuses many of them on account of ignorance .
Those who did the best they knew how will be sure of being a part of the saved , even though they never heard of Jesus .
FUNDAMENTALISM ANSWERS :
Only those who here and now , during the fleeting years of this life , truly repent and receive the Lord Jesus as Saviour are saved .
All others have been and are and shall be eternally lost without retrieve and go to a merciless , hopeless , hell - fire and damnation .
There is one beautiful and undeniable truth in the Word of God .
The Scriptures clearly show that there is only one ground of salvation and that is FAITH IN JESUS CHRIST as our Redeemer and Lord .
" By grace are you saved , through faith " ( Eph. 2:8 ) .
Justification by faith is the underlying principle of the whole system of New Testament revelation .
When asked , " What must I do to be saved ? " the apostles answered , " Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and you shall be saved " ( Acts 16:31 ) .
" There is none other name under heaven given among men whereby we must be saved " ( Acts 4:12 ) .
" Whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved " ( Rom. 10:13 ) .
The apostle Paul warned of those who would depart from the utter simplicity of this truth to preach ANOTHER WAY , and ANOTHER GOSPEL .
" I fear lest by any means , as the serpent beguiled Eve through his subtilty , so your minds should be corrupted from the simplicity that is in Christ .
For if he that comes preaching ANOTHER Jesus , whom we have not preached , or if yea receive ANOTHER Spirit , which yea have not received , or ANOTHER Gospel , which yea have not accepted , yea might well bear with him " ( 11 OCR . 11:3 -4 ) .
ANOTHER JESUS , ANOTHER SPIRIT , ANOTHER GOSPEL - ANOTHER W-A-Y !
Many today who claim to be " Bible believing , " " Evangelical " or " Fundamental " preach ANOTHER GOSPEL and ANOTHER W- A-Y OF SALVATION .
There are some who feel the burden of the awful doctrine of eternal torture which they embrace , and unconsciously their souls revolt at the ghastly conclusions to which it leads .
Such ones have resorted to various makeshifts to escape the inevitable conclusions .
I will mention two or three of these .
It is said that although it is true that the great mass of the race have thus far died in their sins , yet it does not follow that they have been lost ; for if those who are unavoidably ignorant live up to the light they have , they will be saved .
These claim that Paul teaches that IGNORANCE will save men , when he says that " The Gentiles , which have not the law , are a law unto themselves " ( Rom. 2:14 ) .
They gather from this that the law which their conscience furnishes is sufficient to justify them .
But such persons misunderstand Paul .
His argument is that the whole world is guilty before God ( Rom. 3:19 ) ; that the Gentiles , who had not the written law , were condemned , not justified , by the light of conscience , which , whether it excused them or accused them proved that they were unworthy sinners and thus estranged from the life of God , even as Israel who had the written law were condemned by it ; " For by the law is the knowledge of sin " ( Rom. 3:20 ) .
The law given to the Israelite revealed his weakness , and was intended to show him that he was unable to justify himself before God ; for " By the deeds of the law there shall no flesh be justified in His sight . "
The written law condemned the Israelite , and the Gentiles had light enough in their conscience to condemn them ; and thus every mouth is stopped from claiming any inherent life , and all the world stands guilty before God .
Remembering the statement of James ( 2:10 ) , that whosoever shall keep the whole law , except to offend in one point , is guilty of all , and cannot claim any blessing promised by the Law Covenant , we realize that indeed " there is none righteous ; no , not one " ( Rom. 3:10 ) .
And thus the Scriptures close every door of hope save one , showing that not one of the condemned is able to secure eternal life by meritorious works , and that it is equally useless to plead ignorance as a ground of salvation .
Ignorance cannot entitle anyone to the REWARD of faith and obedience !
Salvation by IGNORANCE !
Indeed !
ANOTHER GOSPEL !
ANOTHER WAY !
" For there is none other name under heaven , given among men , whereby we M - U - S - T be saved ! " ( Acts 4:12 ) .
Many Christians , unwilling to believe that so many billions of ignorant heathen will be eternally lost ( which they have been taught means to be sent to a place of eternal and hopeless torment ) , insist , notwithstanding these Bible statements , that God will not condemn the ignorant .
I admire their liberality of heart and their appreciation of God 's goodness , but urge them not to be too hasty about discarding or ignoring the words of Scripture .
God has a blessing for all , IN A BETTER WAY THAN THROUGH IGNORANCE !
But do these erring ones act in accordance with their stated belief ?
NO !
Though they profess to believe that the ignorant will be saved on account of their ignorance , they continue to send missionaries to the heathen at the cost of thousands of valuable lives and untold millions of dollars .
If they all , or even half of them , would be saved through ignorance , it is doing them a positive injury to send missionaries to teach them of Christ ; for only about one in a thousand believes when the missionaries go to them .
If this idea be correct , it would be much better to let them remain in ignorance ; for then a much larger proportion would be saved .
Continuing the same line of argument , might we not reason that if God had left ALL MEN in ignorance , ALL would have been saved ?
If so , the coming and death of Jesus were useless , the preaching and suffering of apostles and saints were vain , and the so - called Gospel , instead of being good news , is very bad news .
Leave the heathen alone in their darkness and ignorance and the majority will be saved by living up to the light they have .
Send them the Gospel and we know from past experience that the majority of them will reject it and be lost .
These conclusions are inevitable .
You cannot escape them while you entertain the notion of the majority of the heathen being saved by living up to the light they have .
Such reasoning is a hideous affront to the atoning sacrifice of Jesus , and a wicked blasphemy against God and His plan of redemption .
ANOTHER GOSPEL !
ANOTHER W-A-Y !
Others , craftily seeking to evade these conclusions , invent the silly myth that in some unexplained way ALL MEN HAVE BEEN DEALT WITH BY GOD .
These conniving souls presume that in some mysterious way God reveals Himself to each and every son of Adam sometime during his life .
Perhaps through the conscience - or one dark night while the heathen is standing under the canopy of the heavens observing the majesty of the star - studded sky - there suddenly comes that burst of inner revelation there is a GOD !
And if , in that instant , we are told , that man will seek after God he will find Him .
To which I answer : - Tommyrot !
Rubbish !
ANOTHER GOSPEL !
ANOTHER W-A-Y !
And those who teach the lie are deceivers .
Why , bless your heart , if God habitually and consistently reveals Himself sovereignly and independently to every man who lives upon this earth , then what need is there to print Bibles , or send missionaries , or intercede in prayer , or preach the Gospel ?
You will have to tear the Bible all to pieces if you teach such nonsense .
It is blasphemy .
The Word of God asks the burning question : " HOW THEN SHALL they call on Him in whom they have not believed ?
and HOW SHALL they believe on Him of whom they HAVE NOT HEARD ? and HOW SHALL they hear WITHOUT A PREACHER ? and HOW SHALL they preach , EXCEPT THEY BE SENT ? " ( Rom. 10 : 14-15 ) .
And these poor deluded souls pretend to answer all these " HOW SHALLS " of Scripture by creating a method by which it CAN BE DONE !
They have invented a system by which men can believe without hearing and hear without a preacher , and under this system no preacher need be sent .
But , I ask , how are the heathen , or any lost men , to be justified by faith by this method since " faith comes BY HEARING and hearing by the Word of God , " and " it pleased God BY THE FOOLISHNESS OF PREACHING to save them that believe " ( Rom. 10 : 17 ; 1 Cor. 1:21 ) .
Nowhere in all the pages of God 's blessed Book does it state that God sometime , somewhere , somehow , reveals himself to every man during his brief life in the flesh .
Show me !
Here is God 's estimation of the condition of the heathen : " Wherefore remember , that you being in time past Gentiles in the flesh , who are called Uncircumcision by that which is called Circumcision in the flesh made by hands ; that at that time you were without Christ , being aliens from the commonwealth of Israel , and strangers from the covenants of promise , having NO HOPE , and without God in the world ... " ( Eph. 2:11 - 12 ) .
If God independently and sovereignly reveals Himself to every man then the " Great Commission " is a monstrous farce and should be torn out of the Bible and deposited on the garbage heap .
No need to " go into ALL THE WORLD and preach the Gospel to EVERY CREATURE " if the Spirit deals with EVERY MAN sometime , somewhere , somehow during his life APART FROM THE MINISTRY OF THE BODY OF CHRIST .
Ah !
The argument is really the great " cop out , " a silly invention of conniving deceivers who are unwilling to face the fact that God would permit billions of men to pass through this life without any chance of salvation , and equally unwilling to concede that God has any plan for the salvation of those billions in the future .
So - in order to consign them an to eternal damnation they concoct this outrageous lie that God really DID give these billions a chance , apart from the preaching of the Gospel of God 's grace in Jesus Christ , that these rejected His dealing , and have of their own free wills been damned .
Such a teaching contradicts the Word of God , making a travesty of the fact that " God has committed unto US the word of reconciliation " and has " given to US the ministry of reconciliation " ( II Cor. 5:18 - 19 ) .
The fundamental flaw in the theory is that even if a heathen looked up at the stars one beautiful night and became deeply impressed that there must be a great God out there somewhere , such understanding in no way reveals to his darkened heart the wonderful truth that this God HAS A SON , that His Son 's name is JESUS , that JESUS DIED FOR HIS SINS , and that ONLY BY FAITH IN JESUS CHRIST CAN A MAN BE SAVED .
I challenge anyone to prove that the vast multitudes of heathen die having REJECTED JESUS CHRIST WHO DIED FOR THEM who was revealed to their hearts by the Holy Spirit apart from the preaching of the Gospel .
How foolish can men be !
Let someone answer - if they can !
Ah , it is but ANOTHER GOSPEL !
ANOTHER W-A-Y !
Another makeshift theory is the theory of salvation by INNOCENCE .
Most Christians today , including the so - called " Fundamentalists " who claim to believe the whole unadulterated Word of God , believe this lie .
They tell us that a baby that dies in infancy , or a small child that dies before reaching the " age of accountability , " whatever that is , is alright , automatically covered by the blood of Jesus - SAVED !
This evidently becomes a SECOND WAY to salvation , since it is apart from FAITH in Jesus Christ .
" Oh , " they glibly recite , " the little child is INNOCENT , and therefore free from the guilt of any sin . "
Is that so !
The Scripture says otherwise .
" Behold , I was shaped in iniquity , and in sin did my mother conceive me " ( Ps. 51:5 ) .
In this verse David was not attempting to prove that his mother was having an adulterous affair at the time of his conception , but states the true inner condition of his own nature from his mother 's womb .
Again , " Wherefore , as by one man sin entered into the world , and death by sin ; and so death passed upon ALL MEN , for that ALL HAVE SINNED " ( Rom. 5:12 ) .
" For ALL have sinned , and come short of the glory of God " ( Rom. 3:23 ) .
" For God has concluded them ALL in unbelief , that He might have mercy upon all " ( Rom. 11:32 ) .
If even one infant is saved without personally believing on the Lord Jesus Christ , then there IS INDEED A-N - O - T - H - E - R W - A-Y !
" He that believes shall be saved " is the unceasing and unalterable testimony of God 's Word .
Some of the basic ingredients in salvation are repentance , faith , and confession .
No infant can do any of these things !
" Ah , " you say , then you believe that all the little babies that have died are burning in hell ! "
What I am saying is what the Bible says , that all men are BORN SINNERS , and that faith in Jesus Christ is the ONLY WAY OF SALVATION .
" As many as RECEIVED HIM , to THEM gave He authority to become the children of God , even to them that BELIEVE on His name " ( Jn. 1 : 12 ) .
The child who dies goes into the loving hands of God who watches over the souls of all men , who is the Saviour of all , and who deals with all out of His heart of infinite love , drawing each in the perfect timing ordained by His wisdom and omniscience .
WE CAN TRUST HIM WITH THE FATE AND DESTINY OF OUR LITTLE ONES , for the Judge of all the earth shall DO RIGHT , but He does not cancel
His redemptive process for any offspring of Adam , all must come the same route , the infant included .
The truth is , we who believe in the faithful dealings of God AFTER DEATH are the only ones who have the answer to the problem of the child that dies in innocence and ignorance of God and salvation .
We are the only ones who correctly harmonize the whole plan of God and the processes of redemption .
The rest contradict their own teaching that all men are born sinners , arguing rather that all men are born saved and afterwards BECOME SINNERS , when , reaching the so - called " age of accountability , " they become guilty before God .
These offer us a SALVATION BY INNOCENCE .
It would be much better to die as infants , if such were the case !
What an act of mercy the wicked old king Herod performed when in Bethlehem he sent thousands of babies into eternal heaven by the swish of the sword !
Why should he be judged for his crime when in fact he saved more people from a life of sin , and sent more souls to heaven in a few days than many preachers are able to show for a lifetime of ministry !
Think of how many hundreds of millions of souls we could secure for heaven and eternal life simply by KILLING ALL THE LITTLE CHILDREN !
Chances are , if we let them live they will live in sin and end in hell .
But , again , how foolish our reasoning !
It would be very profitable to meditate deeply upon these things .
THERE IS BUT ONE WAY FOR ALL , rich and poor , male and female , bond and free , Israelite and Gentile , old and young , and a personal encounter with Jesus Christ most surely IS THAT WAY ... now and forevermore !
THE LAW OF CIRCULARITY
The Bible , which is full of the missionary spirit , does not teach that there are several ways of salvation , one way by faith , another by works , another by ignorance , and another by innocence .
Neither does it teach the God - dishonoring doctrine of fatalism .
While it shows every other door of hope closed against the race , it throws wide open the one , only door , and proclaims that whosoever will may enter into life ; and it shows that all who do not now see or appreciate the blessed privilege of entering shall in due time be brought to a full knowledge and appreciation .
The ONLY WAY , by which any and all of the condemned race may come to God , is not by meritorious works , neither by ignorance , nor by innocence , but by a living faith in the precious blood of Christ , which takes away the sin of the world ( I Pet. 1:19 ; Jn. 1:29 ) .
This is the Gospel , the good tidings of great joy , " which shall be unto all people . "
Suppose we now look at these things just as God tells us of them , and leave the clearing of His character to Himself .
Let us inquire ,
What has become of this one hundred and sixty billions of people who have lived upon this planet ?
Whatever may be their present condition , it can not be their full reward ; for Peter says , " The Lord knows how to reserve the unjust unto the day of judgment to be punished " ( II Pet. 2:9 ) ; and He will do so .
But the thought that so many of our fellow creatures should at any time be lost from lack of having had the knowledge which is necessary to salvation would be sad indeed to all who have a spark of love or compassion .
Then , too , there are numerous Scriptures which it seems impossible to harmonize with all this .
Let us see :
In the light of the past and the present as the only opportunities , laying aside all hope through a restoration in the coming age and ages , how shall we understand the statements , " God is love , " and " God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son , that whosoever believes in Him should not perish " ( I Din. 4:8 ; Din. 3:16 ) ?
Would it not seem that if God truly loved the world so much
He might have made provision , not only that believers might be saved , but that ALL MIGHT HEAR IN ORDER TO BELIEVE ?
Again , when we read , " That was the true light that lights every man that comes into the world " ( Jn. 1:9 ) , our observation says , Not so ; every man has not been enlightened ; we cannot see that our Lord has lighted more than a few of earth 's billions .
Even in this comparatively enlightened day , millions of heathen give no evidence of such enlightenment ; neither do many now living on our street ; neither did the Sodomites , nor multitudes of others in past generations and ages .
We read that Jesus Christ , by the grace of God , tasted death " for every man " ( Heb. 2:9 ) .
But if
He tasted death for the one hundred and sixty billions , and from any cause that sacrifice becomes efficacious to only five billion , was not the redemption comparatively a failure ?
And in that case , is not the apostle 's statement too broad ?
When again we read , " Behold , I bring you good tidings of great joy , which shall be to all people " ( Lk. 2:10 ) , and looking about us , see that it is only to a " little flock " that it has been good tidings , and not to all people , we would be compelled to wonder whether the angels had not over - stated the goodness and breadth of their message , and overrated the importance of the work to be accomplished by the Christ whom they announced .
Another statement is , " There is one God , and one mediator between God and men , the man Christ Jesus , who gave Himself a ransom for all " ( I Tim. 2:5-6 ) .
A ransom for ALL ?
Then why should not all involved have some benefit , from Christ 's death ?
Why should not ALL come to a knowledge of the truth , that they may believe ?
Without the KEY , how dark , how inconsistent these statements appear ; but when we find the KEY to God 's plan , these texts all declare with one voice , " God is love . "
This key is found in the latter part of the text last quoted - " Who gave Himself a ransom for all , TO BE TESTIFIED IN DUE TIME . "
Ah , God has a " due time " for everything !
He could have testified it to these in their past lifetime ; but since
He did not , it proves that their " due time " must be the future .
For those who will be of the Church , the body of Christ , the firstfruits of His redemption , the present is the " due time " to hear and receive ; and whosoever now has an ear to hear , let him hear and heed , and he will be blessed accordingly .
Though Jesus paid our ransom before we were born , it was not our " due time " to hear of it for long years afterward , and only the appreciation of it , quickened by the Holy Spirit , brought responsibility ; and this , only to the extent of our ability and appreciation .
The same principle applies to all : in God 's due time it will be testified to an , and all will then have the glorious opportunity to believe and be blessed by it .
The prevailing opinion is that death ends all opportunity ; but there is no Scripture which so teaches ; and all the above , and many more Scriptures , would be meaningless , or worse , if death ends all hope for the ignorant masses of the world .
Nothing is more evident in the Word of God than the fact that man had his beginning IN GOD .
Every son of Adam , born as he is in trespasses and sins , enters into this world shrouded by the darkness of the carnal mind and imprisoned by the power of the carnal nature .
But it was not always so !
Everything everywhere OUTSIDE OF CHRIST belongs to the realm of death , and because it belongs to the realm of death , it likewise belongs to the realm of darkness .
Before ever man touched this dreadful realm the record states : " In the beginning WAS the Word , and the Word WAS with God , and the Word WAS God .
In Him WAS life ; and the life WAS the light of men " ( Jn. 1:1,4 ) .
W - A-S !
It is a wonderful fact that in Him IS life , and His life IS the fight of every man who believes , but , wonder of wonders , in that long ago beginning Christ WAS THEN THE LIFE and His life WAS THEN THE LIGHT OF MEN .
It was into this realm OUTSIDE OF CHRIST , the realm of OUTER DARKNESS , that Adam was banished when he partook of that strange tree of the knowledge of good and evil .
There he died , as God had warned , and we all died in him .
Thus death passed upon all men , for all have sinned .
Has mankind not fully proved throughout the centuries that he is in truth the son of Adam ?
Which of all God 's commandments have we not broken , justifying ourselves in having done so even as Adam seemed to do .
Oh , sweet mystery of the ages , that a second Adam should stand upon the earth and declare , " The thief comes not , but for to steal , and to kill , and to destroy : I am come THAT THEY MIGHT HAVE LIFE , and that they might have it more abundantly .
For the bread of God is He which comes down from heaven , and gives life unto the world .
I am that bread of life .
If any man eat of this bread , he shall live for ever : the bread that I will give is My flesh , which I will give for the life of the world " ( Jn. 10:10 ; 6:33 , 48,51 ) .
No greater revelation can break upon any man 's consciousness than this simple truth that there is ONLY ONE LIFE in the universe , and that one life is JESUS CHRIST .
May
God make this truth real to your heart !
When a man comes to Christ the life , he comes not only to the life that IS the light of men , but to the same life that in the beginning WAS the fight of men .
What we have received in Christ 's opening again of Paradise is a re-turn , a re-storation , a re-newing , a re-demption , a re- conciliation , a re-surrection .
The prefix " re " means BACK AGAIN , ANEW - and all the words with this prefix speak of something that LEFT ITS PLACE AND HAS NOW MADE ITS CIRCUIT AND COME BACK TO THE POINT OF ITS BEGINNING .
Let me give you now a Scripture that shows the hand of God in this and the extensive scope of both the departure from , and the returning unto , God .
I quote from Ps. 90:1 - 3 . " Lord , You have been our dwelling place in all generations .
Before the mountains were brought forth , or ever
You have formed the earth or the world , even from everlasting to everlasting , You are God. YOU TURN MAN TO DESTRUCTION ; and say RETURN YOU CHILDREN OF MEN . "
You could never read this word " return " here , if you had not first read that man had been " turned " away to destruction .
In this passage the word " destruction " has this meaning in the original : A COMPLETE COLLAPSE , crumbling man to a contrite condition .
Here is the picture :
For the magnificent purpose God had in mind
He made all the provision necessary before the foundation of the world .
He made provision for a Lamb to be slain ( Rev. 13:8 ) .
He made provision for a company of people to be chosen in Christ , to be holy and without blame before Him in love , as a firstfruit of His redemption in the earth ( Eph. 1:45,10 ) .
Then
He brought into Eden a poisonous serpent , a murderer , a MANSLAYER ( Gen. 3 : 1 ) .
Having prepared all this HE THEN BROUGHT MAN INTO THE GARDEN .
Having brought man into the Garden , GOD PUT HIM INTO THE PATHWAY OF A COMPLETE COLLAPSE .
It was GOD who turned man to destruction , set him on this downward course , sent him into outer darkness , and made him subject to vanity .
God our Father has never once blamed man for the fall , but takes the responsibility for it Himself when He says , " For the creation was subjected to frailty - to futility , condemned to frustration - not because of some intentional fault on its part , BUT BY THE WILL OF HIM WHO SO SUBJECTED IT .
YET WITH THE HOPE that creation itself WILL BE SET FREE from its bondage to decay and corruption and gain an entrance into the glorious freedom of God 's children " ( Rom. 8:20 - 21 , Amplified ) .
Man did not volunteer for this time of travail , but the plan of God included this process , so God turned man into this route , this experience , and it will also be the sovereign work of a sovereign God who shall BRING BACK INTO HIMSELF the whole of His creation .
After turning man to destruction
God then says , " RETURN TO ME , children of men . "
In verse four of Psalm ninety , the writer makes the statement that in God 's sight a thousand years is as a day when it is passed .
But in verse thirteen the Psalmist exclaims , " Return , O LORD , HOW LONG ? "
In the beginning of the Psalm the writer is joyful in the knowledge that though the Lord has turned man to destruction , yet God has also given the command to return , and what if it does take a thousand years or more , it is but a day in God 's sight .
But by the time the writer reaches the position of the thirteenth verse , he begins to cry out , saying , " O Lord , HOW LONG is all this going to take ?
HOW LONG before our full return to You ? "
A thousand years had become an unbearably long time .
Surely this is the cry from the hearts of men today !
This is the crying , groaning , and travailing we find the creation passing through in the eighth chapter of Romans , waiting for the manifestation of the Sons of God .
There was a day when Paul , standing in the center of the Areopagus ( Mars Hill Auditorium ) declared to the philosophers of Athens , " The God who produced and formed the world and all things in it , made from one common origin , one source all nations of men to settle on the face of the earth , having definitely determined their allotted periods of time and the fixed boundaries of their habitation - their settlements , lands , abodes ; SO THAT THEY SHOULD SEEK GOD , IN THE HOPE THAT THEY MIGHT FEEL AFTER HIM AND FIND HIM , although He is not far from each one of us .
For in Him we live and move and have our being ; as even some of your own poets have said , FOR WE ARE ALSO HIS OFFSPRING " ( Acts 17:24 - 28 , Amplified ) .
Oh , yes ,
He turned us to destruction , but planted deep in the subconsciousness of every man the SECRET COMMAND to RETURN , which is revealed in that inner desire , yearning , craving , seeking , feeling , compulsion which is never satisfied until man does find himself home in God once more .
All the religiousness of men , from the witch doctor in the jungle to the modernist in the pulpit in America , is the manifestation of this FEELING AFTER GOD , IF HAPLY THEY MIGHT FIND HIM .
While mankind in general is still lost in the hellish darkness of sin and death , yet there is a firstfruit company whose hearts have been charged by the inward call to return , and with the Shulamite maiden in the Song of Solomon share this blessed experience : " By night on my bed I sought Him whom my soul loves ; I sought Him , but I found Him not .
I will arise now , and go about the city in the streets , and in the broadways I will seek Him whom my soul loves : I sought Him but I found Him not .
The watchmen that go about the city found me : to whom I said , Saw Him whom my soul loves ?
It was but a little that I passed from them , but I FOUND HIM WHOM MY SOUL LOVES AND WOULD NOT LET HIM GO " ( S. of S. 3:1 - 4 ) .
As the Spirit has witnessed through the prophet , " And yea shall seek Me , and find Me , when yea shall search for Me with all your heart " ( Jeer. 29:13 ) .
Mankind is yet groping about in the dense darkness of the carnal mind , knowing not that HE is standing right there in the shadows , were their eyes opened to see .
Yet He has appointed a day - Oh glorious day !
- when
His light shall shine forth and the plan shall be completed as the apostle says , " For God has allowed us to know the secret of His plan , and it is this :
He purposed long ago in His sovereign will that all human history should be consummated in Christ , that everything that exists in Heaven or earth should find its perfection and fulfillment in Him .
In Christ we have been given an inheritance , since we were destined for this , by the One who works out all His purposes according to the design of His own will " ( Eph. 1:9- 11 , Phillips ) .
The very laws of physics and mathematics establish with indisputable certainty the absolute inevitability of the creation 's return back to God .
Psalm nineteen was long a source of amusement to Bible critics .
In speaking of the sun , the Psalmist says : " His going forth is from the end of the heaven , and his circuit unto the ends of it : and there is nothing hid from the heat there of ' ( Ps. 19:6 ) .
It was claimed that the writer of this verse , obviously believed in the ancient notion of the sun 's revolving about the earth .
This charge is most unjust , since we still use words and phrases of the same sort , simply because from our natural viewpoint the sun does rise in the morning , move across the sky , and set in the evening .
The whole science of nautical and engineering astronomy is based on the assumption , made purely for convenience , that the earth is the center of a great celestial sphere , moving along the surface of which in ordered paths are the sun , moon , planets and stars .
And as far as any practical usage is concerned , this is so .
On this assumption , courses can be plotted , positions determined , and scores of other applications made .
But the words of the Psalmist have a deeper , more scientific meaning than that .
It is now concluded by the leading astronomers that the sun , with the entire solar system , actually does move through space at the tremendous speed of 600,000 miles per hour in such a gigantic orbit that it requires over two million centuries to complete it , but complete it it shall , returning again and again , as the ages roll onward , to the point of its beginning .
Furthermore , it is believed that our galaxy is also moving with respect to other galaxies .
The sun 's circuit IS from one end of the heavens to the other !
Who can accuse the Holy Spirit of ignorance of modern astronomy ?
The entire universe is an infinite sphere and each galaxies solar system , star and planet within it moves continuously and harmoniously in circular motion ; thus , all worlds and suns have circles for their pathway .
This principle has been referred to by scientists as the " law of circularity . "
Science is beginning to tell us that in the highest development of physics and mathematics the old theory of straight lines of infinite length has to be changed and modified to satisfy all the data of electro - dynamics , light , and some of the new electrical phenomena .
There is no such thing in the universe as an absolutely straight line of infinite length .
All straight lines will be found to be portions of immense circles .
This law of circularity runs through all nature .
If you were to leave planet earth traveling steadily in one direction , the day would surely come , be it in some distant age millions or billions of years hence , when you would arrive back at the precise point of departure , having completed the circuit - home again !
Someone has said ( a scientist ) that if we were to build a telescope that could see into infinity , we would one day be looking at the back of our heads !
This great law of circularity by which all things in God 's creation are seen to RETURN to the place of their BEGINNING , in its spiritual significance , is expressed in Rom .
11:36 : " For FROM HIM and THROUGH HIM and TO HIM are all things - for all things originate with Him and come from Him ; all things live through Him , and all things center in and tend to CONSUMMATE AND TO END IN HIM .
To Him be glory forever !
Amen " ( Amplified ) .
All manifestations of nature discernible to the senses confirm this law of circularity .
" The sun also arises , and the sun goes down , and hastes to its place where he arose .
The wind goes toward the south , and turns about unto the north ; it whirls about continually , and the wind returns again according to his circuits .
All the rivers run i into the sea ; yet the sea is not full ; unto the place from whence the rivers come , thither they return again " ( Eccl. 1:5-7 ) .
Today , scientists tell us that there is just so much water in the earth .
There has always been that amount and there always will be .
We should understand that neither water , nor anything else , can be destroyed .
Its form can be changed , but it eventually will return to its original form .
The writer of Ecclesiastes tells us that water is taken from the oceans in the form of moisture by the sun .
Then the winds in their circuits carry that moisture as clouds over the land .
There through certain actions of cold and heat , according to the laws of God , that moisture falls to the earth in the form of rain or snow or hail .
Creeks and rivers are formed that carry this water back into the oceans , thus completing the circuit or cycle .
Water may be frozen , but under the right condition it will return to water .
It may be heated and converted into steam , but the steam will eventually condense , becoming water again .
Water sinking into the ground is either evaporated , or taken up by plants and evaporated , or perhaps finds its way to underground streams .
In any event it eventually finds its way back to the sea , and the circuit continues on , unseen , unheard , almost unknown , but it is by the law of God .
Ray Prinzing has written , " We have known what it is to take the downward journey , picking up the debris of the flesh and self , until we come to the bottom , a filthy pool .
But there is another river , much more invisible , spiritualized , we might say , and that is the one which forms by the DRAWING OF THE SON , lifting us up out of the ' dead sea ' and raising us again into the heavenlies , to bring us back to the height of the mount of God .
Of this glorious river we read , ' There is a river , the streams whereof shall make glad the city of God ' ( Ps. 46:4 ) .
Some are still on the low road , taking the downward path in self , sin , wayward rebellion .
And some , praise God , are already being irresistibly drawn upward , to take that HIGH WAY back to Father 's house .
" What is true in the cycles of our own life , is also true concerning God 's dealings with His whole creation .
That which was turned away from Him , to run an erratic and wild course of self - will , shall eventually come meekly and submissively back to its Source , our Creator .
Thus we need this perspective , to view from the vantage point of God 's great purpose to BECOME ALL IN ALL , for without this purpose there would be no rhyme nor reason to any unfolding event .
We often say that the ' way UP is DOWN , ' bit to always have to go down , without a way up , would bring forth a hopeless frustration that would surely end in defeat .
But , in God 's law of circularity , there is a place in our going down process , God knows when and where , we come to a curve and begin that upward way " -- end quote .
We read in Isa .
40:22 , " God sits upon the circle of the earth . "
While the word for " circle " in the Hebrew denotes the sphericity of the earth , it may also indicate the cycles of nature .
These cycles are the continual goings and comings of the seasons , days , months , years , etc. , which were ordained of God in the beginning .
Everything in nature moves in cycles : winter and summer , seedtime and harvest ; generation after generation , all show the might and wisdom of God .
Even electricity must have a circuit .
A battery has a positive and a negative to complete the circuit .
SO IT IS WITH GOD IS WORK .
In the spiritual realm God is the positive , and Satan is the negative .
It is therefore reasonable to conclude that man , the highest of God 's creation , came out of God , was then lowered into the world of vanity , darkness , and death , but will return to God , thus completing the cycle , not in part , but in full .
Even Jesus came out of God , and descended into the depths of man 's fall , then arose and returned to God .
The King James version of Rom. 11:36 begins , " For of Him ... "
This word " of " comes from the Greek word " ek " literally meaning OUT OF .
This clearly places God as the one Source of all things , and hence the Amplified 's beautiful rendering , " For all things originate with Him and come from Him . "
Col. 1 : 16 says , " For it was IN HIM that all things were created , in heaven and on earth , things seen and things unseen , whether thrones , dominions , rulers or authorities " ( Amplified ) .
The law of circularity requires that EVEN AS ALL THINGS BEGAN IN CHRIST , ALL SHALL END IN CHRIST .
" I am ALPHA and OMEGA , the beginning and the end , the first and the last , " says the Lord ( Rev. 22:13 ) .
Only the glorious mind of Christ can reveal to our hearts what that means !
Through a glass darkly I can see that He was the FIRST - " before all things . "
Can I also believe that HE IS THE LAST ?
If He is the BEGINNING , can my feeble mind dare to comprehend what it signifies when He says that He is also the END ?
All that existed IN CHRIST before the ages began , shall RETURN INTO HIM AGAIN that He may be the FIRST and the LAST , the BEGINNING and the END .
All that came out of Him , lowered into the realm of the negative , completes its circuit and returns once more to its former estate - IN GOD !
The first Adam had power to take ALL with him into death , without their knowledge , or consent : therefore , the second Adam , the Lord from heaven , gathers up the same number in His redemptive work and man who came out of God shall return , that the circle may be unbroken .
To quote Ray Prinzing once more : " When we understand the glorious truth that our God is both the Alpha and Omega , the Beginning and the Ending , then we realize that no matter how vast the cycle and circuit , the end is secure , for all things return unto Him again .
To read only a portion of God 's Word , the facts are too few to rightly calculate the CURVE of God 's plan .
And while HE does , gloriously , illumine a specific verse or sentence to speak to our hearts for that day , we also need the full sweep of the Book to gain an overall view of His purpose , and then understand the tremendous victory which is ours in Christ " -- end quote .
Long milleniums ago Adam was banished from the Paradise of God and its life - giving tree .
But God has provided a way by which His banished may return !
Some glad morning , when the unfolding plan of God is complete , all who once stood " in Adam " in the Garden will again be gathered together and their eyes will behold with endless joy that heaven blest Eden in which walked Adam , the son of God .
But even now there is a remnant , the election of grace , the firstfruits of His redemption WHO IN SPIRIT HAVE ENTERED THOSE ONCE - CLOSED PORTALS AND HAVE PARTAKEN OF THE FRUIT OF THE TREE OF LIFE !
In the power of the Christ , the last Adam , though the firstfruits of Christ 's redemption still move about in a world which is under the curse , where the traces of sin are visible on all hands , these have found their way , by faith , to the bosom of the Father , and are NOW AT HOME AGAIN IN GOD !
The mighty transformation that has come and is coming to our lives shall be experienced ultimately by ALL MEN , God 's own law of circularity secures it , and none can resist it , praise His glorious name !
Classic Anita Dark
Anita Dark is one of the most popular models in the glamour and nude modeling industry .
Here ’s a classic photo from her Bullz - Eye.com Featured Model shoot from 2004 where she shows off her famous boobs and cleavage .
Anita got her start in the adult industry in her native Hungary , and she got her name due to the fact that she had dark hair when she started , and opposed to the blonde hair that she sports now .
Early in her career she reportedly had breast reduction surgery to go from D - cup to a C - cup and to reduce the size of her areolae .
We recently discovered an early casting session where Anita strips down for Pierre Woodman and shows off her amazing natural body and her beautiful boobs before the surgery , sporting her big areolae .
Great stuff !
Check it out at Woodman Casting X , along with other amazing casting sessions with famous porn stars and amateurs who never went further in the business .
Frame Photo Editor - Easily Edit & Decorate Your Photos , Make Your Pictures Unique
Frame Photo Editor edit & decorate your photos for you with a few mouse click .
With it , you can easily blend your digital photo onto another picture or photo .
Apply artistic effects to your photos with Framing & Edging effects .
You can also add flowers , cartoon pictures onto your pictures with it .
Titles and captions are just as easy to add .
Download to Free Try !
Version 3.0.2
Decorate photos YOUR way , but do it all for you
Are you looking for a photo editor that would let you do the work YOUR way , but do it all for you ?
Frame Photo Editor is the answer .
No need to know a lot about digital photography and computer graphics to understand Frame Photo Editor .
With it , you could make your photos beyond impressive easily .
With , you could decorate pictures and edit photos like a pro !
Makes your photo unique
With a few mouse clicks , you can generate an attractive picture with Frame Photo Editor .
It provides a lot of items you could use in your pictures , such as flowers , cartoon pictures , frames .
And we 'll provide more in the future .
Buy Full Version Now !
Only $ 29.95 USD
Overview
Frame Photo Editor is an easy to use photo editing software .
You can add cool frames to your photos very quickly and easily .
Resize , rotate , adjust color and add text to your pictures .
Then you can mail to your friends or set as your desktop wallpaper .
So , it can also enhance your desktop .
Frame Photo editor makes you working with your digital photos as easy as possible !
With Frame Photo Editor , you can easily enhance your photo effects by blending your digital photos onto another image .
The photo will be masked as special effect which you can select from a lot of masks that Frame Photo Editor provides .
You can also easily add cool frame , pretty flowers and cartoon clips onto your pictures .
And you can insert text into pictures with speech frame .
It makes your photo more interesting and attractive .
You can easily change the size and position of the photos , flowers , cartoon pictures or text just by clicking and dragging them .
You can even rotate the mask or the photo just with your mouse moving .
After having edited pictures with Frame Photo Editor , you can print them , email them , or set as your Desktop Wallpaper .
You may also upload onto website , your album on Internet etc .
It 's also a photo album page maker .
Download to Free Try !
Version 3.0.2
Requirements
Frame Photo Editor needs the following basic requirements :
> Windows XP or later version
> 700 MHz processor
> 256 megabytes ( MB ) or higher of RAM
> 1GB of available hard - disk space or higher
> For mail output , a 32 - bit MAPI mail client
> XGA ( 1024x768 ) or higher resolution monitor
Buy Full Version Now !
Only $ 29.95 USD
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Insurance giant AIG has reported a loss of $ 61.7 bn ( £ 43 bn ) in the final three months of 2008 - the largest quarterly loss in corporate history .
And the firm will receive an extra $ 30bn from the US government as part of a revamped rescue package .
AIG has already received $ 150bn in financial support - the biggest bail - out by far of any US company .
Stock markets slid sharply as AIG 's plight underscored fears about the health of the global financial system .
The Federal Reserve and the Treasury said that AIG posed a " systemic risk " to the global financial system .
" The potential cost to the economy and the taxpayer of government inaction would be extremely high , " they said .
BAIL - OUTS RECEIVED AIG - $ 180 bn Bank of America - $ 45 bn Citigroup - $ 50bn JP Morgan Chase - $ 25 bn Wells Fargo - $ 25 bn Goldman Sachs - $ 10 bn Morgan Stanley - $ 10 bn State Street - $ 3bn Bank of New York Mellon - $ 3bn " The additional resources will help stabilise the company , and in doing so help to stabilise the financial system . "
As well as insuring households , AIG plays a key role in insuring risk for financial institutions around the world .
The news of AIG 's historic loss comes as HSBC , Europe 's biggest bank , seeks to raise £ 12.5 bn ( $ 17.7bn ) to strengthen its finances following a 62 % fall in annual profit .
Revamp
The revamped rescue package also involves a restructuring of AIG 's operations .
It calls for the Federal Reserve to take stakes in two of AIG 's international units in exchange for reducing AIG 's debt .
The new measures will also effectively cut the interest payments the insurer must pay to the Federal Reserve .
The AIG financial support is about three times greater than that given to Citigroup , which has received $ 50bn , and Bank of America , which has received $ 45 bn .
AIG chief executive , Ed Liddy told the BBC that the loss , while hefty , could be explained .
" Asset values on a worldwide basis are going down .
When we record those declines , they go through our P&L [ profit and loss account ] - that 's about half of our loss , " he said .
" Second , when you 're going through a restructuring of a company , it calls into question things like good - will and deferred tax assets ...
We 've written down the value of some of those .
That 's primarily what constitutes that $ 62bn .
" If you look past that - admittedly that 's a big ask - the basic insurance operations of AIG remain rock solid . "
Fear of failure AIG : QUICK FACTS 30 million US policy holders Operates in 130 countries Provides insurance to 100,000 companies and other entities US officials fear that a failure of AIG would be disastrous for both the US and the global economy .
Credit rating agencies , such as Moody's , Fitch and Standard & Poor 's , had been poised to cut AIG 's credit ratings as a result of the record loss .
That could have forced AIG to default on its debt , which would have had a knock - on effect on all of AIG 's businesses .
AIG provides insurance protection to individuals , small firms , municipalities , personal pension plans and major US listed companies .
It also insures major financial institutions against complex deals going wrong through derivative contracts such as credit default swaps - the main cause of its problems .
HAVE YOUR SAY Corporations have failed to build value into their firms , taxpayers should n't be paying for bad paper .
J. Jarvis , Salem , US
The company first received financial assistance from the state in September in the wake of Lehman Brother 's collapse .
In the UK , AIG is best known as a sponsor of Manchester United , but the deal is due to come to an end .
It also underwrites insurance sold by a number of High Street names including Boots and Argos .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Tip : Convert Your Existing Toilet into a Dual - Flush System
If you are concerned about how much water you might be wasting in in your toilet , then you need to think about how much water you need ( versus how much water your toilet actually uses ) every time you use the flush .
EPA WaterSense certified toilets are an obvious choice in sustainability .
The most commonly found water - efficient toilets are by far those using dual - flush technology ( examples here ) .
By providing exactly the right amount of water based on the need to flush down either solid or liquid waste , a dual flush toilet system naturally results in a tremendous water conservation .
However , replacing your system completely can prove to be expensive in some cases , so another option to consider is converting your existing toilet with a dual - flush converter kit .
For example , SelectAFlush is a dual flush toilet kit and a water conservation device for standard toilets .
The kit enables you to convert your toilet into a dual flush system enhancing the performance of your current toilet for a fraction of the price of new dual flush toilet .
The average U.S. family of three can save 21 gallons of water a day , or more than 7,000 gallons of water a year with SelectAFlush .
With a present US population of 300 million people , if dual - flush water - conserving toilet valves were installed on every home toilet , the U.S. could potentially save a minimum of 700 billion gallons of water annually , enough to fill more than a million Olympic - size swimming pools .
It ’s staggering to think of what that kind of savings could mean not only for the US , but for drought ridden economies around the world .
Please follow and like us :
Related
Beyond Fossil Fuels : Energy Leaders Weigh In
A survey of executives at companies engaged in energy alternatives to fossil fuels reveals some of the challenges facing the industry
First it was the UK , then Australia :
Over the past year , ONI has witnessed consideration of filtering schemes by several Western countries , as well as the leaking of " secret block lists " for a few others ( such as Norway and Denmark ) .
The latest country to consider a nationwide policy is Germany ; in April of 2009 , its coalition government drafted a bill aimed at cracking down on child pornography by method of a DNS block list .
The bill received significant opposition from the German public , with a record 130,000 citizens signing the largest official e-petition in German history .
Online protesters , using the hashtag # zensursula ( a portmanteau of of the German word " zensur " meaning censor and the name of the Minister for Family Affairs , Ursula von der Leyen ) , managed to penetrate social network Twitter , making such statements as " ein politikerkopf darf kein luftleerer raum sein " ( a politician 's head must not be a vaccuum ) and offering support for Germany 's Pirate Party .
Despite the protests , however , on June 18 , Parliament passed the legislation , by a vote of 389 to 146 , effectively introducing a nationwide filtering policy in Germany .
Although the legislation allows for ISPs only to filter Web sites allegedly containing child abuse material , opposition parties and activists in Germany have warned that the architecture of the system could allow for filtering of other content in the future without due process .
In addition to the concern that filtering creates a slippery slope for online freedoms , another worry is that filtering child pornography does little to stop its proliferation .
According to Yaman Akdeniz , the director of British Cyber - rights and Cyber- liberties organization and leading CyberLaw blogger , blocking is only a temporary solution .
Speaking to Deutsche Welle , Akdeniz said : " In a sense , blocking access to these Web sites does not necessarily make the problem go away .
We just push it off our computer screens - whether in Germany or the United Kingdom or any other country - but that does n't necessarily mean the serious problem of sexual exploitation of children and child pornography disappear from the Internet . "
Akdeniz is not the only one .
Following the 2008 agreement of three New York state ISPs to block child pornography , Mike Masnick of the popular TechDirt blog said : " Taking a stand against child porn would be hunting down those responsible for the child porn and making sure that they 're dealt with appropriately .
Blocking access to some websites does n't solve the problem .
Those who still produce and make use of child porn will still get it from other sources -- but it will be more underground , making it more difficult for authorities to track down . "
Although the legislation has passed , activists continue to protest it , with one lawmaker of the Social Democrats quitting over his party 's support of the bill .
German " Net politics " activist Simon Columbus has the last word : " While the Social Democrats have succeeded in severely changing the bill , they forgot about one thing :
The censorship infrastructure itself is the problem .
Regardless of any barriers to ban misuse of the law , this infrastructure is a threat to civil liberty and its implementation is a breach of democratic values .
We cannot allow ourselves to think in the categories of " more " and " less " damaging censorship .
If so , we will continue to experience that civil liberties are eradicated step - by - step - the censorship law is only one of many . "
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
04/13/2009
Video :
Let the Domino 's appall as they may
by Jeremy Hooper
We of course never want to see anyone fired because they are gay .
We do , however , fully support gays being fired if / when they do this :
At one time it was founder and former owner Tom Monaghan 's socially conservative ( read : anti-gay ) work that served as the primary reason why gays might want to avoid this place .
But ya know , nose - cheese and sneeze - lami have just replaced politics as modern reasons why one might instead choose Papa John's !
*** OH SO MUCH MORE :
** UPDATE : From Domino 's corporate :
Thank you for bringing these to our attention .
I do n’t have the words to say how repulsed I am by this – other than to say that these two individuals do not represent that 125,000 people in 60 countries who work hard every day to make good food and provide great customer service .
I ’ve turned this over to our security department .
We will find them .
There are far too many clues that will allow us to determine their location quite easily .
Regards ,
Tim McIntyre
Vice President , Communications
Domino's Pizza , LLC
***
* Note : We should say that we fully understand that this is not a representative incident that speaks to the company 's usual operations .
But that out of the way , we should also say : FRICKIN ' GROSS , MAN !
** UPDATE , 4/14 : More from corporate :
Hi , Jeremy .
We just got off the phone with the franchise owner , who was absolutely dumbfounded by this .
He has told us that he will be terminating their employment effective immediately .
We suggested that he call them and get a written statement from them , asking them to “ explain ” ( to the extent anyone can , really ) their actions .
We are also seeking legal counsel to see what kind of action we can take against them for damage to the brand .
You are welcome to use anything I ’ve sent to you in the past 24 hours .
I do want to thank you for bringing this to our attention …
I just wish it had n’t been posted so prominently on your web site … while it was certainly fair game , it does hurt the company and the thousands of people we employ in this country whether it ’s intended or not .
Regards ,
Tim
Tim McIntyre
Vice President , Communications
Domino's Pizza , LLC
We respond :
Hey Tim :
Do n't shoot the messenger , buddy !
* Note : Mr. Mcintyre has clarified , saying that he did n't mean to blame this site for posting the vids .
He just meant to say that he wishes , in theory , that they had never come to light since they can lead folks to make unfair , blanket judgement of the company .
And we actually agree with him on that point -- it is unfair for anyone to parlay this one incident into a sweeping attack against the chain as a whole .
** UPDATE , 4/15 : Wow , this thing got big : Health officials inspect Conover Domino's [ WCNC ]
** UPDATE , 4/16 : Domino 's takes to the same video site that screwed them :
Please think of cheesy bread , not snot [ G - A - Y ]
Your thoughts
I hope the Magic of Teh Internet has gotten this loser thoroughly fired by now .
Posted by : H | Apr 13 , 2009 3:28:55 PM
There are n't enough words to express my revulsion .
Not only for the product they 're sending out , but for the people who perpetrated this .
Firing is n't enough ... the employer should SUE their nasty asses off .
Posted by : Taylor | Apr 13 , 2009 3:30:11 PM
H : The videos just went up at 11 AM .
By the time this thing builds to its predicted climax , I certainly think Domino 's will take notice .
And I have backup copies , just in case it gets pulled from YT .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Apr 13 , 2009 3:32:44 PM
I just sent an email to Dominos ' corporate office with links to the videos .
I hope these idiots get fired .
Posted by : f-bomb | Apr 13 , 2009 3:54:52 PM
Domino's Pizza is gross anyway - but these video are nasty .
WTF is wrong with some people !
Posted by : Alonzo | Apr 13 , 2009 4:00:49 PM
the asstastic one looks removed already ?
Posted by : killlianstews | Apr 13 , 2009 4:27:12 PM
Is this part of Westboro Baptist 's new menu ?
Posted by : Bonnie_Half - Elven | Apr 13 , 2009 4:44:01 PM
The wingnuts claim that this behavior resulted from his homosexuality starts in 3 ... , 2 ... , 1 ...
Posted by : Dale | Apr 13 , 2009 4:49:35 PM
This behaviour resulted from his homosexuality .
Posted by : The wingnuts | Apr 13 , 2009 5:17:47 PM
HE'S GAY - THATS WHY HE DONE DAT !
Posted by : Bob | Apr 13 , 2009 5:39:17 PM
he 'll be fired by EOD .
the employees made a mistake of revealing what store they work in by showing the computer screens .
idiots .
Posted by : pizza slinger | Apr 13 , 2009 5:52:42 PM
Bob >
Thats tantamount to saying that you 're a dumbass negro behaus yousa spek with ebonics .
Dat fo sur mofo
bend over bob
Posted by : rofo | Apr 13 , 2009 6:42:56 PM
And they were n't wearing gloves during any of this , either !
The more you know about food prep , the more you want to eat at home .
Posted by : tjc | Apr 13 , 2009 7:20:26 PM
Domino's is running a free extra toppings deal !
Posted by : Rick | Apr 13 , 2009 7:35:32 PM
Wow , I used to like dominos pizza ..... I only ordered pizzas maybe 2 - 3 a year for special occasions at several pizzas an order .
The main thing that I was awesome was the dough , it didnt taste bland .... and dominos leftover pizza is basically the best you can get ..... I do tip 10 % ....
Now .... that I may be eating someone 's turds and boogers ..... makes me want to retch .... I guess thats what Digiorno is for ... in this recession ....
A public ousting of these employees where it is on ever newspaper and being charged with food tampering .... may save the company some face , but I know I wont purchasing that again .... even if they have a free giveaway .... I do n't think anybody wants to eat turd and boogers .... even if its free ....
Posted by : jmndos | Apr 13 , 2009 8:05:06 PM
This is what happens when the employee 's salary is less than half the price of the product you are serving .
Who cares if you get fired from this stupid job , or any minimum wage job .
It is to be noted that this video pales in comparison to many other " pranks " perpetrated by today 's bored and poor wage slaves .
Posted by : Shaze | Apr 13 , 2009 8:41:13 PM
Um , corporate can say what it will .
But I have met at least five Dominoes employees over the years who have told me stories of peeing on pizzas when people were rude on the phone .
Posted by : Rachel | Apr 13 , 2009 8:50:58 PM
If that is for real they deserve to go to jail for deliberately contaminating food .
Can anyone actually be that stupid to do something like that and then post it on youtube ?
This is why I think it might be a hoax .
Posted by : Ben | Apr 13 , 2009 9:08:39 PM
" This is why I think it might be a hoax . "
But how ?
It 's a verifiable Domino 's kitchen , with Domino 's uniforms , Domino 's products , etc .
And corporate , while appropriately appalled , seems confident that it 's real .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Apr 13 , 2009 9:26:17 PM
This is why I do n't eat domonies , they support israel .
Not SURPRISED AT ALL - HarryB^ Brooklyn ny
Posted by : HarryB | Apr 13 , 2009 9:51:28 PM
5 v 5 east source ringer for hire PM ME
Posted by : HarryB | Apr 13 , 2009 9:52:10 PM
WTF , you deleted my post you queer jew .
Posted by : HarryB | Apr 13 , 2009 9:56:21 PM
The people at consumerist have identified the Dominoes in question as the one located at : 509 10th St NW , Conover NC
Posted by : Jonathan | Apr 13 , 2009 10:05:58 PM
Oh great , now we have Nazi trolls .
Posted by : Attmay | Apr 13 , 2009 10:24:23 PM
So where does shaze work ?
That he thinks a job only creates a low wage slave ???
No in todays US .
Posted by : LOrionL | Apr 13 , 2009 11:02:42 PM
I 'm one of the guys who figured out where the restaurant was ..
Tim McIntyre 's been notified ..
He sent the info over to their Chief of Security .
WBTV in Charlotte has been notified as well .
The restaurant itself was called by one of the folks over on consumerist , and advised ..
We 'll see what happens .
Posted by : whyerhead | Apr 14 , 2009 12:46:27 AM
I know both of these people and of the videos .
This was a PRANK .
A very bad prank and extremely bad error in judgement .
Cristie was only filming and had no idea of what Michael was going to do .
He was just being silly .
Even though it was in very bad taste they should not have done it .
It would not have been posted to public websites had it been real .
At NO time was any food or any food preparation area contaminated .
NO food was ever sent out to any customers .
Posted by : Becky | Apr 14 , 2009 12:56:44 AM
It is to be noted that this video pales in comparison to many other " pranks " perpetrated by today 's bored and poor wage slaves .
It was all a prank Im sure !
Who would put something REAL like that on you tube ?
Come on guys and plus you can tell it was a fake sneeze when he sneezed on the cheesesticks and who do we know for sure that that food was sent out ?
I bet they just wanted to make themselves famous like the burgerking guy who got fired for taking a bath in the sink !
Posted by : janet | Apr 14 , 2009 1:00:48 AM
Not that they need any more proof , but ...
http://img22.imageshack.us/img22/2269/45756137.jpg
Posted by : BUMBLB3 | Apr 14 , 2009 1:17:19 AM
Screw Dominos .
Money paid goes to a religious zealot who is using your money to create a Catholic town / Cult .
Domino 's Pizza founder wants to build new town with ' Catholic values '
http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/11499702/
Posted by : Tim Anderson | Apr 14 , 2009 2:02:20 AM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Liam Brockey , currently assistant professor of history at Princeton University , will become an associate professor of history at Michigan State in the fall .
He is the editor of Portuguese Colonial Cities in the Early Modern World ( Ashgate : 2008 ) .
As a troupe of wise men once said , nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition .
Regrettably , that is no longer the case .
The recent flood tide of commentary about the so - called Torture Memos has brought on a torrent of comparisons to the Inquisition , a church court that operated from the late fifteenth until the early nineteenth century with varying degrees of activity .
Seeking to offer valid comparisons with the horrors of the past , journalists and other commentators have conjured the ghost of the “ Spanish Inquisition ” as a standard for despotic depravity .
The invocation of this ecclesiastical tribunal is typically followed by fleeting references to the more notorious governments of the twentieth century .
While the terror provoked by the Inquisition over the three centuries of its existence is beyond dispute , the Holy Office ( as it was known to contemporaries ) is surely out of its league in this company .
Indeed , its popular reputation and its presence in current debates owe more to the gothic imagination of the nineteenth century than to the study of its history .
The use of comparisons that are inappropriate because they ignore the historical specificity of any past institution or event does a great disservice to our political culture .
The appeal made by mentioning the Inquisition is based on caricature rather than fact , and its inaccuracy cheapens the debate .
The popular image of the Inquisition — despite the best efforts of Mel Brooks and Monty Python — is no laughing matter .
It is the legacy of a distinct political climate which combined shades of anti-Catholic and anti-Spanish sentiment to justify the presumably more enlightened political and religious attitudes of the French , English , and Americans .
Central to that vision of the Inquisition was the question of torture , a barbaric practice that the new progressive regimes in those lands would , of course , never countenance — regardless of their own histories of witch hunts and anti-Semitism .
Other hallmarks of the Inquisition , such as its absolute secrecy and the religious criteria for its judgments , also contributed to its nefarious image .
If we are to reflect on the issue of torture and , more specifically , on how and why torture was used by the Inquisition five hundred years ago , some preliminary considerations are in order .
The Holy Office was an ecclesiastical court , conceived in the late 1470s , which was run by churchmen for the express purpose of prosecuting heresy and other crimes against contemporary Christian beliefs and practices .
After an initial thirty - year period of great activity ( by fifteenth century standards ) in which it moved from town to town seeking out Crypto - Jews and blasphemers , the Inquisition became a settled , urban tribunal .
Its procedures were marked by formality and legalism , with the ultimate stated goal of rooting out heterodoxy .
Ironically , it was the court ’s strict adherence to its rules of operation and , in particular , its obsession with record - keeping that ensured that its catalogue of horrors would be preserved for posterity .
The rules for the use of torture , the instances when it was applied , and the results of its use are clearly described in Inquisition records .
Indeed , the technique known as waterboarding is presented in graphic detail in many trial reports .
One such case from the spring of 1494 relates how a particularly recalcitrant woman in Toledo refused to confess to the accusations of “ judaizing ” that had been brought against her .
The inquisitors considered that she was a Christian in name only , since several people had witnessed her “ reversion ” to the Jewish practices of her ancestors , and so decided to force a confession through torture .
Six legal experts , all duly identified , concurred that this was the correct procedure .
And so Marina González was stripped , tied to a rack , and “ with a jar that held three pints , more or less , they started to pour water down her nose and throat . ”
After each pint was poured , she was asked to confess .
González reportedly held out for the whole jar , and only began to confess to performing Jewish rituals when she was lowered once again into position for further torture .
The use of torture by the Inquisition was never without deliberation .
There was no urgency to defuse ticking time - bombs ; rather , torture was applied during judicial procedures in cases where the accused did not confess to his or her misdeeds in spite of what was considered to be strong evidence .
Aside from potentially securing denunciations , torture was meant primarily for producing confessions , not “ intelligence . ”
The rules drawn up by the Holy Office imposed strict limits and procedural requirements on the use of torture .
One compendium of rules published by the Royal Press in Madrid in 1630 lays out the prolonged deliberations necessary for resorting to torture .
Confessions secured as a result of torture , the rules insist , must be repeated in full two to three days afterwards .
Moreover , these rules state that the inquisitors who issued the order to proceed with torture must be present during its application .
Even the torturer is supposed to be “ a man who would not be expected to do something he should n’t out of hatred , affection , or self - interest . ”
Nevertheless , while these rules insisted that the option to apply torture could only be used once , trial records state that inquisitors would “ suspend ” the torture sessions so that they could be resumed indefinitely .
Inquisition records have revealed a wealth of information about the lives of people of the past in Spain , Portugal , Italy , and the Iberian empires in the Americas and Asia .
Historians have mined their archival riches for details about politics , culture , and religion hundreds of years ago .
In other words , those records contain rare echoes of the voices of the past , on either side of the law of their day .
We should not forget , however , that the Holy Office was an institution that existed at the dawn of the modern era—and was extinguished by Spaniards , Portuguese , and Italians as their history entered its modern phase .
Serious historians have analyzed it according to the standards of its time , not of ours .
Dispassionately , they have revealed the Inquisition as the product of an age when anxiety about religious conformity and orthodoxy weighed heavily on the minds of monarchs .
Those kings and princes did not swear to defend a constitution , to abide by international conventions , or to defend human rights ; a different legal and moral vocabulary guided their actions .
So there is no need to invoke the “ Spanish Inquisition ” to refer to the barbarity of our age .
If there is a pressing need to find analogies for the abuses committed by Americans in the name of hunting terrorists , the recent past offers an ample selection .
Without the hazy remoteness of distant realities such as the Holy Office , the indictments to be made as a result of accurate comparisons will be all the more grave .
To be sure , the industrial age raised the bar for brutality to levels that would have made inquisitors blanch .
If we are serious about understanding what recently went wrong in our midst , hard as it may be for us to swallow , we are far better served by references to recent events , since these remind us of the moral lessons that we should already have learned from our own experiences .
PostRe : BLH 's tour of Chernobyl / Pripyat .
The photos !! [ 56 K DEATH ]
by smurphy » Mon Sep 29 , 2008 1:57 am
That 's strawberry floating awesome BLH .
I 'll almost certainly be going there one day .
The one place it'd be unlucky going to on a nice day !
The thought of the guy 's body still being under the sarcophagus is chilling , but also very cool .
What 's that unit of radioactivity all about , I 've never heard of it ?
It 's not exactly Smell the Glove , is it ?
In the world 's greatest rockumentary , This Is Spinal Tap , the fictional heavy - metal band 's woes deepen when supermarkets refuse to display the sleeve of their latest album with its offensively sexist imagery .
Instead , it is sold in a plain black sleeve , just as Manic Street Preachers ' new album is now to be displayed by British supermarkets in a plain slipcase .
But there the comparisons end .
It 's hard to imagine the chain of decisions that led to Jenny Saville 's painting of a boy 's face in colours that vary from olive green to reddish brown , blue and black , being judged too offensive to go on public view .
The painting can apparently be interpreted to show blood on the boy 's face – although as the band rightly point out , this is a subjective view .
He might have crimson scars and battered lips ; or these might just be the colours Saville has used to evoke the appearance of flesh .
The whites and creams , the blues of his eyes , are just as shocking .
Saville 's fans – who evidently include the Manics as this is the second time they 've used her work – see her as this century 's Lucian Freud .
Be that as it may , the impact this picture has made raises the interesting possibility that hand - made , painterly images now have more power to shock than conceptual artworks .
Everyone is used to seeing dead sharks .
The point about photographic art is that it 's quite simple , really , whereas a painting can raise all kinds of troubling ambiguities .
For me this is a painting of psychic hurt , a portrait of pain .
In that sense it is truly troubling – but to see it crudely as an image of a child who has been hit ( which must be the supermarkets ' view ) is to impose your own subjective interpretation .
Paint creates uncertainty .
It is genuinely impossible to know if those red marks are bloody scars or expressive smears .
In the end , what has caused offence is the intrusion of emotion and artistic depth into the temples of commercial banality .
ADVERTISEMENT ACLU : Gitmo judge ' blatantly defied ' Obama executive order Rachel Oswald
Published : Tuesday March 10 , 2009
Print This Email This Update at bottom : White House not concerned by judge 's actions
The ACLU is angry that a military judge has accepted an incendiary legal pleading filed by five 9/11 suspects , despite President Obama 's order stopping the Guantanamo military commissions and even though attorneys for some of the defendants were unaware of it .
Judge Col .
Stephen
Henley , the appointed chief trial judge in the case ordered the public release of the legal pleading even though all other legal filings have been kept sealed for months by the military commissions , said the American Civil Liberties Union in a release , adding that the competency of two of the men has not yet been determined .
The Smoking Gun has the released six - page legal pleading here .
" We fight you over defending Muslims , their land , their holy sites , and their religion as a whole , " reads the document .
 Judge Henley apparently doesnt know what the word halt means since he has blatantly defied President Obamas executive order for an end to the military commissions , " said Anthony Romero , executive director of the ACLU in a released statement .
" The judges actions extending the military commissions call into question the true intentions of the Pentagon leadership at a time when the Obama administration is searching for a solution to the disastrous detention policies of the Bush administration . "
Romero adds , " If Defense Secretary Gates allowed the military commissions to proceed , that s a serious problem ; if he didnt know about this , that s equally troubling .
Moreover , to selectively release a filing that clearly serves the objectives of the prosecution when defense motions have regularly been suppressed raises the suspicion that political motivations are at play . "
The Associated Press writes that the pleading was " submitted to the Guantanamo war crimes court and released by the Pentagon , in English , over the objections of attorneys for two of the men .
The five had previously said they wanted to plead guilty to the charges against them ...
But this is their most detailed response yet . "
The five men are charged with murder and other crimes , charges which could carry a death sentence if they are found guilty .
Of the charges , the pleading reads they " are badges of honor , which we carry with pride . "
The ACLU is calling for Secretary Gates to withdraw all charges in all pending military commission cases .
They have sponsored civilian counsel for some of the five men through a partnership with the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers .
Judge 's action consistent with Obama 's policy : Gibbs White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said Judge Henley 's decision to accept the detainees ' legal pleading was not troubling at a press conference this afternoon .
FOX News reporter Wendell Goler asked Gibbs if the decision by the judge to accept the legal filings was troubling , given President Obama 's order that the military commission proceedings be halted .
Gibbs responded with " No .
The president -- not unlike our dealings with Afghanistan and Pakistan -- we 've developed a process to review the status of those at Guantanamo Bay and determine how best to deal with individual detainees and how to bring those that committed horrible acts to justice and that continues as well . "
Download video via RawReplay.com
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Love Land in Chongqing aims to address taboo and improve sex education but many residents see it as vulgar
Maybe it was the giant revolving model of a woman 's legs and lower torso , clad only in an unflattering crimson thong , or perhaps it was the oversized replica of a set of genitals .
Either way , many residents in the south - west city of Chongqing are not happy about the development of China 's first sex theme park , which has been described as " vulgar " and inappropriate .
The park manager , Lu Xiaoqing , who was inspired by South Korea 's popular sex theme park in Jeju , says that Love Land , due to open in October , will improve sex education and help adults enjoy a harmonious sex life .
Inside , visitors will be able to view naked human sculptures , giant replicas of genitals and an exhibition about the history of sex and sexual practices in other countries .
The park will also offer sex technique workshops and advise on anti-Aids measures and using condoms properly .
" Sex is a taboo subject in China but people really need to have more access to information about it , " Lu told the state newspaper China Daily .
" We are building the park for the good of the public .
I have found that the majority of people support my idea , but I have to pay attention and not make the park look vulgar and nasty . "
But Liu Daiwei , a female police officer in Chongqing , complained : " These things are too exposed .
I will feel uncomfortable looking at them when other people are around . "
A commenter on the popular Sina website said Chinese people did not treat sex as boldly as foreigners , adding : " These vulgar sex installations will only make people sick . "
But another commenter said Chinese people needed sex education , promising : " I will visit the park when I go to Chongqing . "
Li Yinhe , an expert on sexual attitudes at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences , said that in ancient times Chinese people had more positive attitudes towards sex .
They became more ascetic during the Song and Ming dynasties , but this trend peaked at the end of the Cultural Revolution .
Since the 80s that had reversed , she said , adding : " The fact that the park has been built shows the change and that open attitudes to sex are now mainstream . "
One of her research projects showed that in Beijing the percentage of people having premarital sex rose from under 16 % in 1989 to over 60 % in 2004 .
Li said that while disapproval of sex stemmed from religion in the west , in China it was largely rooted in a traditional focus on the family instead of individual enjoyment – leading people to deplore premarital and extramarital sex .
" But people will become more tolerant and have positive attitudes towards sex ; for example , people [ already ] care more about female orgasm .
I read a report saying in the west about 90 % of women have experienced orgasm , but in China the number is only 28 % , " she said .
OTTAWA -- Just days after a passport requirement for Canadians crossing U.S. land borders took effect , the United States is preparing to dispatch 700 more agents to patrol its northern border , the Ottawa Citizen has learned .
The move , confirmed Thursday by U.S. Customs and Border Protection , represents a 45 % “ plus - up ” over current staffing of 1,550 agents .
It will bring the total number of northern U.S. border agents to about 2,200 by September , 2010 , more than a sixfold increase since 9/11 .
Much of the additional manpower is needed to operate new border monitoring equipment and to run down investigative leads and other information generated by the new technologies , said a CBP spokesman in Washington .
“ We want to be sure and allocate resources to do the best job possible ... to make the technology and all that stuff that we ’re using up there work , ” said Lloyd Easterling .
The technologies include radiation detectors , hidden ground sensors , security cameras and air and marine units , including Predator unmanned patrol planes monitoring remote border regions for potential terrorists and other criminals heading south across the almost 9,000 - kilometre boundary .
“ We ca n’t just put the technology in without having the people to go out there and actually move around and make arrests and investigate suspicious activity as needed , ” said Easterling .
“ So we need to make sure that we plus -up on the border in order to answer the border security challenges all along that northern border .
“ We ’ve been working with Canada on a whole lot of things and working together to make that border environment safer all the way around and this is just part of it . ”
A week after being sworn into the new U.S. administration in January , Department of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano ordered a review of vulnerabilities along the border with Canada .
She and homeland security officials later portrayed the review as routine due- diligence by the incoming administration and dismissed suggestions the U.S. was considering a further “ thickening ” of the border .
In May , Ms. Napolitano fuelled fears that U.S. border policy continues to be influenced by myth more than facts for suggesting -- incorrectly -- that the 9/11 terrorists entered the U.S. from Canada .
Her office quickly issue a correction .
Last week , she announced $ 60 - million in funding for border states to beef up their contributions to border security .
More than three - quarters of the money is to go states neighbouring Mexico , where extensive drug trade is threatening border security .
A passing line in an accompanying press release noted the increase of 700 northern border agents , but failed to indicate whether the addition was previously planned or new .
In May , 2008 , the U.S. said its total complement of northern border agents would reach a maximum of 1,845 by this September , the end of the U.S. government ’s fiscal year .
Meanwhile , two U.S. senators from New York State on Thursday called on Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Ms. Napolitano to step in and resolve a dispute between the federal government and a Mohawk group that has shutdown a border crossing between eastern Ontario and New York .
Democratic Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand said the border closure has been “ economically devastating ” to Massena , N.Y. and the surrounding area .
Mr. Schumer called Canada ’s decision to shut the link between Ontario and New York “ shortsighted ” and unacceptable .
“ The State Department and the Department of Homeland Security can provide much needed leadership to break this impasse , ” said Mr. Schumer in a statement .
“ We must work together , let cooler heads prevail and open this crossing as soon as possible . ”
The Canada Border Services Agency closed the crossing , which sits on a Mohawk reserve near Cornwall on May 31 after the community of Akwesasne said it would not allow the June 1 planned arming of border guards .
Since then , the bridge spans linking New York state to the Canadian crossing , and the crossing to the Ontario mainland , have remained shut to the general public .
Public Safety Minister Peter Van Loan has so far refused to meet with the Mohawk leadership to resolve the impasse and his office has repeatedly stated the matter was in the hands of the CBSA .
State Department spokesman Darby Holladay said Clinton would answer the correspondence .
Ottawa Citizen , with files from Canwest News Service
The University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign is the state 's top public college , and many fear a clout list taints it .
( Tribune photo by Zbigniew Bzdak )
at
on
by Kristian
Awww !
Enjoy , a brand new and adorable comic !
Also , is it funny today ?
Vote !
Photos purporting to show prisoner abuse in Iraq were published in 2004
The release of more photos of prisoner abuse by US soldiers is " of no benefit " and may inflame opinion against the US , President Barack Obama has said .
The pictures were not " sensational " and every case of abuse had been dealt with by the military , with action taken where appropriate , he said .
The White House previously said it would not fight a court ruling ordering the release of the pictures .
US civil liberties activists accused Mr Obama of adopting Bush - era policies .
The pictures were due to be released by 28 May , according to the court order .
The order was issued by an appeals court in September 2008 , in response to a Freedom of Information Act request by the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) .
' Mockery '
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The US defence department had been preparing to release the images , reportedly taken in Iraq and Afghanistan , and the dispute could now end up before the US Supreme Court .
Speaking outside the White House , Mr Obama said he would not tolerate the abuse of prisoners .
However , he had , he said , directed his legal team to fight the court - ordered release of the photos because he was concerned they might " inflame anti-American opinion and put our troops in greater danger " .
The Pentagon had not sought to conceal anything , he added , and appropriate action had been taken against individuals involved in abuses .
The president had been advised against publication by Defence Secretary Robert Gates , Centcom commander Gen David Petraeus and the commander of US forces in Iraq , Gen Ray Odierno , a Pentagon official said .
Jonathan Beale , BBC News , Washington
President Obama has clearly concluded that - in this instance - national security trumps transparency .
There is no doubt that President Obama will have disappointed some of his supporters - and , let us be honest , they are those on the left .
But he will have reassured many more that his prime concern is the nation 's security and the lives of US troops .
You do n't have to be a political genius to work out where the sympathies of the mainstream lie .
Reasons behind US - Turn Send your comments
The ACLU said the president 's " decision not to release the photographs makes a mockery of President Obama 's promise of transparency and accountability " .
" It 's absolutely essential that these photos be released so the public can examine for itself the torture and abuse that was conducted in its name , " ACLU attorney Amrit Singh said .
The human rights group Amnesty International also criticised the president 's decision , saying human beings had been " tortured and denied basic rights " .
But the switch was welcomed by Senator Lindsey Graham , a Republican , and Senator Joe Lieberman , an independent .
" The fact that the president reconsidered the decision is a strength not a weakness , " they said in a joint statement .
The BBC's Richard Lister in Washington says that although President Obama has insisted on the need for open government , it appears that on this issue he has been persuaded that - for now at least - such transparency risks doing more harm than good .
US MEDIA REACTIONS TO OBAMA'S DECISION
The Atlantic Monthly 's Andrew Sullivan , an Obama supporter during the election , is disappointed by the actions of the president he backed .
Neo -conservative Michael Goldfarb , who worked for John McCain during the presidential election , hails his former opponent in the Weekly Standard .
David Kurtz , at Talking Points Memo , thinks that the decision means there is a " long slog ahead " for the US in Afghanistan .
So , argues FireDogLake 's Gregg Levine , why not publish the photographs ?
Conservative Jim Geraghty , writing in the National Review , gives President Obama little credit , although he does back the president 's decision .
Having seen what Cerberus has done to one of its acquirees ( New Page , a group of mills that produce coated paper ) , nothing should surprise me .
But the way that Chrysler treated its dealers as stuffees , pressuring them take extra inventory and make extra investments in plant and facilities shortly before the dealerships were cancelled , is simply heinous .
In addition , Chrysler is cutting all ties as of June 9 .
By contrast , GM is far more humane , allowing dealers to continue operating until 2010 , but giving them the option of wrapping up sooner if they choose .
Some disaffected Chrysler dealers are suing the automaker to block the termination .
From the New York Times :
Mr. [ Robert ]
Archer is among 330 dealers , calling themselves the Committee of Chrysler Affected Dealers , who are contesting the company ’s action .
Next week and on June 3 , the bankruptcy judge handling Chrysler ’s case will consider their objections .
Many of those fighting the hardest are dealers who recently spent huge amounts of money to stay in the company ’s good graces , who sacrificed their own profits to help keep the company intact or who otherwise thought they had bent over backward to ensure that Chrysler could survive , only to learn that they were the ones who would not .
“ I ’m mad at myself for being duped all these years by them and going along with all of the things they wanted me to do , ” said Homer Cutrubus , a Chrysler dealer in Utah since 1969 .
“ If I treated my customers like Chrysler treated me , I would n’t have any business . ”
For years , Chrysler had been urging Mr. Cutrubus and other dealers to combine dealerships with just one or two of the company ’s brands into “ alpha ” stores selling all three : Chrysler , Dodge and Jeep .
It stepped up that pressure in February , he said , and in April he finally agreed to move his Dodge store in Layton , Utah , into a Chrysler - Jeep showroom half a mile away , even though he thought the change made little sense financially and had to be done at his own expense .
Included in the exhibits filed in bankruptcy court is an e-mail message from a Chrysler official in Denver to Mr. Cutrubus that said the company wanted to keep only one of the four area dealerships , preferably him .
It concluded , “ Are you our guy ? ”
“ I called them the next day and said , ‘ Yeah , we ’ve got a deal , ’ ” Mr. Cutrubus said .
Six weeks later , after he already had spent $ 100,000 making the move , he got the letter cutting all his franchises … .
Chrysler is not buying back any inventory , including the vehicles and parts that dealers say they never wanted and bought only under pressure .
And the entire process , which gives them only until June 9 to liquidate everything , is far from fair , they contend .
Security services fear a failure to monitor all forms of communications effectively will hamper their ability to combat terrorists and serious criminals .
Sir Stephen Lander , chairman of the Serious Organised Crime Agency , said : " Any significant reduction in the capability of law enforcement agencies to acquire and exploit intercept intelligence and evidential communications data would lead to more unsolved murders , more firearms on our streets , more successful robberies , more unresolved kidnaps , more harm from the use of Class A drugs , more illegal immigration and more unsolved serious crime . "
Updates to Quake II have been released .
The updates will be applied automatically when your Steam client is restarted .
Unfortunately , this update is not compatible with saved games of previous versions of Quake II .
Taking vintage typewriters and turning them into sculptures without using any kind of glue , welding or soldering may sound impossible , but not for Jeremy Mayer who has created these amazing typewriter sculptures by using cold assembly methods .
From the tender to the grotesque , throughout history , erotic literature has offered us a private space in which to celebrate and contemplate the intricate workings of human sexuality .
Here , we explore some of the key works of this genre .
Click the image on the right to launch .
Red Hat 's community Linux effort , Fedora is out today with its latest release , Fedora 11 .
While Fedora Linux 11 is an optimized release , some might even call it a ' Spartan ' release , though not for lack of new features .
The Fedora 11 release is officially codenamed " Leonidas " who was known as the King of the Spartans .
Fedora 11 includes faster performance and new security , virtualization , desktop and server features .
The Fedora release is a preview in some respects of features that the next version of Red Hat Enterprise Linux might contain .
It 's also likely the last Fedora release before Microsoft Windows 7 is officially launched later this year .
On the faster side of things , Fedora 11 aims to have a 20 second boot time , which might rival Ubuntu Linux 's 25 second boot time in its recent Jaunty release .
Fedora 11 also includes the new Ext4 file system which offers better performance and the ability to handle larger file sizes .
New desktop features for device identification and management are also a key part of the Fedora 11 release .
Virtualization also gets a boost in Fedora 11 , with new features that enterprise users might be interested in .
" The virtualization features that we have , include an improved console , " Fedora Project Leader Paul Frields told InternetNews.com
" That means better input support , so when a user is moving from host to guest it 's less of a hassle to try and figure out where your input is being captured . "
Frields added that Fedora 11 also includes something called sVirt which is SELinux ( Security Enhanced ) containment for virtual guests .
SELinux is an access control technology that has its roots in the NSA ( National Security Agency ) and has been part of Fedora for years .
By extending SELinux to virtual guests , Fedora is enhancing the security of its virtualization technologies .
Fedora 11 also includes what Frields described as better authentication for its virtualization manager software ( virtmanager ) .
" That allows you to compartmentalize administrator access for virtualization guests , " Frields said .
" That can be important for companies that have SLAs ( service level agreements ) for their virtual guests . "
Windows developers will also benefit from Fedora 11 .
Frields explained that the new release includes Window cross compiler support .
As such , Fedora 11 developers can create executables for Windows on a Fedora 11 system .
Fedora Community Portal
Alongside the new operating system release , Fedora is showing off its new community portal .
The hope is that the new site will help to grow both the Fedora Linux distribution as well as the number of people that contribute .
" It 's all Web - based , so it will cut down on the number of software applications that a contributor will have to learn in order to communicate with the Fedora Project , " Frields said .
The Community will be able to connect people live in a way where we can connect people that will encourage more mentorship . "
While Fedora is trying to make it easier for people to participate , its total user base is likely to continue to grow as a result of the Fedora 11 release .
Frields estimated that the current total number of Fedora users is approximately 15 million .
Fedora counts users based on the number of unique IP addresses that check Fedora repositories for updates .
The total number counted by Fedora includes users of multiple Fedora Linux versions .
The Fedora 10 release which came out in November of 2008 has 2.4 million users .
" We expect that download numbers for Fedora 11 will be very strong , " said Frields .
" Non est potestas Super Terram quae Comparetur ei " ( There is no power on earth to be compared to him ) ,
- Verse : Book of Job , Holy Bible .
How can we empower " the people " if " the people " have so little power ... to empower themselves ?
- VioletPlanet
( 2009 )
the military capitalism of private corporations exists in a weakened and formal democratic system containing a military order already quite political in outlook and demeanor .
Accordingly , at the top of this structure , the power elite has been shaped by the coincidence of interest between those who control the major means of production and those who control the newly enlarged means of violence ; from the decline of the professional politician and the rise to explicit political command of the corporate chieftains and the professional warlords ; from the absence of any genuine civil service of skill and integrity , independent of vested interests .
it comes together only on certain coinciding points and only on certain occasions of CRISIS .
In the long peace of the nineteenth century , the military were not in the high councils of state , not of the political directorate , and neither were the economic men — they made raids upon the state but they did not join its directorate .
During the ‘ thirties , the political man was ascendant .
Now the military and the corporate men are in top positions .
‘ the tasks of the period ’
‘ defense ’
military clique .
Washington military clique
Its members exist all over the country , and it is a coalition of generals in the roles of corporation executives , of politicians masquerading as admirals , of corporation executives acting like politicians , of civil servants who become majors , of vice - admirals who are also the assistants to a cabinet officer , who is himself , by the way , really a member of the managerial elite .
ruling class
bureaucratic politicians
military clique
Footnote :
A main inspiration for the book was Franz Leopold Neumanns book Behemoth : The Structure and Practice of National Socialism in 1942 , a study of how Nazism came in position of power in a democratic state as Germany .
Behemoth had a major impact on Mills and he claimed that Behemoth had given him the " tools to grasp and analyse the entire total structure and as a warning of what could happen in a modern capitalist democracy " .
( C. Wright Mills : Power , Politics and People .
New york .1963 , p.174 ) .
" The power elite is composed of men whose positions enable them to transcend the ordinary environments of ordinary men and women ; they are in positions to make decisions having major consequences .
Whether they do or do not make such decisions is less important than the fact that they do occupy such pivotal positions : their failure to act , their failure to make decisions , is itself an act that is often of greater consequence than the decisions they do make .
For they are in command of the major hierarchies and organizations of modern society .
They rule the big corporations .
They run the machinery of the state and claim its prerogatives .
They direct the military establishment .
They occupy the strategic command posts of the social structure , in which are now centered the effective means of the power and the wealth and the celebrity which they enjoy .
The power elite are not solitary rulers .
Advisers and consultants , spokesmen and opinion - makers are often the captains of their higher thought and decision .
Immediately below the elite are the professional politicians of the middle levels of power , in the Congress and in the pressure groups , as well as among the new and old upper classes of town and city and region .
Mingling with them , in curious ways which we shall explore , are those professional celebrities who live by being continually displayed but are never , so long as they remain celebrities , displayed enough .
If such celebrities are not at the head of any dominating hierarchy , they do often have the power to distract the attention of the public or afford sensations to the masses , or , more directly , to gain the ear of those who do occupy positions of direct power .
More or less unattached , as critics of morality and technicians of power , as spokesmen of God and creators of mass sensibility , such celebrities and consultants are part of the immediate scene in which the drama of the elite is enacted .
But that drama itself is centered in the command posts of the major institutional hierarchies . "
"
In so far as the structural clue to the power elite today lies in the economic order , that clue is the fact that the economy is at once a permanent - war economy and a private - corporation economy .
American capitalism is now in considerable part a military capitalism , and the most important relation of the big corporation to the state rests on the coincidence of interests between military and corporate needs , as defined by warlords and corporate rich .
Within the elite as a whole , this coincidence of interest between the high military and the corporate chieftains strengthens both of them and further subordinates the role of the merely political men .
Not politicians , but corporate executives , sit with the military and plan the organization of war effort .
The shape and meaning of the power elite today can be understood only when these three sets of structural trends are seen at their point of coincidence :
The power elite is composed of political , economic , and military men , but this instituted elite is frequently in some tension :
Of the three types of circle that compose the power elite today , it is the military that has benefited the most in its enhanced power , although the corporate circles have also become more explicitly entrenched in the more public decision - making circles .
It is the professional politician that has lost the most , so much that in examining the events and decisions , one is tempted to speak of a political vacuum in which the corporate rich and the high warlord , in their coinciding interests , rule .
Which of the three types seems to lead depends uponas they , the elite , define them .
Just now , these tasks center uponand international affairs .
Accordingly , as we have seen , the military are ascendant in two senses : as personnel and as justifying ideology .
That is why , just now , we can most easily specify the unity and the shape of the power elite in terms of the military ascendancy .
In so far as the power elite has come to wide public attention , it has done so in terms of the The power elite does , in fact , take its current shape from the decisive entrance into it of the military .
Their presence and their ideology are its major legitimations , whenever the power elite feels the need to provide any .
But what is called theis not composed merely of military men , and it does not prevail merely in Washington .
Neither the idea of anor of a simple monolithic rise ofnor of ais adequate .
The power elite today involves the often uneasy coincidence of economic , military , and political power . - C. Wright Mills , Exerpt : The Power Elite , 1956 .
Image : - Abraham Bosse , Frontispiece of the book " Leviathan , " by Thomas Hobbes , 1651 ) .
Imagine a person you know all or most of your life and their behavior changes -- suddenly -- and for the worse .
By Bob DeMarco
Alzheimer 's Reading Room
Knowing that the day is coming when they - - wo n't know you -- is the most horrific feeling of them all .
It is n't pleasant living in the front row .
Yet , somehow we do it .
Many of us for years .
Trust me when I say this , if you are not living in the front row you could never imagine what it is like .
If you know a caregiver get involved .
The first thing you can do is listen to them as they vent .
The next thing you can do is arrange for them to get away from it all for a period of time .
Hug a caregiver , I assure you it will be an experience you wo n't forget .
Bob DeMarco is the editor of the Alzheimer 's Reading Room and an Alzheimer 's caregiver .
Bob has written more than 3,810 articles with more than 306,500 links on the Internet .
Bob resides in Delray Beach , FL .
I often use the termThis term describes caregivers and others that watch Alzheimer 's develop 24 / 7 .
Once the disease strikes they get to witness the craziness of it all .
On one hand , you have the person suffering from Alzheimer 's ; on the other hand , you have the person responsible for caring for that person .
Unless you are an Alzheimer 's caregiver it is almost impossible to either understand or comprehend what it is like living in the front row .
Until you sit in the front row , you wo n't be able to comprehend what it is like living in the " front row " .
In the early days of caring the caregiver deals with a disease that is not only impossible to understand ; they live with a disease that turns their world upside down .
Imagine a person you know all or most of your life and their behavior changes -- suddenly -- and for the worse .
This person , your loved one , begins to act out behaviors that you have never seen or experienced before .
You want to scream at them at them , but you come to the realization that this only makes the situation worse .
You cannot reason with a person suffering from Alzheimer's .
They believe what they say to be true and nothing can change it .
It is difficult to describe the range of emotions a caregiver might feel or experience in a single day .
Imagine being happy and then sad , caring then angry , focused then frustrated -- an almost endless stream of feelings and emotions that conflict .
The caregiver lives an anxiety filled life day - after - day .
The caregiver nevers knows when this craziness might come to an end .
They do know this uncertain fate is heart wrenching .
Most people have difficulty dealing with change .
The Alzheimer 's caregiver deals with change on a daily basis .
Never knowing for certain what is coming , but knowing fully it is coming .
Informed caregivers try to get ahead of the curve so they can get prepared for these harsh , sometimes hard to comprehend changes .
Knowing that your loved one is going to forget simple things like how to brush their teeth , how to take a shower , and even how to eat is not a pleasant feeling .
The experience and feeling of helplessness cannot be described .
Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
No place for old trees ( J. A. Lutz )
The oldest and largest trees within California 's world famous Yosemite National Park are disappearing .
Climate change appears to be a major cause of the loss .
The revelation comes from an analysis of data collected over 60 years by forest ecologists .
They say one worrying aspect of the decline is that it is happening within one of most protected forests within the US , suggesting that even more large trees may be dying off elsewhere .
James Lutz and Jerry Franklin of the University of Washington , Seattle , US and Jan van Wagtendonk of the Yosemite Field Station of the US Geological Survey , based in El Portal , California collated data on tree growth within the park gathered from the 1930s onwards .
Their key finding is that the density of large diameter trees has fallen by 24 % between the 1930s and 1990s , within all types of forest .
" These large , old trees have lived centuries and experienced many dry and wet periods , " says Lutz .
" So it is quite a surprise that recent conditions are such that these long - term survivors have been affected . "
The wider the diameter , the more aged the tree ( J. A. Lutz ) .
Large trees are not only older , but they play a distinct and important role within forest ecosystems .
Their canopies help moderate the local forest environment while their understory creates a unique habitat for other plants and animals .
Older , larger trees also tend to seed the surrounding area and crucially are able to withstand fires , short term climatic changes and outbreaks of insect pests that can kill or weaken smaller trees .
But the study by Lutz 's team suggests they are no longer faring well .
In a study published in Forest Ecology and Management , the researchers collated all the data that existed on tree growth with the Yosemite National Park .
In particular , this included two comprehensive surveys : one conducted in the mid 1930s and another during the 1990s .
" Few studies like this exist elsewhere in the world because of a lack of good measurements from the early 20th Century , " says Lutz .
Including 21 species of tree recorded by both surveys , the density of large diameter trees fell from 45 trees per hectare to 34 trees , a decline of 24 % in just over 60 years .
White Firs ( Abies concolor ) , Lodgepole Pines ( Pinus contorta ) and Jeffrey Pines ( Pinus jeffreyi ) were affected the most .
Smaller size trees were unaffected .
Trees of this diameter are becoming more scarce ( A. J. Larson ) .
" One of the most shocking aspects of these findings is that they apply to Yosemite National Park , " says Lutz .
" Yosemite is one of the most protected places in the US .
If the declines are occurring here , the situation is unlikely to be better in less protected forests . "
The cause is difficult to pin down , but " we certainly think that climate is an important driver , " says Lutz .
Higher temperatures decrease the amount of water available to the trees .
The suppression of natural wildfires in the park also allows younger trees and shrubs to grow , increasing the competition for the water that is around .
" The decline in large - diameter trees could accelerate as climate in California becomes warmer by mid-century , " the researchers warn in the conclusions to their study .
The impact of that is unclear .
" We know that large trees disproportionately affect the ecosystem , " says Lutz .
" But what the consequences could be of a decline in average large tree diameter , no - one really knows . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The average potency of marijuana , which has risen steadily for three decades , has exceeded 10 percent for the first time , the U.S. government will report on Thursday .
…
The stronger marijuana is of particular concern because high concentrations of THC have the opposite effect of low concentrations , officials say .
[ CNN ]
Here we go again : Who the f#$k said that ?
My god , is it really necessary to explain that stronger marijuana has the exact same effect , except more of it ?
This is basic , basic stuff here .
The argument that good pot makes people feels unpleasant is just a non-starter , and I could n’t be less surprised not to find a name attached to it .
Marijuana has gotten stronger under marijuana prohibition , just like alcohol got stronger during alcohol prohibition .
Suppliers are incentivized to maximize the potency of their product to achieve the highest profit while reducing risk .
Harsh laws also encourage consumers to obtain the strongest product since penalties are determined by weight , not potency .
In a regulated market , there would be high demand for lower potency marijuana , just as light beer and light cigarettes are extremely popular .
A flavorful strain with mild effects and a low price could become a big seller , but nobody in their right mind would ever try to grow something like that right now .
Why risk jail over a crop that 's half as profitable ?
Prohibition is shaping the marijuana market , yet drug warriors ironically turn around and cite potent pot as an argument for keeping the policy that made things the way they are .
There 's really nothing bad about higher potency pot , since it 's completely non-toxic and easy to consume in controlled doses , but to whatever extent anyone is concerned about it , the obvious solution is regulation .
Test it .
Label it .
Put age restrictions on it .
Then watch in amazement as marijuana users become even healthier and happier than they already are .
At first glance , it appears that 2009 did n’t start so well for the mil­i­tary con­trac­tor Xe , until Feb­ru­ary known as Black­wa­ter World­wide .
In Jan­u­ary , with mul­ti­ple oth­er law­suits pend­ing , six of its for­mer employ­ees went on tri­al for the death of 17 Iraqi civil­ians in Sep­tem­ber 2007 in Nisoor Square , Bagh­dad .
And in March , its con­tract in Iraq , where it has so far made more than $ 1 bil­lion dol­lars , was canceled .
Martin Hippe calls the Xe site a ‘ precancerous mole , ’ but concedes that most people in Jo Daviess County ‘ are more concerned about the impact of the mega - dairy . ’
Yet , on April 20 the AP report­ed that Xe ( pro­nounced ​ “ zee ” ) will remain in Iraq until the sum­mer .
It has been wide­ly report­ed that its avi­a­tion com­pa­ny , Pres­i­den­tial Air­lines , will con­tin­ue oper­a­tions in Iraq until the fall .
And Triple Canopy , the com­pa­ny that will assume Xe ’s con­tract in Iraq to pro­tect U.S. per­son­nel , will be hir­ing for­mer Blackwater / ​Xe personnel .
The pri­vate mil­i­tary cor­po­ra­tion ( PMC ) mar­ket , of which Xe is a bou­tique part , is grow­ing glob­al­ly at 6 to 8 per­cent a year and has now sur­passed $ 100 bil­lion , most­ly based in the Unit­ed States and the Unit­ed King­dom .
The use of mer­ce­nar­ies goes back mil­len­nia , but the phe­nom­e­non of cor­po­rate pri­vate armies capa­ble of chal­leng­ing the nation state ’s ​ “ monop­oly on vio­lence ” – as Pres­i­dent Barack Oba­ma put it – is a late 20th cen­tu­ry devel­op­ment that wor­ries peace activists around the globe .
These pri­vate armies are used not just on the bat­tle­field but also to pro­tect cor­po­ra­tions , train pub­lic law enforce­ment per­son­nel and , as after Kat­ri­na , patrol city streets .
Mary Shes­green , co-founder of the Illi­nois group Clear­wa­ter , shares Pres­i­dent Barack Obama ’s con­cern about PMCs .
But , unlike the Pres­i­dent , she believes they should be made ille­gal .
Shes­green sees their exis­tence as part of the increas­ing mil­i­ta­riza­tion of our soci­ety .
​” Civil­ian con­trol of the mil­i­tary is a basic tenet of any democ­ra­cy .
Cor­po­rate con­trol , or pri­va­ti­za­tion , is an essen­tial­ly anti-demo­c­ra­t­ic trend , ” she says .
As part of its new incar­na­tion , for­mer Blackwater / ​Xe CEO , Erik Prince , claimed in his res­ig­na­tion speech that the com­pa­ny plans to focus on its ​ “ core ” busi­ness of domes­tic secu­ri­ty training .
A seem­ing vic­to­ry for the anti-Black­wa­ter coali­tion occurred in March 2008 , when the com­pa­ny was forced to aban­don its plans to devel­op an 800 - acre train­ing facil­i­ty in rur­al Potrero , 40 miles east of San Diego .
Ray­mond Lutz , founder of Cit­i­zens ’ Over­sight Projects ( COPs ) , which mon­i­tors the deci­sion - mak­ing process of local gov­ern­ment enti­ties , was a key orga­niz­er of the opposition .
Lutz believes strong­ly in work­ing with local elect­ed offi­cials who , he says , ​“ on the whole have the best inter­ests of the com­mu­ni­ty at heart , ” but he also believes in account­abil­i­ty and uses ​ “ net - roots ” strat­e­gy that includes record­ing pub­lic meet­ings in order to shine a wider light on the deci­sion mak­ing process .
COPs suc­cess­ful­ly recalled the local plan­ning board mem­bers who sup­port­ed the Black­wa­ter site .
Cir­cum­stances also were prov­i­den­tial :
The pent up anger against the war drew demon­stra­tors and gar­nered press cov­er­age .
Envi­ron­men­tal­ists and local res­i­dents who opposed the noise from fir­ing ranges joined forces .
Jour­nal­ist and author Jere­my Scahill chron­i­cled the Potrero vic­to­ry and insists that its sig­nif­i­cance should not be under­es­ti­mat­ed : ​ “ Those peo­ple … stood up against one of the most pow­er­ful para­mil­i­tary groups in this coun­try and won . ”
Yet while the com­mu­ni­ty of Potrero scored a vic­to­ry , Blackwater / ​Xe mere­ly expe­ri­enced a short - term set­back .
Hydra - like , it sim­ply popped up in a new guise and a new loca­tion .
Lutz received a tip less than two months after the Potrero project was aban­doned that Xe was seek­ing per­mits for a facil­i­ty in Otay Mesa in the city of San Diego , where it can exe­cute an ongo­ing train­ing con­tract with the U.S. Navy and also bid for bor­der secu­ri­ty contracts .
In pur­su­ing per­mits for the Otay Mesa site , Black­wa­ter dis­guised its appli­ca­tion under the names of sub­sidiaries and broke the project down into sev­er­al small­er ones to avoid the more intense over­sight required for a sin­gle large project .
The city orig­i­nal­ly refused Blackwater ’s cer­tifi­cate of occu­pan­cy , but Black­wa­ter took its case to fed­er­al court and Bush - appoint­ed Judge Mar­i­lyn Huff sided with the com­pa­ny .
Oppo­nents want to stop
Xe from gain­ing legit­i­ma­cy as a state train­ing orga­ni­za­tion – the com­pa­ny would like to enter into an agree­ment with the South­west­ern Com­mu­ni­ty Col­lege Dis­trict to offer weapon­ry train­ing to its law enforce­ment students .
In Illi­nois , oppo­si­tion to Xe has been focused on Skunk Hol­low in Jo Daviess Coun­ty in the north­west of the state .
In 2006 , Black­wa­ter qui­et­ly leased an 80 - acre weapons train­ing facil­i­ty there .
( Tak­ing over exist­ing train­ing facil­i­ties is anoth­er favorite Xe tac­tic to avoid pub­lic scrutiny . )
Oppo­si­tion to what is now known as U.S. Train­ing Cen­ter Mid­west began almost imme­di­ate­ly , trig­gered when Dan Ken­ney , a school teacher from DeKalb , two coun­ties east of Jo Daviess , read about the pro­posed facil­i­ty in a short sto­ry by the Asso­ci­at­ed Press .
Ken­ney was a mem­ber of the Con­fed­er­a­tion of North­ern Illi­nois Peace Groups Coali­tion , which decid­ed to form Clear­wa­ter as part of their focus on war prof­i­teers .
Over the past three years Ken­ney has become one of the groups ’ chief strategists .
He spear­head­ed the first nation­al con­fer­ence of PMC oppo­nents , held in the small town of Stock­ton , close to Xe ’s U.S. Train­ing Cen­ter Mid­west , on April 25 to 27 .
Con­fer­ence pre­sen­ters includ­ed orga­niz­ers from North Car­oli­na , Cal­i­for­nia ( by video ) , Scahill and Col .
Ann Wright , the 29 - year army vet­er­an who resigned her com­mis­sion on the eve of the Iraq inva­sion and is now an out­spo­ken activist against the war and PMCs .
On April 27 , 75 con­fer­ence atten­dees marched to the gate of the Xe ’s site to per­form a ​ “ cit­i­zens ’ fore­clo­sure ” on the com­pa­ny .
State police arrest­ed 22 pro­test­ers as they rolled under the prop­er­ty gates .
The pro­test­ers stat­ed that they were ​“ going onto Blackwater ’s prop­er­ty to serve a notice of fore­clo­sure on the prop­er­ty of a com­pa­ny that is moral­ly bankrupt . ”
It ’s been chal­leng­ing for Clear­wa­ter to raise aware­ness of Xe ’s pres­ence in Jo Daviess Coun­ty .
The coun­ty has oth­er prob­lems , from con­t­a­m­i­nat­ed drink­ing water to a pro­posed new mega - dairy .
Mar­tin Hippe , a con­cerned local res­i­dent , calls the Xe site ​ “ a pre­can­cer­ous mole ” but admits that most peo­ple ​ “ are more con­cerned about the impact of the mega - dairy . ”
Clear­wa­ter is also pur­su­ing the pas­sage of state leg­is­la­tion to cur­tail the use of pri­vate mil­i­tary con­trac­tors to train police forces .
​ “ A com­pa­ny that behaves as if it is above the law , should not be train­ing law enforce­ment per­son­nel , ” says Shes­green .
The Illi­nois State Police opposed a bill by state Rep. Julie Hamos ( D ) because they did not want to cede the right to get train­ing from the best avail­able train­ers , accord­ing to Shes­green .
Clearwater ’s new draft for the 2010 leg­isla­tive ses­sion would lim­it the state ’s abil­i­ty to use pri­vate con­trac­tors , except in case of emer­gency .
But even this is an uphill fight .
If Clearwater ’s leg­isla­tive ini­tia­tive seems to be tem­porar­i­ly stalled , so too does U.S. Train­ing Cen­ter Mid­west .
When Ken­ney vis­it­ed the site in ear­ly April – accom­pa­nied by 15 Domini­can nuns – he says Site Direc­tor Eric Davis told him that course enroll­ment is down and the chances of being cer­ti­fied to offer law enforce­ment train­ing by the Illi­nois State Law Enforce­ment Train­ing Board seem remote .
Davis also claimed that Xe ’s head­quar­ters in Moy­ock , N.C. , is cut­ting the staff by 50 percent .
At Moy­ock , Xe is being mon­i­tored by Black­wa­ter Watch , an off­shoot of Stop Tor­ture Now , an orga­ni­za­tion formed to oppose extra­or­di­nary ren­di­tion flights out of the state .
It held the first civ­il dis­obe­di­ence against a PMC in 2007 , sim­u­lat­ing the Nisoor Square mas­sacre and has also protest­ed out­side the Win­ston Salem , N.C. , offices of Xe ’s lob­by­ing firm Womble Car­lyle San­dridge and Rice .
Chris­t­ian Stall­berg who main­tains the Black­wa­ter Watch web­site says , ​ “ I think we have raised the aware­ness considerably . ”
But he con­cedes that North Carolina ’s econ­o­my relies on the mil­i­tary .
​ “ A lot of peo­ple do n’t draw a dis­tinc­tion between the mil­i­tary and Black­wa­ter , ” Stall­berg says .
​ “ It ’s like a career path :
You come out of the mil­i­tary and you ’ve not been trained for any­thing else so Black­wa­ter takes advan­tage of that . ”
Con­gress is not like­ly to abol­ish or lim­it the pow­er of mil­i­tary con­trac­tors .
As an alter­na­tive , PMC oppo­nents are con­sid­er­ing tak­ing the fight to the courts .
They argue that use of pri­vate con­trac­tors in law enforce­ment vio­lates the Posse Comi­ta­tus Act , which for­bids the fed­er­al gov­ern­ment from using the mil­i­tary for law enforcement .
Xe ’s year may not be going as bad­ly as it appeared at first , but its oppo­nents say that they are in for the long haul too .
According to Fortune ’s respectable Apple 2.0 blog , the Palm Pre has a rather sneaky trick up its sleeve .
First , a reminder of the main reason for the iPod ’s original success : iTunes .
The “ vertical integration ” of iTunes ( for organization ) and the iPod ( for playback ) was a killer combo .
In order to work as well , the Pre needs something like iTunes .
So what about iTunes itself ?
That ’s the Pre ’s trick — it will sync with Apple ’s own software .
Fortune :
Plug a
Pre into a Mac and it syncs , seamlessly , with Apple ’s ( AAPL ) iTunes .
It wo n’t pick up iPhone applications , of course , or older , Fairplay DRM ’ed music , but everything else should just work .
The Pre team is full of ex-Apple engineers , so they should certainly know the strings that need to be pulled inside iTunes to get this working .
It does it by faking out iTunes , making the jukebox software think that it is connected to a real iPod .
Hook it up and you ’ll be given three options : USB mass storage device , charging only or iTunes sync .
This is a ballsy move from Palm , and we totally love it : a big fat middle finger at Apple .
Apple will , we are sure , be readying its legal attack dogs as I write , and do n’t be at all surprised if an iTunes update pops up around June 6th .
This fight just got a lot more interesting .
UPDATE : Here 's the official line from Palm :
Palm media sync is a feature of webOS that synchronizes seamlessly with iTunes , giving you a simple and easy way to transfer DRM - free music , photos and videos to your Palm Pre .
( 2 ) Simply connect
Pre to your PC or Mac via the USB cable , select " media sync " on the phone , and iTunes will launch on your computer desktop .
You can then choose which DRM - free media files to transfer .
Scooplet : the Palm Pre syncs with iTunes [ Fortune Apple2.0 ]
Photoshop job : Charlie Sorrel
This Sriracha Recipe is customizable to your taste buds , whether it be more tangy , spicy , salty and savory , this homemade sriracha recipe is super easy to make .
How to Make Homemade Sriracha Hot Sauce
Twitter got me into some big trouble .
Last week , I innocently twittered a photograph of some Vietnamese condiments for a Viet Nhậu ( tapas ) party we were having for one of our Supper Club Dinners .
In that picture , there were some yummy , traditional Vietnamese toppings of scallion oil confit , fried crispy shallots and many more goodies I prepared for the evenings feast .
But I never thought a simple Twitter mention of “ homemade sriracha hot sauce ” would cause such a commotion , create incessant demands for the recipe , and getting all the love and attention over the other toppings .
I knew Sriracha style hot sauce was popular , but a cult following ?
Never .
So yes , that ’s what I ’ll call it from now on , Cult Sriracha .
When I first made this sauce a while back , I asked myself :
What makes Huy Fong ’s Sriracha , this ubiquitous Asian , cock - labeled chili sauce so popular ?
It ’s just a chili condiment in a squirt bottle for god sakes and there ’s a gazillion different brands out there on the market .
But I myself , can confess to squeezing the dickens out of this bottle of orange / reddish gold goodness .
It ’s like a prized commodity when it hits the palate and gives incredible sensations of heat , sweet and tang .
Sriracha has the perfect balance of all flavors : delicate spice combined with sweet and garlicky tangy undertones that make it perfect in almost any dish .
Video : Homemade Sriracha Hot Sauce Recipe :
Huy Fong ’s Sriracha is n’t too spicy to where it will cause beads of sweat to roll down one ’s face , nor is it claiming to be “ hotter than a motha ” and attempt to cause a brain concussion .
Neither is it trying to break records with the million scoville scale mark , nor is it trying to keep you on the toilet for the entire morning after .
Being the fresh sauce addict that I am and loving to create outside the bottle , I wanted to re-create my own Sriracha recipe in my own kitchen and customize the spice / sweet / tang layers to my own preferences .
I can take a little more heat in my sriracha recipe than most and I wanted to raise the spicy bar in the sauce to accommodate not just my own taste buds , but also for my chili loving friends .
Give me more spice in my hot sauce and I ’ll be a very , very good girl .
YOU MUST MAKE THIS SRIRACHA RECIPE .
This is not only so easy , it ’s so fresh tasting from all the fresh chilies !
I was able to find the right balance of the sugar , vinegar and spice , all blended together to get the smooth , hot sauce consistency .
Unlike some other chili sauces with the seeds and peels still coarsely evident , I used tomato sauce as the base to help blend the sauce together and keep it more like the Sriracha consistency .
It ’s smooth , pretty and delicious .
This homemade chili sauce sings sweet and spicy songs in your mouth , while being kind to your body with the perfect amount of heat .
Easy Sriracha Recipe
As with any recipe , you can tailor this to your own palate to create your own version of the sauce .
I know some folks like their hot sauce to counter balance the heat with a little more sugar and some like more of the vinegary tang .
Go for it and customize all those balancing elements to your body ’s tolerance .
Personally , I ’ve added a touch ( just a slight “ Diane spicy style ” touch ) to my version for that extra little kick of heat .
Last but not least , please do n’t skimp out on any of the ingredients , especially the fish sauce .
The fish sauce adds the savory , salty and umami depth to this recipe .
With out the fish sauce , this chili hot sauce does n’t have the exciting umami layer of flavor that I can taste in the original Sriracha .
For vegetarians , you can replace the fish sauce with a soy sauce .
All of the listed ingredients come together beautifully to harmonize the flavor and texture of this hot sauce and without them , I would n’t dare call it “ Sriracha style ” .
Hope this rocks your spicy hot sauce world !
- Diane
Here ’s my personal recipe for Vietnamese Fish Sauce Dip and click here for all our popular Vietnamese Recipes that are sometimes traditional and definitely sometimes not .
Asparagus Bacon Spring Rolls Recipe Here .
Garlic Chicken Spring Rolls Recipe Here .
Bacon Lettuce Tomato Spring Rolls Recipe Here .
Turkey Avocado Spring Rolls Recipe Here .
This recipe was originally published in 2009 and re-published in 2019 with a new video .
Watch how it ’s made !
Print Recipe 5 from 1 vote Sriracha Recipe - Homemade Chili Sriracha Hot Sauce Very Important -
Make sure to cook in a well ventilated kitchen .
The chilies will fill the air with spice .
Makes about 1 cup
This recipe all varies depending on the chili's ( red jalapenos , habanero's , etc ... ) .
Every chili pepper has a different heat level , so you must be the judge of the amount of spice you prefer .
Start your first batch with smaller chili pepper quantities to familiarize yourself with the heat level of your chili peppers .
Prep Time 15 mins Cook Time 15 mins Total Time 30 mins Servings : 8 ounces ( approx . )
Calories : 57 kcal Ingredients 1 cup ( 100 g ) Thai red chili peppers * Start with less ( about half ) if you want a more mild , gentle hot sauce
4 - 5 cloves ( 4 cloves ) Garlic , crushed or minced
3 - 4 medium ( 3 medium ) Shallots , minced ( @ 1/2 cup minced )
1 Tablespoon ( 15 ml ) Vegetable Oil
15 ounces ( 425 g ) Tomato Sauce ( @ 1 3/4 cups )
1 Tablespoon ( 15 ml ) Fish Sauce ( do n't skimp out on this ! ) or use Soy Sauce , if you can , try to use the Fish Sauce .
3 Tablespoons ( 45 ml ) Rice Vinegar
3 Tablespoons ( 45 ml ) Sugar Instructions
Remove stems of chili peppers , rinse clean .
Blot dry with paper towel .
Wearing rubber gloves , mince the chili peppers .
The smaller the cut , the smoother your final sauce will be .
In sauce pan , heat oil then add minced garlic and shallots .
Over medium heat , saute for about 2 - 3 minutes or until light brown and fragrant ( do n't burn your garlic ! )
Add tomato sauce and minced chili peppers .
Add fish sauce , vinegar , and sugar .
Mix well .
Let sauce come to a simmer then lower heat to keep at a low simmer .
Continue simmering sauce for about 5 minutes .
This will break down the chili peppers and soften them to create the smooth consistency .
Remove from heat and allow to cool completely .
Transfer sauce to blender and blend until smooth or until most of the chili pepper skin and seeds break down - preferably on the " liquefy " mode .
Taste the hot sauce .
Further customize the hot sauce to your liking : add more sugar , vinegar or water .
Blend one last time until smooth .
Pour into clean , air tight jar and refrigerate .
Use within about 1 week .
Video Nutrition Calories : 57 kcal | Carbohydrates : 9 g | Protein : 1 g | Fat : 1 g | Saturated Fat : 1 g | Sodium : 456 mg | Potassium : 252 mg | Fiber : 1 g | Sugar : 7 g | Vitamin A : 450 IU | Vitamin C : 49.7 mg | Calcium : 13 mg | Iron : 0.8 mg Tried this recipe ?
Let us know how it was !
In his excellent article “ Bad Regulation Drives Out Good ” Mr. Richman makes the point that government regulation does n't work very well .
One thing that he does n't mention is how Sen.
Charles Schumer ( D - NY ) is actually advocating secret government .
While describing regulatory changes on MSNBC's “ Morning Joe ” the senator states :
There will be a strong , quiet , hopefully more unified federal regulator .
And he 's gonna be tough–or she .
But they 're gonna be quiet .
So like when Bear Stearns began to run into trouble , they 're gonna call the heads of Bear Stearns in and say , “ All right fellas , you 're getting rid of those two hedge funds ; you 're gonna raise more capital even if means you have lower profitability .
We 're not gonna tell anyone you 're doing this , but you do it or we 're gonna take sanctions against you . ”
Why does Schumer think we need “ quiet ” regulators that are n't “ gonna tell anyone you 're doing this ” ?
Since when is government supposed to operate in the shadows out of public view ?
This is nothing short of advocating an unaccountable , tyrannical , and corrupt government .
Have we really sunk so low that he thinks he can get away with this ?
Believe it or not , it gets worse .
The senator goes on to say , “ You need a tough , strong regulator , unified — no holes in the system — who sees the problem ahead of time , so they have complete transparency , they know exactly what 's going on ” .
In Schumer 's dream world the government gets to know everything that private companies are doing , “ no holes in the system “ , while the same “ tough , strong regulator , unified ” gets to operate in secret !
Transparency will only apply to the private sector , not the government .
The real reason for regulation is now nakedly revealed .
It 's not about protecting the people , it 's about controlling them .
As Ayn Rand wrote , “ We are fast approaching the stage of the ultimate inversion : the stage where the government is free to do anything it pleases , while the citizens may act only by permission ; which is the stage of the darkest periods of human history , the stage of rule by brute force . ”
We can't let this nightmare come to pass .
Keith Moon of The Who has been voted the number one legendary drummer of all time in a poll by 106.1 Rock Radio .
Superb prices on musical instruments
drums in the radio station 's fantasy supergroup .
Black Sabbath 's Tony Iommi has already been named on lead guitar , beating Jimi Hendrix and Chuck Berry to the spot .
Meanwhile , Led Zeppelin's Robert Plant was voted lead vocalist , ahead of the Small Faces ' Steve Marriott and Jon Bon Jovi .
Voting has been running all week , with the bass guitar player set to be appointed today ( March 26th ) .
Moon regularly places high in best drummer lists and ranked second in a top 50 rock drummers poll conducted by Stylus Magazine in 2007 .
The publication stated that I Can See For Miles , The Ox and Young Man's Blues gave the best examples of the drummer 's genius .
Save money on Drum Kits today .
( CNN ) -- Craigslist will replace its controversial online " erotic services " listings with a section where ads are individually checked by Craigslist employees before they are posted , according to Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal .
Craigslist will replace its " erotic services " listings with ads that are screened by the site 's employees .
The popular classified - ad Web site , which Blumenthal called " a blatant Internet brothel , " has been accused by law enforcement officials across the United States of promoting prostitution through its erotic ads .
" Craigslist is heeding our clear call for conscience and common sense , sending a strong signal that Internet sites must police themselves to protect others , " Blumenthal said .
Craigslist representatives met in New York last week with Blumenthal and the attorneys general of Missouri and Illinois , all of whom asked the company to shut down its " erotic services " sections in their states .
Cook County , Illinois , Sheriff Thomas Dart called Craigslist " the single largest source of prostitution in the nation . "
" As head of the multistate attorney general task force , " Blumenthal said , " I was informed by Craigslist late last night that it will eliminate the ' erotic services ' section within seven days , create a new section called ' adult services ' and manually review every ad posted there to bar flagrant prostitution and pornography . "
Listen to Blumenthal talk to CNN Radio about the change »
" So far , it looks like we 've struck the right balance , and most of the feedback we 're getting right now is positive , " Craigslist CEO Jim Buckmaster told CNN's " American Morning . "
He said his company does not view the law enforcement community 's involvement as pressure .
" We 're looking for constructive criticism , and certainly we 've been getting plenty of that , " Buckmaster said .
Do n't Miss State vows criminal action over Craigslist sex ads
Craigslist executives released a statement Wednesday confirming the change , which it said will take place after current ads expire in seven days .
New ads in the " adult services " section " will be opened for postings by legal adult service providers , " the company said .
" Each posting to this new category will be manually reviewed before appearing on the site , to ensure compliance with Craigslist posting guidelines and terms of use , " it said .
Advertisers will pay a $ 10 fee for each new ad , it said .
Blumenthal said state agencies will keep a close eye on the Web site and others " to make sure prostitution and pornography do not migrate and move elsewhere . "
" We will be monitoring closely to make sure that this measure is more than a name change from ' erotic ' to ' adult ' and that the manual blocking is tough and effective to scrub prostitution and pornography , " he said .
Craiglist CEO speaks Craiglist CEO Jim Buckmaster talks to CNN's John Roberts Thursday morning .
6 a.m. ET see full schedule »
" Our continuing investigation will assure that these steps are substance , not just spin , and that Craigslist really shuts down its open online red- light district . "
Craigslist drew attention recently after a 23 - year - old medical student was charged in the death of a masseuse in a Boston , Massachusetts , hotel room and in a hotel assault in Rhode Island .
Police have said it appeared that the attacker in both cases had responded to the victims ' Craigslist ads .
The Craigslist statement said ads on its site have been associated with " far lower rates of violent crime than print classifieds , let alone rates of violent crime pertaining to American society as a whole . "
It suggested that the online ads are safer because of verification measures , community monitoring , the electronic trail left by those using the site and Craigslist 's cooperation with investigators .
In November , Craigslist entered into an agreement with more than 40 attorneys general and the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children to add safeguards to combat unlawful activity and improve public safety .
As part of the reforms , Craigslist agreed to implement credit card verification , assess a fee and require a phone number from people posting " erotic services . "
All About Craigslist Inc. • Internet • Pornography
This image has been flagged for review and is only visible to moderators !
This picture has been deleted and is only visible to administrators !
https://cdn.imagefap.com/images/full/40/169/1691048907.jpg?end=1601569674&secure=0157cdfa6f157ba9bd69d
You can navigate using your keyboard
Loading ...
BEIJING – A criminal court in Beijing sentenced a man to three years in jail this week for giving away Bibles .
By all accounts , Shi Weihan was a model Chinese citizen and a kind - hearted man with a sense of social responsibility .
He donated funds to send poor kids to school , raised money for those suffering from congenital heart disease , and when the Sichuan earthquake hit , worked tirelessly for the emergency relief effort .
But he was also the pastor of a " house church " group , a small gathering of Christians who choose to worship outside the gaze of government and its Religious Affairs Administration , which keeps a close eye and tight rein on all churches in China .
His wife and 65 - year - old parents were crushed and his two young daughters , 13 and 9 , were inconsolable when they heard about the sentence .
" The children just cannot accept it , " says Zhang Jing , Shi Weihan 's wife .
" Their father is their biggest hero .
They cried uncontrollably .
They could n't believe their father was convicted like an ordinary criminal . "
Shi was also fined 150,000 Chinese yuan ( about $ 25,000 ) .
Six others who stood trial with him received lesser sentences .
Despite a constitution that guarantees freedom of speech , of the press , of assembly and even of religious belief , religious activities in China remain strictly monitored by the Communist Party government and for those who dare to operate outside of that control – there are punishments .
Shi Weihan 's is one such case .
His staunch Christian belief and his humanitarian work in the countryside brought him into contact with many other " believers , " his wife explains , and he learned that there was a dearth of Bibles in rural China .
That inspired him to spread the word , she says .
" He saw that we shared the same belief with those poor people , " she notes , " and they did n't have access to Bibles . "
Shi 's lawyer , Zhang Xingshui argued in court earlier this year that despite the fact that the Bible is , the most printed book in the world , that , " there is not a single bookstore in China where one can buy Bibles or other gospel books . "
Believers can only buy Bibles in churches approved and watched over by the government .
So , together with a group of friends who ran a printing shop in downtown Beijing , Shi began printing and distributing Bibles for free .
The government first swooped down on him in Nov. 2007 and charged him with illegally running a business operation with the purpose of " gaining illegal profits . "
He was released , rearrested and finally tried this year .
" Shi Weihan is a devout Christian , " lawyer Zhang told the court during a hearing in April , explaining that his client printed the Bibles and other religious books with money raised by other church - goers .
He said they follow Christ 's teachings to " love others as they love themselves , which is beneficial for social stability and harmony . "
China 's President Hu Jintao has repeatedly stressed that " stability " and the creation of a " harmonious society " are the Communist Party government 's paramount goals .
Shi 's lawyer repeatedly stressed that " teaching people to be benevolent , tolerant and loving to all people , " could only help the government and China to achieve those goals .
And he went further , citing a speech by the late Chinese leader Mao Zedong , defending religious freedom .
" On April 24 , 1945 , Mao Zedong said in , ' On United Government ' , " a report he delivered at the Seventh Communist Party of China National Congress , that " People 's freedom of speech , press , assembly association , thinking , faith and personal freedom are the most important types of freedom . "
But the court 's prosecutor argued that even if Shi had not sold the Bibles for " illegally gained profits , " he contravened the government 's " Regulations on the Administration of Publications , " which states that only companies " approved by the state , " were allowed to publish anything in China .
Shi's wife , Zhang Jing explained Friday that her husband had made application to the government to win such approval .
" But the government rejected the application , " she said .
Defence lawyer Zhang countered that such regulations were clearly unconstitutional , as they violated rights guaranteed in the Chinese constitution itself .
" Citizens ' freedom of press means freedom of expression , copying and publication without the approval of the state , " he argued .
" One should not punish people with criminal law for their religious activities , " he told the court .
Lawyer Zhang Xingshui was not in the court to hear the verdict this week .
His licence has been suspended by the government department that oversees lawyer licensing .
Shi's wife said she feared his licence had been suspended for having taken on her husband 's case .
Reached by phone , Zhang Xingshui declined to be interviewed , saying he was still hoping to have the suspension of his licence overturned .
Shi's wife was asked whether she would be seeking another lawyer to launch an appeal .
" There might not be another lawyer who would take this case , " she said , " because it deals with religion . "
こ こ10年ほど、企業から受注したソフトウェアやウェブアプリケーションなどを主に開発し、一般向けのアプリケーションは全く手を出していなかった。コストやサポートなど、いろいろな理由が挙げられるが、一番は「欲しいもの＝作りたいものが無い」からだ。少なくともパソコン上では、有料・無料、大規模・小規模を別問題にすれば、筆者がやりたい事に対応できるアプリケーションは出揃ってしまった。それらを使えば十分遊びも仕事もこなすことが出来る。
そんな中登場したのがiPhoneだ。携帯電話の皮を被ったMac OS Xとも言えるこの機器、単体でも付属するアプリケーションの使い勝手は良い上に、Appleが運営するApp Storeで世界に向けアプリケーションの配布・販売も可能！「これはなかなか面白そう」と、あるAppを企画・開発した。今回はこの開発記をお届けする。
Text by Kazuhisa Nishikawa
● 2008年6月末頃の 話
i Phone 3G 、日本では2008年7月11日に発売だったが、米国などでは既に販売済み。たまたま海外版iPhoneを持っていた友人が居たので連絡して見せてもらった。当然電話としては使えないので、iPod touch＋αと言った雰囲気となる。いろいろな機能がある中、筆者的に興味があったのは仕事柄「カメラ」だった。iPhoneのカメラは実にシンプルで、シャッターを押す以外は何もユーザーが操作する部分は無い。つまり「AF無しのパンフォーカス」、「オートホワイトバランスのみ」、「露出補正無し」。現在のコンパクトカメラや携帯電話を見る限り、かなり割り切った仕様だ。しかし200万画素とは言え、写り自体は悪くなく、少しデータを触れば見栄えのする写真となりそうだった。
当時思いついたのは、携帯電話のカメラにもよくある編集で以下の通り。
1 ) 画像補正
明るさ/コントラスト、色温度調整、色相/彩度など
2 ) エフェクト
モノクロ/セピアなど
3 ) 画像操作
リサイズ、回転、トリンミグ
4 ) 遊び系
プチエステ、フレーム加工、スタンプ、文字入れ
※6月27日のメモよりそのまま抜粋
こんな機能を持 つAppを作れば面白そうだと言う事だ。日本時間の7月10日にApp Storeがオープンしたので、調べたところ「写真」カテゴリ内にAppは20本。各Appの説明を見る限り、類似するものは無く、これは作るしかないとプロジェクトにGoがかかった。
●iPhone Appを作るには
i Phone Appを作るには「 iPhone Developer Program」へ登録し、「 iPhone SDK 」 、「 Mac OS Xの10.5.4以降をインストールし たIntel Mac」が必要となる。PowerPCを搭載したMacやMac OS X 10.4 系 のTigerでは動かないので注意が必要だ。現在SDKの最新版は2009年1月7日にリリースされた2.2.1。ご存知のようにもうすぐOSが3.0になるため、このバージョンのSDKは2.2.1で打ち止めになる可能性がある。
「 iPhone SDK 」 に含まれるの は 「 Xcode 」 、「 Interface Builder 」 、「 iPhone シミュレータ」などが主要部分だ。Xcodeは統合開発環境、Interface Builderはパネルやボタンなどリソース部分を設計、iPhoneシミュレータは、Mac OS X上で動くiPhone環境となる。この中で、今となってはほとんどプログラムが出来ない筆者でも触れる部分は、Interface BuilderとiPhoneシミュレータだ。従ってアイコンやデザイン、作動チェック、その他開発以外の部分が担当となる。
またiPhoneシミュレータはSafariも入っているので、「iPhoneでHPをアクセスするとどう見えるか?」と言う確認もでき、自分が関係しているサイトの最適化にも役立った。ウェブ関連でiPhone対応する場合は、このiPhoneシミュレータ目当てでSDKをダウンロードするのもありだろう。
話は少し前後するが、はじめてiPhone Developer ProgramからiPhone SDKをダウンロードしたのは6月10日だった。エンジニアに「iPhone
Appを作るかも知れないので勉強して欲しいと」渡し、サンプルプログラムなどを触り勉強してもらっていた。ちなみに担当したエンジニアは、Perl、PHP、Ruby、JavaScriptはもちろん、C++、C#、Java、各種フレームワーク、SQLなどの経験者。結構なスキルを持っているものの、環境がMac、言語がObjective-C、そして膨大な英語で書かれたAPI、加えてまだ参考にできるものが無く、手探りの状態だったので結構苦労した様子だ。実際にAppに着手したのは8月に入ってからなので、約2カ月の勉強期間(と言っても仕事の合間にしているため、実質はもっと短い)。それなりにハードルは高い。
この「 iPhone Developer Program 」 、Appを開発しSDK付属の「 iPhoneシミュレータ」上での作動チェックをするだけなら無料で利用できる。実機でのチェック及び、App Storeを使った配布・販売に関しては有料だ。有料と言っても購入は簡単。iTunesを使い楽曲を購入するのと同じ感覚でポチッとなするだけ(スタンダードプログラム
10,800円、エンタープライズプログラム
33,800円、各1年間)。特に面倒な手続きなどは無く価格もそれほど高くない。
有料会員になるとこれまでiPhone Developer Programで見えなかったり、アクセス出来なかったりしていた部分が操作可能となり、実機でテスト、もしくはApp Storeに掲載するのに必要なファイルや情報を設定/取得できるようになる。
●開発開 始
当時競合す るAppも無かったので、機能の違いで無料版と有料版を作る予定だった。機能としては以下の通りで、(0 ) ( 1) は無料版、( 0 ) ( 1)( 2)(3) は有料版と分けた。またAppの名前も考えていなかったため、とりあえず安直に「ImageEditor」とした。
(0)写真フォルダもしくはカメラから入力、写真フォルダへJPEGで保存
( 1) 画像操 作
リサイズ、回転、トリンミグ
( 2) 画像補 正
明るさ/コントラスト、色温度調整、色相/彩度
( 3) エフェク ト
モノクロ /セピア
この時、苦労したのは、プログラミングもさる事ながら、筆者のイメージをエンジニアに伝える事だった。画像系の開発経験が無く、写真では一般用語の上に挙げたようなキーワードが、元の写真から実際どうなれば正解なのかが分からないと言う。そこで、PC上で画像編集ソフトを起動し、各機能の説明、理解してもらった。動きさえ分かれば参考文献などでロジックを調べ実装する工程に入る。この時、一気に作るのではなく、各機能毎にサンプルAppを作ってもらい、それを筆者がチェック……当面はこの繰り返しだ。作動OKのサンプルAppが1つ1つ出来上がり、全機能分揃ったところで、本体への組み込みとなる。
そしてそろそろ開発も最終段階に入った2008年9月中旬に「リーマン・ショック」。筆者の会社もモロに影響を受け、予定していた大口の開発案件が全て凍結。自社開発のアプリケーションを作っている場合では無くなり、開発は一旦中断する。その後少しずつはやっていたものの、再開したのは正月休み前後からだった。ただこの3カ月の差は結構大きく、既にこの時、類似する強力なAppが何本かあり、このままリリースしても勝ち目は無いため、仕様の見直しに入った。
最終的に決まった仕様は以下の通り。エフェクト系の「落書き」、「モザイク」が見直した部分となる。これは他のAppを調べた結果、これはあってもこれは無い……という機能が見られ、その一番使用頻度が高そうなエフェクトを2つをチョイスしたのだ。App的にiPhoneのカメラで撮影、回転やリサイズ、トリミング、明るさ・コントラストを調整し、BLOGへアップロードすると言った用途を想定している。この時、不要なものが映り込みモザイク処理したり、落書きで一筆書くのも考えられる。ユーザーインターフェイスは説明書いらずで見れば分かるものとした。従って地味(iPhoneっぽくない!?)であるが、操作はシンプルになっている。またiPod touchはカメラが無いので撮影は出来ないものの、写真フォルダにあるデータを読み込み加工、保存することが可能だ。
・編集系
リサイズ、回転、トリミング、ホワイトバランス、彩度、明るさ・コントラスト
・エフェクト 系
モノトー ン( セピア / RGB独立 ) 、モノクローム( 特殊なフィルタ)、落書き、モザイク
・設定
編集解像度( 入力時に指定の解像度へ自動変換する )
更に予定していた無料版と有料版を別けるのは止め、一定期間無料で公開し、その後有料化する作戦とした。これは当初よりAppの数が膨大に増えており、レビューも付かず埋もれてしまうのを避けるためだ。
余談になるが 、Appの名前は、筆者が運営しているSNS、blue.jpの仲間にいろいろ案を頂き、その中から「PhotoCooker」が選ばれた。呼びやすい名前、写真を調理と言う造語としての分かりやすさ、同名のアプリケーションやサイトが無いことなどがその理由となる。この場を借りてお礼意を述べたい。
モノトーンとモノクロームは、同じ白黒化でもその方法が異なり結果が違う。個人的にちょっと拘った部分だったりする。また少し特殊なのは「トリミング」だ。「任意の位置」から「任意のサイズ」へと言うのが一般的だと思われるものの、あの画面を使い指で操作するのは面倒なので、任意の位置から決まったサイズ(元画像より小さい、XGA/SVGA/VGA/iPhone/QVGA)比率は4:3に固定で、縦か横に切り取る。この件は賛否両論あるだろうが、筆者的には「iPhoneでPhotoshopの小型版を作っても……」と思い、現状の仕様になっている。
こうし てAppを登録したのが今年の3月24日。予定より5カ月遅れとなってしまった。ただ最終段階で結構いろいろ苦労した。
□ PhotoCooker
http://itunes.apple.com/WebObjects/MZStore.woa/wa/viewSoftware?id=309629842&mt=8
●開発で苦労した 点
一番に挙げるとすれば、iPhoneシミュレータと実機での動きの違いだろう。作動チェックで使っている実機は、iPhone 3G/16GBとiPod touch 32GB。シミュレータでは問題無く表示しているにも関わらず、実機になると色がおかしいと言う問題があった。Bit単位でRGBの演算している部分が全て変な発色をする。いろいろ触っていて「ピン！」と来たのが「バイトオーダーが逆なのでは?」だ。シミュレータはIntel CPUでの擬似作動、実機はARM11系CPUだ。試しにバイトオーダーを逆にしたものを作ったところ、実機はOKとなり、逆にシミュレータ上で同じ現象が発生した。調べてみると動作環境を取得するAPIがあるので、これを使い判断、バイトオーダーにより演算に違いが出る部分へ適応した。この問題は組込み系の開発経験者なら直ぐ分かる話であるが、ずっとIntel CPUで普通のアプリケーションを開発していたエンジニアだとなかなか気が付かない点だと思われる。
次にメモリリーク。iPhone上で動くアプリケーションは、メモリの取得・開放を自分で管理しなければならない(リファレンスカウンタを用いたメモリ管理)。これをし損ねるとリリースするタイミングやメモリ環境が厳しい実機ではいとも簡単にクラッシュしてしまうのだ。ところがシミュレータ上では、そこまで厳密に環境を再現していない関係で少々メモリリークがあってもAppは落ちず、気付かない上に、デバッグしようにもメモリリークしている場所が特定出来ないのでソースコードやリソースモニタとのにらめっことなる。更にiPhoneとiPod touchでメモリーの空き状況が違うのか、再現したりしなかったり……。筆者はiPhoneでチェック、エンジニアはiPod touchでチェックしていたのだが、筆者がバグレポートしてもエンジニアは再現しない!
となることは結構あった。
メモリ関連でもう1つ。クリーンな状態でiPhoneが使えるフリーエリアは50MB前後。但し、iPodやSafari、メールが起動している状態だと使用可能メモリは激減する。画像処理はオリジナルのデータへ同じサイズの何かを重ね演算することが多いため、どうしても扱う解像度の数倍の作業メモリが必要となる。演算のロジックにもよるが、実験してみると1,024×768ドット程度だと安全圏。それ以上は状況次第と言った感じだ。多分他の画像処理系のAppで最大1,024×768ドットになっているのが多いのもこの関係からだと思われる。そこでリリース直前に開発当初からずっとあった「1つ前の状態をメモリに保持する[Undo]ボタン」を削除し少しでも作業エリアを増やし、更に[設定]ボタンを追加。写真フォルダーもしくはカメラから写真を読み込むタイミングで自動的にリサイズする機能を付けた。「リミットなし」はそのまま入力だ。つまりカメラで撮影した場合は、1,600×1,200ドットとなる。この解像度の場合、メモリの状況によって「落書き」と「モザイク」が落ちる事があるため、[メニュー]のこの2つは黄色になるよう、バージョン1.0.3で修正している。同じく1.0.3ではモザイクのロジックを大幅に変更し、メモリ使用量を低減した。
そして最後は実行速度だ。特に画像処理系の演算は、シミュレータではサクサク動いているのに、実機では数秒かかる処理が結構あった。ロジックを変更し少しでも速くするチューニングや、演算中ハングアップではない事が分かるようにアニメーションを入れたりと、細かい作業が必要となった。
● App Store公開への道の り
こうして出来上がっ たAppをApp Storeへ公開するにはiTunes Connectを使いまた別の工程が必要となる。基本全て英語。また無料か有料かで必要な項目が変わる。
まず無料の場合は比較的簡単 「コンタクト情報」を入力するだけとなる。iPhone
Developer Programのアカウント情報から自動的に内容をコピーしているのでそれを設定して行くだけだ。これさえ終われば無料Appの登録が可能となる。
有料の場合は加えて 「 銀行情報 」 と「税金情報」を設定する必要がある。銀行に関しては具体的は何処までOKかは分からないが「SWIFTコード」(国際銀行間金融通信協会が世界の銀行を特定するために定められたた番号)を持っているメガバンクは大丈夫そうだ。入力する項目でアカウント・タイプがあり「FUTSU」、即ち普通預金(当座もある)と書いてあったのには笑ってしまったが……。税金情報に関しては「W-8BEN」と言う書類を提出しなければならない。この辺りの話は検索すれば山ほど出てくるので探して欲しい。
この時、筆者の場合、もともとiPhone Developer Programを登録する時に使った、Appleアカウントの個人情報を日本語で書いていたこともあり(かなり前にiTunes用に作ったアカウントなのでそんな事は忘れていた)、部分的に日本語が残ったままになっている。何度かサポートに変更のお願いメールを出しているのだがまだ変更されていない。いずれにしても銀行/税金情報に関してはウェブからは一発勝負、やり直しが出来ず、変更はメール(英語)でのやり取りとなるので、慎重に行なった方が良い。
さて 、App自体の登録であるが、最低限必要なものは、「 App Store 用( Distribution Provisioning Profileが付い たReleaseビルド ) ビルドしたバイナリ をZIP 化したファイル 」 、 「 アプリケーション名 」、「説明 」 、「サポート用のサイト及びメールアドレス」、「アイコンデータ」、「スクリーンショット」となる。注意が必要なのはアイコンデータだ。これは何故か解像度512×512ドットの巨大なデータが必要となる。Appのリソースで使うのは57×57ドットなので、それでデザインしてしまうと後で泣きを見る。筆者も後から気が付いてアイコンデータは作り直した。PhotoCookerのアイコンは簡単なデザインなのでまだ良かったが……。「配布(販売)する国」の設定も忘れてはならない。有料の場合は加えて、「価格」を設定する。
この配布(販売) する国であるが、Appを登録するウィザードの初めに「デフォルトの言語」を設定する部分がある。もし日本以外の国でも配布・販売を考えているのなら、デフォルトの言語を日本語とすると後々面倒なことになる。ワールドワイドで販売する仕掛けは、各国毎に先に挙げた説明やスクリーンショットをそれぞれ用意し、各国のApp Storeからアクセスすると該当する説明とスクリーンショットが表示されるのだ。ただ何十カ国ものデータを用意するのはかなり大変(と言うか事実上無理)。日本だけ日本語、他の国は英語で簡素化したい。この場合、何も情報を入力せずブランクになっている国は「デフォルトの言語」＝日本語が選ばれてしまうのだ。従って、デフォルト言語は英語、日本だけ情報を入力、他の国はブランクとすれば、日本のApp Storeだけ日本語で、他の国のApp Storeは全て英語で表示される。後で変更できればいいのだが、今のところ変更は不可となっている。
PhotoCookerに関しては後でこの件が判明したので、デフォルトの言語が日本語になって失敗している。仕方なく日本語のページに日本語英語混在の説明を書き、プライマリのスクリーンショットは日本語の画面、追加画面に英語のものを入れとりあえず一本化し、他の国はブランクとしている。ちなみにApp本体は、開発中かなりの間、英語版のみだった。登録寸前に日本語メニューを追加している。言語環境が日本語以外は自動的に英語メニューへ切り替わる。
こうして無事登録が終わっても実はもうヒト山ある。それは「Appleのレビュー待ち」。つまり同社のレギュレーションに引っかかっていないかのチェックが入るのだ。アダルト系、同社が認めていないジャンルのアプリケーション、特許や登録商標、知的所有権などに該当しないか……などがその対象となるようだ。実は最初のバージョンを登録した時、これに当たってしまい1回修正を行なっている。具体的な内容はここでは触れないが、いきなり落とされるのではなく理由を書いたメール(英語)が送られて来た。英語が苦手な筆者はウェブ翻訳で内容を理解、そして日本語を同サイトで英語に翻訳して返事を送り、修正したAppを再登録して無事受理された。また送った返事に対する連絡もレスポンスが早くしかも丁寧な内容で結構驚いてしまった。App 1本1本にこの作業を行なっているとすると膨大なマンパワーが必要となる。基準が不明瞭などいろいろ言われているこのレビューであるが、担当者の苦労が思いやられる。
●公開後
こうしてバージョ ン1.0.0を再登録し、App Storeに載ったのは4月16日。ただリリース直後にメモリリークが見つかり、即修正、1.0.1を21日に登録、28日に公開、細かいバグを修正した1.0.2を28日に登録、5月2日に公開、最終的にチューニングした1.0.3を5月15日に登録、22日に公開している。これからも分かるように、最短だと5日、最長でも1週間で登録、レビュー、公開という日程となる。
ただタイミング的に1.0.3を登録する時は、現在開発者に配布されているOS
3.0β上で動かないとリジェクトするというお達しがAppleから出ており、大丈夫かなと思っていたが無事掲載され、ほっと一安心だ。
ゴールデンウィーク中の5月6日まで無料、7日から230円の有料にしたのだが、この時、嬉しい誤算があった。期間限定の無料にしたのは「ブランディング」を意識してのこと。ただ正直、神Appの「CameraKit」、AppleのCMにも出ていた「 Photogene」など強力なAppが存在する写真カテゴリ。「写真・無料カテゴリでトップ10内に入れば良い方だな……。」と思っていたところ、5月に入って直ぐからいろいろなiPhone関連のサイトで紹介されて、グングン順位が上がりはじめ、5月3日には写真・無料カテゴリで1位に。サポートのリンク先になっていた会社のHPも徐々にアクセス数が増え始めている。もともと大した情報を掲載していなかったので「これはマズイ」と、更新する内容も無くほとんど放置していたXOOPSのシステムを、急遽メンテナンスし易いWordPressへ入れ替え、各種情報を登録、体制を整えた。バージョン1.0.0ではメモリリークが残っていて大変迷惑をかけてしまったが、1.0.1以降は徐々に評価も上がって行った。
評価は筆者が考えていた通りで、撮影し加工、不要なものをモザイク処理、もしくは一筆入れ、BLOGへそのままアップロードと言う用途が多いようだ。類似するAppが出るのは時間の問題だと思われるものの、この一連の作業を1つのAppで出来るのは現在のところPhotoCookerしかない。
そして5月6日には総合・無料カテゴリで「ニコニコ動画App」を抜いて遂に1位!
少し前、1位がニコニコ動画Appだっただけに「1位は絶対無理」と思っていた。予想もしなかった出来事にスタッフ一同大喜びだ。
このPhotoCooker、残念ながら有料化直後から、じわじわ順位は落ちて行き、今や25位圏外になってしまった。ただ今回思ったのは、このApp Storeは実に面白い仕掛けだ。それは個人、企業、その規模の大小に関係無く、同じ土俵でアイディアと技術のみで勝負できる環境だと言うことだ。開発環境はIntel MacとiPhone ( もしくはiPod touch ) が1台ずつあればOK。理屈の上では他の販売形式でも同じなのだろうが、実際それが正に起こっているのはApp Storeだけだ。現在、当初とは違い、いろいろな情報があるため開発や登録も容易になった。腕に覚えのある方はぜひチャレンジしてみてはいかがだろうか。
From riding a rickshaw through the bustling streets of Chandni Chowk in Delhi to a thrilling Tiger Safari in Ranthambore , exploring the UNESCO World Heritage Site of Elephanta Caves to cruising in a houseboat along the backwaters of Kerala , finding the perfect amalgamation of the sun , sea , and sand in Goa to gazing at the iconic Taj Mahal in Agra , Glimpses Holidays is here to make each day of your stay in India a memory worth relishing .
Operating since 1987 , Glimpses Holidays is a leading travel company dedicated to Leisure Travel , Meetings , Events , and Conferences .
With headquarters in New Delhi , Team Glimpses comprises of travel experts not only from India but other nationalities who speak major global languages - French , Spanish , Italian and Portuguese .
In addition to our energetic staff of over 200+ , we also have a wide network of offices of our own and associate offices all across the country to serve our guests better .
We also have associate offices in the Indian subcontinent including Nepal , Bhutan and Sri Lanka .
Orlando steals Game 1
In a great back - and - forth second half , the Magic finally upended the Cavs , 107-106 .
The Cavs jumped out early but the Magic settled down in the second quarter and kept the game reasonably close .
They would have been down by 12 at halftime if not for a three - quarter - court heave by Mo Williams that put the Cavs up 15 .
One thing that jumped out at me is the way that the Cavs matched up at the beginning of the game .
They put Delonte West on Hedo Turkoglu , Mo Williams on Courtney Lee and LeBron on Rafer Alston .
As good of defense as LeBron has played this season , the Cavs actually think West is their best perimeter defender .
He ’s smaller than Turkoglu , but that does n’t really matter because Turkoglu does n’t post up .
West can hug him on the perimeter and contest his jumper and use his quickness to keep him from getting to the hole .
Meanwhile , it ’s highly unlikely that LeBron will get into foul trouble covering Alston .
Conversely , Stan Van Gundy should really think about switching his front court matchups by putting Howard on Anderson Varejao and Rashard Lewis on the more perimeter - oriented Zydrunas Ilgauskas .
Lewis would be at a size disadvantage , but it would allow Howard to stay closer to the rim since Varejao does n’t spend a lot of time on the perimeter .
For much of the first half , Dwight Howard could n’t catch a break inside .
The refs were letting the Cleveland bigs abuse him , but called him for a couple of ticky - tack offensive fouls , which kept him in foul trouble throughout the first half .
If the refs are going to let defenders hack away , then they better let Howard use his strength when he has the ball .
The Magic proved during the Boston series that they are a resilient team .
They are not easily rattled and they do n’t get down on each other when things are n’t going well .
Orlando went into Dwight Howard repeatedly in the third quarter and cut the Cleveland lead to four at the end of the quarter .
The final period was nip tuck the whole way .
LeBron fouled Howard out of the game ( undeservedly , I might add , as Howard jumped straight up ) on a three point play that put the Cavs up two with 0:25 to play and then Lewis hit a huge three to put the Magic up one with 0:14 remaining .
The Magic doubled LeBron right away and he gave the ball up .
The possession ended with a missed corner three by West , a jump ball and then a Mo Williams attempt off the jump ball that was thisclose to going in .
The Magic continued to fight and took advantage of a Cleveland team that seemingly put it into cruise control at halftime .
The Cavs tried to turn it on again in the fourth quarter but Orlando made enough plays to steal Game 1 .
LeBron finished with 49 points , eight assists , six rebounds , three blocks and two steals .
Mo Williams chipped in with 17 points .
Howard had 30 points and 13 boards before fouling out .
Rashard Lewis went 9 of 13 from the field ( including several clutch shots down the stretch ) for 22 points and Hedo Turkoglu scored 15 points while dishing out 14 assists .
The Cavs bench was thoroughly outplayed ; they were outscored 25 - 5 .
If tonight is any evidence , this is going to be an interesting series .
How Cheney Bent DOJ to His Will
Three newly - disclosed Justice Department e-mails thoroughly vindicate the most cynical suspicions about how former vice president Dick Cheney bent ostensibly independent Justice Department lawyers to his will and forced them to manufacture legal cover for his torture policies .
The e-mails , which date back to a 2005 re-evaluation of interrogation policies , were written by then - deputy attorney general James Comey .
They reveal Cheney 's extraordinary influence over then - attorney general Alberto Gonzales and key lieutenants -- including top officials in the department 's Office of Legal Counsel ( OLC ) .
Comey describes how he and some of his colleagues had " grave reservations " about the legal analyses being concocted for Cheney .
And he accurately predicts that Cheney and other White House officials would later point the finger at the Justice Department during the investigations that would inevitably ensue once the administration 's actions were made public .
Indeed , in one e-mail , Comey describes an exchange with Ted Ullyot , then Gonzales 's chief of staff : " I told him that the people who were applying pressure now would not be there when the s--- hit the fan .
Rather , they would simply say they had only asked for an opinion . "
Gonzales and Ullyot both came to Justice from the White House counsel 's office .
And Comey writes that " everyone seemed to be thinking as if they still work at the White House and not the United States Department of Justice . "
Noting that he had already announced his resignation at the time , Comey expresses sadness that some top officials who were " too weak to stand up for the principles " that undergird DOJ .
This is exactly what many of us have been alleging for a long time .
In one e-mail , Comey describes a dramatic meeting with Gonzales , in which he warned that approval of the interrogation techniques would likely lead to criminal prosecution .
" In stark terms I explained to him what this would look like some day and what it would mean for the president and the government , " Comey writes .
" I sketched out the ' summation ' that could be made to demonstrate that some of this stuff was simply awful .
I told him it would all come out some day and be presented in the ways I was presenting it . "
The e-mails date back to DOJ 's second round of finding legal rationalizations for torture .
By 2005 , the department had renounced the original August 1 , 2002 , " torture memo " from the OLC , the CIA 's office of inspector general had questioned the legality and effectiveness of the techniques being used at the CIA 's secret prisons , and the CIA had abandoned waterboarding -- but not many other extreme measures .
Cheney 's quest to restore the necessary legal cover resulted in three new memos , which were among those declassified and released in April by the Obama administration .
The first memo concluded that brutal interrogation techniques including waterboarding did not individually violate the federal criminal prohibition against torture .
The second memo concluded that even the combined use of those techniques did n't violate that particular statute .
Those two memos were issued on May 10 , 2005 .
The third memo , dated May 25 , managed to conclude that the techniques did n't even violate the United Nations Convention Against Torture 's prohibition of " cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment . "
The previously undisclosed e-mails from Comey were Web - published on Saturday by the New York Times .
But Scott Shane and David Johnston chose to focus on a minor point -- that Comey and other lawyers , even while expressing their grave concerns about the interrogation methods in question , had approved the first memo .
" When Justice Department lawyers engaged in a sharp internal debate in 2005 over brutal interrogation techniques , even some who believed that using tough tactics was a serious mistake agreed on a basic point : the methods themselves were legal , " Shane and Johnston wrote .
Yes , Comey approved the first memo .
And that certainly tarnishes his reputation .
Comey , almost alone among senior Justice Department officials , had somehow managed to emerge with his reputation intact -- so much so that Politico even reported in May that " some White House officials " ( and I 'm assuming they meant this White House , not the last one ) were suggesting he was Supreme Court material .
But Comey was ever the pragmatist .
The most famous Comey story , as related by Comey himself in 2007 , involved a dramatic rebellion in March 2004 -- complete with a mad dash to the hospital bedside of then - attorney general John Ashcroft -- in which Comey , backed up by Ashcroft , refused to reauthorize a secret NSA warrantless surveillance program as it was then constituted .
But most legal scholars believe the whole program , not just the still - mysterious part Comey objected to , was operating in clear violation of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act .
Blogger Marcy
Wheeler argues that Comey 's acquiescence to the argument that the interrogation tactics individually did n't violate one particular law does not mean he necessarily considered them legal .
He may have felt -- and apparently did feel -- that they violated other laws , including the Convention Against Torture .
He certainly felt that their use in combination -- which is how the CIA used them -- was clearly illegal .
Wheeler also argues -- with some justification , it seems to me -- that the e-mails were probably leaked to the Times in a " pre-emptive strike " on an upcoming report from the DOJ's Office of Professional Responsibility .
That report is said to harshly criticize former OLC lawyers John Yoo , Jay Bybee and Steven Bradbury for their role in approving torture .
The message their defenders clearly wanted to send -- and which the Times conveyed -- was that even those DOJ officials who had thus far " escaped criticism because they raised questions about interrogation and the law " agreed with at least some of the rationales put forth by Yoo et. al .
But the actual e-mails , in which Comey documents his various conversations on the matter , do n't really support that message .
Rather , they paint a portrait of a hopeless rear - guard action by Comey and others against Cheney and his willing lackeys .
As Glenn Greenwald blogs for Salon : " [ T ] he real story here is obvious -- these DOJ memos authorizing torture were anything but the by - product of independent , good faith legal analysis ....
" These DOJ memos , like the CIA reports [ in the run- up to war in Iraq ] , were all engineered by the White House to give cover to what they wanted to do ; they were not the precipitating events that led to and justified those decisions . "
In his April 27 e-mail , Comey describes telling Gonzales directly about his " grave reservations " about the second memo .
Gonzales 's response ?
" The AG explained that he was under great pressure from the Vice President to complete both memos , and that the President had even raised it last week , apparently at the VP 's request and the AG had promised they would be ready early this week . "
Comey also notes that OLC lawyer Patrick Philbin had previously reported that then - acting OLC director Steve Bradbury " was getting constant similar pressure from [ White House counsel ] Harriet Miers and [ Cheney counsel ] David Addington to produce the opinions . "
Comey adds : " Parenthetically , I have previously expressed my worry that having Steve as ' Acting ' -- and wanting the job -- would make his susceptible to just this kind of pressure . "
By the end of the April 27 e-mail it appears that Gonzales has agreed to give Comey a chance to alter the second memo .
But in the April 28 e-mail , Comey recounts a conversation with Ullyot , Gonzales 's chief of staff , in which it becomes clear that Comey has been outflanked by Cheney and that the memo will go out as written .
Comey concludes : " People may think it strange to hear me say I miss John Ashcroft , but as intimidated as he could be by the WH , when it came to crunch - time , he stood up , even from an intensive care hospital bed .
That backbone is gone . "
And by his May 31 e-mail , his wistful regrets have turned into barely contained fury .
The previous day , the department had issued the third memo , essentially giving a go - ahead ( and perhaps even more importantly , retroactive approval ) to torture .
There was to be a high - level meeting on the subject at the White House later than day .
And in a morning meeting with Gonzales , Comey 's entreaties evidently fell on deaf ears .
" The AG began by saying that [ then - national security adviser Condoleezza ]
Rice was not interested in discussing details and that her attitude was that if DOJ said it was legal and CIA said it was effective , then that ended it , without a need for detailed policy discussion , " Comey writes .
" Pat and I urged the AG in the strongest possible terms to drive a full policy discussion of all techniques . "
Comey then writes about delivering to Gonzales that imagined " summation " in the case against the administration for torture .
And , he adds : " I mentioned that there was a video of an early session , which would come out eventually . "
Comey writes that later that day , upon returning from the White House , Gonzales " said the meeting had gone very well , and that there had been a full factual and policy discussion .
He said the issues were fully presented and and he had drawn my ' worst - case scenario ' for them .
At the end , all the Principles approved the full list . "
Comey 's prediction that " simply awful " things would be eventually made public was proven correct .
But the video he mentioned was one of many that the CIA conveniently destroyed less than six months later .
And of course his vision of a criminal prosecution remains unfulfilled .
Oh , to hear that summation -- either from Comey , or from a federal prosecutor .
Challenges are landing fast and furious on Capitol Hill .
So Rep. Tim Ryan , D - Ohio , feels he has to arrive at the top of his game every day .
And Ryan says he has found a way to do that :
He meditates for at least 45 minutes before leaving home .
Ryan , 35 , sits on a floor cushion , closes his eyes , focuses on his breath and tries to detach from any thoughts , just observing them like clouds moving across the sky — a practice he learned at a retreat .
" I find it makes me a better listener , and my concentration is sharper .
I get less distracted when I 'm reading , " he says .
" It 's like you see through the clutter of life and can penetrate to what 's really going on . "
Once thought of as an esoteric , mystical pursuit , meditation is going mainstream .
A government survey in 2007 found that about 1 out of 11 Americans , more than 20 million , meditated in the past year .
And a growing number of medical centers are teaching meditation to patients for relief of pain and stress .
More than 240 programs in clinics and hospitals teach the same type of meditation that Ryan learned , says Jon Kabat - Zinn , who developed mindfulness - based stress reduction 30 years ago at the University of Massachusetts Medical Center .
Other types , such as transcendental meditation , use a mantra or repeated phrase .
' A colossal shift in acceptance '
Some kind of meditative practice is found in all the world 's religions , says Shauna Shapiro of Santa Clara ( Calif . )
University , co-author with Linda Carlson of the new book The Art and Science of Mindfulness .
Most include focusing attention and letting thoughts and emotions go by without judgment or becoming involved .
Kabat - Zinn credits " a colossal shift in acceptance " to accelerating research on the benefits of meditation .
Studies suggest the practice can ease pain , improve concentration and immune function , lower blood pressure , curb anxiety and insomnia , and possibly even help prevent depression .
Newer research tools , such as high - tech brain scans , show how meditation might have diverse effects .
In a brain - scan study of long - time meditators compared with a control group that never meditated , the meditators had increased thickness in parts of the brain associated with attention and with sensitivity to internal sensations of the body .
" These are people who would notice their muscles tensing when they 're angry or butterflies in their stomach if they 're scared , " says study leader Sara Lazar , a neuroscientist at Massachusetts General Hospital .
And a UCLA study out in May found that , compared with a non-meditating control group , meditators ' brains have larger volume in areas important for attention , focus and regulating emotion .
They also have more gray matter , which could sharpen mental function , says study leader Eileen Luders , a neuroscientist .
Of course , nobody knows whether these meditators ' brains were different to begin with .
And that 's the problem with much of the meditation research so far .
Although studies have improved , most still are n't large and lack good control groups , says Richard Davidson , a pioneering meditation researcher and neuroscientist at the University of Wisconsin .
His research shows that even novice meditators have greater activation in a part of the brain tied to well - being .
The more activation , the greater their antibody response to a flu vaccine , which makes the vaccine more protective .
By changing the brain , meditation could affect many biological processes , he says .
Settling down , not lashing out
A cutting - edge approach to meditation practice starts with children .
In scattered pockets across the USA , students are learning meditation at school .
Steve Reidman , a fourth - grade teacher at Toluca Lake Elementary School in North Hollywood , Calif. , says teaching meditation to children has curbed fighting while sharpening their focus .
" You can just watch them breathe deeply and settle down rather than lashing out . "
Susan Kaiser Greenland , whose InnerKids Foundation teaches in Los Angeles - area schools , works with Reidman 's class .
Preliminary research shows that Los Angeles preschoolers who were taught meditation improved in their ability to pay attention and focus .
For early elementary school kids , improvement came only in those who had attention problems at the start , says Susan Smalley , a UCLA behavioral geneticist who did the research with psychologist Lisa Flook .
Very young brains may be more malleable , she speculates .
As research expands , scientists expect to unlock more of the mysteries around meditation .
Meanwhile , for those such as Ryan , proof of benefit is already evident .
" I 'm much more aware now than I used to be , " he says .
" I enjoy my life more because you notice , and you really appreciate . "
( CNN ) -- A North Carolina man is accused of arranging to have his wife raped through personal ads on the Web site Craigslist , police said Wednesday .
The 25 - year - old man , of Kannapolis , North Carolina , was arrested in connection with the incident that occurred at his home early Sunday , police said in a statement .
Police responded to the home at about 2:45 a.m. after receiving a 911 call indicating a male armed with a knife appeared in the couple 's bedroom and sexually assaulted the man 's wife , authorities said .
The man was present at the time of the assault , and two young children were in the home , but were unharmed and unaware of the incident , the police statement said .
" During the investigation , investigators interviewed the victim and her husband , " the statement said .
" Investigators became suspicious when they noticed there was no sign of forced entry to the home .
Investigators also developed information that led them to note specific inconsistencies in the initial statement provided by [ the man ] . "
But on Tuesday , police found that the man " had responded to at least two personal ads on Craigslist.com in an effort to arrange for someone to come to his home and have sex with his wife using some type of scare tactic . "
" Investigators believe [ he ] arranged this incident without the knowledge or consent of the victim , " the police statement said .
The woman was taken to a hospital after the assault , where she underwent a forensic examination and was interviewed , police said .
She suffered no serious physical injuries and was released shortly afterward .
Police did not release the identity of the victim .
CNN is not naming the victim 's husband in an effort to avoid identifying her .
The incident remains under investigation , police said .
The man faces charges including first - degree rape , two counts of first - degree sexual offense and one count of attempted first - degree sexual offense , according to the police statement .
Kannapolis is about 26 miles northeast of Charlotte , North Carolina .
All About Crime • Craigslist.com • North Carolina
The indie - folk heroes from Seattle are at it once again , this time performing in and around Paris , France for La Blogotheque ‘s Take Away Show .
In this raw performance , Fleet Foxes show us just how versatile they really are .
They perform two songs in this clip : “ Sun Giant , ” which is off of Sun Giant EP , and “ Blue Ridge Mountains , ” which is off of their self - titled debut album .
“ Sun Giant ” sounds great , but “ Blue Ridge Mountains ” sounds utterly remarkable , due to the acoustics .
The unbelievably high ceilings and concrete floors / walls of an abandoned section of the Grand Palais ( a huge exhibition hall in Paris that was built over 100 years ago ) help create the cathedral - like sound .
Whenever I listened to Fleet Foxes , I always imagined them recording in a place like this for some reason .
I think it ’s because they always tend to sing acappella in the middle of a song , and it sounds echoey , like in a cathedral .
Anyway , take a look at the video .
Other Parenting Resources < Covering a variety of important topics for fathers and mothers .
Many available in Spanish >
Click an image below to learn more .
First , they snuck the “ simulated explosion ” in around 3 PM so I did n’t even see it ( I checked in the morning a lot , because they said it would be before noon ) !
Boo again !
But here are pics .
But just as I was sulking because I missed the explosion , the Saudi Embassy ( across from the Watergate ) was suddenly surrounded by the Secret Service and a bunch of police cars .
Sounds like some guy refused to leave the embassy ( why ??? ) so they went in and took him out .
Removed him , I mean , not like “ let ’s take that fucker OUT ! ” .
Here ’s the pic from my cell phone .
When a predominantly gay synagogue in Manhattan learned that a group of ultra-Evangelical Christians were planning a protest outside their building , the congregation decided to turn the hate rally into a fundraising event .
Parishoners from the Westboro Baptist Church , a Kansas - based institution , gathered on Sunday outside Congregation Beth Simchat Torah with signs reading “ God hates fags ” and “ Jews stole the land . ”
The synagogue heard several days in advance of the church ’s planned demonstration and decided to counter the protesters ’ publicity drive with one of their own , rather than pursuing legal action .
The congregation encouraged its supporters to donate at least $ 1 for every six minutes that the demonstration lasted .
Following the 51 - minute protest , the synagogue was able to raise more than $ 10,000 in donations .
The congregation , which has been renting the West Village space , hopes to eventually buy a building of its own .
Some 150 people - including members other nearby synagogues and churches - held a counter - demonstration during the fundraising event , where they sang Jewish songs and prayers .
The Westboro Baptist Church is run by Fred Phelps , an outspoken evangelist who claims natural disasters and terrorist attacks are the result of America ’s “ tolerance ” of homosexuals .
Phelps targeted Congregation Beth Simchat Torah because it works primarily with the Jewish gay and lesbian community .
Heute gab es einen Termin mit Familienministerin Ursula von der Leyen ( CDU ) in Herne beim Zirkus Schnick - Schnack .
Das ganze wurde wohl recht spontan als Anlass genommen Zensursula in Herne zu begrüßen .
So hat sich eine entsprechend spontane Demonstration von einer handvoll Menschen ergeben , die jedoch von der Polizei schnell aufgelöst wurde .
Einen Augenzeugenbericht dazu gibt es bei den Ruhrbaronen im Artikel Ärger mit Zensursula :
Als Frau vd L im PKW erschien , haben wir uns die Schilder umgebunden und einige von uns haben mit einer Trillerpfeife versucht , auf uns aufmerksam zu machen .
DAS WAR ALLES .
Sofort kamen einige Polizisten , die uns aufforderten , sofort den Platz zu verlassen .
Dieser Aufforderung haben wir umgehend Folge geleistet .
Dabei hat ein Polizist einen der Beteiligten die ganze Zeit am Rücken angefasst und quasi vor sich hergeschoben .
Dieser Beamte war von Anfang an alles andere als entspannt . [… ]
Um seine Wichtigkeit noch zu untermauern und weil ihm wohl die Argumente fehlten oder weil er uns schlichtweg zeigen wollte , „ wo der Hammer hängt “ , wurden dann unsere Personalien aufgenommen und ein Platzverweis für die gesamte Straße erteilt .
Letztlich haben wir weder gewalttätig oder pöbelnd demonstriert noch haben wir uns geweigert , den Platz zu verlassen .
Das bloße Tragen eines Schildes hat diese Reaktion hervorgerufen .
Ob das ganze jetzt verhältnismäßig war – das kann ich nicht beurteilen .
Ich persönlich finde es aber schon etwas übertrieben , selbst wenn ggf. keine Demonstration vorab angemeldet wurde .
Im Beitrag Zensursula wird zensiert aus dem Blog politicyear .
wordpress.com wird die Situation rund eine halbe Stunde später beschrieben .
Das irritiert mich doch noch deutlich mehr :
Ich war davor aber noch bei der Post und so kam es nunmal , dass ich ca. 25 Minuten später und mit viel hin -und hergelaufe alleine den Zirkus finden musste – von den anderen keine Spur .
Tja , der Rest lässt sich kurz & knackig erklären : Ich will ins Zirkuszelt hinein , mir die Show ansehen .
Zwei Polizisten kommen von links und rechts , packen mich am Arm , fangen mich ab – versperren mir den Zugang .
Einer nimmt meine Personalien auf und telefoniert minutenlang , um anschließend zurückzukommen und zu sagen , dass ich vom Gelände verwiesen sei .
So , das war passiert und man könnte sich natürlich fragen … wieso haben die das gemacht ?
Und dazu ein paar Fakten meinerseits :
Ich war ‘ normal ’ ( also nicht alles schwarz & bedeckt ) gekleidet .
Ich war alleine .
Ich hatte keine Schilder o.ä. außer einem kleinen Juso - Rosen - Pin an mir .
Ich habe weder geschrien , noch beleidigt , herumgeprügelt oder sonst irgendwas – auch nicht , als die Polizisten bei mir waren : Ich war stets freundlich .
Und als Grund nannte mir eine Polizistin , dass sie schonmal ( O - Ton ) : ” heute Nachmittag mit ein paar Jugendlichen Ärger gehabt hatten ” .
Wenn das so war , dann ist das ok .
Ich weiß aber , dass es nicht so war und es ist eine Unverschämtheit mich , einen freien Bürger , dermaßen einzuschränken – noch dazu ohne jeglichen Tatbestand .
Und wer sich eine eigene Meinung bilden möchte , wer wissen will , was das für ein Ärger war – der guckt hier .
Since the Bureau of Labor Statistics announced its monthly payroll survey numbers Friday , there ’s been quite a bit of happy - talk – including from some progressives – about how we ’re just around the corner from the end of the " Great Recession . "
On the flipside , we who have said wait - a- minute are being accused of panic , fearmongering , an inability to read statistics and even of not wanting a recovery to kick in so as to advance our unspecified agenda .
Which presumably makes us no better than if we were on the payroll of the Foxagandists and Limbaughrubes who want President Obama to fail .
Is the intent of the happy - talkers to use fact that unemployment is getting worse at a better rate to chill the widespread rage over what has - during the past three decades - brought us to the economic precipice ?
You know : deregulation , deunionization , privatization , unfettered globalization , wage stagnation for the lower - and lower - middle - income groups , and an unprecedented transfer of wealth to the upper 20 % , especially the top 1 % ?
Is it to undermine any pressure for additional government action to improve matters ?
Beats me .
The facts are simple : the short - term outlook may have improved ever so slightly in April if you ’re one of the people who did n't get laid off or who has n’t been out of work for more than six months .
But neither the medium nor long term presents any great cause for elation .
Even if April 2009 turns out to mark the bottom of this downturn , a one - month tapering off in the hundreds of thousands of Americans being added to the official unemployment queue does not signal an end in sight to terrible unemployment news .
The bottom of the Great Depression , after all , was reached in December 1932 .
But the Depression and widespread pain it caused did not end a couple of months or even a couple of years later .
And there ’s some considerable evidence that the Great Recession ’s recovery , when it comes , will be plodding and jobless .
Critics have for years rightly called into question the BLS job numbers – and especially the bogus official rates of unemployment that most traditional media report each month .
It ’s outrageous that the official rate does n’t count jobless people who are so discouraged they ’ve temporarily given up looking for work .
Then , too , these statistics are made far less valuable than they should be by the failure to include some measure of underemployment in the official rate , including those in the " informal " economy .
Still , flawed as they are , BLS data do tell a story that fades the pale glow of the one told Friday .
These are collected in a monthly survey of 60,000 households called the Current Population Survey .
The CPS shows that when Bill Clinton turned over the keys to the White House in January 2001 , 6 million Americans were unemployed .
For the next eight years , those numbers rose and fell but never again went as low as 6 million .
When Bush left office this January , 11.6 million Americans were out of work .
Now it ’s 13.7 million .
And that wo n’t be the peak .
Here ’s what it looks like since the recession kicked in December 2007 :
So , currently , the official count is 13.7 million unemployed .
Optimists say another 1 - 2 million will join them by December even if the recession ends .
Pessimists say 3 - 4 million will .
Either way that ’s terrible .
And as these terrible numbers accumulate , they will boost some other already terrible numbers :
A record for the length of a recession unmatched since the 1930s .
A record high for the number of people collecting unemployment benefits .
A record unmatched since the 1930s for the percentage of the unemployed who have been out of work for more than six months .
A record high for the number of people collecting food stamps .
A record low since 1964 for the number of hours production workers put in weekly : 33.2 hours .
A record high for foreclosure filings .
And on and on .
Only the foolish can put a smiley face on Friday ’s jobless report .
Thankfully , Bob Herbert at The New York Times refused to do so :
Joblessness is like a cancer in the society .
The last thing in the world that you want is for it to metastasize .
And that ’s what ’s happening now .
Do n’t tell me about the stock market .
Do n’t tell me about the banks and their perpetual flimflammery .
Tell me whether poor and middle - income families can find work .
If they can ’t , the country ’s in trouble ...
Mr. Mishel [ at the Economic Policy Institute ] has been trying to call attention to the human toll caused by job losses on this vast scale .
The institute estimates that the poverty rate for children is in danger of increasing from 18 percent , which is where it was in 2007 , the last year for which complete statistics are available , to a scary 27.3 percent in 2010 .
For black children , you do n’t want to know .
But I ’ll tell you anyway .
The poverty rate for black kids was 34.5 percent in 2007 .
If the national unemployment rate rises , as expected , to the vicinity of 10 percent next year , the poverty rate for black children would rise to 50 percent or higher , analysts at the institute believe .
...
To get a sense of the task ahead , consider that 7.8 million jobs would have to be created just to bring us back to where we were when the recession began .
That ’s because the working - age population has continued to grow since then .
The economy has to create about 127,000 jobs a month just to keep up with population growth .
That comes to more than 2 million jobs since the start of the recession , which you then add to the 5.7 million that have been lost .
There is no light yet at the end of this tunnel .
I ’m an optimistic pessimist .
I think there ’s a chance we might actually come out of the current recession ready for some serious restructuring after decades of the economic pretending and oligarchical banditry that has created the mess we ’re in .
But only a slight chance .
Word on the re-regulatory front is not all that encouraging .
Likewise the likelihood of getting any payback , both literally and figuratively , in what Naomi Klein labels the " greatest heist in monetary history . "
Being hopeful is important .
We need to build confidence .
But nothing will be accomplished by blind cheerleading .
As Klein recently told Joan Juliet Beck :
JOAN : In The New Yorker , you ’re quoted as saying , " This is a progressive moment .
It ’s ours to lose . "
What did you mean ?
NAOMI : Capitalism is on trial .
And you have an organic , grassroots , sort of spontaneous revolt against the elite – which is actually what we ’re hearing with this rage at CEOs , and bonuses and government collusion with the elites .
Rage is an opportunity .
The rage is there , and the country is seething , the world is seething with rage .
The question is , where is it going to be directed ?
I feel there ’s a moral responsibility for the Left and for progressives to provide an alternative in this moment that is moral , that is principled , that is just , that is hopeful , because if we do n’t , then that anger is so easily directed at " those damn Mexican immigrants , " at " the first African American president . "
So I feel a tremendous sense of urgency .
It ’s not just , " Hey , our time has come . "
It ’s , " We ’d better get our act together because this anger is going somewhere . "
The last thing to do now is encourage a dissipation of that seething .
The fact that jobless numbers are getting worse at a better rate should not be allowed to squelch a progressive push for deep restructuring , for demanding corporate accountability and penalizing its opposite , for setting us on a fresh path in which the economy and the environment are n’t treated as separate entities .
It ’s certainly no time to listen to blue dogs and Republicans who express more concern about federal deficits than out - of - work citizens .
Fifty years ago Glenn Barker did n't kiss his bride Patsy Barker after the Rev. Don Hubbard married the young couple in a small country church in Concord , Tenn .
On Saturday , Mr. Barker did n't make the same mistake twice .
After Mr. Hubbard renewed their vows , he held Ms. Barker by the face and gave her the kiss she did n't get when she was 19 because he was too shy .
The Barkers celebrated their 50th wedding anniversary in Mr. Barker 's family farm in Dunlap , Tenn. , with the same wedding party , preacher , piano player and singer that celebrated their special day 50 years ago .
Including a 1956 red and white Chevy that was their courting and honeymoon car .
" It 's a very special day .
It 's a milestone , with everybody getting a divorce now , " said Mr. Barker of their 50th wedding anniversary .
" This was never an option for us - when we married , we married .
Now young people marry , and if it does n't work out they get a divorce , " Mrs. Barker said .
Mrs. Barker walked the aisle wearing a long , colorful skirt and a white shirt , holding the same Bible her parents gave her when she was 13 years old and she used for her wedding .
Her wedding dress was displayed on the front porch , next to where they renewed their vows and promised to love each other for the rest of their lives .
Mr. Barker wore black pants and a white , short - sleeve dress shirt , a variation of the black pants and white sport coats the groomsmen wore when he got married .
The bridesmaids carried the same pink Queen Anne Lace flowers .
Although they did n't wear the pink taffeta they did back then , instead they traded it for black pants and a white blouse .
" When Patsy called me and asked me , she said , ' Linda would you be my bridesmaid again ? ' without even missing a heart beat I said , ' I would be honored to be in your wedding again , ' " said Linda Ford , who has known Mrs.
Barker since they were in the first grade .
" They are wonderful people and it's an honor to be their friend , " she added .
After the ceremony , family and guests proceeded to the reception , where the tables were decorated with a yellow rose in a glass vase , next to a framed wedding picture in black and white and one of the many love letters the Barkers wrote to each other while they dated for three years .
" We have all of our love letters , " said Mrs. Barker .
" You did n't have telephones back then so you wrote letters every day , we both saved them not knowing each other was doing the same thing . "
When asked if it was love at first sight , Mr. and Mrs. Barker both quickly replied no and chuckled .
" Definitely not love at first sight , but it grew and we are here today and we 've enjoyed 50 years together - not all been good , not all been bad , but it 's been a remarkable life on the farm , " Mrs. Barker said .
Mr. Barker had been planning their 50th year anniversary since they celebrated their first , she said .
" ( Fifty years later ) we still have each other , we still love each other , we still respect each other , we enjoy traveling , enjoy being together , enjoy our family , " said Mrs. Barker as her eyes watered with emotion .
" And we are still good friends , " added Mr. Barker .
Enlarge By Lee Jin Man , AP Visitors at the border village of Paju , South Korea , study a sign offering details about North Korea 's missiles Tuesday .
North Korea test - fired two short - range missiles .
WASHINGTON  As North Korea continued to defy the international community by test - firing two missiles Tuesday , the Obama administration faced the same problem that confronted its predecessors :
How to convince China to go along with tough U.N. sanctions .
While the United States and its allies have sought to punish North Korea over the years as it has pursued a nuclear weapons program , China has continued to prop up the North with food aid , oil and consumer goods .
The question is whether that will change in the wake of Monday 's North Korean nuclear weapons test .
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Ma Zhaoxu reiterated Tuesday that Beijing " resolutely opposed " the test — stronger language than China has used after past incidents .
He was silent about what the next step would be .
N. KOREA WARNS : S. Korea , U.S. tread lightly NUKE TEST : Defiant move puts U.S. , Obama on notice " This strategy of sanctions has not succeeded thus far , and the reason is that China has not implemented sanctions , " said Marcus Noland , Asia expert at the Peterson Institute for International Economics .
" Ultimately they are more concerned about North Korean instability than North Korean weaponry .
They act as an enabler . "
In a further provocation , North Korea test - fired two short - range missiles off its eastern coast Tuesday .
" Our army and people are fully ready for battle … against any reckless U.S. attempt for a pre-emptive attack , " the North 's state - run KCNA news agency proclaimed .
The Obama administration was marshaling international support for new sanctions .
" We will take action , " State Department spokesman Ian Kelly vowed Tuesday .
Kelly said " the door does still remain open " for talks , and " we hope that North Korea will make the right choice and choose to engage constructively . "
Kelly declined to speculate about what China might do , but many experts say China holds the key .
" China is the one country that has the capacity to bring the North Korean regime down , " said John Bolton , former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations .
" They 're afraid to do it because they are afraid the regime itself is so fragile it will collapse , " Bolton said .
The Chinese government has expressed concern that such an event might send millions of North Korean refugees into China .
The United States must balance its desire to press China on North Korea with its economic relationship , including China 's huge holdings in U.S. debt , said Larry Niksch , an Asian affairs specialist at the Congressional Research Service .
If China fails to cooperate , the United States could resume its previous efforts to prevent banks from doing business with North Korea , and it can pursue the so - called Proliferation Security Initiative , under which it can board ships suspected of importing or exporting nuclear material from the country , said Kongdan Oh of the Brookings Institution .
There is some hope that China may finally be reconsidering its support for North Korea , said the Asia Foundation 's Scott Snyder .
" The Chinese believed they could make a choice between stability and denuclearization , but I think this test suggests that 's a false choice , " he said .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
About The Author Dmitry Fadeyev is the creator of Usaura , a micro usability testing service , and the founder of Usability Post , a blog about good design and user experience .
…
More about Dmitry Fadeyev …
9 Common Usability Mistakes In Web Design
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
By now , all good designers and developers realize the importance of usability for their work .
Usable websites offer great user experiences , and great user experiences lead to happy customers .
Delight and satisfy your visitors , rather than frustrate and annoy them , with smart design decisions .
Here are 9 usability problems that websites commonly face , and some recommended solutions for each of them .
By now , all good designers and developers realize the importance of usability for their work .
Usable websites offer great user experiences , and great user experiences lead to happy customers .
Delight and satisfy your visitors , rather than frustrate and annoy them , with smart design decisions .
Here are 9 usability problems that websites commonly face , and some recommended solutions for each of them .
You may also be interested in the following related posts :
1 . Tiny clickable areas
Hyperlinks are designed to be clicked , so to make them usable , it makes sense to ensure that they ’re easy to click .
Here ’s an example of links that are far too small ; clicking them is harder than it should be .
These are the comments links on Hacker News , a social news website .
( Clickable areas are highlighted in red ) :
Here ’s an example of the same interface element , the comments link , but this time with a much larger clickable area :
Newspond comments link .
Why would we want a larger clickable area ?
Simple .
Because our hand movement with the mouse is n’t very precise .
A large clickable area makes it easier to hover the mouse cursor over the link .
To ensure we get a large clickable area , we could either make the whole link bigger or increase the padding around the link using the CSS “ padding ” property .
Here ’s the code :
< a href = " http://www.examplesite.com " style= " padding : 5 px ; " > Example Site<a >
The CSS has been placed inline together with the markup to make the example simpler , but in real life you ’ll likely want to add this styling to your CSS file by giving the link a class or id and targeting it with that .
You can read more about padded link targets for better mousing in a 37 signals article on padded link targets .
According to the article , padding provides users with “ a feeling of comfort .
It ’s just really easy to click the links .
It feels like the links are working with you instead of against you . ”
2. Pagination used for the wrong purpose
Pagination refers to splitting up content onto several pages .
This is often found on websites that have long lists of items ; for example , products in a store or pictures in a gallery .
Using pagination for this purpose makes sense because displaying too many items on one page would make the page slower to download and process .
FeedMyApp uses pagination in the right way : to display its vast list of apps in digestible chunks .
But there is another way that pagination is used on the Web today .
Content pages , like blog articles , are sometimes split into several pages .
Why is this done ?
What ’s the gain ?
It ’s unlikely that the article is so long that it requires pagination ; in most cases , it is used to increase page views .
Because a lot of blogs and magazines get their revenue through advertising , getting more page views ( i.e. individual page loads ) boosts their viewing statistics and allows them to charge more for each ad .
_ The Wired article about Google ’s logo is split into eight pages , making it very difficult to read . _
While this may seem like an easy way to squeeze more money from your ads , it poses two main problems .
The first is that it ’s just really , really annoying .
Having to load several pages just to read one article is n’t fun .
You ’re creating a barrier for your visitors that does n’t have to be there .
The second reason has to do with SEO ( search engine optimization ) .
Search engines use the content on your page to make sense of what it is about and then index it accordingly .
If the content is split into several pages , it is diluted , and so each page makes less sense on its own and holds less keywords about its topic .
This may negatively affect the ranking of the article in search engine results .
3. Duplicate page titles
The title of each Web page is important .
Page titles are the pieces of text we write between the < title > tags in the < head > section of our HTML code .
Sometimes people create a generic title while working on their website ’s template – their website ’s name , for example – and then re-use the same title across the whole website .
This is wrong because it robs each page of a couple of key benefits .
The first benefit is that a good title communicates to your visitors a lot of information about what the page is about .
People can quickly figure out if they ’re in the right place or not .
Remember that this title does n’t just show at the top of the browser window ; it ’s also shown on the search engine results pages .
When people see a list of results on a search engine like Google , they read the page title to figure out what each page is about .
This alone is a good enough reason to spend a little time optimizing your page titles .
The second reason has to do with SEO .
Search engines need different information to rank the results of a particular query .
Page title is one of the more important pieces of information they use to gauge how relevant your page is to a particular search term .
This does n’t mean you should load as many keywords as possible into the title – that defeats the first benefit – but you should ensure that each title succinctly describes the content of the page , including a couple of words you think people will search for .
Here ’s an example of a good page title .
This is a Smashing Magazine page title as seen in Safari :
Here we have the title of the article , the category of the article and the name of the website .
Putting the name of the website last puts more emphasis on what the page itself is about , rather than on website branding , which is still there .
Here ’s what the HTML code looks like in the markup :
< title > Vintage and Blues WordPress Themes | Freebies | Smashing Magazine </ title >
And here ’s how the page is displayed in a Google search result :
4. Content that is difficult to scan
To ensure that your website is usable , you cannot only have a good design ; you also need good copy .
Copy is a term used to describe all of the text content on a website .
Yes , good design will guide your visitors around the website , focus their attention on the things that matter and help them make sense of information chunks ; but visitors will still need to read text to process information .
This makes copy an essential part of your overall website design .
Before you can write good copy , though , you need to understand how people will actually view your website .
Do n’t assume that your visitors will read everything from top to bottom .
That would certainly be great , but unfortunately that ’s not how it works .
The Web bombards people with information , and most of us try to consume as much of it as possible .
This leads to very frantic browsing behavior : we jump from one piece of content to another , from one website to the next .
People tend not to read websites top to bottom ; they start reading whatever pops out at them first , and then move to the next thing that captures their interest .
The pattern looks a little like this :
The Basecamp landing page .
The red circles indicate the areas where visitors tend to focus their gaze , and the numbers indicate the order in which they look at these elements .
Users dash from one interesting part of the page to another .
To take advantage of this chaotic browsing pattern , you need to structure your copy a certain way .
Here are a few pointers :
Have a few points of focus .
These are the parts of your page that attract the attention of visitors .
This can be achieved by stronger , higher - contrast colors and larger fonts .
You can also use images , such as icons , next to text to give these areas even more visual pull .
.
You can also use to give these areas even more visual pull .
Each focus point should ideally be accompanied by a descriptive heading .
Without reading the copy any further , visitors should be able to understand what this bit of content is about .
Do n’t make headings mysterious or vague to draw people in .
Keep them informative yet concise .
People want information quickly , and withholding it only annoys them .
.
People want information quickly , and withholding it only annoys them .
Any other text should be short and easy to digest .
Provide just the essentials , and strip out the rest .
In most cases , extra text that copy writers put in to make a point less ambiguous only adds dead weight .
People will read bite - sized pieces of text but are put off by long paragraphs .
Cut your copy down until no fat is left to cut .
The “ Why you should use OpenOffice ” page could definitely use improvement .
No clear points of focus are provided , aside from the large banner at the top ; and the copy is grouped together in huge chunks , making it daunting to read .
Things app ’s features page splits up each feature into little bite - sized segments , each with its own icon and heading .
This makes the list easy to scan .
To make copy even more effective , list actual benefits rather than feature names .
5 . No way to get in touch
User engagement is important if you want to build a successful community , and communities are important if you want to build successful websites and social Web apps .
User engagement is also important if you want to build loyal customers .
Quickly answering people ’s questions and fixing their problems does n’t just mean that you have good customer service – it means you care , and your customers and visitors will appreciate it .
But many websites still do n’t give visitors an easy channel for getting in touch with the company .
Some websites do n’t even have an email address or contact form on them .
When you click on the contact link on the official Coca - Cola website .
you ’re presented with this page .
No email , no phone number .
Most of the links lead to automated FAQs ; the feedback form requires your address and age and has a 500 - character limit ; the “ Submit an idea ” form is two pages long , with terms and conditions attached .
It does n’t look like Coca - Cola really wants you to contact them .
Sure , putting your email address on the Web will likely attract a lot of spam , but there are a couple of solutions .
Enkoder is my favorite solution for putting email addresses on the Web .
Enkoder is an application that comes in two flavors : a free one for Mac OS X , and another free one as a Web app .
It encrypts any email address that you give it and gives you a bunch of gibberish JavaScript code to put on your page .
When the page with the code loads , your email magically appears as a clickable link .
Bots scouring for email addresses wo n’t be able to interpret the code – at least that ’s the plan .
You could also use contact forms to bypass the problem of showing your email address on a page ; however , you ’re still likely to receive spam unless you put some good Captchas or other spam protection mechanism in place .
Keep in mind that things like Captchas are barriers to user interaction and will likely degrade the user experience .
Forums to the rescue .
Online forums are a great communication channel that can be an alternative way for users to get in touch .
A public forum is better than a simple contact form or email because your customers can help each other on a forum .
Even if you do n’t personally respond to a customer , another helpful customer may help that person out , solving his or her problem .
GetSatisfaction is a Web app that works like a forum .
Users can post their problems and feedback as topics on the board , and customers and staff can respond to them .
Users can add comments to elaborate on their problem .
Whether you go with a hosted solution like GetSatisfaction or roll your own message board , a two - way communication channel like this is a great way to keep in touch with your customers .
The former GetSatisfaction forum for Apple .
6 . No way to search
A lot of people start looking for a search box as soon as they arrive on a page .
Perhaps they know exactly what they ’re looking for and do n’t want to spend time learning the website ’s navigation structure .
Jakob Nielsen calls these people search - dominant users :
Our usability studies show that more than half of all users are search - dominant , about a fifth of the users are link - dominant , and the rest exhibit mixed behavior .
The search - dominant users will usually go straight for the search button when they enter a website : they are not interested in looking around the site ; they are task - focused and want to find specific information as fast as possible .
Jakob Nielsen
Whether you run an online shop or blog , you need search .
People may come looking for a particular product or for an article they remember reading a while back , and chances are they ’ll want to find it with a quick search .
The good news , if you have n’t already implemented search on your website , is that it ’s very easy to do .
You do n’t need to code your own search feature ; search engines like Google and Yahoo have very likely already indexed most , if not all , of your website ’s pages , so all you need to do is pick the one you want to use and plug in a search box .
Here ’s the form code for using Google as your search engine :
< form action = " http://www.google.com/search " method= " get " > < fieldset > < input type =" hidden " name = " sitesearch " value= " smashingmagazine.com " /> < input type =" text " name= " q " size = " 31 " maxlength = " 255 " value= " " /> < input type =" submit " value= " Google Search " /> </ fieldset > </ form >
And here ’s the one for Yahoo :
< form action = " http://search.yahoo.com/search " method= " get " > < fieldset > < input type =" hidden " name= " vs " value= " smashingmagazine.com " /> < input type =" text " name= " p " /> < input type =" submit " value= " Yahoo Search " /> </ fieldset > </ form >
To make it work , all you need to do is change the value of the “ hidden ” field to your website ’s domain name .
This will limit the scope of the Google or Yahoo search query to just your website .
You may also want to modify the value of the “ Submit ” text to say whatever you want .
7 . Too much functionality that requires registration
Your website may have some content or features that require visitors to register before using .
That ’s great , but be careful how much content is put behind this registration shield .
Very interactive Web applications , such as email , document editing and project management , restrict 100 % of their functionality to registered users .
Other websites , such as social news websites , do not .
I can browse all the stories on Digg and Reddit without having to log in ; users do not have to identify themselves to enjoy some functionality .
When you implement a log - in barrier , be careful that you do n’t lock away features that do n’t really need user identification .
Some blogs require people to register before posting .
Sure , that will significantly decrease spam , but it will also significantly decrease the number of comments you see , too .
User participation on your website is affected by how many barriers there are .
Removing barriers such as registration will almost certainly increase user participation .
Indeed , once users start using your website , they will more likely sign up , because they ’re already involved .
The GetSatisfaction interface allows you to fill in your comment about a company or product and then click the “ Post ” button .
Instead of seeing your feedback posted , you ’re greeted with an unexpected “ Log in or register ” message .
Not good , considering the customer may already be frustrated .
The landing page for Pixlr , an online graphic editing app , has a link titled “ Jump in n ’ get started ! ”
Clicking on it opens the app .
No trials , no registration ; you test drive the app right away .
A permalink is a link to a page that is n’t meant to change ; for example , a link to a blog article such as the one you ’re reading now .
Problems occur , though , when a website moves to another domain or has its structure reorganized .
Old permalinks pointing to existing pages on the website become dead unless something is done about them .
That something is called a 301 redirect .
301 redirects are little instructions stored on your server that redirect visitors to appropriate pages .
So , if someone arrives on your website using an old link , they wo n’t see a 404 error page ( “ Page not found ” ) : the 301 redirect forwards them to the right location , provided that you ’ve set it up correctly .
The number “ 301 ” designates the type of redirect that it is : permanent .
Frye / Wiles 404 error .
There are various ways to do 301 redirects .
How they ’re implemented depends partly on the Web server you ’re using .
Here are the basics of handling 301 redirects on the most popular Web server right now , Apache .
The following code should go in a file called “ .htaccess ” in your main website folder .
Yes , the file name begins with a full stop .
This means it ’s a system file , which standard file browsers tend to hide by default .
So , if you ca n’t see it using your file browser or FTP client , turn your “ Display invisible files ” option on .
Just create or ( if it ’s already there ) edit this file using your editor of choice .
This file is retrieved whenever a visitor arrives on your website , and any redirect rules you put in there will be applied .
Here ’s a simple 301 redirect code :
RewriteEngine on Redirect 301 /oldpage.html /newpage.html
The code is fairly self - explanatory .
When somebody tries to access “ yoursite.com/oldpage.html , ” they will immediately be redirected to “ yoursite.com/newpage.html . ”
The “ RewriteEngine on ” bit at the top ensures that the mod_rewrite engine is turned on ( the default is off ) .
This is the engine that handles the redirects .
9 . Long registration forms
Registration forms are barriers .
They are barriers because it takes effort to fill them in , and the task itself is no fun .
People have to invest time and effort to register , and then they have to invest even more time and effort in future to remember what user name and password they used .
We can shrink this barrier by making the sign - up form as short as possible .
At the end of the day , the purpose of a registration system is simply to be able to identify each user ; so , the only requirements are a unique identifier , such as a user name or email address , and a password .
If you do n’t need more information , do n’t ask for it .
Keep the form short .
The ReadOz sign - up form is very long .
On closer inspection , we find that half of the fields are optional .
If they ’re optional , they do n’t really need to be there .
Such a form would likely scare off a user seeing it for the first time .
Show only what the person needs to register ; the rest can be filled in later .
Tumblr has one of the shortest sign - up forms around .
Just three fields : email , password and the URL of your new blog .
The Basecamp sign - up page has a smart trick .
It has no website navigation aside from a home - page link .
This keeps the user focused on the sign - up process , without any distractions or means of leaving the page .
Less Thinking
Usability is all about making things easier to use .
Less thinking , less frustration .
A website should do all the work and present visitors only with the things they ’re looking for .
Usability is also about the experience people have using your website , so attention to detail matters , as do the presentation and feel of the page .
Drop your thoughts on these and any other usability problems you run into in the comments section below ! ( al )
Archbishop Tutu has become increasingly critical of the ANC South Africa 's ruling ANC party has condemned Archbishop Desmond Tutu 's criticism of the organisation , describing it as " sacrilege " .
The archbishop warned ANC leaders this week that " they are not God " and " one day you will get your comeuppance " .
The Nobel Peace Prize winner also said he was not looking forward to have ANC leader Jacob Zuma as president .
Mr Zuma is the strong favourite to become South Africa 's next leader after elections on 22 April .
His campaign has been marred by corruption charges stemming from an arms scandal .
Prosecutors are expected to make an announcement on Friday on whether to drop the charges .
' Political solution ' " At the present time , I can't pretend to be looking forward to having him [ Mr Zuma ] as my president , " Archbishop Tutu , seen by many as South Africa 's voice of conscience , told national radio on Thursday .
Jacob Zuma 's lawyers say they have given fresh evidence to prosecutors
In separate public comments , Mr Tutu said : " For his [ Mr Zuma 's ] own sake , I hope they are not going to have a political solution .
" If he is innocent as he has claimed to be , for goodness sake , let it be a court of law that says so . "
In response , the ANC said in a statement that the party was " increasingly disturbed " by the manner in which the former archbishop of Cape Town was addressing the issue before an announcement on whether Mr Zuma 's trial would proceed .
" This is tantamount to him undermining the independence of the NPA [ National Prosecuting Authority ] and the judiciary which is unfortunate for a person of this stature , " the ANC said .
South Africa 's trade union confederation , Cosatu , also expressed concern that Mr Tutu " has allowed his passionate personal hatred of the ANC and its President Jacob Zuma to cloud his judgement " .
Desmond Tutu has launched a series of verbal attack on the ANC recently , the BBC's Peter Biles in Johannesburg says .
Last month , Archbishop Tutu expressed dismay at the government 's decision to block a visit by the Dalai Lama to South Africa , our correspondent says .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
KDE and GNOME are the mainstream desktop environments for GNU / Linux .
There are lightweight options that use fewer resources , such as Xfce or Fluxbox , but new users are more likely to encounter KDE or GNOME , which most closely follow the familiar desktop metaphors common to Windows or Mac .
The historic challenge for the KDE and GNOME developers has been to reproduce the functionality available to users of other operating systems , and a bit more besides .
But in recent times the developers have begun to look towards a future that might take the desktop further beyond the accepted conventions .
As the KDE developers have expressed it : " Desktop computing has changed radically in the last 20 years , yet our desktops are essentially the same as they were in 1984 .
It 's time the desktop caught up with us . "
The point and click desktop as we know it has been around since monitors had flickering green screens , although the average laptop has disk , RAM and graphics capacity that was undreamt of a few short years ago .
The approach of both GNOME and KDE developers is to find ways of taking full advantage of both the expanding technology and the limited spacial characteristics of the modern computer screen .
In doing this they have to satisfy the conflicting demands of users .
With recent economic events , more people than ever are worried about job security .
Even those who have so called “ secure ” jobs want to know that their jobs are going to be needed in the future .
Its only natural .
Most of us want to be able to provide for our families in a consistent fashion .
With stability during recessions in mind then , here are 18 of the safest professions to hold during a recession :
1. Jobs in the Healthcare Industry –
This is always a safe bet , because no matter what happens , the general population will always need doctors , nurses , and other medical staff .
Also , during difficult financial times , governments often increase spending on infrastructure initiatives such as health care that continue to pay dividends in the long term .
2. Teaching Jobs – Nothing can replace teachers in the classroom .
Children need to be educated regardless of the state of the economy .
Suffice to say … teaching is a relatively safe profession .
3. Funeral Industry –
There no nice way to say it … people die .
So , whether in a recession or not , the funeral industry is a safe , though morbid bet .
4. Energy Industry Jobs – During a recession , people do not stop consuming fuel or electricity .
They may cut back slightly , but can never entirely eliminate its use .
5. Entertainment Jobs – People may choose to rent a movie rather than go to a theater , but most find entertainment to be a much needed stress reliever in times when tensions are higher .
Find a job in one of these industries , and your income is likely to be more recession - proof .
6. Automotive Repair – Economic downturns means individuals are more likely to spend money to have their cars fixed , than they are to purchase new vehicles .
This bodes well for mechanics , and other repair related professions .
7. Federal Government Jobs – Federal jobs are rarely cut , and in fact the expansion of such positions becomes an important fiscal stimulus during recessions .
8. Work in the Military – There are always opportunities in the military , and many of these can help you get a quality education at the same time …. perhaps for some of the others careers mentioned in this post .
9. Public Safety Careers – Police , firefighters and ambulance drivers are ALWAYS needed … often more so during economic downturns .
10 . Pharmaceutical Research Jobs – Cures for diseases are always needed , so keep working in your white labs coats without fear .
11 . Local Utilities – as people continue using utilities during recessions , support personnel are needed !
12 . Economy Food Business – Economy grocery stores and other economy food related jobs often do not suffer during a recession as much as ‘ higher end ’ food options and industries .
13 . Debt Financing – credit cards are frequently used by the masses during economic downturns , so it stands to reason that jobs in the credit card industry will boom while others whither and fade .
14 . Credit Counseling –
As people a add to their credit cards and amass more debt , more are going to need help managing their debt , or alternatively , declaring bankruptcy .
15 . Government Contract Services – During recessions governments will continue to pay contractors to fix roads and schools .
In fact , such infrastructure improvements are often at the core of government recession - busting initiatives .
16 . Technology Industries – People are now more reliant than ever on technology ( imagine being without your computer or cell phone for a day ! ) .
In fact , even during recessions many technology companies have extreme difficulty finding qualified individuals .
17 . Appliance Repair –
In an effort to save money , many individuals will repair appliances before replacing them with new ones .
This bodes well for appliance repair people , other than perhaps the “ Maytag Man ” .
18 . Public Office – Politicians who can get elected have reasonable job security , at least in so far as they ’ll not lose their jobs due to economic downturns .
Of course , recessions typically come about less frequently than re-elections .
The key to finding a recession - proof job is in finding something that people need , regardless of the state of the economy .
If you have one of these jobs already , congrats !
If not , you may wish to consider retraining for one of these careers today !
Few people have been working as tirelessly to preserve the diversity of American foods than Gary Nabhan .
Nabhan is a man who likes to shun labels and boundaries .
He ’s a professor of Geography , a conservationist , a poet , a rancher , a prolific author , and the founder of two groundbreaking food advocacy groups : Native Seeds / SEARCH focusing on preserving indigenous southwestern seeds , and later the RAFT alliance of food , farming , environmental and culinary advocates .
The author of numerous books , his most recent title is Where Our Food Comes From , describing a round the world journey that Nabhan took retracing the steps of food pioneer Nikolay Vavilov .
When I caught up with Nabhan for this interview , we discussed some of the impacts of modern farming , the implications of biological complexity , and the direction of the sustainable food movement .
Get the latest articles in your inbox .
French :
In an article a while ago I quoted a friend of mine who said “ Agriculture has become one of the most destructive activities in the world , ” and I received a lot of angry response from farmers .
Nabhan :
But look at the floods in recent years – we caused this .
We removed the bottomland forests and we simplified ecosystems .
As I literally flew from Madison to Denver , and I just saw water moving soil to the Mississippi mouth and into the Gulf and we now have an anoxic zone in the Gulf of Mexico killing fisheries for miles .
French : I ’ve been looking for a farmer to stand up and say “ This is a preventable disaster , ” after the last floods , but I did n’t hear anyone say , “ We can prevent this ?
We can keep our farms and soil intact . ”
Nabhan :
When RAFT came out with advice and went to the Plains states , I said “ Look , when we had Bison on perennial prairies of legumes , grasses , and sunflowers , we also had micro Buffalo wallows that kept the water and nutrients in place , and created an array of water and habitat to support Prairie Chickens and game birds .
And if we move back to a perennial wild - lands based food system and use bison to restore the prairies we would n’t have this flooding .
French :
And did people hear you ?
Nabhan :
No , they responded “ What are you talking about ?
I have my bison in a feedlot .
People will expect free range bison , and we do n’t have the land for that ! ”
French :
So , now we ’re in the situation where the direction we are going in is n’t working , but we ’re exporting it worldwide as fast as we can while we ’re retreating from it slowly ourselves …is n’t that a crazy conundrum ?
Nabhan :
It ’s always tough when you tell other people “ Oh , do n’t go down that path . ”
And they look at your lifestyle and say “ You ’re telling us to be more sustainable ? ? ”
There are incredible ironies there .
We will never pump from the ground as much fossil fuel and ground water again as we have in the last century .
It ’s just never going to be that subsidized for cheap natural resources .
And so we are going to have to return to the biological wisdom embedded in the natural food diversity and local knowledge .
And fortunately , other countries are still closer to those wellsprings of food security than we are .
French :
But it ’s changing so quickly , is n’t it ?
You probably heard about the decline of the Mediterranean Diet .
As fast and convenience foods enter the small Mediterranean towns , people are getting heart disease and diabetes for the first time .
Nabhan : Yes , and not just there , but all over the world .
French :
So , in this modern environment what guides us in the right direction ?
Nabhan :
Well , I live in the Arizona desert and make sun tea and drink it all the time .
When I was on the road I used to get Arizona Iced Tea , without realizing that the number one ingredient was fructose , and that drinking all that fructose was changing my satiation patterns .
And so my point is that things that formally worked in our bodies to keep that compass aligned are now getting mixed signals or being completely deceived by the chemicals embedded in our foods .
French : Just like the California condors are killing their chicks by feeding them bottle caps and other metal objects .
Nabhan : Right , good food is not hardwired .
My Why Some Like It Hot book is on that topic of complexity .
Being trained as a scientist we know there are gene - environment interactions .
It ’s not solely biological determinism , it ’s also environmental feedback loops – that triumvirate of “ cultural , environmental , and genetic ” – gets you into some complex areas where the signals are easily fooled and confounded .
French :
With the biotechnology industry trying to produce food that is “ better , ” on the website of Monsanto they cite a farmer - scientist saying , roughly , I ’m comfortable knowing that farmers are good stewards of what they are doing .
We should trust the farmers , therefore the food is good .
Nabhan :
You know , I see so many parallels between what ’s happening in our economy overall and what ’s happening in our food systems , there are parallel philosophies .
We ’ve over - valued certain things , we ’ve forgotten certain things .
Just like the money between banks in this way that everyone is counting it as collateral and we have home prices ascending but everyone knew it was a paper empire that was going to collapse .
This is the same as planting 20 million acres of a GMO corn in the first year that this corn is released .
Inevitably , there are going to be problems with that .
That we are going to break down the reciprocity with a particular pest control , whether it ’s inserted into the genome of the corn or hand applied by an organic gardener corn silk , we are going to lose the effectiveness of any pest control strategy if we put it out on 20 million acres at the same time .
So , the probability that we are going to see a collapse of industrial agriculture parallel with the related collapse of our financial system is just not prophecy , its inevitability .
French :
Are we going in the right direction , for a sustainable food movement ?
Nabhan :
My hesitation is what Wendell Berry says “ be skeptical of all movements .
So do n’t Missionize anything . ”
Because we already know what part of the problem that Missionizing creates , when you say “ Think like me . ”
That ’s a major problem .
There are really only two kinds of cultures in the world : the ones that try to convert others to their values and the ones that are susceptible to being converted – in part because they resist converting anyone to themselves .
French :
There ’s a new study , by the National Wildlife Federation , about the decline of teaching ecology and environmental topics in the United States .
There are fewer courses taught , and fewer courses required , in America ’s college campuses .
Meanwhile , there is an increase of environmental awareness overall .
Nabhan :
Why are n’t we teaching every kid natural history , rather than thinking that we can have good environmental scientists that do n’t even know the birds and butterflies and plants that are in their ecosystem models ?
I mean , I really do n’t understand the logic !
French : Because more than ever , as green and eco and buzzwords are flying around …
Nabhan :
Well , I do n’t think that sustainability has any meaning anymore , it ’s been distorted so much .
French :
Even the USDA says that “ some terms defy definition .
Sustainable agriculture is one of them . ”
Nabhan : Unbelievable .
Well , the USDA can’t talk to people about values .
And sustainable is a values based idea .
Away from mainstream pop , Japan 's best rock 'n ' roll bands have always been female .
And most of them make western music 's masculine posturing look positively puny
Japanese society might like to dogmatically adhere to gender roles , but for decades women have subverted social codes by forming brilliant bands that put their male counterparts to shame .
Today , this is represented by Japan 's roster of hard - rocking riot grrls .
From Yoko
Ono to today 's new breed , Nippon 's femme fatales succeed in making western rock 's masculine posturing look positively puny .
In celebration of these all - girl bands , Tokyo club night Saiko hosted last week a special Rock Chick event , showcasing the latest female - fronted acts the city has to offer .
Event organiser Dan Grunebaum thinks it was an idea that " could n't be more obvious , " but nobody had previously attempted , which is strange considering the great bands to choose from .
Historically , bands like Shonen Knife ( who toured with Nirvana and counted Kurt Cobain among their most vocal fans ) and Seagull Screaming Kiss Her Kiss Her ( who released a record in the UK after Courtney Love bigged them up in NME ) , suport the idea of women reigning supreme in the upper echelons of J - rock 's hierarchy .
Then there are noiseniks Melt Banana and a host of others , including Akiko Wada , Ex -Girl and Buffalo Daughter to name a few .
At Rock Chick , new acts Natccu ( who is touring the UK in May with electro - femmes Tokyo Pinsalocks ) and Bo-Peep play love - laden indie and lairy punk respectively .
Every moment of it is thrilling .
" Japan has a culture of karaoke , " says Natccu , " so vocal melodies are really important to us .
There are a lot of famous female singers in Japan and have been for a long time , since showa pop and the enka singer Hibari Misora .
Female singers are perceived as being better than men because their voices are more melodic . "
Meanwhile Reiko , drummer in the awesome Tokyo Pinsalocks , cites that city 's liberal attitude towards gender as giving rise to the riot grrl renaissance .
" In Tokyo , women are free to do what they want .
We know lots of other female artists ( not only musicians , but DJs and photographers ) and we all express our own opinions on art .
I know it 's different for office ladies and , generally speaking , gender relations are far behind European standards , but for us personally there 's nothing holding us back . "
Though the alternative scene may be free from stereotypes , Japan 's music mainstream has female pop idols like Ayumi Hamasaki and Morning Musume ( an ever rotating lineup of twee - pop touting teens ) to maintain the gender - imbalanced status quo , where a girl 's world is limited to shoes , shopping and Twittering over tabloid scandal .
It 's no surprise that this section of the entertainment industry is overseen by powerful men .
" Japanese women rockers represent an alternative to patriarchy by operating outside of the male - dominated entertainment industry , " says Grunebaum .
" Many Japanese women rockers say and do what they want because they have no interest in joining the mainstream , and commercially have nothing to lose . "
However , perhaps feminist forcefulness is what mainstream Japanese pop needs .
Strong female acts like Shiina Ringo and Yuki have enjoyed huge commercial success and represent a more substantial appreciation of womanhood by Japan 's pop-loving masses .
What 's clear is that , with female - fronted bands continuing to reign supreme , Japan 's gender roles are slowly changing .
It ’s a widespread misconception that these are SUVs and glowing sports cars that stolen most often , but you believe it or not these are innocent Toyota and Honda sedans that become the victim of theft quite often .
According to the list issued by National Insurance Crime the following 10 vehicles mostly became the victim of theft quite frequently during the past some years .
Honda Civic Toyota Camry Honda Accord Dodge Caravan Chevy C1500 Pickup Ford F - 150 Dodge Ram Pickup Acura Integra Toyota Pickup Nissan Sentra
Car theft gangs working in almost all parts of the world that have made car theft a really profitable business .
Do n’t reckon auto theft something like kids taking a car for joyriding , but contrarily you need to reckon it a big business operated by some evil minded people who first get orders for a particular vehicle and then the theft of that particular vehicle is made possible with the help of local thieves .
If you do n’t want to be a victim of car theft , the following tips can be very handy to avoid car theft .
First of all , you should n’t park your car at an area which you reckon unsafe and unguarded for your vehicle .
So , always park your car in a secure and guarded parking area .
People who steal cars want to hide their identity at any cost and they do not commit such things when some area is monitored with most of cameras .
Your second step is always to take keys out of ignition and bring these keys with you when getting out of some car .
Though you may reckon it a common sense sort of thing , yet some stats reveal that people who often stolen their vehicles when they were in some convenience store when there car was running .
If some thief has eyes on your car , you must do something to discourage him and parallel parking in other tightly parked vehicles is one of your options , as it will be tough for the thief to get out your car from such places .
Many of you may reckon car alarms ineffective , but in actual it is not so .
You must make the most of offers from insurance companies that give special discount if some anti-theft device is installed in your car .
These people are quite well aware of the fact that anti-theft devices prove quite effective against theft .
There are two negative things for a car thief in an anti-theft device .
The first one is that it takes considerable time to get disabled and secondly if it goes off , it would draw unwanted attention to their evil designs .
You believe it or not , but your car may be the next target of your theft .
So , take as much care as you can and make the most of these tips to avoid car theft .
The chairman of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , Stephen J. Friedman , abruptly resigned on Thursday , days after a newspaper article raised questions about his ties to his former employer , Goldman Sachs .
Mr. Friedman , who led or co-led Goldman from 1990 until 1994 and remains a director , was chairman of the New York Fed at the same time .
He also held a substantial stake in the firm as the Federal Reserve drew up plans to keep Wall Street ’s banks afloat .
Denis M. Hughes , the New York Fed ’s deputy chairman , will take over as interim chairman , the organization said in a statement .
Because the New York Fed approved a request by Goldman to become a bank holding company , the chairman ’s involvement in Goldman was a violation of Fed policy , The Wall Street Journal reported in an article this week .
From time to time it is not that the game succeeds but
I ’ve just found a morbidly fascinating 1984 study on hallucinations in hostages and kidnap victims .
The paper is from the Journal of Nervous and Mental Disease and contains case studies of people who have been held captive by terrorists , kidnappers , rapists , robbers , enemy troops and , er… UFOs .
The reasoning behind including two ‘ alien abductees ’ was to compare hallucinations in verified versus unverified hostage situations .
Cases of people who were hostages but did not hallucinate are also included .
The study found that one in four hostages had intense hallucinations , and these were invariably people who were in life - threatening situations .
Isolation , visual deprivation , physical restraint , violence and death threats also seemed to contribute to the chance of having a hallucinatory experience .
Case 14 A 23 - year - old member of a street gang was taken hostage by a rival gang .
He was kept in a warehouse , blindfolded and tied to a chair , for 32 hours .
He was severely beaten and forced to record ransom demands on a tape recorder .
During captivity he became dissociated – “ even when they were hitting on me I just tripped out , got out of my body … it was like I was high on Sherms ( phencyclidine ) . ”
At one point he felt detached from his body and “ floated ” to the ceiling where he observed himself being beaten and burned with cigarettes but denied having any pain .
He saw colorful geometric patterns in the air and flashes of past memories “ like a dream , only I kept seeing devils and cops and monsters … nightmares I guess ” .
Eventually he was released when his gang paid the ransom .
Some of the case studies are a little disturbing , but it ’s worth reading the paper in full if you can , or at least from the beginning of the case studies , as it ’s a rarely discussed but remarkably striking aspect of human experience .
Link to article on ‘ Hostage Hallucinations ’ .
Link to PubMed entry for same .
Antibiotics are misunderstood as some form of drug for all illnesses from the common cold to the flu to an earache and more .
And that is not what antibiotics are for .
Antibiotics are commonly known as penicillin or any of the various other names .
Antibiotics should only be used against a bacteria and not a virus .
The common cold , flu ( influenza ) , earache and bronchitis are caused by a virus and not bacterial .
Antibiotics do nothing against a virus .
Many times someone with the flu will get antibiotics , so you wonder why are they getting antibiotics if the flu is a virus .
Because the flu can turn into pneumonia and pneumonia is usually caused by a bacteria , that ’s why it is treated with an antibiotic .
The pneumonia is being treated with the antibiotic , not the influenza .
An illness such as meningitis can be either .
It can be viral caused by a virus or it can be bacterial caused by a bacteria .
Bed rest for viral and antibiotics for the bacterial .
This is why you have to clean any cuts you get , if bacteria gets in the cut , you can get a bacterial infection and for that you would need an antibiotic like penicillin .
For too many years now , doctors have been prescribing antibiotics for everything like cold , flu , sore throats and earaches to children .
Doctors should know better even when parents insist the doctor write out a prescription .
The only sore throat that needs to be treated with antibiotics is strep .
In a study done by Harvard Medical School “ Health officials estimate that just between 15 percent and 36 percent of children with sore throats actually have strep .
If the study 's findings hold true for the entire population , that means between 1.3 million and 2.8 million children with sore throats are getting antibiotics unnecessarily each year . ” [ 1 ]
So how does this affect all of us ?
Think of your body as a corporation with its bosses and departments .
When your body is invaded by a bacteria or virus your body takes note of this .
Your immune system will look at it and decide how best to fight it and then it goes into fighting it .
Your body also keeps a record of this .
It files what it saw , how it fought it and what it fought it with and puts this into your body ’s computer database .
Each time someone tries to invade your company the boss yells out to look into the database and if it is something that has invaded before , they go to the warehouse and get what worked last time .
That is called the immune system .
When you get sick your body will try and find a way to get rid of the invader and it will file away all the information for later use .
That is what building up your immunity means .
This is how a vaccine works , it shows your body a possible invader and your body looks at it and decides how to fight it and stores the information into the database and the weapons to fight it go into the warehouse for possible use .
Now your body did n’t have to do much because vaccines are dead virus cells , but your body certainly took note and filed it away .
If later in the season this invader shows up full force , your boss is going to call out to look it up in the database and go to the warehouse and get out the proper ammunition so your body can fight this , because it had the information already filed away .
At some point you get a cold or the flu and your body sees this invader as a threat .
You as the owner demand a lawyer , Mr. Penicillin , to take care of this virus invader right now , the lawyer says he cannot do anything about it that you need to fight this yourself .
You tell him to get to work , but since this is a virus , penicillin is totally ineffective .
Since you get better , the next time you call on Mr. Penicillin again .
What really made you better was that your white cell department went to work making more white cells , which fight infections and viruses so your body on its own fought back the viral cold or flu .
Every time you ask for penicillin when it ’s not needed , you weaken your body ’s ability to use penicillin the next time .
These bacterial invaders are not stupid either , every time they come across an antibiotic like penicillin they take note of this as well and store it in their own database , making themselves stronger and more resistant to penicillin the next time , and that ’s why we are getting so - called super bugs today .
More of these super bacterial infections that the normal penicillin used to fight off do n’t work any more , because the bacteria have learned , adjusted and changed into more powerful bacterial infections .
An example is MRSA , which stands for methicillin - resistant Staphylococcus aureus , a staph infection that has become antibiotic resistant .
That is how the overuse of antibiotics has hurt all of us .
It does n’t matter if you have n’t taken a lot of antibiotics over the years ; the bacterial bugs are changing into super bugs because everyone has taken so many antibiotics .
And if one of these super bugs tries to invade you , a normal antibiotic might not work .
Super bugs now call for super antibiotics .
The over prescribing of antibiotics is one major cause of this , so is eating antibiotics in our food .
Animals are given antibiotics to ward off and treat bacterial infections in them so they can be healthy enough for slaughter and sold for food such as beef , chicken and pork .
We are ingesting antibiotics this way as well , unless you buy antibiotic free meat .
Not all bacteria are bad for us .
Throughout human evolution our bodies have come into contact with bacteria and our body ’s have learned from this .
This has built our immune system , our body ’s database .
Getting rid of all bacteria is not a good thing and that is why the overuse of antibiotics and even the overuse of antibacterial soaps have not been healthy for us .
Over prescribing antibiotics drives up health care cost , limits antibiotics effectiveness and when over prescribing to kids it puts them at risk for any other side effects as well .
Note :
The word antibiotic has been normally associated with antibacterial drugs such as the family of penicillin drugs .
Recently there have been developments with antiviral antibiotics that treat some types of viral infections .
© 2009 Sam Montana
Resources :
[ 1 ] Harvard paper on over prescribing antibiotics
Mayo Clinic
LOS ANGELES --
The officer caught on tape kicking a suspect in the head reportedly owns a clothing company that glorifies gang life , according to the Whittier Daily News .
The newspaper identified the officer in question as George Fierro .
According to records at El Monte City Hall , he owns Torcido Clothing , the Whittier Daily News reported .
The clothing line " features some of the hardest authentic jail house threads for the streets .
Straight from East L.A. , Califas ... " according to its website .
And in case you 're not familiar with the market for jail house threads for the streets , " Torcido " is Spanish street slang for " Busted . "
The site even has a full glossary to help translate words found on its clothing .
Some highlights include :
" GREEN LIGHTERS :
When the EME puts a gangsters name on the ' hit list ' to be assaulted or killed . "
" DROP OUT CREW :
When a gang member informs on his gang crimminal [ sic ] activity to quit the gang . "
" 186.22186.22 : CA
Penal Code ; Gang Allegation Section Sentence enhancement when crime committed for the benefit of the gang ( also requires to register as a Gang Offender ) "
You can see the irony starting to form : the cop who kicked an unarmed gang member in the head is reportedly selling gang - life clothing .
Cal State Fullerton ethics instructor Jay Wachtel told the Whittier Daily News that Fierro 's business is " completely inconsistent " with his duties as an officer .
" I can't possibly imagine a law enforcement officer selling clothes that glorify gang activity , " Wachtel told the newspaper .
The Whittier Daily News also reported that Fierro filed a lawsuit against the El Monte Police Department for allegedly being passed over for promotions because he reported suspected misconduct of other officers .
This whole thing started Wednesday when video from NBC4's chopper captured an officer kicking a suspect lying on the ground with his arms and legs spread .
The suspect was identified as 23 - year - old Richard Rodriguez of El Monte .
Police say Rodriguez is a known gang member and was flashing gang signs during the high - speed pursuit that led to his arrest .
The officer , who the Whittier Daily News identified as Fierro , has been reassigned to non-patrol duties , while El Monte police and the Los Angeles County Sherriff 's Department conduct separate and concurrent investigations , said El Monte Police Lt. Ken Alva .
The department is withholding judgment until the investigations are completed .
" I worked internal affairs for four years and I have learned that you do not make a decision in a vacuum , " El Monte Police Chief Tom Armstrong said Wednesday .
" I do not know what was in the mind of that officer , as to why he did that .
I saw the individual turn his head toward the officer . "
Rodriguez was booked on suspicion of felony evading .
He also was held for possible parole violation , meaning he is not eligible for bail .
An armed gang disguised as police has broken into a jail in northern Mexico and freed more than 50 prisoners .
A convoy of at least 15 vehicles arrived at the prison with gang members all apparently disguised as federal police officers .
Once inside , the prison authorities were persuaded that an inspection was under way and guards were overpowered .
A manhunt is underway for the fugitives - believed to be linked to the powerful drug smuggling Gulf cartel .
Army troops as well as local and federal police have begun a search and set up roadblocks near the prison facility in Zacatecas and neighbouring states .
President Felipe Calderon has declared war on the illegal narcotic organisation in Mexico , deploying 40,000 troops to fight the cartels .
In some regions instances of beheadings and attacks on police have become commonplace , with the deaths of 6,000 people last year alone blamed on illegal narcotics .
But progress in the war against the cartels has been limited by the fact that in the face of well armed and well financed drug cartels , this country 's law and order institutions have proved weak and easily corruptible , the BBC's Stephen Gibbs in Mexico City says .
Posted on April 16 , 2009 in Images
This was snapped in the Gaborone , the capital of Botswana .
Botswana is a southern African country with an HIV / AIDS prevalence rate estimated at 23 % .
[ tags ] hiv / aids poster , botswana , masturbation , alternatives to sex , safe sex , education , aids poster , sub - saharan africa , subsaharan africa , hiv prevention , ad campaign , advertisement [ / tags ]
Let 's put this straight right off the bat : favoring the use of torture is not a political position , it 's a mental illness .
Any further discussion of torture should be unnecessary .
However , since our our national media seems to be enthusiastically pimping depravity as a governing principle , we might as well point out that the guys that have been there , done that , seen the elephant show and lived to come home ?
They say it does n't work , is n't worth it , and they want nothing to do with it .
If you need further evidence , check out Mike Ritz , a former SERE instructor who worked with our servicemen and women to prepare them for harsh interrogations torture , and who went on to found his own private " stress laboratory " where he could " use just about any technique " he had read about to " see what kind of results he could get . "
Tony Lagouranis , a former Army interrogator who questioned prisoners in several locations , including Abu Ghraib .
In other words , these are two people who have tortured other people , neither of them is shy about that fact , and they are willing to talk about that experience .
Both men appeared on NPR's Tell Me More ( audio link ) .
The guys who have really done this stuff to actual human beings do not exactly back up the words of American 's biggest Dick .
First off , they discussed the difference between what service people in the intelligence field had been trained to do , and what they were then asked to do by the Bush administration .
Michel Martin ( HOST ) : Tony , do you think that any of the techniques that you were trained in constitute torture ?
TONY Lagouranis : I was n't trained in those techniques that I would call torture , that 's part of the problem .
In training we were told we had to follow Geneva Conventions to the letter , which would n't involve any harsh or coercive techniques .
Once we got into Iraq we were told Geneva Conventions did n't apply and we were given a new set of rules , for which we did n't have training .
Those rules were sort of open ended .
In fact , the document called " Interrogation Rules of Engagement " said the interrogator needs the freedom to be creative in the interrogation .
These were only guidelines .
Among those guidelines were the use of military working dogs , sleep deprivation , inducing hypothermia or extreme heat , isolation -- I do believe those things constitute torture .
So even those people who had been trained to carry out interrogation suddenly found themselves confronted by rules that had not been tested in the field .
They were unprepared , untrained , and left on their own with open - ended " guidelines " that encouraged " harsh treatment . "
And they were in an environment where their fellow servicemen and women were dying every day from bombs , snipers , and ambushes .
How do you suppose that worked out for them ?
HOST : s there some cost to you , psychologically or emotionally , in using these techniques ?
TONY : Yes .
When I came back I was experiencing intense guilt .
I 'm still dealing with that , and I think that any sane person put in the situation that I was of brutalizing a helpless person , it does n't matter who they are , you 're going to suffer psychological consequences .
A friend of mine trained with me as an interrogator and trained in Arabic with me .
She was sent to Iraq and asked to use these harsh techniques in the interrogation booth in Tal Afar .
She refused , twice .
She was ultimately taken off of her post .
She ... she killed herself rather than use these techniques .
We 're asking our young servicemen and women to make a choice .
To torture people or destroy themselves , and I do n't think that 's how we want to treat our service people .
I wonder if , when tallying all those imaginary people saved from imaginary plots foiled by torture , Cheney takes a moment to subtract the very real people in our military -- and in our intelligence services -- damaged by their involvement with these procedures ?
No , of course not .
Dick Cheney , king of deferments , lord of the hidden bunker , is far to tough to worry about something like that .
Why would any member of the service let disobedience of these rules drive them to such distraction that they would take their own life ?
Host :
You can disobey an order that 's unlawful .
In the real world does that happen ?
TONY : Yes , but we were given rules of engagement issued by the Pentagon , so we believed that the orders issued were legal .
That 's the real effect of the dry memos and furtive phone calls to the White House .
That 's where it really came down .
Men and women who had already volunteered to put themselves on the line for a nation they loved found themselves trapped by orders that they they were told were legal , but which they knew to be immoral .
It was a torture as painful as any being used in dark cells .
People who put on the uniform of the United States were then ordered to dishonor everything that uniform stands for .
It 's hard to imagine a deeper betrayal .
What did we get in exchange for our honor ?
HOST : one of the points of contention in this debate is whether the techniques actually yield useful information .
Vice President Dick Cheney has been very insistent that the information obtained using these methods was important to American safety .
TONY : In my experience they did n't yield any useful information .
Even if it did , you could n't separate it from the information that was n't useful .
You can torture somebody into confessing to any crime you want .
I could torture you until you confessed to murdering JFK , but that does n't mean you did it , and it 's certainly not intelligence .
But we only tortured the worst of the worst , people we knew had done us harm .
TONY : Many of the detainees I interrogated , and tortured , did n't have information to give me .
They had n't committed any crime or action against the US forces .
Beyond that , even when you 're dealing with someone who does have information , I think that torturing them is the worst possible way to go .
The FBI does not use torture and they have a 90 % success rate in their interrogation practices , and I saw nothing close to that in Iraq using any of these techniques .
MIKE Ritz : I agree with Tony completely .
I 'd like to point out this is n't guesswork , we know this to be fact .
If you look at the case of Ibn al - Shaykh al - Libi who was initially captured and cooperated with FBI interrogations .
They were using report building techniques , they were giving him the incentive of promising that his wife and family could come to the United States .
And this guy , who was very guilty , was cooperating , giving us actual intelligence information .
What happened was that the CIA came in , asked if they could use more enhanced interrogation techniques on the individual and through rendition took him to a foreign country .
They utilized those techniques .
At first he clammed up completely , and then ultimately he linked al - Qaeda to Iraq and claimed that Iraq had trained al - Qaeda in weapons of mass destruction , which we now know to be completely false information and some would speculate sparked the war .
When these techniques are used as part of military training exercises , they come with limits , with guidelines on duration , with supervision , with knowledge from both those undergoing the torture and those administering it , that the technique is as physically safe as it can be .
That 's a far cry from something being done in a room where emotions are running high , supervisors are out of sight , and the guidelines are ill defined .
MIKE : There is an effect on individuals who subject others to any of this cruel treatment .
There are psychologists at SERE school who are there to not only evaluate the people undergoing the training , but to evaluate the staff and cadre that are there to make sure that they 're not losing their senses .
That they are maintaining composure .
How different is it when the psychologists are the ones directing torture and asking for ever harsher treatment ?
Cheney may want to blame what happened at Abu Ghraib on a few rotten apples , but when you take people whose buddies are dying around them , tell them that the rules they were taught back in training are void , and provide examples by way of CIA contractors who are redefining the boundaries in daily phone calls with the president 's personal attorney ...
It 's not the apples that are rotten , it 's the tree .
I think it ’s about time to show people where I am in terms of how the battles look in GSB , although lately I ’ve been working on website - integration stuff rather than the battle scenes themselves .
This short video gives you a general impression of how some of the larger scale battles look .
You can also see the bits where I play about with the playback time , which is great fun .
Although GSB is really a game about strategy and planning , I know people will judge it at a first impression from how the battle scenes look , which is pretty inevitable , so I ’m very open to any suggestions or criticism .
The pre-battle configuration and ship - design screens are still a work in progress so I wo n’t be showing video or screens of them for a while .
Everything works , but the exact way in which the GUI will be arranged needs some fiddling , and all of the data is pretty placeholder , so I probably have some hugely unbalanced stuff in there right now .
I ’m quite please with how it looks though .
If you have a youtube account , please post a motivational comment for me :D
Click to email this to a friend ( Opens in new window )
We here at TED are thrilled to announce this news !
NEW YORK , May 13 , 2009 —
The acclaimed 18 - minute talks available free on the TED website will now be accessible beyond the English - speaking world , through the TED Open Translation Project ( www.ted.com/translation), which launches today , generously sponsored by Nokia .
A year in the making , the project offers video subtitles , time - coded transcripts and the ability for volunteers worldwide to translate any talk into any language .
The project launches with 300 translations in 40 languages ; more than 200 volunteer translators have already contributed .
Download the Open Translation Project press release as a PDF >>
“ TED ’s mission is to spread good thinking globally , and so it ’s high time we began reaching out to the 4.5 billion people on the planet who do n’t speak English , ” says TED Curator Chris Anderson .
“ We ’re excited to be using a bottom - up , open - source approach that will in time allow all our talks to be translated into all the world ’s languages .
A web - empowered revolution in global education is under way .
We ’re not far from the day when anyone on Earth can directly access the world ’s great teachers speaking to them in their own language .
How cool is that ? ”
Each of the 400 + talks on TED.com will now offer :
+ Subtitles , in English and many additional languages ( several videos carry up to 25 languages at launch )
+ A time - coded , interactive transcript , in multiple languages , which lets you click on any phrase and jump straight to that point in the video .
This makes the entire content of the video indexable on search engines
+ Translated headlines and video descriptions , which appear when a new language is selected
+ Language - specific URLs which play the chosen subtitles by default
The TED Open Translation Project is one of the most comprehensive attempts by a major media platform to subtitle and index online video content .
It ’s also a groundbreaking effort in the public , professional use of volunteer translation .
“ Volunteer translation will be increasingly important for anyone trying to reach a global audience , ” says June Cohen , Executive Producer of TED Media .
“ It ’s the only feasible way to reach all the world ’s languages .
Crowd - sourced translation creates communities of volunteers who are passionate about producing great work , accountable for the accuracy of their translations , and invested in evolving the system itself .
It turns users into true participants , helping to spread ideas . ”
Crowd - sourced translations in all the world ’s languages
To launch the Open Translation Project , a handful of talks were professionally translated into 20 languages .
But all translations going forward will be provided by volunteers .
In fact , volunteer translators have already contributed more than 200 published translations to the project ( with 450 more in development ) .
These volunteers range from well - organized groups working together in their own language , to lone translators working individually and matched by TED with others .
To support this program , TED and technology partner dotSUB have developed a set of tools that allow participants around the world to translate their favorite talks into their own language .
This approach is scalable , and — importantly — allows speakers of less - dominant languages an equal opportunity to spread ideas within their communities .
This open - source approach mimics the successful strategies of products like Wikipedia , Linux and Mozilla , which have proven the power -– and ultimate reliability –- of open solutions .
Crowd - sourced translation has already been proven effective on a handful of sites worldwide , including Wikipedia and the Global Voices blog at Harvard ’s Berkman Center for Internet & Society .
To ensure quality translations , TED established a set of guidelines and systems to help translators deliver the best work possible .
To begin with , a professionally generated ( and speaker - approved ) English transcript is provided for each talk , so that all translations are based on the same source document .
TED then requires every translation to be reviewed by a second fluent speaker before it ’s published ; both translator and reviewer are credited by name on the site .
TED controls the final “ publish ” button ( nothing is “ automatically ” published ) , and there are feedback mechanisms for ongoing community input and improvement after publication .
At launch , TED ’s Open Translation Project will include more than 300 translations , in more than 40 languages , including Arabic , Bengali , Bulgarian , Chinese , Danish , Dutch , Finnish , French , German , Greek , Hebrew , Hindi , Hungarian , Italian , Japanese , Kannada , Kirghiz , Korean , Norwegian , Persian , Polish , Portuguese , Romanian , Russian , Spanish , Swahili , Swedish , Tamil , Telugu , Thai , Turkish , Urdu and Vietnamese .
Our translators hail from cities from Beijing to Buenos Aires ; Tehran to Tel Aviv ; Espoo , Finland , to Barranquilla , Colombia .
Accurate , searchable , interactive transcripts for every TEDTalk
Each of the 400 + TED talks now has a time - coded , interactive transcript , in English and all available languages .
Using this interactive transcript , a user can select any phrase and have the video play from the point where that phrase is spoken .
The transcripts will be fully indexable by search engines — in all languages — exposing previously inaccessible content within the talks themselves .
For example , someone searching on Google for “ green roof ” will ultimately find the moment in architect William McDonough ’s talk when he discusses Ford ’s River Rouge plant , and also the moment in Majora Carter ’s talk when she speaks of her green roof project in the South Bronx .
Questions about the project ?
Write to subtitles@ted.com or read the FAQ .
Once your students have become comfortable on the computer you can start doing some really interesting lessons .
From about 4th grade on you the option to a wide variety of research projects .
Once students have learned web basics you can help them learn to create a simple website .
I find that a blog is perfect for this introductory lesson , as it is simple to setup and has a social aspect that the kids really enjoy .
If your not familiar with what a blog is then do n’t worry , you do n’t need to be an expert to blog with your class .
Just think of a blog as a simple website .
Most blogs can be auto - installed , so that part of the process is easy .
They also come with pre-installed templates , so a simple design is easy to use .
Blogging With Your Middle School Classroom
If you want to share something interesting with your middle school students , which also helps them to learn new skills and express themselves , then you ’ll benefit from blogging with your middle school classroom .
Middle school students are at very communicative ages , so most students in middle school really love sharing their thoughts and opinions .
When you give your students the option of blogging , you ’ll allow them to share the ways that they think and feel with a larger audience .
Today , we ’d like to help you get the ball rolling , by outlining the perfect template for success .
How to Get Started
The first step is letting your middle school class know what a blog actually is .
Explain that a blog is a web page or website which is updated a lot and which is run by one person or a small group ( i.e. you and your students ) .
Also , let your students know that blogs typically present Web content that is written in a casual and conversational way .
The next step is creating a focus for your blog .
One of the easiest strategies is to make your blog an online book club , where students post reviews of books that they ’ve been assigned during class .
Blogging should always have a strong educational component and this type of format will help you to ensure that students are learning via the typical curriculum as they explore the pleasures and possibilities of blogging .
Whatever the focus of the class blog is , it should be understood by all students .
Naturally , it ’s nice to find a focus that middle school students are able to get excited about .
During the third step , you should get the blogging started .
However , everything should happen offline .
This is the preparatory phase .
Now , let ’s talk about how to move forward , towards the step when students are able to hit the “ publish ” button inside of the blog interface and then see their work online .
Assign Blog Post Topics to Students
Next , you ’ll need to create a lesson plan for the first round of blog posts from your students .
This means assigning a topic for each student .
Another strategy is having a class discussion about possible topics .
It ’s probably simpler to do it yourself .
However , the class may really appreciate the opportunity to select blog post topics of their own .
How you handle this step is up to you .
As long as everyone gets a blog post topic which is educational , while also being fun for the student to write , it ’s all good .
After topics are assigned , it ’s time to hand out a list of blog post instructions .
For example , you may want to assign a word count .
Five hundred words is a good length for blog posts .
Ask the students to come up with headlines and also a couple of sub - headings per post .
The instructions can be pretty simple .
They will help students to structure their writings in a way that is blog - friendly .
Remind students to check over their work for grammatical errors and spelling errors .
Also , let them know how they should create the drafts .
Should they use Microsoft Word or create their drafts in another way ?
It ’s up to you .
Word documents are easy to post into blog interfaces , so Word is a good option and most students will have access to it .
It might be good to ask the kids to send their drafts to your school email address as attachments when they are done .
Again , you have total leeway in terms of how to collect the drafts , whether they are hand - written or digital documents .
To wrap up the instructions , set a deadline for the first drafts of their blog posts .
Now , it ’s your turn to do some work .
You ’ll need to go over the blog posts and request edits if they are needed .
Try to let the individual voices of your students come through while you ’re editing .
These individual voices are really what blogging is all about !
Add Posts to the Interface
After the posts are edited , they may be uploaded to the blog interface .
This offers another great opportunity for students to learn .
Walk them through the process by explaining how the blog interface works .
They are all different .
For example , if your students will be creating blog posts in WordPress , teach them how to paste their content into WordPress by using the “ kitchen sink ” feature .
Also , show them where to add the headlines and allow them to choose categories for their blog posts ( or select categories for them ) .
If you ’re really ambitious , explain how adding the right keywords and other features ( images , Meta tags , Image tags ) may help them to get more traffic for each blog post .
These elements are part of search engine optimization ( SEO ) .
They help search engines to find and classify new content at websites .
Stand by as your students add their posts to the interface .
Show them how to save their work and preview it before it ’s published .
Scan the preview posts to ensure that all content is age - appropriate and looks good .
Then , let your students hit the “ publish ” button .
After they do , they ’ll be able to see their blog posts at the blog .
This should be fun for them !
One tip is to moderate comments for the blog .
Do n’t let comments on your student ’s blog posts get published automatically .
A negative comment could come in which really hurts a student ’s feelings .
It ’s smarter to review comments carefully before you decide whether or not to publish them .
Also , you ’ll need to protect the privacy of your middle school students .
So , consider whether you want them to post under their own names or not .
In terms of privacy , it might be best to post things anonymously .
Teachers make different decisions about privacy levels .
A blog may represent the class and it may have the names of student contributors .
Another option is listing each writer as a “ contributor ?.
Now that you know how to start blogging with your middle school classroom , why not begin doing so today , or in the near future ?
Emma Wilkinson
Health reporter , BBC News
Eczema causes red itchy patches on the skin
The incidence of eczema is increasing dramatically in England , data suggests .
There was a 42 % rise in diagnosis of the condition between 2001 and 2005 , by which time it was estimated to affect 5.7 m adults and children .
One potential explanation for the rise is increased frequency of bathing and use of soap and detergents .
A paper in the Journal of the Royal Society of Medicine says eczema is thought to be a trigger for other allergic conditions .
GP records of over 9 m patients were used by researchers to assess how many people have the inflammatory skin disorder .
We do know there has been a huge rise in allergic disease of all sorts and what I would like to think is we 're seeing some small signs of people concentrating their minds on eczema
Margaret Cox , National Eczema Society
It showed that by 2005 , one in nine of the population had , at some point , been affected by eczema .
The highest rate was in boys aged between five and nine .
Prescriptions increased by 57 % over the five - year study period and in 2005 , GPs issued 13.7 m scripts .
Study leader Professor Aziz Sheikh , chair of the allergy and respiratory research group at the University of Edinburgh , said he expected to see a rise but it was fairly marked given the short time period .
" What 's quite striking is the very high proportion of people who are getting eczema , it 's an incredibly common disorder .
" Why eczema is important is increasingly we think eczema is a herald condition for individuals to go on to develop other allergic conditions , such as asthma and allergic rhinitis . "
The theory is that allergens may be able to cross the skin in people with eczema to cause disease whereas in people without the condition the skin is able to act as a barrier .
Environment
He added that it is likely that a proportion of individuals have a genetic predisposition to develop eczema but that environmental factors also play a large part , and it is these which are likely to be causing the increase .
" The environmental factors are frequency of bathing and use of soaps and detergents . "
It is also likely that some of the rise is due to better awareness and diagnosis .
He added that more research was needed on whether diagnosing and managing eczema properly early in life could prevent people going on to develop other conditions .
" The basic science suggests we can but the trials need to be done . "
Margaret Cox , chief executive of the National Eczema Society , said the general theory was eczema had been increasing but it was thought the rise had levelled off .
" We do know there has been a huge rise in allergic disease of all sorts and what I would like to think is we 're seeing some small signs of people concentrating their minds on eczema . "
She agreed that modern living seemed to be having an effect .
" Water use dries up the skin and soaps and detergents degrease the skin .
" We are using quite a lot of these products from an early age . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - U.S. Vice President Joe Biden acknowledged on Tuesday that some waste is inevitable in the spending of a $ 787 billion economic stimulus package , in a characteristically blunt assessment .
“ We know some of this money is going to be wasted , ” Biden said during a roundtable discussion in New York with business leaders aimed at promoting the two - year stimulus plan .
The package was approved by the Democratic - led Congress in February over the objections of most Republicans , who were concerned about the potential for wasteful spending and because it will add billions of dollars to U.S. deficit spending .
President Barack Obama placed Biden in charge of supervising implementation of the stimulus to underscore his promise of strict oversight of the package , which is aimed at creating or saving 3 million to 4 million jobs .
Biden said transparency and accountability are key to the program ’s success .
“ There are going to be mistakes made , ” said Biden .
“ Some people are being scammed already . ”
“ Our credibility depends on transparency ” for how taxpayers dollars are used , he added .
Biden ’s job is to help ensure that there are no bottlenecks in distributing money and that it will go to projects to help the economy recover .
He also said the country ’s battered housing sector is showing some signs of life after a ravaging four - year recession .
“ We ’re seeing solid hints of stabilization in many markets , including housing , ” Biden told a group of investors and students at Pace University ’s Lubin School of Business .
His remarks come just as an industry group reported a surprisingly sharp 6.7 percent rise in “ pending ” home sales for April .
Biden said that even when gross domestic product stops contracting , as it has been for the past 1 - 1 / 2 years , the labor market will have to heal before a recovery fully takes hold .
“ Improving an economy is not just about whether GDP is growing , ” said Biden .
Neal Wolin , the newly appointed Deputy Treasury Secretary , also expressed some optimism .
“ We are seeing initial signs of stability , with confidence improving and credit starting to ease , ” said Wolin .
Welcome to
amil.in
This domain is parked with INDYADOT.com
INDYADOT.com is an Accredited .
IN Registrar of India providing domain registration at an affordable price .
With numbers like these , it 's obvious why Texas Gov. Rick Perry is talking secession in the runup to what will be a tough primary battle against Sen.
Kay Bailey Hutchinson :
Research 2000 for Daily Kos. 4/20 - 22 .
Likely voters .
MoE 4 % ( No trend lines )
Do you think Texas would be better off as an independent nation or as part of the United States of America ?
US : 61
Independent nation : 35 Democrats : US 82 , Ind 15
Republicans : US 48 , Ind 48
Independents : US 55 , Ind 40
Do you approve or disapprove of Governor Rick Perry 's suggestion that Texas may need to leave the United States ?
Approve : 37
Disapprove : 58 Democrats : Approve 16 , Disapprove 80
Republicans : Approve 51 , Disapprove 44
Independents : Approve 43 , Disapprove 50
Wow .
Poor Austin , stuck in the middle of so much crazy .
This is legitimately scary stuff -- so - called " patriotic " Republicans are split in half over secession , while supposedly " unpatriotic " Democrats love America so much that they want to remain part of the United States .
And as Perry gears up for that tough primary , he 's got to like that 51 percent of like Republican voters approve of his traitorous talk .
Well , there 's 51 percent of Republicans who better not be flying an American flag .
They are spitting on Old Glory .
What next , burn her at the 4th of July Tea Parties ?
Ironically , the United States would be ( politically ) better off without Texas , making it near - impossible for Republicans to control much of anything in the 49 - state union :
-- If Texas were not in the Union , the Democrats would currently have a filibuster - proof majority in the Senate -- or at least they would once Al Franken gets seated .
This is because , in a 98 - seat Senate , only 59 votes would be required to break a filibuster .
--
If Texas were not in the Union , the Republicans would operate from a significantly weakened position in the House , since the net 8 - vote advantage their congressional delegation gives them in the state ( they have 20 seats to the Democrats ' 12 ) is by far their largest .
--
If Texas were not in the Union , George W. Bush would never have become President in 2000 -- not because he'd be constitutionally ineligible ( Bush , despite his Texas twang , was born in posh New Haven , Connecticut ) .
Rather , he would n't have had enough Electoral Votes to defeat Al Gore . --
If Texas were not in the Union , Barack Obama would have won the Electoral College 389 - 147 instead of 365-173 ( note that there are two fewer votes total , because there would be two fewer Senators ) .
The vast majority of Texas ' electoral votes would be redistributed to lib'rul states like California ( which would go from having 55 electoral votes to 59 ) and New York ( 34 rather than 31 ) :
Ft. Hood , and it's $ 6 billion impact in central Texas , would be an economic boon to Detroit or any number of other economically depressed American regions .
What , do the secessionists think they could keep those American military bases on their newly sovereign soil ?
How about the $ 2.5 billion that NASA pumps directly into salaries of employees and contractors in the Houston area , not to mention anciliary economic benefits and the prestige of having one of the premier space facilities in the world ?
The American patriots in New Mexico would be more than happy to take that off Texas ' hands !
You can keep Cornyn , however .
And while DeLay has taken up residence in Virginia , maybe we could deport him and build a wall to keep him from sneaking back across the border ?
What seemed like patently ridiculous , off - the - cuff statements by Rick Perry now seem carefully calculated to curry favor and support from his party 's disloyal , unpatriotic wing .
Bizarre , dismaying , and all par for the course for a party so bankrupt , it 's best idea now appears to be secession .
( And to add , in case the sarcasm was n't clear enough , I 'm not about to let the wingnuts steal Texas away , even if it would benefit my politics .
I love America for everything it is , not for who is in the White House . )
jas bhachu at the liverpool school of art & design created the ‘ rubik ’s cube font generator ’ earlier this year for a brief that asked students to produce a visual representation of the word ‘ move ’ .
the design uses a standard rubik ’s cube with stamps on four of its sides so that users can make their own typeface .
an ink pad and multi-lingual instructions are also included in the neat little pack .
box : 157 x 150 x 160 mm instruction guide : 297 x 420 mm cube : 90 x 90 mm
more images and info can be found here .
via CRblog
The government has barred a prominent activist lawyer from defending opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi , as pressure intensifies on the regime to drop new charges against the Nobel Peace laureate .
Aung
Thein said the order revoking his license was issued Friday , a day after a prison court charged Suu Kyi with breaking the conditions of her nearly six - year house arrest , due to end May 27 .
Critics have denounced the trial as an attempt to keep her locked up .
She has spent more than 13 of the last 19 years in detention .
Suu Kyi and two female companions face charges stemming from the mysterious visit of an American intruder who was arrested after he said he spent two days at her lakeside home in Yangon .
The trial is set to start Monday .
Suu Kyi , 63 , faces up to five years in jail if convicted .
Her lawyers insist she did not invite John William Yettaw , who according to state news media swam to her tightly guarded lakeside home using homemade flippers .
Advertisement
Yettaw ’s motives remain unclear , but he has been charged with offenses that include encouraging others to break the law and “ illegal swimming . ”
Aung
Thein , 62 , was jailed for four months last year for contempt of court while defending political activists .
They include a tiny snake no more than four inches long , a snail with a shell that twists in four directions and a palm tree that flowers itself to death .
These are just some of the more than 18,500 species formally described as new to science in 2007 – the latest year such information is available .
From this inventory , researchers involved in the task of naming and describing newly discovered species drew up a list of the " top 10 " animals , plants and microbes that illustrate the wondrous – and often bizarre – diversity of life on Earth .
They include a bacterium that lives in hairspray , a stick insect that is nearly two feet long and a pea-sized seahorse .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
There are an estimated 1.8 million species that have been formally named and described over the past 300 years since Swedish scientist Carolus Linnaeus started his binomial system of taxonomic classification .
But this number is widely recognised as a gross underestimation of the true total of lifeforms .
Estimates for the number of living species on the planet vary from two million to 100 million – although most scientists believe it to be closer to 10 million .
Biologists named and described 18,516 species in 2007 , an increase on the 16,969 species described in 2006 .
Of these , 75 per cent were invertebrate , 11 per cent were vascular plants and nearly 7 per cent were vertebrates , such as the tiny snake .
The scientists for the first time included prokaryote bacteria , such as the microbe that Japanese researchers discovered living in hairspray .
" Most people do not realise just how incomplete our knowledge of Earth 's species is , or the steady rate at which taxonomists are exploring that diversity , " said entomologist Quentin Wheeler , the director of the International Institute for Species Exploration at Arizona State University , which has compiled the annual report known as the State of Observed Species .
" Charting the species of the world and their unique attributes are essential parts of understanding the history of life .
It is in our own self interest as we face the challenges of living on a rapidly changing planet , " said Professor Wheeler .
An international committee of experts , chaired by Janine Caira from the University of Connecticut , selected the " top 10 " new species based on assessment of each creature 's unique attributes and surprising features .
Among the most intriguing plants on the list are a caffeine - free coffee plant and a palm tree from north - western Madagascar that produces a huge , spectacular inflorescence with countless flowers in a magnificent display just before it collapses and dies .
The research centres involved in compiling the list of new species said that of all the reasons to document life in this way , " perhaps the most compelling is curiosity about the diversity of life analogous to our quest to map the stars of the Milky Way and the contours of the ocean floor " .
The decaffeinated coffee plant
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Coffee charrieriana is the first recorded caffeine - free coffee plant from Central Africa .
It is named after coffee expert Professor Andre Charrier of the Institut de Recherche pour le Développement in France , a centre of coffee research .
The wild West :
The eerily white ghost slug , Selenochlamys ysbryda , was found in Cardiff .
Its discovery in such as in a densely - populated area was a surprise , said scientists .
The oldest mother of them all
This is the oldest known vertebrate that can be shown to have given birth to live young , as opposed to laying eggs .
The species , Materpiscis attenboroughi , lived about 380 million years ago and its fossil was discovered at a site in Western Australia .
The pygmy of the seas
This tiny seahorse , Hippocampus satomiae , grows no bigger than a pea , with a length of just over half an inch ( 13.8 mm ) and an approximate height of 0.45 ins ( 11.5 mm ) .
This pygmy species was found near Derawan island off Kalimantan in Indonesia and is named after the diver , Satomi Onishi , who collected the samples .
The smallest snake on earth
The Barbados threadsnake , Leptotyphlops carlae , is just 4.1 inches long , making it probably the world 's smallest snake .
It was discovered in St Joseph 's parish , Barbados .
The world 's longest insect
The body of Phobaeticus chani can grow to 14 inches ( 36.6 cm ) , which when added to its legs gives it an overall length of more than 22 inches .
The insect , which resembles a stick , was found in Borneo , Malaysia .
The blue wonder
This beautiful species of damselfish , Chromis abyssus , was discovered in a deep - reef habitat off the coast of the Pacific island of Ngemelis in Palau .
Its discovery highlights just how little is known of deep reefs .
The death - flower palm
Only 100 specimens of Tahina spectablilis , a gigantic species of palm that dies soon after its flowers appear , have been found in its wild habitat in Madagascar .
Its seeds have since been distributed widely and it is now a highly - prized ornamental plant .
Hair - raising bacteria
Unusual " extremophile " bacteria called Microbacterium hatanonis was found living in hairspray by Japanese scientists .
The snail with a twist
This Malaysian snail , Opisthostoma vermiculum , is unusual in that its shell twists along four different axes .
It lives in the limestone hills of Malaysia .
WASHINGTON  The Obama administration released six Guantánamo detainees to other countries on Thursday , including four Chinese Muslims whose cases drew wide attention as the president has struggled to meet his goal of closing the prison by January .
The day ’s events were the biggest steps the administration has taken toward that goal .
But the moves did not address central questions , including whether political pressure had made the administration back away from meeting the demand of some countries that the United States accept some prisoners for resettlement to gain their cooperation in accepting others .
The Chinese prisoners , from the largely Muslim Uighur region of western China , arrived in Bermuda early in the day and expressed relief at their first taste of freedom in more than seven years .
“ Today you have let freedom ring , ” one of the Uighur men , Abdul Nasser , said in a statement thanking the Bermudans .
In a long legal fight , a federal appeals court had ridiculed as inadequate the government ’s evidence against one of the men and the Bush administration had conceded that none of the 17 Uighurs held at Guantánamo were enemy combatants .
Ashton Lundeby
A 16 - year - old homeschooled boy from North Carolina was taken away from his home in handcuffs two months ago and has been held by the FBI in Indiana ever since , a victim , his mother claims , of the Patriot Act spun out of control .
According to Annette Lundeby of Oxford , N.C. , armed FBI agents and local police stormed her home around 10 p.m. on March 5 , looking for her son , Ashton .
The officers presented a federal search warrant and seized the tenth - grader 's computer , cell phone and bank statements .
Ashton was then taken to a juvenile facility in South Bend , Ind. , charged with making a bomb threat in Indiana from his home computer .
His mother , however , told Raleigh 's WRAL - TV that she argued with the authorities , claiming someone must have hacked into her son's IP address and used it to make crank calls .
The agents ' search , she claims , also failed to uncover any trace of bomb - making materials .
TRENDING : Alleged attacker behind carnage at pro-Trump event linked to ' Caravan 4 Justice ' group
" Undoubtedly , they were given false information , " Lundeby told the station , " or they would not have had 12 agents in my house with a widow and two children and three cats . "
Allowed little access to see her son over the last two months , facing a court date that keeps being pushed back and given no information by FBI agents sitting behind a gag order on the case , Lundeby now says the USA Patriot Act has unjustly imprisoned an innocent boy and stripped her son of due process .
" We have no rights under the Patriot Act to even defend them , because the Patriot Act basically supersedes the Constitution , " she told WRAL - TV .
" It was n't intended to drag your barely 16 - year - old , 120 - pound son out in the middle of the night on a charge that we can't even defend . "
Passed after the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center , the USA Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism – or P.A.T.R.I.O.T. –
Act armed law enforcement with new tools to detect and prevent terrorism .
Among other measures , it better enables interagency cooperation and allows law enforcement a wider array of technological and surveillance tools to more quickly and stealthily investigate terrorist threats .
Dan Boyse , a former U.S attorney not connected to the case , explained to WRAL - TV how Ashton Lundeby could have been swept up by the Patriot Act .
" They 're saying that 'we feel this individual is a terrorist or an enemy combatant against the United States , and we 're going to suspend all of those due process rights because this person is an enemy of the United States , ' " Boyce told the station .
Boyce theorized that if an FBI agent came to the conclusion that Lundeby was a serious terrorist threat , the usual rules of law enforcement do n't apply .
" There 's nothing a matter of public record , " Boyce said .
" All those normal rights are just suspended in the air . "
RELATED : Man with explosives detained at Texas airport
Ashton 's mother told the television station , " Never in my worst nightmare did I ever think that it would be my own government that I would have to protect my children from .
This is the United States , and I feel like I live in a third world country now . "
The WRAL - TV news report , including Annette Lundeby 's comments , can be seen below :
According to the WRAL - TV report , because a federal judge has issued a gag order in the case , the U.S. attorney in Indiana cannot comment on Lundeby , nor can the FBI .
It is not just the details of MPs ' expense claims that have been laid bare .
Now , at last , we can see the House of Commons for what it really is : an outdated , self - regarding , self - serving oligarchy .
Without proper accountability to the voters , our politicians have become a caste apart .
They have exempted themselves from the rules that they impose on the rest of us , including tax - free incomes off - balance sheet expenses ; opt-outs from Freedom of Information laws , and dispensation not to apply equality legislation to political parties .
It is not merely MPs ' expenses that need to change .
If our politicians have been so inept at managing their own expenses , how effectively do you suppose they have been managing the country's ?
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The reality is that as a legislature , the House of Commons has grown monumentally useless at holding those with power to account .
At last , we begin to see why it is that under both parties , government has grown ever more expensive and ever more intrusive .
It is time for change .
Progressive reformers on all sides of the chamber need to come together and elect a new Speaker by secret ballot .
The new Speaker – owing their position to the legislature , rather than to government whips – needs to clean up Westminster and to ensure our political class is made truly accountable again .
But cleaning up the expenses mess is only the beginning of a progressive agenda .
We also need a right of recall so voters can sack wayward MPs .
If constituents could trigger by - elections , I doubt there would be any nonsense over MPs ' second homes .
It is time for a right of popular initiative .
Then perhaps our politicians would spend less time discussing their opt-outs from Freedom of Information , and more time dealing with real public policy concerns .
Ultimately , change must mean addressing the fact that most MPs never have to face a genuinely competitive democratic election .
Safe seats mean many MPs come from one - party fiefdoms .
This means most voters are denied real choice over who gets to be their MP .
If there was only one restaurant or supermarket in the town where you lived , you would probably be overcharged and find the service less responsive .
Why do we run our political system like that ?
Reform must mean either open primary selections for sitting MPs , or multi-member constituencies .
Or preferably both .
It is time for the party that believes in competition and choice in business and commerce to apply those principles to politics .
The author is the Conservative MP for Harwich and Clacton
Evelyn McDaid 's face was wrecked on Sunday when she tried to save her husband Kevin .
Kevin was savaged by a horde of Glasgow Rangers supporters on the rampage after the team beat Glasgow Celtic to the Scottish Premier League title .
He died .
Kevin ( 49 ) was a community worker and peace activist who'd spent over a decade trying to make Northern Ireland a less sectarian place .
He happened to be a Catholic , which instantly made him the enemy -- if you 're bigoted , bestial and on the ' other ' side .
There 's always the ' other ' side , when life is black or white .
The day before Kevin was murdered , Bertie Ahern accused various critics of being ' anti-Catholic ' .
Their alleged sectarian offence was to question the wisdom / fairness of the indemnity deal done with CORI by Michael Woods and himself , which costs the State a fortune .
Ahern 's riposte said more than he intended .
For if those who oppose his action are ' anti- Catholic ' , then those who support it must be ' pro-Catholic ' .
He and Woods must be ' pro-Catholic ' , which means they acted from a sectarian position , although they were Taoiseach and Education Minister .
It suggests they value the wealth and security of religious orders above the welfare of survivors and , indeed , the best interests of the State .
You could let Ahern off the hook by claiming he was only deflecting criticism , did n't mean it , is n't sectarian .
Sure , has n't he had a laugh with Ian Paisley near the Boyne ?
Did n't he mark his forehead with ashes on the first day of Lent while encouraging multicultural migrant workers to join the labour force ?
And he never divorced .
The Ahern years saw a sea change in attitudes to religious practice and sectarianism .
Every traditional measure of Catholicism showed dramatic shifts , whether in falling Mass attendances or in willingness to obey religious teaching on , say , contraception or divorce .
Mass attendances dropped most drastically in the Celtic Tiger 's early years and kept falling .
You could n't blame it on lazy , greedy Sunday shoppers either , because the last time the Catholic middle classes grew wealthier ( over a century before ) , exactly the opposite happened .
They endowed churches and religious orders , and flocked in their finery to the new churches .
Some were daily communicants .
Many embraced Catholicism as part of their Irish identity .
You can't claim that Catholicism was as intimate a part of Irish identity for the early Celtic Tigers .
Yet the sectarian ethos remained underneath , in surprisingly widespread ways .
Under Ahern , no change was made to any of the structural relationships between the State and Catholicism .
It was and is the dominant controlling interest throughout education , health and many social services .
It 's so much part of the upholstery that it 's almost invisible -- until you try to find a school for your child or wonder if you can use stem cells to help cure a loved one of some debilitating disease .
Take education , which remains overwhelmingly denominational in the State sector , as well as privately .
By 2004 , some 55 pc of Irish people said they wanted inter-denominational or non-denominational schooling , when asked by the Education Research Centre .
Yet 92 pc of schools were controlled by Catholic religious orders .
Four years later , the Department of Education 's audit of enrolment policies led to a survey where 61 pc of Irish people said that education should n't be denominational , with only 25.7 pc disagreeing .
Almost half went on to say that religious education should happen after school , not during school hours .
This was slightly more than the 50 + pc opposed to denominational education when the Catholic Bishops Conference commissioned their own survey .
It 's curious how religious orders and Church officials have responded to the drop in demand , which happened alongside the almost total wipe - out of vocations , meaning there are n't enough clergy to work there anyway .
The Catholic Bishops issued a pastoral letter about it this time last year , where they noted that Ireland has more Catholic schools than it needs .
But it had mixed messages .
On the one hand , Bishop Leo O'Reilly said that providing different types of school was a matter for the Department of Education .
However , the Bishops did n't address the core question of whether the Catholic Church would control the schools or hand its interests over to the State .
The evidence is that no matter how unsupported a congregation , it will retain control -- and keep its schools Catholic .
The Christian Brothers set up the Edmund Rice Schools
Trust to manage many of its schools but the charter specifies they must remain Catholic and controls everything from who is appointed a trustee , to how subjects are taught , to who will be given a teaching position -- or not .
When Ahern was Finance Minister , the Fianna Fail government inserted a protocol within Europe that exempts Irish Catholic schools from the fair employment requirements mandated elsewhere .
So if you 're not Catholic , or somehow viewed as a lesser Catholic ( because you 're divorced , gay , like to speak your mind occasionally ) the school can choose a less qualified candidate who is a better Catholic or terminate your employment if your anti-Damascus conversion happened after you got a job .
This is public - sector practice , funded by taxation .
Is it unreasonable to wonder why taxes should pay for an ethos that could exclude present - day children and their children from getting employment in the State sector ?
Or might the Irish education sector remain way more sectarian than we thought .
It has such a stupid name , it does n't actually sound like software : it sounds like a deliberate attempt to mock a totalitarian government that tries to use software ; like someone 's brought George Orwell back from the dead ( just one more job , mate … ) ; nevertheless , the Chinese government is pretty serious about its Green Dam Youth Escort package , through which it aims to control individual access to porn sites on the internet .
A press ­release on Monday detailed three Chinese ­computer companies who had vouched to pre-install the software ( no foreign ones as yet ) , and said it had already been installed in 52.7 m units .
The immediate worry , reported by this newspaper 's correspondent in Beijing , Jonathan Watts , is that it will be used to restrict access to dissident sites , not just pornographic ones .
He elaborated : " What they have at the moment is a fairly crappy , easy to uninstall piece of software .
But you have to remember that this is stage one , once you enable the authorities to censor at machine level , the software will get better and better .
So my feeling is that this is an attempt to shore up the great firewall which does n't work a lot of the time . "
Chinese bloggers are currently concentrating on that crappy aspect : it is a terrible programme , apparently , with a hair - trigger that blocks access on the basis of innocuous phrases like " touch - ball " , unsophisticated enough to block not just pornography but all news articles that mention pornography .
There are also sinister rumours ­surrounding the collection of personal information on people who try to access banned sites : the worry being , again , that this has nothing to do with ­pornography , this is about putting in place the technology to control all ­computers , and all users , to the point where the would - be dissident has no safe way to use the internet at all .
And yet it 's possible that the government is on the level , that pornography is the target .
The immediate impulse with Chinese legislation of this sort is always to look to political freedoms being encroached upon .
I would suggest three reasons for this : first , if we were just to take at face value the impulse to control access to internet pornography , it would n't look so radically different to that proposed by the Australian Labour party last year .
Sure , China moves faster and is somewhat less receptive to criticism , but the methods are the same , and so indeed is the rhetoric – stress the dangers to children , ask yourselves , ­citizens , whether you would n't do anything to protect the innocent , and if not , why not , you pervert ?
It seems important to a sense of western democratic identity to distance itself from China , particularly in situations that do n't look very different .
Secondly , because one 's image of China is of a repressive country , we do n't think of it as a place with an active sex industry .
In fact illegal prostitution and semi-legal concubinage is everywhere ; when there was a clampdown on prostitution in 2000 , economists saw a 1 % fall in GDP .
The country is now seeing , after all , the first generation to reach adulthood since the one - child policy was introduced in 1979 , and the gender disparity is marked : estimates give 32 million excess men .
As long ago as 2004 , government minister Li Weixiong directly cited the gender imbalance for the febrile sexual atmosphere , predicting worse to come in terms of prostitution and people trafficking , as well as social unrest , civil war , even , and insisting " this is by no means sensational " .
Researchers are wary , however , of blaming the sex industry on gender ratios .
Dr Thérèse Hesketh , a senior lecturer in International Health at UCL , observes that : " The areas where there are most sex workers are not the areas where there are the highest gender ratios .
Largely , poverty is one of the ­greatest drivers of the sex industry . "
Hesketh is also suspicious of Li's predictions of orgiastic apocalypse : based on research she 's conducting at the moment , she has found that : " These unmarried men are quite withdrawn , introvert , shy guys .
They are not the kind of guys who are going to go out and start a riot . "
Nevertheless , the government remains terrified of sex in terms of its potential as a spur for unrest .
And here , thirdly , is the cognitive gap that makes it so hard to take the Green Dam Youth Escort programme at face value : the Chinese think they can prevent social unrest by controlling pornography .
We think this must surely be a smokescreen for preventing explicit political content , since sexual content is itself a form of control .
There is no better way on earth to castrate collectivised protest than to have everyone sitting in their bedroom , atomised and alienated , doing things they want to do in private .
The Chinese government do n't even need market research to see that , they only need to look at us .
In the end , precisely because there appears to be this curious institutional naivety about the impact of gender imbalance as well as the impact of pornography , indeed , about the interplay between sex and politics altogether , I find it more and more plausible that they mean what they say .
This really is an attempt to control sex on the web , and has nothing to do with dissidence .
Just because it 's plausible , of course , does n't mean it 's not ridiculous .
Spring
Hill ’s five - inch high beast of a burger Image : Hank Drew , styled by Tyler Rebman
Spring Hill
A burger is a savage thing .
Let other foods be civilized or corner the delicacy market .
A burger , a really great burger , is untamed .
Feral .
Indecent .
This may occur to you as your Spring Hill BURGER , $ 17 , hits your table .
“ Best not to cut it , ” your server may caution as you reach for your knife .
The beast is fully five inches high .
“ It could disintegrate . ”
Worse , it could topple — and then where would you be ?
Eating the thing with a fork , that ’s where .
And that ’s no way to eat a burger .
Especially one featuring a meaty half - pound ball of beef , two melting layers of cheese , and chewy - thick bacon , all slathered in the richest Thousand Island dressing you have ever licked directly off your shirt .
Of course you are at Spring Hill , West Seattle ’s fashionable bastion of culinary distinction — so that beef is actually organically raised , grass - fed Painted Hills chuck , fresh - ground in - house .
The bacon is crafted on site ; the cheeses are white cheddar and California ’s lovely , rarely seen teleme ; the bun is from Dahlia Bakery ; and that luscious cream you thought was Thousand Island is actually aioli fired with roasted tomatoes .
It ’s precious - meets - primal , a contrast so irresistible we had to put it on the cover of the magazine .
The fries , deep - fried in beef fat , went directly for primal .
Excellent choice .
Spring Hill , 4437 California Ave SW , West Seattle , 206-935-1075 ; www.springhillnorthwest.com
Red Mill Burgers
In this world there are meat burgers and there are fixings burgers .
Red Mill , where the length of the ever - present line is rivaled only by the heft of the DOUBLE BACON DELUXE WITH CHEESE , $ 6.49 , is Seattle ’s high holy temple of the fixings burger .
Viewed coldly , it really ought n’t to be that way .
Because what we have on the double bacon deluxe with cheese are two terribly ordinary quarter - pound patties , slightly too cooked , heaped with lettuce , tomato , pickles , and red onions , and draped in — we almost ca n’t bring ourselves to write it — American cheese .
This is the burger the Dick ’s Deluxe wants to be when it grows up .
That big slabs of pepper bacon ( check out the mountain of it next to the grill ) and deeply smoky Mill sauce also appear on the burger should not be enough to redeem this baby from the insult of the faux cheese .
But here ’s the thing :
It all adds up to one unexpectedly perfect combination .
Stranger still is the moment you realize that the mouth - coating velvet of the cheese may be the biggest part of why .
Like we said :
It ’s the fixings .
So who would we be to argue if a person wanted to peel back the top bun and carefully lay in a few onion rings — created with help from Tom Douglas , tweaked with cayenne , and pronounced by GQ magazine the best onion rings in the country ?
Red Mill Burgers , 312 N 67th St , Phinney Ridge , 206-783-6362 . 1613 W Dravus St , Interbay , 206-284-6363 ; www.redmillburgers.com
Jak's Grill
At Jak ’s , the burgers come with a steak knife .
A nice big one .
You wo n’t necessarily need it ; soy and Worcestershire sauces make the ground , corn-fed Nebraska beef extra tender and insanely moist , but the sharp , serrated blade is a nice touch just the same .
Jak ’s is , after all , an honest - to - gosh , Sinatra - on - the - stereo , brass - and - polished - cherry - wood steak house , and chances are good that your dining companions will be carving up filet mignon .
The Burger at Jak ’s is extra tender and insanely moist .
Image : Iris Dumuk
Do n’t worry :
You wo n’t feel inadequate .
While they politely fork neat bites of steak , you ’ll have more fun sinking your teeth into the JAK ’S BURGER , $ 13.14 , a half pound of sumptuously seasoned meat topped with a slightly uncivilized pile of blue cheese and a tangle of soft , salty bacon underscored by tangy roasted red-pepper mayo .
And you can request a UFO with your protein :
The potato pancake–topped pile of garlicky , skin - on mashed spuds used to be like a secret side dish that only the regulars knew , but now servers offer it up along with the night ’s martini special and the soup of the day .
Do n’t take it for granted .
Jak ’s Grill , 3701 NE 45th St , Laurelhurst , 206-985-8545 . 14 Front St N , Issaquah , 425-837-8834 . 4548 California Ave SW , West Seattle , 206-937-7809 ; www.jaksgrill.com
{page break}
Giant , indeed : The Zip Burger from Zippy ’s Giant Burgers Image : Hank Drew , styled by Tyler Rebman
Zippy 's Giant Burgers
Even West Seattleites gripe about the obscure Highland Park location of their favorite burger joint , but we think there ’s nothing better than coming upon a perfect pile of beef and bun in the middle of nowhere .
Just frame your visit to Zippy ’s as a summer field trip :
Take your time getting there .
Meander .
Stop and take a photo with a landmark .
This way , when you step inside the kitsch - covered , postage stamp–size grill and order behind a guy in paint - splattered coveralls , you ’ll feel like you ’re on a mythic road journey and you ’re about to wrap your hands around a burger worth writing a postcard about .
Because truly , the ZIP BURGER , $ 5.50 , a griddle - burnt patty topped with bacon and American cheese between a secret sauce –slathered Franz bun is a classic burger lover ’s ideal .
Backyard barbecuers dream of flipping it ; drive - ins long to serve it .
And they can — if they commit to grinding the beef each morning , forming it by hand , and then leaving it alone while it splatters and pops its way to medium - well .
For a few dollars you get more than a meal and some wax paper .
Zippy ’s throws in the essence of convertible cars , AM radios , picnic tables carved with lovers ’ initials , and nothing to do but spend all day getting home .
Zippy ’s Giant Burgers , 1513 SW Holden St , West Seattle , 206-763-1347 ; www.myspace.com/zippysgiantburgers
{page break}
Teddy ’s Bigger Burgers Image : Iris Dumuk
Teddy 's Bigger Burgers
The burger is a proprietary piece of American culinary culture : beef , bun , cheese , ketchup , good .
Gussy up that utilitarian formula with frou - frou adornments and silly special sauces , and the social fabric unravels .
That ’s what we were thinking as we slid onto a stool at Teddy ’s Bigger Burgers and faced down a patty slathered in teriyaki sauce and topped with pineapple slices .
Even the clown fish in the massive tank at the center of this Blue Hawaii–meets – American Graffiti burger joint braced for our “ What have they done ? ! ” screams .
Oh , but gastronomic xenophobia is the enemy of fortuitous taste exploration .
Teddy ’s has been a legend in Hawaii for 10 years ( the Woodinville location just opened in March ) and the burger culture there has yet to implode .
Once we got past the perverse notion of putting island fruit between beef and bun , we found that the HAWAIIAN BURGER , $ 6.15 — along with lettuce , tomatoes , white onions , and pickles — deftly walks the line between salty and sweet .
This is a six - napkin feast , though : Even if you opt for the dainty five - ounce patty ( Teddy ’s serves up seven - and nine - ounce versions as well ) , the mixture of sauces and juices is more than the buttery - soft bun can absorb .
But it ’s a mess worth taming in the name of blazing new trails in burger consumption .
Teddy ’s Bigger Burgers , 17705 140th Ave NE , Woodinville , 425-408-1604 ; www.teddysbiggerburgers.com
22 Doors
Soy beans and wheat gluten will never taste like the juicy , fatty flesh of a cow .
And why should they ?
A really tasty vegetarian patty makes stars out of the ingredients from which it is composed , something the chef at 22 Doors — the casual Capitol Hill brunch and cocktail spot that draws spillover crowds from Coastal Kitchen — seems to understand .
The VEGGIE BURGER , $ 12 , is a macerated mash - up of celery , mushroom , balsamic , and red pepper ( among other things ) pummeled into an inch - thick patty — solid enough to keep from crumbling when you eat it , soft enough to stand out against its bean - based brethren — then piled high with a generous slathering of caramelized onions , a gooey slice of fontina , a crisp romaine leaf , and a tangy tomato remoulade on top .
The bun is sesame and toasted , the shoestring fries are perfect and plentiful , and the whole experience will forever erase the melancholy memory of every dusty meat - free hamburger that ’s ever stuck to the roof of your mouth .
22 Doors , 405 15th Ave E , Capitol Hill , 206-324-6406 ; www.twentytwodoors.com
Burgermaster
Sometimes eating a hamburger can be a mouthwatering excuse to swallow a lot of nostalgia — and given the right fixings , nostalgia can be pretty tasty .
Burgermaster serves up a whole lot of nostalgia .
Image : Iris Dumuk
Burgermaster , a family business that ’s been around Seattle since 1952 , summons simpler times .
Head to one of their drive-ins , where you pull into a parking spot , peruse a menu that ’s posted on a pole , and wait for a friendly attendant with a logo on her shirt to sidle up and take your order .
By the time you ’ve soaked in the kitschy novelty of it all , she ’s back and asking you to roll up your window a bit so she can hang the food tray on it .
Such charm is particularly enjoyable at the Greenwood location ( one of five from Everett to Bellevue ) , which evokes old - fashioned pleasures despite being situated on Aurora Avenue ( although , to be fair , Aurora Avenue has long been famous for a different sort of old - fashioned pleasure … ) .
Burgermaster ’s titular attraction — THE BURGERMASTER , $ 4.64 — is the nifty kind of burger people ordered before burgers got all tricked out .
The toasted buns hold pickles , a crisp slice of onion , a thin grilled patty , a hunk of lettuce , a juicy tomato , and melted American cheese .
( Yes , American .
Love it or leave it . )
The whole thing crunches appetizingly together in your hands before you even take a bite .
A combo meal with divinely salty fries and a rich shake proves the best things in life are n’t free — they cost about nine bucks .
Burgermaster , 9820 Aurora Ave N , Greenwood , 206-522-2044 ; www.burgermaster.biz
{page break}
Skillet
The whiffs of beef and wood smoke will grab you from three blocks away like an olfactory GPS .
You ’ll circle the county for a parking space .
You ’ll wait , standing — what ’s a little pocking rain — a half - hour to get your food .
Maybe .
And then you will do something seriously unconsidered , something potentially really painful — sprint across four lanes of speeding traffic , say — just to get inside that grease - flecked brown takeout box already .
Anticipation :
It ’s the secret sauce on every Skillet BURGER , $ 9 .
Well , anticipation and cambozola cheese and bacon jam .
Skillet is the Airstream trailer that trundles to a different neighborhood each day , and this rock star of a burger is why it gets away with such nonsense .
Because honestly , here ’s what we ’re talking about : A golden baseball of a bun , soft with sweet brioche pastry .
A half - inch - thick patty of grass - fed beef , smoky and blush - pink in the middle and flapping out the sides .
A sheen of bacon jam lending the faintest hoofprint of wickedness .
Bits of cambozola cheese for nutty intrigue ; arugula just for push - back .
A mess of wizened , herb - speckled fries on the side .
It ’s not big , it ’s just uncommonly tasty .
And as the cambozola melts and the brioche goes to butter — the whole burger becomes …
I ’m not kidding … creamy .
It ai n’t worth becoming road - splatter for .
But worth waiting for ?
Just ask the 82 people ahead of you in line .
Skillet Street Food , www.skilletstreetfood.com
Café Campagne ’s proves lamb suits a burger as well as beef .
Image : Iris Dumuk
Café Campagne
Some people insist that if it did n’t come from a cow , it is n’t a hamburger .
Well , some people are still fighting the range wars and they need to call a truce and try Café Campagne ’s BURGER D’AGNEAU , $ 14 .
Lamb suits a burger at least as well as beef ; it has richer flavor and more tongue - coating , chin -dripping saturated fat .
Campagne exploits fat and flavor to the fullest with a generous puck of ground lamb cooked to specs ( “ medium rare ” really is ) in an oversize , crusty French bun .
The toppings , as chichi as Campagne ’s elegant bistro decor , will be a revelation to pickle - and - lettuce purists : roasted red peppers , organic baby salad greens , and grilled onions pickled in balsamic vinegar .
At heart a straight - ahead burger in classier garb ; that irrepressible sheep fat soaks even the organic salad greens .
Snag one of the Post Alley tables and passersby will sniff avidly and stare enviously as you dig in .
Café Campagne , 1600 Post Alley , Pike Place Market , 206-728-2233 ; www.campagnerestaurant.com
{page break}
The Stumbling Goat Bistro ’s mini grass - fed beef burgers Image : Iris Dumuk
Stumbling Goat Bistro
Sliders have their detractors .
Skeptics say the wee ’ wiches are the favored fare of the credulous and the overdined , who salivate over whatever edible novelty the gourmet marketing machine tosses their way .
Well , we ca n’t defend every baby burg ever plated , but judging by the MINI GRASS - FED BEEF BURGERS , $ 12 , at Stumbling Goat Bistro , this is one bovine bandwagon on which we are more than willing to jump .
The beef itself ( Washington - raised Angus crossbreed ) is a miracle of texture : crispy outside , rich - melty inside — the carnivorous equivalent of a perfect chocolate truffle .
The farm - to - table Phinney Ridge restaurant keeps things flavorful by raising the fat level to 30 percent , then topping the two - ounce sammies with a teeny pat of Mt. Townsend Creamery Trailhead cheese , a crunchy bit of baby lettuce , and , smothering the buttery bun , a sweet - and - tart onion jam that lingers in your mouth long after the juicy hit of petite patty has passed .
Stumbling Goat Bistro , 6722 Greenwood Ave N , Phinney Ridge , 206-784-3535 ; www.stumblinggoatbistro.com
Two Bells
Step one :
So it does n’t come with fries .
Get over it .
What the TWO BELLS ’ TAVERN BURGER , $ 9.95 , lacks in crispy side carbs it makes up for with its massive sourdough roll .
Yes , roll , not bun — a buttery French baguette — that , given the scruffy , old Belltown surroundings , adds a deft gourmet touch for the unsuspecting customer .
The Two Bells Tavern Burger is worth a visit alone .
Image : Hank Drew , styled by Tyler Rebman
Step two : Wait for it .
Upon the Tavern ’s arrival at your table , let it soften for a few minutes .
The thick slices of deli deliciousness challenge even the biggest of biters .
Sorry , but there ’s simply so much the sourdough needs to soak up : Puddles of greasy bubbles hiding in the crevices of bacon ; piles of grilled onions ; rich housemade sauce so thick your body surrenders with a , “ Welp , there go my arteries , but heck if I care right now . ”
Step three : Give your bun a little love squeeze .
Thanks to the roll ’s now dripping sponginess it ’ll go a long way toward giving you a good grip — definitely a necessity .
Step four : Heaven .
The five - and - a - half - ounce , perfectly charbroiled patty is so juicy , so slippery and ripe , that each bite is like a sloppy wet one from great aunt Rhoda .
But ( here ’s where patience pays off ) those magnificent mouthfuls are n’t flooded by a dripping mess ; your plate is only somewhat spattered , your chin ( mostly ) dry .
Because that sopping onion - meat - condiment juicefest ?
It ’s taken over the baguette , not your shirt .
Two Bells , 2313 Fourth Ave , Belltown , 206-441-3050 ; www.thetwobells.com
{page break}
Voilà !
Bistrot ’s kobe beef hamburger storms the Bastille of your palette .
Image : Iris Dumuk
Voilà !
Bistrot
People of France , we are not the enemy .
You know this .
Yet you ’ve torpedoed our greatest port city with a weapon most mouthwatering .
So overpowering is the KOBE BEEF HAMBURGER , $ 14 , at Voilà !
Bistrot in Madison Valley , so tantalizing its juicy goodness , that our own citizenry — witness to millions of backyard barbecues in which the American burger is a totem of national pride — has come to question its loyalties .
The seduction starts the moment one marches through the doorway — all - American senses scrambled by the shadow play of candlelight on mustard walls .
Things get more compromising as one of your countrymen ( androgynous , black - clad ) pours a Kronenberg 1664 in a glass , bubbles rising to the surface like lost balloons at a carnival , and delivers the package : a toasted bun cradling a hot slab of Wagyu meat topped with caramelized onions and smothered in brie .
The flavors storm the Bastille of our palate and commingle so expertly that one can hardly tell beef from bread , onion from brie , good from evil .
The taste buds fire a treacherous message to the brain : Forget the Pledge of Allegiance , burn your passport , and shout , Vive la France !
This burger is a violation .
There should be a United Nations sanction .
A call to our allies … .
But first , one more bite .
Voilà !
Bistrot , 2805 E Madison St , Madison Valley , 206-322-5460 ; www.voilabistrot.com
Palace Kitchen
With a few subtle tweaks — and without sacrificing its wholesome , everyman qualities in favor of highfalutin gourmet flash — here ’s how to elevate the standard backyard burger to an exercise in bovine transcendentalism :
Palace Kitchen ’s Palace Burger ­Royale Image : Iris Dumuk
1 . Use good beef .
A basic yet alarmingly often - overlooked element .
Try something sourced locally , like Oregon Country Natural Beef , that chars up nicely over an open flame but manages to stay juicy in the process .
2 . Use good cheese .
Also criminally neglected , but no less important .
Melted Beecher ’s Flagship Cheddar is a tasty option with a unique consistency .
Instead of forming a rubbery yellow dairy helmet over the patty like your conventional Kraft American Single does , the sharp white cheddar softens and separates into an almost brielike consistency .
3 . Use good buns .
For once in your life put down the Bunny Bread and try something with honest - to - Giada flavor .
Dahlia
Bakery gives its burger buns a subtle , smoky - sweet taste by baking roasted onions into ( instead of onto ) them .
Or , know what ?
You could just leave the grill covered and drop into Palace Kitchen to get all of the above in the PALACE BURGER ROYALE , $ 14 — accompanied by a tangle of crunchychewygreasy fries — without having to strike a match .
Yeah , just do that .
Palace Kitchen , 2030 Fifth Ave , Belltown , 206-448-2001 ; www.tomdouglas.com
Mericio Juvinal dos Reis at the World at a Crossroads conference .
Photo by Alex Bainbridge .
June 19 , 2009 -- Mericio Juvinal dos Reis , or Akara as he is commonly known , is the executive director of Luta Hamutuk , a non-government organisation based in Dili , East Timor .
Akara was a featured guest at the World at a Crossroads conference , hosted by Green Left Weekly , held in Sydney in April 2009 .
Vannessa Hearman spoke with Akara about East TImor ’s ongoing struggle for genuine self - determination and development .
* * *
East Timor won its independence formally in 2002 , after a long and bloody struggle against Indonesian occupation from 1975 to 1999 .
In 1999 , a United Nations - sponsored referendum was held , in which the Timorese people voted to be independent from Indonesia .
Luta Hamutuk was set up in 2005 by a group of young activists , including Akara .
Akara had been involved in pro-independence activities as a student in Indonesia .
He was a member of the Timorese Socialist Party but left in 2003 .
Akara told GLW : “ Luta Hamutuk is an advocacy and monitoring organisation .
We focus some of our activities on the Petroleum Fund , which is a fund the Timorese government set up in order to set aside proceeds from the Timor Sea oil and gas resources . ”
Oil and gas revenue
East Timor is highly dependent on revenue from the Timor Sea oil and gas reserves .
“ We do public education campaigns about the natural resources that East Timor has , why it is important that the proceeds are safeguarded for future generations ” , Akara said .
He said East Timor had “ to ensure we have economic self - sufficiency and not be dependent on foreign debt to build our country . ”
Akara explained : “ We also campaign about how the government should use natural resources , that the government should be accountable , manage this wealth to fulfil the needs of the people and that the government must really fight for people 's interests .
“ Development should be based on what people want and need .
That was what we fought for in the independence struggle and what the slogan of our struggle , ukun rasik an ( determining our own future ) was all about . ”
Luta Hamutuk has urged the government to invest in human resources , recognising that after decades of war and occupation , the country 's chief barrier has been the lack of education and skills .
This has been used to justify the plethora of foreign technical advisors provided by donors to the Timorese government .
“ Investment in infrastructure is also important ” , Akara said .
“ Public transport , bridges , roads have to be improved .
Education and health are also important priorities . ”
Akara said that the former Fretilin government was conscious of not wasting Petroleum Fund money .
Fretilin enjoyed a parliamentary majority from 2001 - 2007 .
However , a crisis that involved a rebellion of sections of the military resulted in the resignation of Fretilin prime minister Mari Alkatiri .
Elections were held in 2007 and Fretilin ’s parliamentary majority was slashed to only 29 % , or 21 , seats in parliament .
“ It is very important that the Fund is used responsibly , so that we do n’t exhaust the money .
The present government [ headed by Prime Minister Xanana Gusmao ] is spending a lot of money but without a clear plan .
“ We need real investment in the social and economic sectors , not just distributing money right left and centre simply to buy their way out of problems . ”
Dependency
Akara said : “ We are very concerned that the government is sowing the seeds for dependency .
Instead of developing the economy and society and thereby transforming the lives of people , they are creating a society of people who think that problems are resolved by throwing money around .
“ This runs contrary to our principle of ukun rasik an .
We are also concerned that the government is declaring tax exemptions , for example on all imports .
It is true that the taxation system needs to be reorganised , but not by declaring tax exemptions on foreign companies imports a lot of goods .
“ How is the country going to have diversified revenue base , beyond the Petroleum Fund , if it does not develop an adequate taxation system ?
“ By not putting in place a clear and transparent taxation system , the people also do not develop awareness about their obligations to the state , how state functions are to be funded .
They are also denied their rights as citizens to enjoy the fruits from that revenue collected as taxation .
“ This is a dangerous situation for this government to create for future governments and Timor ’s development . ”
Akara said the government was also interested in getting more out of the Petroleum Fund than was permissible under the law .
Under the fund ’s rules , the government can only withdraw 3 % for the national budget annually .
“ In our view , 3 % is quite large for national development .
This represents a figure of about US $ 400 million .
This is sufficient for national development .
More than this exceeds the government ’s execution capacity .
“ In the past , no more than $ 200 - 300 million was able to be spent .
So where would this money go ?
It is just a political stunt .
The parliament is very weak , whatever the government says , parliament agrees to . ”
Through his work with Luta Hamutuk , Akara has contact with Fretilin members in parliament and at the grassroots in the villages .
He said : “ At the parliamentary level , Fretilin MPs are quite critical of the government .
But it is not strong enough in parliament .
Fretilin does not organise or mobilise outside parliament .
There is no extra parliamentary action .
This is its chief weakness .
“ It is supposedly a mass progressive party , but it does not organise outside of parliament .
It ’s natural that people then question the strength and principles of Fretilin .
“ At the base , Fretilin is still strong , but this is hard to see because of Fretilin ’s lack of organisation of its mass base . ”
Akara said that there was significant discontent with the government .
“ The mass of people are ready to protest and many hope that Fretilin could initiate street protests .
“ They realise there is a myriad of issues , the wastage of the budget , non-transparent management ; corruption , collusion and nepotism are very strong right now .
“ Why are Xanana ’s cronies and family being awarded many projects , even though their companies have n’t had a lot of experience in areas like road building ?
People know about these kinds of incidents , but there is no one to organise or lead such protest movements . ”
In response , Luta Hamutuk holds public debates and workshops about politics , government and the economy .
Akara said that since its inception , the government has banned street protests .
“ This started with the state of emergency in 2006 and has continued .
But we march when the space allows .
We commemorate May Day , or protest against the US detention of the Cuban Five .
We hold open forums to express criticisms , we call it the Freedom of Expression Podium .
We use this podium to have international guests speak , to play films on Cuba , Che Guevara , anti-globalisation , environmental issues .
“ Because the area is small , and we prefer not to deal with police harassment , we would n’t have more than 100 - 150 people gathered at any one time . ”
Grassroots assistance
Luta Hamutuk activists also assist people from across the country in lodging grievances with the government , for instance over problems with roads , health clinics or schools .
They demand meetings with state representatives , and draw up petitions and statements
“ Our network in rural areas comprises eight districts . ”
There are 13 districts all up , including Dili .
We have organisers in each subdistrict and a committee monitoring things like the implementation of government projects and the allocation of the national budget in each regional area . ”
Through this work , Akara said , the organisation has been brought into contact with Fretilin militants .
“ The people who sit on these committees are local leaders , subdistrict heads etc .
Most of these people are Fretilin .
“ So we work closely with Fretilin , at least those at the grassroots level , through these committees . ”
Luta Hamutuk ’s work is not always welcomed by those they criticise .
“ Sometimes we get threats from bureaucrats , companies , who say they ’ll take us to court , or they give us warnings .
We do n’t care , we see ourselves as fighting alongside the people . ”
Akara also questioned the presence of the Australian military in East Timor .
“ What are they supposed to be doing ?
They just sleep , eat , run on the beach , they bring all their heavy weaponry .
What for ?
Where is the war ?
There is no longer any displaced people ’s camp .
So what are they safeguarding ? ”
Akaka said their role is to safeguard Australia ’s interests .
He said Xanana ’s government welcomes the continuing presence of this military , because “ it still feels unable to trust the police , the army and its own people , so it ’s like having another army in reserve to defend the government ” .
[ This article first appeared in Green Left Weekly , issue # 799 , June 24 , 2009 . ]
To mark the anniversary of the 1989 Tiananmen Square massacre , Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal reproduces an excerpt from the analysis by an eyewitness to the 1989 democratic upsurge that preceded the brutal attack .
The writer was an Australian socialist who was studying in China at the time .
It first appeared in Green Left Weekly on June 26 , 1996 .
* * *
By Liang Guosheng
On June 4 , 1989 , troops , armoured personnel carriers and tanks of the People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) forced their way through human and constructed barricades into central Beijing , taking control of Tiananmen Square .
In the process , according to an estimate by Amnesty International soon afterwards , approximately 1000 unarmed protesters were gunned down or otherwise killed .
Numerous eyewitness accounts confirmed the extent of the massacre .
The dead were students and other Beijing workers and residents who had gathered the previous evening to protest against the PLA 's forced entry into central Beijing and the square , which on May 20 , 1989 , China 's Premier Li Peng had declared a martial law district .
Since the massacre more eyewitness interviews , analytical articles and quite a range of books have been published concerned with what has come to be termed the 1989 Democracy Movement and Beijing massacre .
More recent works have also covered the ensuing government crackdown and the fate of those protesters captured by the government , executed or imprisoned .
In the main , parties historically influenced by Stalinism quickly lined up either to defend the " crackdown " against the " counter - revolutionaries " in the square ( declaring : " the protesters were CIA dupes " ) .
Others grappled with the problem of how , in the light of quickly mounting evidence , to present a wait - and - see attitude ( " how can we trust the Western media 's reporting ? " ) .
Alternatively , papers produced by far - left organisations in the West correctly identified the Chinese Communist Party ( CCP ) as bearing direct responsibility for the massacre .
However , they by and large failed to distinguish between the lower to middle echelons of the party and the factionalised leadership at its apex .
In Beijing , at least , vast numbers of party members overtly and covertly supported or helped lead the movement .
Just one example : at several protest marches in late May 1989 , even after Premier Li Peng 's declaration of martial law , journalists from a large number of newspapers marched along the Boulevard of Heavenly Peace to the square .
Prominent was a contingent from the party 's main official organ , the People 's Daily -- with many of the staff being CCP cadre .
On the whole , party members were easily identified -- many wore their party badges at the demonstrations .
During those spring months in Beijing , the movement drew support and leadership from groups and activists who , at least prior to the massacre , were far more concerned with what they saw as an opportunity to " reform " the CCP than with its overthrow .
The students , and those whom their actions inspired , including impressive contingents of workers , were united by a range of key demands .
Generally these called for the official political rehabilitation of then recently deceased CCP former Secretary - General Hu Yaobang ; measures to rid the CCP of corruption , especially the flagrant abuses at its higher levels ; the introduction of government transparency and official accountability ; measures to increase the democratic rights of students and citizens ; the freeing up of academic life and improved study conditions for students together with increases in pay for academics .
A call for increased freedom of the press was high on the list following the banning of several prominent newly founded popular newspapers and magazines .
In particular , the students demanded the official reversal of a People 's Daily editorial in April which had denounced the student movement as " a small handful of people " misled by counter - revolutionary elements .
The day after the editorial was published , students from across Beijing spilled out of their campuses in unprecedented numbers to hold a well - organised peaceful protest march .
That day many observers had spotted a sign in the middle of the sea of protesters on which was written , " A Small Handful " .
A call for anti-inflation measures was also high on the list .
Inflation had raged in the urban centres during the late 1980s , but the party / state leadership had shown little capacity to deal with it .
By late May 1989 the post -Cultural Revolution " honeymoon " of Deng Xiaoping was well and truly over .
Deng 's toppling of two all - but - anointed party successors in a row , Hu Yaobang and Zhao Ziyang , ensured his own increasing vilification by many as the country 's " new emperor " .
The Democracy Movement was , up until June 4 , more a move for " democratisation " .
The push for " democratisation " leaned significantly , for political and ideological sustenance , on what was viewed , especially by Chinese students , as a contemporary trend to democratise the state and party in the Soviet Union under Mikhail Gorbachev .
The mistake , intentional or otherwise , of many foreign journalists who had flown in for the Gorbachev visit during April and had stayed on to cover the events in the square , was to assume that " democratisation " implied a general desire of the students to embrace Western bourgeois - democratic models within the context of a capitalist system .
In reality , few students at the time had more than a very hazy theoretical notion of " bourgeois democracy " .
Many felt that , given China 's poverty and other problems , transplanted " bourgeois - democratic models " were not appropriate .
The construction of the Goddess of Democracy statue in the square by students from a Beijing Arts College days before June 4 was sufficient to drive most remaining journalistic sobriety out the window .
The resemblance to the US Statue of Liberty was striking .
Any possibility of multiple interpretations of this act was sidelined as the journalists and editors , collective tears in eyes , packaged those students ' action as equivalent to having erected a giant apple pie or even a McDonald 's burger with the lot .
With hindsight , the movement and subsequent massacre and crackdown in Beijing possessed far more in common with earlier democracy movements in Hungary ( 1956 ) and Czechoslovakia ( 1968 ) , and their outcomes under Stalinism , than with a general urge to adopt a US bourgeois " democratic " system .
Few at that time were willing to swap the dictatorship of the Stalinist CCP for an outright " dictatorship of the bourgeoisie " .
However , it would be utopian to suggest that after June 4 , 1989 , many people in Beijing would have felt that " socialism " in China could still be reformed towards an anti-Stalinist model .
Immediately after Premier Li Peng 's declaration of martial law on May 20 , there was a definite " get stuffed " attitude by the people towards the party leadership .
The population of the capital , with a voluntary unity unprecedented in recent times , declared by their words and actions that they had had quite enough of decades of dictatorial high - handedness and factional stupidities .
This was expressed in the spontaneous massive mobilisation , lasting several weeks , of human barricades to stop the PLA entering central Beijing .
A key difference from Hungary ' 56 and Czechoslovakia ' 68 was that in 1989 the Chinese democracy movement was not crushed by Soviet tanks , but by PLA ones .
Many Western leaders were politically " king hit " by the scenes of tanks rolling through the square .
Along with many Chinese , they had admired " Deng the political survivor " , and enthusiastically followed his leadership as the Chinese people struggled to free themselves from the horrors and stupidities of the CCP - imposed Cultural Revolution .
Meanwhile , the arrival of each anniversary of the massacre continues to worry the CCP leadership .
In the lead - up , dissidents continue to be arrested as a matter of course .
The government 's crackdowns in Tibet and Xinjiang serve as a reminder that placards for Tibetan independence were amongst those held high in the pro-democratisation rallies of 1989 .
As for Tiananmen Square , since 1989 the government has been keen to maintain it as a centre for rallies only in support of the party leadership .
Not long after 1989 , the Beijing authorities erected a " Notice for Visiting the Monument to the People 's Heroes " on a lower tier at this shrine at the centre of the square .
Learning the lesson that even individual expressions of grief for " revolutionary martyrs " can be the catalyst for mass anti-government protests , the authorities have stipulated : " Any commemorative activities at the Monument must be authorised by the Beijing Municipal Government or the Tiananmen Square Administrative Committee " , and " Presenting wreaths , baskets of flowers , garlands and small flowers to the Monument must be approved by the Tiananmen Square Administrative Committee .
Registrations of formalities should be made 5 days ahead . "
It would be hard to invent a more " perfect " bureaucratic solution to public spontaneity .
The Chinese economy is booming , but only for some .
Hardly rating a mention has been the trend to rapidly increasing social disparity , dislocation of the rural and urban poor , the massive and continuous rise in official corruption , the arrests of struggling workers and repression of " illegal " worker organisations , the jailing of political dissidents , the special repressive measures within " ethnic minority areas " such as Tibet and Xinjiang -- policies that are also encouraged by the investment interests of both Western imperialism and south - east Asian capitalism .
It 's a sign the government still fears the next of the mass movements , which , as far as China 's bureaucratic leaders are concerned , have a habit of resurfacing with disturbing regularity .
JPMorgan , for instance , suggests selling the Hungarian forint against the euro , a perfect position to profit from what is likely to be a sharp Hungarian recession this year , which will put pressure on it to devalue its currency .
If you are queasy about dabbling in faraway countries where strange languages are spoken , there are also options to profit from recession at home .
Last month , Merrill Lynch suggested American muni bonds on the grounds that even if their finances look dismal , the feds are unlikely to let states and municipalities go under .
“ One would think that taking the ‘ fiscal stimulus ’ to the grass roots level would be the most effective way of dealing with the situation , ” it said .
There is even a good strategy to invest in domestic equities .
All you do is buy them at night and sell them in the morning .
Last week , Goldman Sachs noted that short - selling the S.&P. index by the day and buying it overnight would have produced a 9 percent return since the start of 2008  respectable considering the S.&P .
had fallen by nearly half since then .
I realize it must feel somewhat strange to be taking financial advice from the people who brought us the collateralized debt obligation and the credit default swap , those “ financial weapons of mass destruction , ” in Warren Buffett ’s parlance .
But who else should we take investment advice from ?
Mr. Buffett ’s own “ Buy ” recommendation last October has taken a beating .
And though President Obama is clearly a profound thinker , his observation that stocks are cheap these days sounds somewhat amateurish .
BAGHDAD , May 2 ( UPI ) --
A series of big explosions in April helped push the death toll in Iraq to 355 for the month , the bloodiest so far this year , officials said .
The death count did not include at least 80 Iranian pilgrims slain in the country , but does include 290 Iraqi civilians , making for a worrying trend of more non-combatants being targeted by militants as U.S. troops prepare for withdrawal , the BBC reported Saturday .
Advertisement
April also marked the bloodiest month so far in 2009 for U.S. troops , with 12 soldiers slain , military figures indicate .
Official death toll numbers issued by three Iraqi ministries showed April experienced a 40 percent jump , including 65 soldiers or police officers , who are often the targets of bombings , the BBC said .
The numbers reportedly were impacted by bomb attacks that claimed at least 150 lives in just two days .
Helping spur demand , he said , might be the fact that unemployed men often qualify for free vasectomies under Family PACT , a California family planning program for low - income households .
On the Upper East Side of Manhattan , where the financial industry ’s collapse has compressed many a household budget , Dr. Marc Goldstein says he has been performing more vasectomies than usual over the last five months .
Through most of last year , Dr. Goldstein , who directs male reproductive medicine and microsurgery at the New York - Presbyterian Hospital / Weill Cornell Medical Center , was performing about six vasectomies a month .
Then , in November , the number rose to nine , where it was holding steady through the end of March .
“ I ’ve been in practice for 30 years , and I ’ve never seen a spike like this , ” Dr. Goldstein said .
“ Many of my clients work in finance and say they feel anxious about the expense of an added child . ”
In Seattle , Dr. Charles Wilson of the Vasectomy Clinic says that in the last half - year he has performed an average of 123 of the procedures each month  13 percent above the year - earlier average .
“ Some come in because they are out of work and have more time on their hands to take care of medical issues , ” Dr. Wilson said .
“ Others are afraid of losing their job and want to get their vasectomy done before they lose their health insurance . ”
Unemployment was the reason Michael Swogger , 30 , went to see Dr. Wilson .
Mr. Swogger was laid off in January from his job as a Microsoft software test engineer .
With three children and another on the way , he and his wife decided it was time for a vasectomy .
“ I wanted to get this done before the insurance ran out , ” Mr. Swogger said .
Meanwhile , visits to Vasectomy.com  a 10 - year - old informational site that also markets doctors to patients  were up 17.5 percent in the first quarter , compared with the first three months of last year .
A 1957 Ferrari race car set a record at public auction Sunday , fetching more than $ 12 million .
To buy or not to buy ?
View photos From a 1997 Mercury Cougar to a 2009 Honda Pilot , 8 readers tell us why they decided to buy a new car or keep their old wheels .
Quick Vote
How are you responding to the recent spike in gasoline prices ?
Driving less
Considering a more fuel - efficient vehicle
Taking mass transit
Not doing anything or View results Find your next Car New
Used Select a Make Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Bugatti Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari Ford GMC Honda HUMMER Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes - Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Morgan Nissan Pontiac Porsche Rolls - Royce Saab Saturn Scion smart Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Select a Make Acura Aston Martin Audi BMW Bentley Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Eagle Ferrari Ford GMC Geo Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus MG Maserati Mazda Mercedes - Benz Mercury Mini Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Rolls - Royce Saab Saturn Scion Smart Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- A 1957 Ferrari race car was sold at auction in Italy on Sunday for a record $ 12 million , according to the Italian automaker .
The sale of the 250 Testa Rossa - for 9.02 million euro - blew past the previous auction record scored by a 1961 Ferrari 250 GT , which sold last year for $ 9.6 million in current exchange rates .
The identities of both the buyer and seller were not made public .
" Ferrari prices have absolutely defied gravity for the past few years , " said McKeel Hagerty , CEO of Hagerty Insurance , a company that insures high - value collectable cars in Europe and North America .
Private sales of Ferraris have fetched such premium prices before , but this is a record for a public auction .
" That is what makes this pretty remarkable .
It is a pretty special sale , " said Hagerty .
Ferrari , headquartered in Maranello , Italy , made only 22 of the 250 Testa Rossa racecars .
The car sold at auction first hit the track at the 1958 Buenos Aires 1000 km , where it came in fourth place .
All 22 models of the Testa Rossa were entered in 19 international championships between 1958 and 1961 and won 10 victories , according to a release from auction house RM Auctions .
The auction for the race car lured bidders from across the globe .
" The historical significance of this car attracted a bidding war as collectors from around the world - both in the room and on the telephone - competed to secure one of the most alluring and iconic of all Ferrari racing cars , " said Max Girardo , managing director of RM Europe , in a statement .
Last year , the 1961 Ferrari California Spyder set the record for a price paid at auction .
Big - ticket auction sales are usually kept confidential .
But last year 's Spyder sale was different because the car had been owned by actor James Coburn , who died in 2002 , and was purchased by British television and radio personality Chris Evans .
The market for collectable cars has been dented by the recession , but buyers are willing to pay top dollar for rare race cars like the Testa Rossa .
" It is literally the Van Gogh or Picasso that someone wants to have over their mantle , " said Hagerty .
The record - setting auction for the Italian luxury automobile comes in the middle of a global recession that has sent U.S. automakers into a tailspin , forcing them to adhere to strict restructuring plans .
Chrysler has had to shutter 789 dealerships , or roughly 25 % of the current number , as part of its bankruptcy filing .
On Friday , General Motors ( GM , Fortune 500 ) said it would be terminating contracts with 1,100 of its 6,000 dealerships .
Chrysler was forced to file for bankruptcy and entered into an alliance with Italian automaker Fiat , which owns 85 % of Ferrari .
Piero Ferrari owns 10 % of Ferrari and Mubadala Development Company , based out of Abu Dhabi , the capital of the United Arab Emirates , owns another 5 % of the company .
Last week the U.S. House of Representatives passed a bill which included an expanded credit facility for the IMF and gave U.S. approval for the proposed IMF sale of 400 tons of gold .
Is this an attempt to suppress the price of gold , sheer stupidity , or something else ?
While you are pondering the question please consider Obama Administration pushes IMF gold sales through House by tieing it to security bill .
The Obama administration has pushed a bill through the U.S. House of Representatives approving $ 106 billion in supplemental funding , primarily for the Iraq and Afghanistan ' security ' efforts , but attached to it was also an expanded credit facility for the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) of a massive $ 108 billion which included an agreement to allow U.S , . members of the IMF Board to agree the proposed $ 13 billion sale of 400 tons of IMF gold to shore up its finances .
In theory the US .
approval of the IMF gold sale , which still has to pass through the U.S. Senate would be the final hurdle in the gold sale actually going ahead .
But despite this there was virtually little or no impact on the gold market .
In part this may be because of scant publicity being given to this part of the funding approval , but also in that firstly the gold market has largely discounted the IMF gold sale anyway , and secondly in that the IMF has said it will dispose of its gold in an orderly manner through a system such as the Central Bank Gold Agreement which limits sales volumes in a given year .
Gold Role In The IMF
The IMF holds 103.4 million ounces ( 3,217 metric tons ) of gold at designated depositories .
The IMF ’s total gold holdings are valued on its balance sheet at SDR 5.9 billion ( about $ 8.7 billion ) on the basis of historical cost .
As of March 31 , 2009 , the IMF 's holdings amounted to $ 94.8 billion ( at then current market prices ) .
The Articles of Agreement now limit the use of gold in the IMF 's operations and transactions .
The IMF may sell gold outright on the basis of prevailing market prices , and may accept gold in the discharge of a member 's obligations at an agreed price , based on market prices at the time of acceptance .
These transactions in gold require an 85 percent majority of total voting power .
The IMF does not have the authority to engage in any other gold transactions — such as loans , leases , swaps , or use of gold as collateral — nor does it have the authority to buy gold .
Reasons To Cheer IMF Gold Sales
Okay , my crush is long gone and the fictional Partridge family really does n't matter .
But Shirley Jones is still a real life mother to both Shaun and Patrick Cassidy in addition to her stepson .
Whether you are a current mom or ever plan to become a mom , I just do n't understand how you could allow nude pictures of yourself to be made public .
The same goes with appearing nude in movies .
Until yesterday , this really was not a topic that I ever thought much about .
Then I heard that Shirley Jones , aka Shirley Partridge , wants to pose nude in Playboy magazine .
Like everyone else , my first thought went to her age .
She is 75 .
But I knew that really was n't my real concern .
I loved the Partridge Family growing up and had the biggest crush on David Cassidy , aka , Keith Partridge .
Shirley is his TV mom and his real - life step mom .
I am not a prude .
But when it comes to family , all the rules change .
I can't even imagine what it would do to my teenage sons if I did something like that .
If they read this post they will probably be mortified that I am even writing about nudity .
Kids of any age , even adults , do not want to see their mothers as sexual beings , and certainly do n't want anyone seeing her naked .
Just think how grossed out kids get when they think about their own parents having sex .
It also always amazes me how many women have had nude photos taken of them in their past that become public as soon as these women start to gain any public recognition .
Right now it is Miss California , Carrie Prejean 's turn .
How many other beauty pagent and American Idol contestants has this already happened to .
Now granted most of these women are single and childless , but I imagine many of them plan on having children one day .
The embarrassment that their children will one day feel will not be diminished by time .
I look up to the actresses that have the guts to refuse to undress for a role .
Julia Roberts and Sarah Jessica
Parker have nudity clauses in all their contracts and they did this even before they became moms .
I would bet that they are even happier that they did this now .
And back to Shirley Jones , my theory is that her and her husband , Marty Ingels , staged the Playboy offer for publicity , knowing that Playboy would n't agree .
What do you think ?
As President Obama grapples with accusations of torture by U.S. agents , I suggest he consult the former Senate majority leader , Tom Daschle .
I first contacted Daschle in 1975 , when he was an aide to Sen.
James Abourezk of South Dakota , who was leading a somewhat lonely campaign against CIA abuses .
At the time , I was researching a book on the United States ’ role in the spread of military dictatorships throughout Latin America .
Daschle arranged for me to inspect the senator ’s files , and I spent an evening reading accounts of U.S. complicity in torture .
The stories came from Iran , Taiwan , Greece and , for the preceding 10 years , from Brazil and the rest of the continent ’s Southern Cone .
Despite my past reporting from South Vietnam , I had been naive enough to be at first surprised and then appalled by the degree to which our country had helped to overthrow elected governments in Latin America .
Advertisement
Our interference , which went on for decades , was not limited to one political party .
The meddling in Brazil began in earnest during the early 1960s under a Democratic administration .
At that time , Washington ’s alarm over Cuba was much like the more recent panic after 9/11 .
The Kennedy White House was determined to prevent another communist regime in the hemisphere , and Robert Kennedy , as attorney general , was taking a strong interest in several anti-communist approaches , including the Office of Public Safety .
When OPS was launched under President Eisenhower , its mission sounded benign enough -- to increase the professionalism of the police of Asia , Africa and , particularly , Latin America .
But its genial director , Byron Engle , was a CIA agent , and his program was part of a wider effort to identify receptive recruits among local populations .
Although Engle wanted to avoid having his unit exposed as a CIA front , in the public mind the separation was quickly blurred .
Dan Mitrione , for example , a police advisor murdered by Uruguay ’s left - wing Tupamaros for his role in torture in that country , was widely assumed to be a CIA agent .
When Brazil seemed to tilt leftward after President Joao Goulart assumed power in 1961 , the Kennedy administration grew increasingly troubled .
Robert Kennedy traveled to Brazil to tell Goulart he should dismiss two of his Cabinet members , and the office of Lincoln Gordon , John Kennedy ’s ambassador to Brazil , became the hub for CIA efforts to destabilize Goulart ’s government .
Advertisement
On March 31 , 1964 , encouraged by U.S. military attache Vernon Walters , Brazilian Gen. Humberto Castelo Branco rose up against Goulart .
Rather than set off a civil war , Goulart chose exile in Montevideo .
Ambassador Gordon returned to a jubilant Washington , where he ran into Robert Kennedy , who was still grieving for his brother , assassinated the previous November .
“ Well , he got what was coming to him , ” Kennedy said of Goulart .
“ Too bad he did n’t follow the advice we gave him when we were down there . ”
The Brazilian people did not deserve what they got .
The military cracked down harshly on labor unions , newspapers and student associations .
The newly efficient police , drawing on training provided by the U.S. , began routinely torturing political prisoners and even opened a torture school on the outskirts of Rio de Janeiro to teach police sergeants how to inflict the maximum pain without killing their victims .
One torture victim was Fernando Gabeira , a young reporter for Jornal do Brasil who was recruited by a resistance movement and later arrested for his role in the 1969 kidnapping of Charles Burke Elbrick , the U.S. ambassador .
( Elbrick was released after four days . )
In custody , Gabeira later told me , he was tortured with electric shocks to his testicles ; a fellow prisoner had his testicles nailed to a table .
Still others were beaten bloody or waterboarded .
When Gabeira ’s captors said anything at all , they sometimes boasted about having been trained in the United States .
Advertisement
During the first seven years after Castelo Branco ’s coup , the OPS trained 100,000 Brazilian police , including 600 who were brought to the United States .
Their instruction varied .
Some OPS lecturers denounced torture as inhumane and ineffectual .
Others conveyed a different message .
Le Van
An , a student from the South Vietnamese police , later described what his instructors told him : “ Despite the fact that brutal interrogation is strongly criticized by moralists , ” they said , “ its importance must not be denied if we want to have order and security in daily life . ”
Brazil ’s political prisoners never doubted that Americans were involved in the torture that proliferated in their country .
On their release , they reported that they frequently had heard English - speaking men around them , foreigners who left the room while the actual torture took place .
As the years passed , those torture victims say , the men with American accents became less careful and sometimes stayed on during interrogations .
One student dissident , Angela Camargo Seixas , described to me how she was beaten and had electric wires inserted into her vagina after her arrest .
During her interrogations , she found that her hatred was directed less toward her countrymen than toward the North Americans .
She vowed never to forgive the United States for training and equipping the Brazilian police .
Flavio Tavares Freitas , a journalist and Christian nationalist , shared that sense of outrage .
When he had wires jammed in his ears , between his teeth and into his anus , he saw that the small gray generator producing the shocks had on its side the red , white and blue shield of the USAID .
Advertisement
Still another student leader , Jean Marc Von der Weid , told of having his penis wrapped in wires and connected to a battery - operated field telephone .
Von der Weid , who had been in Brazil ’s marine reserve , said he recognized the telephone as one supplied by the United States through its military assistance program .
Victims often said that their one moment of hope came when a medical doctor appeared in their cell .
Now surely the torment would end .
Then they found that he was only there to guarantee that they could survive another round of shocks .
CIA Director Richard Helms once tried to rebut accusations against his agency by asserting that the nation must take it on faith that the CIA was made up of “ honorable men . ”
That was before Sen. Frank Church ’s 1975 Senate hearings brought to light CIA behavior that was deeply dishonorable .
Before Brazil restored civilian government in 1985 , Abourezk had managed to shut down a Texas training base notorious for teaching subversive techniques , including the making of bombs .
When OPS came under attack during another flurry of bad publicity , the CIA did not fight to save it , and its funding was cut off .
Advertisement
Looking back , what has changed since 1975 ?
A Brazilian truth and reconciliation commission was convened , and it documented 339 cases of government - sanctioned political assassinations .
In 2002 , a former labor leader and political prisoner , Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva , was elected president of Brazil .
He ’s serving his second term .
Fernando Gabeira went home to publish a book about kidnapping the American ambassador and his ordeal in prison .
The book became a bestseller throughout Brazil , and Gabeira was elected to the national legislature .
In an election last October , he came within 1.4 percentage points of becoming the mayor of Rio de Janeiro .
But in our country , there ’s been a disheartening development :
In 1975 , U.S. officials still felt they had to deny condoning torture .
Now many of them seem to be defending torture , even boasting about it .
Thursday evening we had our initial taste test of Baconnaise .
I was a little concerned over how to try it after so many weeks of anticipation while waiting on our back - ordered delivery .
We decided to go with a twist on the classic BLT .
After all , what could be better than bacon squared ?
Our combination was lightly toasted multi-grain bread , fresh sliced vine ripe tomatoes , mixed greens , bacon , and Baconnaise .
I was careful to spread some of the Baconnaise all the way to the edge to make sure I got some bites without bacon while evaluating .
Now all that was left to do was get busy tasting .
I must say , initial testing was inconclusive .
I vacillated between " I like BBQ sauce better " and " Quick , give me a spoon or straw " .
Denine liked the bacon flavor and was happy that it was not too smokey .
We both agreed that it would be cool if actual bits of bacon were part of the product .
Yes , more tasting will be required .
In the meantime , deliveries must be made to others who are waiting on delivery and a second order is on the way .
Our maiden jar is safely nestled on the top shelf of the fridge at this very moment .
Baconnaise fever has landed in our city .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - American International Group funneled over $ 90 billion of taxpayer bailout funds to various U.S. and European banks , but the biggest beneficiary was politically connected Goldman Sachs Group Inc .
Suspicions of potential conflicts of interest and favoritism have been fueled by $ 12.9 billion AIG paid to Goldman Sachs -- where then - Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson had previously worked as chief executive -- in the months after the insurer was rescued by the government last September .
Goldman , for its part , has insisted it did not need the bailout money because it was “ always fully collateralized and hedged . ”
Long Wall
Street ’s largest investment bank before it recently became a bank holding company , Goldman answered a series of questions from Reuters about the bailout funds .
“ We can say that our notional exposure to AIG is a fraction of what it was at the time of the September bailout , ” Goldman spokesman Michael DuVally said .
Asked why Goldman Sachs took $ 12.9 billion of taxpayer money if it was collateralized and hedged on its AIG positions , DuVally said it was because AIG was not allowed to fail , so Goldman did not get money from hedges that would have paid out if the insurer had collapsed .
And , he said , under the terms of its contracts with AIG , Goldman was entitled to collateral .
DuVally also said the bank does extensive due diligence on all its counterparties .
How much Goldman and other counterparties received from AIG has been just one of several flashpoints over the taxpayer rescue of what was once the world ’s largest insurer .
AIG has also infuriated politicians -- including U.S. President Barack Obama -- with its plan to pay $ 165 million in bonuses to employees at the unit at the heart of its problems .
Still , the payments to counterparties like Goldman Sachs dwarfed the bonuses , and some experts contend that these companies should have been made to share some of the losses resulting from the giant insurance firm ’s near collapse .
“ People see that the guys that ruined AIG are getting paid more money , and that creates outrage , ” said Porter Stansberry , managing director of Stansberry & Associates Investment Research .
“ If you want to be outraged , be outraged that the counterparties got paid out full value . ”
Goldman was not the only large bank with exposure to AIG .
The list of counterparties that AIG disclosed on Sunday included others that got large sums .
Goldman was followed by Societe Generale with $ 11.9 billion , Deutsche Bank with $ 11.8 billion and Barclays PLC with $ 8.5 billion .
Moreover , the AIG disclosures are still incomplete in that they do not include payments to the banks since December 31 .
“ We are looking at a small piece of it right here .
So what is the total exposure ?
That ’s the question .
And then the issue is , well , if that was wiped out what would it do to Goldman ’s capital ? ” said Campbell Harvey , a finance professor at Duke University .
“ It is obvious that firms underestimated the counterparty risk .
That was their mistake , ” Harvey said .
“ Yet they are getting bailouts of U.S. taxpayer money .
Why should we pay for their mistake ? ”
In an editorial on Tuesday , the Wall Street Journal pointed to Goldman ’s claim that “ all of its AIG bets were adequately hedged and that it needed no ‘ bailout . ’ ”
“ Why take $ 13 billion then ?
This needless cover - up is one reason Americans are getting angrier as they wonder if Washington is lying to them about these bailouts , ” the Journal said .
The bailout has stirred resentment not just in the U.S. Congress , but on Wall Street , where investors have speculated that Goldman and its connections helped it get a better deal .
In recent years , many former Goldman executives have moved into government .
Paulson left Goldman in 2006 as chief executive .
The chairman of the New York Federal Reserve is former Goldman Chairman Steve Friedman .
“ The person that should be subpoenaed is Hank Paulson .
How do you go from running Goldman Sachs in ‘05 and ‘ 06 and making all of these bets with AIG ’s financial products unit and then end up in the government guaranteeing those bets and not have a conflict of interest ? ”
Stansberry asked .
DuVally said Goldman Sachs was not party to any discussions about the bailout of AIG .
Which type are you ?
The way you hold your glass can reveal much more than you might realise , a psychologist has warned .
Dr Glenn Wilson , a consultant psychologist , observed the body language of 500 drinkers and divided them into eight personality types .
These were the flirt , the gossip , fun lover , wallflower , the ice - queen , the playboy , Jack - the - lad and browbeater .
Dr Wilson , who carried out the work for the Walkabout bar chain , said glass hold " reflected the person you are " .
The types of drinker are : THE FLIRT
This is usually a woman , who holds her glass with dainty , splayed fingers and uses it in a provocative way .
She may position it over her cleavage so as to draw attention to her attributes or peer over the rim to make eye contact when taking a sip - and she may " tease " the rim of the glass with her finger , perhaps dipping it into the drink and sucking it dry .
THE GOSSIP Again , usually a woman who clusters together with her friends .
She may be talking about other people , and can be critical .
She holds a wine glass by the bowl and uses it to gesticulate and make points in conversation .
She is inclined to lean over her drink , in towards others so as to speak confidentially .
This person already has a close - knit social group with little inclination to extend it , therefore advances from outsiders are not usually welcome .
THE FUN - LOVER
This type of drinker could be a man or a woman .
They tend to be sociable and convivial and " like a laugh " .
They take short swigs from bottled drinks so they do n't miss out on chipping in with the conversation .
The bottle is held loosely at its shoulder for ease .
This type of person is always happy to extend their social circle .
The best way to approach them therefore is to leap directly into light , good - humoured conversation and make them laugh .
THE WALLFLOWER
Usually a shy , submissive person who holds the glass protectively , not letting go , as though afraid somebody will take it away .
Palms are kept hidden and the glass is used as a social crutch - the drink is never quite finished , with a mouthful left in case of emergency .
The drink is small - maybe half a pint of lager for a man .
When you 're in a crowded bar , often all you have to go on is body language
Dr Glenn Wilson
It may be drunk through a straw , which is fidgeted with , and used to stir the drink between sips .
The style and pace of drinking is an echo of those around them - very little is initiated .
This individual needs to be approached in a gentle , sensitive way , with perhaps a few understated compliments to build self - confidence , but may eventually warm to overtures .
THE ICE - QUEEN
This is a mainly female type whose natural style is cold and defensive .
She drinks from a wine glass , or a short glass , which is held firmly in a barrier position across the body so as to deter intimate approaches .
It is usually a waste of time approaching this woman ; she may be ready with a castrating put - down .
THE PLAYBOY
This man is active and self - confident ; a " Don Juan " - type seducer .
He uses his , usually long , glass or bottle as a phallic prop , playing with it suggestively .
He is inclined to be possessive , and can be tactile with his female companions .
THE JACK - THE -LAD
This " peacock " is conscious of his image and will drink a bottled beer , or cider .
He is inclined to be confident and arrogant , and can be territorial in his gestures , spreading himself over as much space as possible , for example , pushing the glass well away from himself and leaning back in his chair .
If he is drinking with friends , he would be unlikely to welcome approaches from outside the group , unless sycophantic and ego - enhancing .
THE BROWBEATER
Again usually male , he prefers large glasses , or bottles , which he uses as symbolic weapons , firmly grasped , and gesticulating in a threatening , " in the face " kind of way .
Something of a know - it - all , he can come across as slightly hostile , even if only through verbal argument , or jokes targeted at others .
He should be approached with great care , or not at all .
' An unconscious thing ' Dr. Wilson said : " The simple act of holding a drink displays a lot more about us than we realise - or might want to divulge .
" When you 're in a crowded bar , often all you have to go on is body language .
" To a large extent , it 's an unconscious thing and just reflects the person you are and the type of social relationships you have . "
But he warned : " The next time you 're in a bar , it might be worth thinking about what you 're saying to the people around you , just by the way you 're holding your glass . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Massive predators like Albertosaurus and Tyrannosaurus rex may have been at the top of the food chain , but they were not the only meat - eating dinosaurs to roam North America , according to Canadian researchers who have discovered the smallest dinosaur species on the continent to date .
Their work is also helping re-draw the picture of North America 's ecosystem at the height of the dinosaur age 75 million years ago .
" Hesperonychus is currently the smallest dinosaur known from North America .
But its discovery just emphasizes how little we actually know , and it raises the possibility that there are even smaller ones out there waiting to be found , " said Nick Longrich , a paleontology research associate in the University of Calgary 's Department of Biological Sciences .
" Small carnivorous dinosaurs seemed to be completely absent from the environment , which seemed bizarre because today the small carnivores outnumber the big ones , " he said .
" It turns out that they were here and they played a more important role in the ecosystem than we realized .
So for the past 100 years , we 've completely overlooked a major part of North America 's dinosaur community . "
In a paper published March 16 in the scientific journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , Longrich and University of Alberta paleontologist Philip Currie describe a new genus of carnivorous dinosaur that was smaller than a modern housecat and likely hunted insects , small mammals and other prey through the swamps and forests of the late Cretaceous period in southeastern Alberta , Canada .
Weighing approximately two kilograms and standing about 50 centimetres tall , Hesperonychus elizabethae resembled a miniature version of the famous bipedal predator Velociraptor , to which it was closely related .
Hesperonychus ran about on two legs and had razor - like claws and an enlarged sickle - shaped claw on its second toe .
It had a slender build and slender head with dagger - like teeth .
" It was half the size of a domestic cat and probably hunted and ate whatever it could for its size – insects , mammals , amphibians and maybe even baby dinosaurs , " Longrich said .
" It probably spent most of its time close to the ground searching through the marshes and forests that characterized the area at the end of the Cretaceous . "
Fossilized remains of Hesperonychus , which means “ western claw , ” were collected in 1982 from several locations including Dinosaur Provincial Park .
The most important specimen , a well - preserved pelvis , was recovered by legendary Alberta paleontologist Elizabeth ( Betsy ) Nicholls , after which the species is named .
Nicholls was the curator of marine reptiles at the Royal Tyrrell Museum in Drumheller and earned her MSc and PhD degrees at U of C .
She passed away in 2004 .
The fossils remained unstudied for 25 years until Longrich came across them in the University of Alberta ’s collection in 2007 .
Longrich and Currie focused on fossilized claws and a well - preserved pelvis for their description .
" The claws were thought to come from juveniles - they were just so small .
But when we studied the pelvis , we found the hip bones were fused , which would only have happened once the animal was fully grown " , Longrich said .
" Until now , the smallest carnivorous dinosaurs we have seen in North America have been about the size of a wolf .
Judging by the amount of material that was collected , we believe animals the size of Hesperonychus must have been quite common on the landscape . "
Currie and Longrich last year described the previous record - setting small North American dinosaur , a chicken - sized insectivore named Albertonykus borealis .
The discovery of Hesperonychus is the first sign of small carnivorous dinosaurs in North America and also extends the timeframe of small , birdlike dromaeosaurs known as the Microraptorinae in the fossil record by approximately 45 million years .
Specimens from China have been found dating to 120 million years ago , while Hesperonychus appeared to have thrived until the end of dinosaur age in the late Cretaceous .
( CNN ) --
At least 10 people were killed Tuesday in a shooting spree that spanned two small southern Alabama towns , state officials confirmed .
The gunman , who turned the gun on himself , and the wife and child of a sheriff 's deputy were among those killed .
An ambulance rushes to the scene of a multiple shooting in Samson , Alabama , on Tuesday afternoon .
The shooting started in a neighborhood in Samson , a town of about 3,000 about 15 miles north of the Florida border , just after 4 p.m. ( 5 p.m. ET ) and ended 12 miles away at a manufacturing plant in Geneva , said Alabama state Sen.
Harri Anne Smith , who represents Geneva County .
" He was shooting at just ordinary people going about their business , " Smith told CNN , saying she had been briefed by state and local law enforcement .
The gunman , whose identity was not disclosed , shot himself at the Reliable Metal Products plant , state public safety spokesman Kevin Cook told CNN .
Authorities are also investigating an arson at a residence in neighboring Coffee County , where a body was found .
That incident is thought to be related to the shootings , Cook said .
Investigators are trying to determine whether the gunman , who Cook said was armed with a semi-automatic weapon , knew any of the victims .
State police Cpl. Steve Jarrett told reporters that the gunman killed six adults and one child in three residences in Samson , before heading down state Highway 52 , firing at least seven bullets into a state trooper car .
The trooper sustained minor injuries from shattered glass .
Geneva County Sheriff Greg
Ward said one of his deputies lost his wife and toddler in the shooting at the first house .
An infant was also wounded .
Watch Sheriff
Ward describe what happened »
" I can't describe what happened , why it happened , " Ward told CNN affiliate WTVY .
" It 's just a sad day for Geneva County . "
The gunman then killed another person at Samson Pipe and Supply and then another at a service station -- both on Highway 52 , Jarrett said .
Watch CNN 's Anderson Cooper talk about the investigation »
A witness told CNN Radio she saw a woman 's body at the Big - Little Store service station off the highway as people gathered at the crime scene .
The gunman ended up at the Reliable Metal Products plant in Geneva , where police rammed his vehicle , forcing him to get out .
He fired a 30 - round burst with what appeared to be an M16 , grazing Police Chief Frankie Lindsey with a bullet .
Watch a timeline of the shootings »
" Then the subject entered the business .
Within minutes , shots were heard .
...
Law enforcement officers found him dead , " Jarrett said .
" There are believed to be additional people shot and wounded during these episodes , " he said .
Watch the aftermath of the shooting spree »
Sheriff 's officials says the gunman was a former employee of Reliable Metal , CNN affiliate WEAR - TV reported .
The FBI bureau in Mobile , Alabama , sent an agent to assist the Geneva County sheriff 's office and local police , a spokeswoman for the FBI said .
Col .
Christopher Murphy , head of the Alabama Department of Public Safety , called the southern Alabama shooting spree " the worst that DPS has a memory of . "
Another mass killing occurred in southern Alabama in 2002 , when Westley Devon Harris gunned down six members of his 16 - year - old girlfriend 's family at their farm in Luverne .
Harris was convicted and sentenced to the death penalty in 2005 .
All About Alabama
Texas strip club sues 14 - year - old exotic dancer
A strip club that hired a 14 - year - old as an exotic dancer is now suing the girl , saying the seventh - grader swindled them into breaking state law .
The San Antonio teen allegedly exposed her breasts while working at Cheetah Club in Corpus Christi , a violation of state law .
Alan Yaffe , the club ’s attorney , said the club did n’t know the girl was a minor .
“ She came ( into the club ) with 6 - inch stiletto heels and a miniskirt and looked just like a model from a Miss America ’s contest , ” Yaffe said .
Yaffe also disputed the sequence of events that authorities say brought the 14 - year - old girl to Club Cheetah , where she exposed her breasts — a violation of state law .
Police say Leslie Campbell , 48 , kidnapped the teenager in San Antonio in March , took her to Corpus Christi , sexually assaulted her over the course of a week , gave her a false identification card and forced her to strip at the club .
Police say the girl , who has not been identified , escaped from Campbell ’s home and has been reunited with her parents in San Antonio .
Campbell was arrested and remains in Nueces County Jail on charges of aggravated sexual assault and aggravated kidnapping .
Seeking damages
RJL Entertainment Inc. , — which is doing business as “ Cheetah Club , ” according to tax records — filed the lawsuit last week .
The suit seeks unspecified damages from Campbell , the girl and her parents , as well as a declaration from a judge that it did not intend to hire a minor .
“ We ’re the victims here , ” Yaffe said .
Authorities also arrested Jeffery Shawn Martinez , a manager at the club , on charges of employment harmful to a minor and sexual performance of a child .
He was released on bail .
Martinez ’s attorney , Fred Jimenez , said his client is not guilty .
“ The minor walked in there with a fake ID and presented herself to be 22 years old , ” Jimenez said .
“ She looks very mature . ”
Texas Alcoholic Beverage Commission Sgt. John Mann disagreed .
“ I ’ve seen this young lady ’s picture , and I assure you she is a 14 - year - old seventh - grader , ” Mann said .
“ I personally think any reasonable and prudent person could tell you that is an underage girl . ”
Mann said he expects his agency to take legal action against the club .
bchasnoff@express-news.net
I am not sure about you , but as someone who left the Republican Party over 15 years ago , I cannot help but laugh at the leadership of the Republican Party .
If the reports from the Georgia Republican Convention are true , then they still do not get it , and that points yet again to the dismal failure of the “ two - party system ”
When a party wins , they are the only solution .
When they lose they look to every explanation that is not found in a mirror .
Report from Savannah , GA
Michael Steele is claiming that “ fresh faces and ideas ” are what they believe is the prescription for what ails the Republican Party .
They need a second opinion .
The Republican Party has not become irrelevant because of a lack of fresh faces and fresh ideas .
It is irrelevant because the old faces do not represent the same message and principles that they once did .
The old faces do not even represent the same principle from day to day .
For starters , they need to oust all of the Republicans in Name Only ( RINOS ) .
They have done more harm than good .
They have been inside the Trojan Horse of the Republican Party .
They have eaten away from the core of the party from the inside out .
Rinos have weakened the party , and they should have been called out by true Republicans years ago .
The Republican Party became irrelevant because once they had the power , they tried to endear themselves to the voters that did not support them .
They created greater entitlement programs .
They spent more on programs than were certainly not Republican in nature .
They , in essence , tried to out Democrat the Democrats , believing that if they could sway another 5 - 10 % of the Democrats into their camp , by showing how caring and compassionate they really were by supporting their liberal Outreach program ( Medicare expansion ring a bell ? ) that they lost the core of the Republican Party .
In 2008 , they gave us the most liberal Republican Party candidate in my lifetime .
If there was ever a candidate that offered what Steele claims is needed , it was John McCain .
The results were clear despite the addition of Sarah Palin , who was indeed a fresh face .
And they believe that the answer in the future is someone more like John McCain 's principles ?
Please tell me I am mistaken .
What voters want is men and women of principle .
We wasnt them to know what the Constitution is , what it means , and how they must vote to support it .
What we want is for them to say what they mean and mean what they say .
We do not want excuses and justifications for why they were against Medicare expansion but …..
We are tired of the buts !
We are tired of the justifications in supporting programs that are part of an ever increasing Federal Government .
It 's that simple .
That 's what our Founding Fathers had in mind .
So Michael Steele , you can continue to deny what has really caused the failure of the Republican Party .
And each time the Republicans shift a little more to the center , the Democrats shift a little more to the left .
When the Democrats lost the power , did they say they need to be a little more like Republicans ?
Did they become more like Republicans ?
Did Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid search their souls and move towards the center ?
Not a chance .
The only way the Democrats can lose in the future is if the Republicans move away from the center , back to the right , and give voters a CLEAR message on what they represent and will do once elected .
The Democrats know that .
It 's why RINO Colin Powell is telling the Republican Party to move to the center .
It 's why James Carville is sending the same message .
Seriously , how many times have you heard winners tell the losers what they REALLY need to do to beat them in the future .
Democrats support fuzzy ideas and concepts .
Democrats support feel good candidates with the polished rhetoric .
Democrats do not ask for the details .
Republicans are different by nature .
They want the details .
If you promise the moon , they want to know how it will be paid for .
They are not going to turn out to support fuzzy political strategies and concepts .
It is not JUST about winning , as it is for the Democrats .
That is why principles matter .
The old Republicans , like Ronald Reagan , would have never fallen for this .
The New Republicans are too busy trying to place the blame elsewhere because they gave the liberals what they wanted and lost anyway .
You would have thought that they would have figured out when the compromise on “ No New Taxes ” was used to keep George H.W. Bush to a single term .
Some lessons seem to be learned more than once .
Ronald Reagan said what he meant and meant what he said .
He was clear .
You may not have agreed , but you knew the principles behind his policy .
The New Republican Party ?
It depends on the demographics of their target audience for the occasion .
Any time people see and experience the hypocrisy , they are going to migrate away .
There is not a worse feeling than supporting a Party with time , money and votes , and then witness them go against your principles .
Principles they said they supported .
Principles they only support when they think they need you .
Those are not principles .
They never will be .
And when the voters feel betrayed ( because we were ) , we go away .
The Republicans do not need a bigger tent .
They need to advertise what is in the tent truthfully .
Until then , it will just be a carnival event of illusions and tricks .
The path is clear .
The Constitution contains all the principles they need to adhere to in order to return to power .
Unfortunately , they seem unable to locate a copy for reference .
And Michael Steele does not seem to know what it even is .
Captain Jean Luke Picard plays his flute , Star Trek , Funny Video .
The Borg has taken over the ship .
“ This is all very fascinating Number 1 ″
________________________________________________________________________
Please remember to Subscribe , and Bookmark this so others can see it .
You can email / bookmark this post via this button - or these
I ’m not going to fall into the old trap of stereotyping men as sex - crazed fiends led first and foremost by their penises .
And I refuse to pretend that women are sexless creatures who just like to cuddle .
But this story straight from Kenya is one that I ’m having a hard time dissecting .
Last week ,
In order to prod the male political leaders of Kenya towards a truce , female activists in that country mounted a campaign in which they encouraged the wives of said political leaders to withhold sex in order to boycott the punitive behavior and to call attention to the diminishing credibility of Kenya ’s governmental institutions and the insecurity Kenyans are experiencing as a result of ongoing violence .
Prime Minister Raila Odinga ’s wife , Ida , joined the " sex boycott . "
The boycott ends tomorrow ( Wednesday , May 6th ) but women ’s groups are piggybacking on the " success " ( the President and the Prime Minister have agreed to meet ) through the creation of a 90 - day plan that would ensure more monitoring of their country ’s politlcal leaders .
Speaking on behalf of the women organisations involved , Centre for Rights Education and Awareness director Ann Njogu said the two leaders ’ meeting was one of the things they were pushing for .
Sex . Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
“ We are happy because they are setting the way forward , ” she said .
“ We are now looking forward to them calling for a Cabinet meeting , ” she said .
Last year , extreme violence followed elections that created a coalition government bringing Prime Minister Odinga and President Kibaki together .
Scandal and corruption have plagued Kenya and citizens of the country have been banking on Odinga and Kibaki cleaning it up .
According to Foreign Policy Magazine , it was Kenya ’s Federation of Women Lawyers that called for the sex boycott originally .
The group even agreed to pay for prostitutes " in order to make the ban more effective . "
The logic here escapes me .
Paying for prostitutes so the men in power , whose wives are withholding sex from them for political purposes , will make the boycott more effective ?
For some folks , sex outside of marriage is desirable .
For others , it would be a travesty .
I concede that I ’m having a hard time with women being encouraged to ‘ use ’ sex as a power tool ( no pun intended ) in their relationship .
Is n’t sex supposed to be fun , intimate , playful , relationship building ?
The fact that women are being pushed to martyr their own sexuality and sexual desires for the potential benefit of their country is not only harmful to the individual women and couples engaged in the boycott but presents a horribly dysfunctional model for sexuality to young people in that country .
On the other hand , Jimi Izrael , a writer at The Root , questions the reasoning behind this " booty strike " ( as he calls it ) with equally absurd reasoning .
He asks :
Who is the nitwit who thought sex deprivation would motivate men into political discourse ?
But then goes on to write that , in fact , this situation will only result in " … a lot of brothers in the clinic , burning like Heat Miser with diseases they contracted while tricking - off with prostitutes .
Or other kinds of infidelity will run rampant . "
Because men are animals with no self - control ?
Lack of sex , temporarily , will simply force men into adulterous situations ?
Opinions not withstanding , I am not a woman of Kenya .
I offer my respect to the women who have stepped up to make change ; to force action ; and to stand up on behalf of their fellow citizens as they proclaim that there must be an end to the corruption and the violence ( in March of this year 28 people were killed by members of the outlawed Mungiki sect ) .
Finally , I offer my support for the " Gender 10 " – the women who are pushing for an end to the political in - fighting in their country – through new political change measures , choosing to end the sex strike for now .
I may not agree with the means of change but I am not living in Kenya with its poltical and social growing pains and rampant violence .
Maybe , to the mothers of Kenya , withholding sex for the greater good of the children of Kenya makes the most sense .
Surviving the World A Photocomic Education by Dante Shepherd
Lesson # 297 - Alternative Cults
This is funnier if you 've ever heard of Jonestown .
If you have n't , time to learn !
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
We 've added a few other webcomics to the Links page - they 're mainly serials , though ( about the apocalypse in San Francisco or superheroes in Germany ) , so be prepared to spend a lot of time on them .
Due to maintenance issues of our current GPS satellites , geodesist Mike Craymer and his team at Natural Resources Canada have calculated that the accuracy of global positioning systems could start dropping by 2010 .
Advertisement
According to a report released by the Government Accountability Office in April , the Air Force ran into problems with being able to build GPS satellites under budget and on schedule .
For example , three years late from its original launch date , the next GPS satellite will be launched into orbit in November 2009 .
With the hardware currently being used in space , the replacing and maintaining of satellites is crucial , especially since the current hardware we 're using has been in orbit for almost two decades .
If maintenance is not kept up , then GPS accuracy will begin to drop more and more each year .
The GAO has calculated - using reliability curves for each operational satellite - that the probability of keeping a 24 - satellite constellation in orbit drops below 95 percent in 2010 , and could drop as low as 80 percent in 2011 and 2012 .
And if the Air Force does n't meet its goals for the next - generation GPS III satellites , the probability drops to around 10 percent in 2017 .
Advertisement
Not to worry though , the GAO has come up with a few solutions — one of them involving international cooperation — suggesting that the U.S. work with the European Union on their proposed navigation satellite system , Galileo , expected to launch in 2013 .
[ Tidbits via Slashdot - image from GPSmagazine ]
Last week the Wall Street Journal columnist Evan Newmark called Hank Paulson a " national hero . "
We noted that it 's a bit early for that kind of thing and predicted that " history may yet render a more negative judgment . "
Matt Taibbi is a bit more direct , calling Newmark " a craven , bumlicking ass - goblin " in his latest post on TrueSlant .
He points out that Newmark did n't disclose that he once worked for Goldman Sachs , which Paulson ran before being tapped to head up the Treasury Department .
And that 's just for starters .
Here 's a brief excerpt ( but you really should read the whole thing ) :
Exactly what part of Paulson ’s record is heroic , Evan ?
The part where he called up SEC director William Donaldson in 2004 and quietly arranged to get the state to drop capital requirements for the country ’s top five investment banks ?
You remember that business , right , Evan ?
Your hero Paulson met with Donaldson and got the rules changed so that Goldman and four other banks no longer had to abide by the old restrictions that forced banks to actually have a dollar or two on hand for every ten or so they lent out .
After that , it was party time !
Bear Stearns in just a few years had a debt - to - equity ration of 33 - 1 !
Lehman ’s went to 32 - 1 .
By an amazing coincidence , both of these companies exploded just a few years after that meeting , and all of the rest of us , Evan , ended up footing the bill , thanks to a state - sponsored rescue of Bear and a much larger massive bailout of Wall Street in general , necessitated in large part by the damage caused by the chaos surrounding Lehman ’s collapse .
Meanwhile your own Goldman , Sachs ended up with a 22:1 debt - to - equity ratio a few years following that meeting , a number that would have been much higher if one did n’t count the hedges Goldman bought through a company called AIG .
Thanks in large part to Paulson ’s leadership in his last years as head of Goldman , the company was so massively over - leveraged that it would have gone under if AIG — which owed Goldman billions when it went into its death spiral last September — had been allowed to collapse .
But thanks to Hank Paulson , who heroically stepped in and gave AIG $ 80 billion the same weekend he allowed one of Goldman ’s last key competitors , Lehman , to collapse , Goldman did n’t have to go without that money ; $ 13 billion of the AIG bailout went straight to Goldman .
So I guess we have Paulson to thank for the fact that he used about $ 13 billion of our taxpayer money to essentially bail out his own fuckups .
I mean , that ’s heroism if I ’ve ever seen it .
Audie Murphy has nothing on that .
Sit your asses back down , Harriet Tubman , Thomas More , Gandhi and Jesus Christ .
Hank Paulson is in the house !
... If anyone besides Paulson had been running Goldman Sachs earlier in this decade — if a person with a serious brain injury had been in his place , for instance , or a horse , or a head of lettuce — we ’d all be better off today , because there would n’t be so many toxic Goldman - underwritten mortgage - backed CDOs on the market .
We , all of us , are paying the freight for assholes like Paulson , and like you , for that matter .
And while we ’re getting over it , slowly , you ’re really not helping when you open your mouth and pat yourself on the back for all the good deeds you ’ve done .
Spare , us , okay ?
Just give it up .
Cookbook | Ingredients | Recipes | Beverages | Cuisine of the United Kingdom
A nice cup of tea is the usual answer in Britain and Ireland to any everyday problem .
Nothing is so bad that a nice cup of tea with a friend or family member can't make it better .
Ingredients [ edit ]
A cup of unstirred orange pekoe tea with milk
By the cup Yield : 1 cup
6 –8 fl oz ( 200 –250 ml ) hot water
1 measure of tea in an infuser or 1 tea bag ( preferably a Yorkshire tea bag )
Sweetener , such as sugar or honey , to taste
Milk or lemon to taste
By the pot Yield : 4 cups
32 fl oz ( 1 L ) of hot water
3 –5 measures of loose tea , in an infuser if you like
Serve with :
Milk or lemon to taste
Sweetener , such as sugar or honey , to taste
Procedure [ edit ]
A nice cup of tea , milk and no sugar
Preparing and serving the tea
Pour freshly drawn water ( see note below ) into a tea kettle .
Electric kettles are fast and convenient .
If infusing a pot of tea , pour some hot tap water into your teapot and let stand for about several seconds to a minute to pre-warm it .
Alternately , you can swish some of the hotter boiling water from your kettle around in the teapot for a few seconds .
Pour out this water before adding the tea to the teapot .
If using loose tea , prepare the tea Commonly one - half to one tea measure ( or rounded teaspoon if you do not have a tea measure ) is added per desired cup of tea .
Some people add an extra measure " for the pot " ( e.g. , if 4 cups of tea are desired , 5 measures of tea would be used .
It really is a matter of personal preference . )
If you are using an infuser , be sure it is closed tightly so the tea does not spill into the pot .
Rinse the tea - filled infuser briefly under cool tap water to wash away tiny flakes that would otherwise drift into the teapot .
If using a filter basket infuser , do not overfill the basket ( refer to the instructions that came with your basket ) .
The brief rinse is usually not necessary unless the basket 's mesh is quite porous .
Simply dropping loose tea into the teapot is also an option , though you may want to strain the tea as you pour it into the cups .
Place the tea or tea bag into the teapot .
When the water reaches the preferred temperature ( see note below ) , pour it from the tea kettle into the teapot or single - serving teacup .
As you pour , try to avoid pouring directly onto the tea ( especially important for green and white teas ) to avoid scalding the leaves .
Allow the tea to infuse quietly ( i.e. , do not stir the teapot or " dunk the teabag " ) .
Agitating the tea releases more of the bitter compounds and degrades the taste .
Watch the time to avoid over - infusion ( see note below ) , and remove the infuser or tea bag when the time is up .
If you did not use an infuser or tea bag , pour the tea into cups for immediate consumption .
Remember that the tannins in tea stain , so it is advisable to pour the tea over a non-staining surface , wipe up any spills quickly , and do not leave tea standing in a teapot for long periods of time .
Adding sweeteners and lemon or milk
Tea bags are convenient , but tea purists often despise them
Generally , green and white teas need no sweetener or milk added to them for a delicious taste if prepared properly .
Some research indicates that adding lemon to green tea may make some of the healthful compounds in the tea more easily available to the body , and it provides a different , fresh taste to the tea .
Lemon lightens the color of tea and may accentuate any bitterness in the tea
Lemon pairs well with citrus - flavored teas , such as the bergamot - enhanced " Grey " teas ( e.g. , Earl Grey , Lady Grey , etc. ) , and unflavored black teas .
Milk pairs well with sweet , flowery , or " fruity " teas , or with any black tea in which you wish to reduce bitterness .
Never combine milk and lemon in the same cup of tea or the milk will curdle into lumps .
Always add sweeteners to tea before adding any milk ; otherwise , the milk will cool the tea , and the sweetener will not dissolve properly .
For better dissolving , it is preferable to add several small amounts of sweetener to the tea , stirring each time , rather than adding a large amount of sweetener at once .
Chai teas by definition require the addition of milk , ranging from one - fourth to one - half of the total volume , and a sweetener .
The milk may be warmed if serving hot chai .
Otherwise , cold milk and ice cubes make a lovely iced chai .
Water , temperature , infusion time , and product variations [ edit ]
Camellia Sinensis ) growing in a tea plantation Tea plant ( ) growing in a tea plantation
For the freshest tasting cup of tea , you should always use mineral water or freshly drawn water direct from the tap that has been running for a while .
Standing water loses oxygen , and the resulting tea tastes flat .
If your tap water is chlorinated , a compromise can be reached by drawing fresh water and letting it stand uncovered for a couple of hours to allow the chlorine taste to leave the water ; although , using mineral water is a quick and easy solution .
Boiling the water for long periods also removes oxygen from the water , so always use fresh water ( do not re-boil it ) , and use the water quickly after it comes to a boil .
White tea and Yellow tea are the most delicate of all teas and require a water temperature of 60 - 65 °C need an infusion time of 2 minutes .
Using too high a tea or steeping for too long has a tendency to mask some of the delicate nuances of the tea and leave it a bit bitter .
Green tea requires water that is ( 65 - 75 °C ) .
You may either pour the hot water from the tea kettle into the teapot prior to the boil , or allow the water to come to a full boil ( the better choice if water quality is questionable ) and then allow the water to cool again prior to pouring over the tea leaves .
Green teas usually infuse anywhere from :30 seconds to 2 minutes .
Bitterness in the tea is usually the result of overheating the water , infusing the tea for too long , or both .
Oolong teas are 20 - 80 % oxidized , thus their preparation method usually falls somewhere in between green and black teas .
The water should just be below a boil , 75 - 80 °C ) , and the infusion time is typically 2 - 3 minutes .
Black tea ( aka .
Red tea , having been oxidized and more stable , infuses best with water that is 80 - 90°C .
Infusion times are generally longer , with 3 - 5 minutes being a typical time .
Chai and other teas combined with fragrant herbs and spices may require additional infusion time to allow the full flavor to develop .
Common Black Teas are Darjeeling tea and Assam tea from Northern India .
Puerh Tea is the only type of tea that is truly fermented as the oxidation process is never halted during processing .
These teas are often retained in storage for a minimum of 20 years before going to market .
Their complex flavors robust constitution require full boiling water .
Many premium grade teas can handle multiple infusions utilizing the same tea leaf .
In fact , many tea subtly change flavor in subsequent infusions revealing flavors masked by stronger overtones of the tea .
White and Green tea often tolerate 3 - 4 infusions , Yellow tea and Oolong tea tolerate 5 - 8 infusions , Black ( Red ) tea tolerates 3 - 5 infusions , and a good Puerh can sometimes last a dozen infusions or more .
A good ' rule - of - thumb ' to follow is to add 30 seconds to the first infusion time for each subsequent infusion .
Rooibos ( Aspalathus linearis , often referred to as red tea but is different from a true red tea ) and honeybush ( Cyclopia spp. ) are not true teas ( i.e. , they are not made from the Camellia sinensis plant ) , but are derived from African plants and are infused in a manner similar to tea .
These are herbal ' teas ' often referred to as tisanes .
Read the instructions that came with the product .
If no instructions came with it , infuse as you would black tea , and experiment with infusion times and water temperatures in future attempts until you find the flavor that most appeals to you .
Yerba maté ( Ilex paraguariensis ) is a South American holly plant .
Maté is a tea - like infusion that can be prepared in the same manner as green tea .
However , there are many other methods that produce a very different ( and some would say better ) flavor .
Detailed maté preparation is beyond the scope of this recipe .
A traditional view [ edit ]
Loose tea leaves traditionally offer the best flavor
Here 's a traditionalist view on how to make it , which shares much with George Orwell 's essay , " A Nice Cup of Tea " .
Use freshly drawn water and bring it to a boil in a kettle .
Meanwhile , prepare your teapot .
A stainless steel pot may be used , but earthenware is preferred .
The pot should be warmed : add some hot water and let the warmth pervade the pot .
Drain off the hot water , then add the tea .
Remember to take the pot to the water , never the water to the pot .
Whatever tea you use ( and for proper emotional rescue you should use a strong Indian or Kenyan - based blend ) , do not use teabags .
You need to let the tea leaves swim free and with teabags there will inevitably be a papery tinge to the taste .
This rule is , however , widely broken .
Measure tea according to the size of the teapot and the strength of tea you prefer .
In a large teapot ( serving four cups ) , two teaspoons will give a fairly weak tea , perhaps enough to console one for a lost umbrella on a rainy day , and four should be strong enough for being stood up on a Friday night .
A broken heart may need six .
Add the water as soon as it boils , and leave it to stand for five minutes ( and no longer ) before serving .
Use a mug if you must , but a cup with a saucer is far more civilised .
Traditionally you should add full - cream milk , but semi- skimmed will do .
If you are familiar with the strength of tea you make and the size of the cups , you can follow the ' milk in first ' technique .
Otherwise , add milk to the tea , to ensure you get the right colour .
Add sugar according to taste and the extent of the emotional crisis you are trying to overcome .
Serve with a biscuit or two , and prepare to feel much better .
The shipping industry is n’t known for its environmental friendliness–it has been deemed “ far more damaging than flying ” by the International Maritime Organization–but Japan ’s Nippon Yusek KK ( NYK ) wants to change that with the optimistically - named Super Eco Ship 2030 .
The ship , designed by MTI , Garroni Progetti , and Elomatic Marine , supposedly emits 69 % less CO2 than existing container ships .
NYK ’s fuel cell - powered ship uses liquified natural gas as a source of hydrogen and contains solar and wind power systems in case of emergency .
Natural gas is n’t exactly the most sustainable hydrogen source since only limited quantities are available , but it ’s undoubtedly better than the diesel engines normally used on container ships .
The Super Eco Ship 2030 will theoretically be available by 2030 , as you might expect .
[ Via Crunchgear ]
Serious Sam has always seemed to be the spiritual successor to another blond first - person shooter hero who has been in the news lately , and the Serious Sam games have always done a solid job of delivering a massive number of enemies on screen for you to take out your frustrations on .
I have many happy memories of putting some KMFDM on the playlist and mowing down screens filled with headless screaming men with bombs .
Co-op play was likewise nothing to sneeze at .
That 's why news of Serious Sam 3 makes me very , very happy .
" Since the Serious Sam 2 was released in end of 2005 , we have been working hard on a number of things , one of which is new next - gen ' Serious Engine 3 ' technology .
More on this will come in future updates , " Croteam CEO Roman Ribaric wrote on the official site .
" We have also recently started the development on two games , one of which is the next Serious Sam FPS game .
Here , we are pretty close in signing the publishing deal , so when that happens , you 'll hear it here as well . "
A third , military - themed project was put on hold , and will no longer be published by GameCock .
The world needs a little Serious Sam right now , and while there is little other information and no firm release date , we 're just happy to know it 's coming .
Judging by how many people sent me this link in fits of giggles and squeals of joy , you 're just as excited as I am .
Thousands of Tamil protesters have left Toronto's Gardiner Expressway , after surging onto the highway to call attention to the escalating civilian death toll in Sri Lanka .
Around midnight , protesters began making their way down an on -ramp as police monitored the situation .
Some told ctvtoronto.ca they planned to take their demonstration to Queen 's Park .
Reporters and witnesses at the scene said the demonstration was largely peaceful .
However , police arrested at least one person and video taken from a nearby highrise showed a bicycle being thrown at officers .
Activists demanded to speak to a representative of Prime Minister Stephen Harper about the civil war in Sri Lanka , but police said that would not be possible .
Reports say the protesters agreed to leave the area because the Liberal party said it would address their concerns in Parliament .
Police Chief Bill Blair told reporters late Sunday it was an " unlawful and unsafe " protest , and the RCMP and the OPP were assisting .
He said protesters gave no indication they were planning to take to the Gardiner .
Blair also said he was extremely concerned about the presence of children at the protest and said the elevated highway itself was very dangerous for people on foot .
" I 'm very concerned about the safety of children , I think it 's an extremely dangerous situation to put children on the front line of a protest in that way , I think it puts them at tremendous risk , " he said .
Ghormy
Theva , a protester on the Gardiner , told CTV Newsnet Sunday evening that demonstrations would continue until " definite " action was taken by the Canadian government .
At one point , more than 100 Toronto police were on the scene and had set up a perimeter on the highway .
Vehicular traffic was severely backlogged on the Gardiner , a major thoroughfare in the city .
Officers on the scene were reportedly armed with tear gas , and police described the protesters as " uncooperative . "
The national spokesperson for the Canadian Tamil Congress .
David Poopalapillai , told CTV Newsnet Sunday that " desperate times call for desperate action . "
But he said he was taken " off - guard " by Sunday 's protest and said recognized the inconvenience it caused to motorists .
A second protest shut down the University Ave. and College St. intersection .
The protesters rallied after international news agencies reported nearly 400 civilians were killed during an overnight artillery bombardment .
The Sri Lankan military is denying launching the assault that killed 378 civilians and wounded about 1,100 .
Thousands are fleeing Sri Lanka 's war zone as tensions between the military and Tamil Tiger rebels escalate .
Reports are hard to confirm because of a ban on journalists and aid workers in the war zone .
Late Sunday , protesters disputed the death toll from the artillery bombardment , saying it was in the thousands .
The demonstrators protested in Toronto yesterday afternoon as well , marching through the city and ending up on the lawns of Queen 's Park .
On Sunday , about 2,000 Toronto Tamils crowded several streets , making their way in front of the U.S. Consulate on University Avenue .
By Monica Mercer
mmercer@timesfreepress.com
A former city employee being prosecuted in state court for allegedly lying about having breast cancer and subsequently bilking the city out of more than $ 90,000 in gifts and cash intends to plead guilty in federal court to one count of wire fraud .
Keele Maynor 's federal defense attorney filed a notice of intent to plead guilty .
The move could mean that she is close to also striking a deal with state prosecutors with regard to the nine counts of theft and fraud she faces in the state 's jurisdiction .
Ms. Maynor resigned her position as an administrative assistant with the city in December , citing the " charade " she had carried on for about five years in which she told colleagues she had breast cancer .
As a result , those colleagues donated more than 1,550 paid vacation hours to Ms. Maynor for which Ms. Maynor was paid to supposedly take time off and deal with her faked disease .
Local cancer organizations also donated money to Ms. Maynor .
The city auditor estimated that the benefits Ms. Maynor received as the result of her breast cancer scam netted her at least $ 90,000 in gifts , cash and donations .
Federal authorities last week charged Ms. Maynor with one count of wire fraud .
Ms. Maynor waived her right to have the evidence presented to a grand jury , a move that usually indicates a defendant 's intent to plead guilty .
The federal crime of wire fraud can lead to up to 30 years in prison .
See tomorrow 's Times Free Press for complete details .
Below the fold , I examine similarities and differences in oil consumption patterns of OECD and Non-OECD countries and offer my view as to what the future may hold .
Based on this comparison , it seems to me that OECD consumption is far more affected by oil price changes than the consumption of other countries .
Based on data shown in this post , it seems to me that OECD economies can only absorb a price increase of US $ 10 per barrel in a year , without experiencing slowdowns in their economies and a reduction in oil consumption .
Non-OECD economies ( including BRIC countries ) are more resilient , and are more likely to continue to show growing consumption .
The above diagram shows that the pattern of growth in oil consumption has varied greatly for different groupings of countries .
Oil consumption in China and India has continued to grow , whether or not oil prices rose greatly .
Oil consumption also continued to grow in the " Others " category , which includes many of the oil producing nations .
Oil consumption in the Former Soviet Union also followed a pattern somewhat independent of world oil prices .
It was only the OECD whose consumption changed significantly as world oil prices changed .
Recessions tend to follow increases in oil prices - for example price spikes lead to recessions in 1973 / 1974 , 1979/1980 , and 1990 / 1991 , as indicated on this graph by Jeff Rubin when he was Chief Economist at CIBC World Markets .
Even if this economic downturn is somewhat different from previous ones , it seems like strong growth in oil prices in 2008 is instrumental in slowing down OECD economies .
In the early 1980s , some substitution took place , mainly replacing oil consumption with nuclear and natural gas consumption .
This time there is no meaningful scalable substitute for oil , putting the OECD countries in a much worse position than they were when oil prices spiked earlier .
It looks increasingly like the OECD economies are falling victim to what I have started to refer to as the “ Oil Price Trap ” .
The oil price ( at today ’s US $ 50 / Bbl ) is presently too high to add valuable pulling strength to slow down the economic downturn and bring the OECD economies back into growth .
At the same time , the present oil price is too low to stimulate sufficient investment in future capacity growth to bring about much needed renewed economic growth .
The global oil supply ( all liquids ) has for all practical purposes been on a plateau during the last four years .
It took almost a quadrupling of the price to increase total oil supply by approximately 1 Mb/d .
The diagram illustrates that as oil prices moved above US $ 60 / Bbl , it affected growth in consumption .
The diagram also illustrates that as oil prices continued to rise above US $ 75 / Bbl , consumption started to decline .
This decline accelerated with growing prices and the emerging economic slow down in 2007 / 2008 .
When oil prices remained at US $ 30 / Bbl or below , oil consumption continued to grow at a stable rate .
For OECD , historical data suggests that growth in oil consumption could be maintained while oil prices increased by about US $ 10 / Bbl per year , and the economies continued to grow .
It is also worth noting that the growth in OECD consumption ended early in 2006 .
This is before Nouriel Roubini stood before an audience of economists at the International Monetary Fund and announced that a crisis was brewing , and before the acronyms CDS , CDO , SIV , Alt - A etc. became mainstream .
Between early 2006 and November 2008 , OECD oil consumption declined by 2,5 Mb/d or approximately 5 % , and the decline continues .
The diagram also illustrates that at higher prices , oil becomes increasingly unaffordable for OECD customers .
Because of this , price rationing sets in as prices breach a certain level .
Oil prices are presently around US $ 50 / Bbl while the OECD economies are projected ( on average ) to contract 5 % in 2009 .
If economies are contracting , this suggests that these economies now have a weakened ability to support higher oil / energy prices .
Inasmuch as the OECD economies consist of several regions with differences in taxation of petroleum products , one might expect that a higher taxation level on petroleum products would introduce some moderation in the decline of petroleum consumption when crude oil prices grow .
The data suggests that for OECD Europe , which has higher petroleum taxes than the US , consumption grew until oil prices reached US $ 60 / Bbl and decline in consumption set in during winter 2007 as oil prices continued even higher .
DOES THE EXCHANGE RATE BETWEEN EURO AND US Dollar MATTER ?
For the period shown , there is little indication that swings in the exchange rate have played a significant role in OECD Europe ’s oil consumption .
Variations in the exchange rate seem only to introduce ripples on the surface .
The diagram shows a similar pattern as for all OECD and OECD Europe .
US total petroleum consumption reached a high ( or peaked ) about the same in time as housing prices peaked as illustrated here .
The continued decline in consumption after the crude oil price collapse seems to be mainly driven by growing unemployment and the recession .
The diagram illustrates that gasoline consumption reached a high in the second half of 2007 .
( This also happened for diesel , while kerosene reached a high earlier . )
An average gasoline price of US $ 2,60 / gallon slowed consumption , and as the price moved higher the decline in consumption accelerated .
This again illustrates that there is a threshold above which gasoline becomes unaffordable for some people , and these people start to make adjustments .
The diagram also illustrates that as prices retreated to around US $ 2,00 / gallon , the decline in consumption came to a halt .
The figure above shows that the 1973/1974 oil price shock resulted in a relatively small reduction in OECD oil consumption and a recession .
The 1979/1980 oil price shock with the doubling of the oil price led to a longer recession , but also a deeper decline in OECD ’s oil consumption .
At this time , alternate fuels , including natural gas and nuclear were brought on line , reducing OECD 's need for oil , particularly for electrical consumption .
As oil prices again started their growth in 2004 it started to affect OECD oil consumption and the diagram illustrates that OECD consumption started to decline while prices continued to grow .
Based on Figure 07 , oil consumption for China and India was little affected by the oil price shock of 1979 / 1980 .
The recent ( starting 2004 ) run up in crude oil prices seems to have had only a small impact on the growth in oil consumption of these countries .
FSU seems also to have been little affected by the run up in oil prices .
The exception here is the dissolution of the Soviet Union , which resulted in a major decline in consumption .
The " Others " category includes all the OPEC countries , plus some other countries that have historically had low oil use .
This group seems to have had a continuous growth in oil consumption independent of price fluctuations in all the years reflected in the above diagram .
Why is it the OECD economies seems to have a weaker resilience towards big increases in oil ( or energy ) prices than other countries ?
The figure illustrates that by the 1973/1974 oil price shock , OECD oil production was in a temporary decline .
By the 1979/1980 oil price shock , OECD oil production had begun to grow because of additional production from fields in Alaska , Mexico and the North Sea .
The availability of more oil within OECD may have contributed to the oil price decline ( collapse ) , and cut the need for imports , thus helping the OECD economies .
As oil prices remained in the US$ 30 / Bbl ( 2007 ) range , OECD imports started to grow .
The recent run up in oil prices that started in 2004 coincided with a sharp decline in OECD production and a corresponding need to increase imports .
This closer look on OECD oil production , which now is in terminal decline , and OECD net oil imports suggests this is not solely about the oil price .
The effects seem to be compounded by the volume of OECD net oil imports .
Figure 01 above shows that total world oil supplies grew a little in 2008 and in figure 02 that OECD consumption had ( as of November 2008 ) declined by around 2,5 Mb/d since the average oil price reached around US $ 60 / Bbl .
The data thus suggests that some countries were able to afford the recent higher oil prices better than OECD .
This seems to run contrary to expectation , since the OECD countries represent the richest countries in the world .
That oil consumption grows in some of the oil exporting countries is no surprise , but it does not explain all the growth .
The figure illustrates that there has been a stock build within OECD through 2008 .
In other words , this shows that total OECD supplies have been higher than total OECD consumption .
Using data for 2007 as a base line , it should now be possible to identify changes in oil consumption ( or supplies ) for Non OECD countries through 2008 .
Despite the high oil prices through 2008 , Non OECD countries continued to increase their consumption / supplies as they have done as OECD consumption started to decline in 2005 .
Could this suggest that an economic decoupling between OECD and Non OECD countries is now gaining strength ?
It is currently estimated that OPEC has shut in a capacity of 3 - 4 Mb/d .
For the next 3 - 4 years many estimates show that new capacity brought on line will at most offset the decline from producing fields .
If an economic decoupling now is gaining strength , could it be that the Non OECD countries will eat into most or all the existing spare capacities in the next few years ?
In 2007 , each person in the US used 11,5 times as much oil as the average Chinese .
GDP for each person in the US at PPP ( Purchasing Power Parity ) was in 2007 , 8,7 times higher than for the average Chinese .
As of 2007 the average Indian had a purchasing power only half of the Chinese , but as this article on the Tata ’s Nano and ” India Defies Slump , Powered by Growth in Poor Rural States ( From Wall Street Journal ) suggests the global bidding war for oil is about to see a growing number of bidders .
One way to look at the data above is that if 9 Chinese ( or 18 Indians ) pooled together to bid on oil against one person from the US ( or a person from any G - 7 countries ) , the 9 Chinese would combined have more purchasing power .
The outcome from a bidding war is that one wins , while the other ends up empty handed .
This comparison illustrates the challenges which now face the OECD countries and increasingly may face in the future .
Because of the challenges in winning this bidding war , OECD consumption looks likely to have peaked , whether or not world production has peaked .
Windows users have received a patch meant to fix a potentially serious security loophole in PowerPoint .
However , Microsoft has earned criticism for not simultaneously issuing a patch for the Mac edition .
Microsoft has been aware of the problem for weeks .
The issue could let hackers trick users into opening an infected PowerPoint file , and would then be able to take control of a system .
Microsoft figured out a solution for Windows , but has n't yet done so for the Mac edition .
This left the firm in an unenviable dilemma about whether to wait until it had a Mac patch ready or issue the Windows patch as soon as it was successfully tested .
Patch Tuesday Solution
The company decided to publish the Windows update at the earliest opportunity , which was Tuesday this week .
Its explanation was that " given this situation of a package available for an entire product line that protects the vast majority of customers at risk within the predictable release cycle , we made a decision to go early with the Windows packages . "
( Source : technet.com )
That 's not gone over well with the Mac community , with critics saying that issuing the Windows patch alerted hackers to the fact that the problem exists , leaving Mac users particularly vulnerable to attacks .
Mac Attack Purely Theoretical
Microsoft claims all known attacks so far have been on Windows machines and at the moment the Mac vulnerability is purely theoretical .
It also says that , contrary to some statements , the Windows update does not contain details which would help hackers do a better job of exploiting the problem on Macs .
Double Standards Claim
Security researchers are accusing Microsoft of hypocrisy .
They say the firm regularly demands that anyone who discovers a security problem with Microsoft products keep it secret until a patch has been developed , a policy known as ' responsible disclosure ' -- and a policy Microsoft appears to be breaching with the news of the PowerPoint Mac flaw .
( Source : computerworld.com )
Anyone using PowerPoint on Windows should make sure to apply the update immediately if they do n't already use the Automatic Updates feature in Windows .
Until there 's a Mac patch , users on that system should take extra care not to open any PowerPoint files that they have received unexpectedly unless they 've contacted the sender and confirmed they are legitimate .
Videos
Music for videos by Kevin MacLeod www.incompetech.com
Trouble viewing the video ?
Try it on YouTube .
On the Rough & Through the Grass - Aug 2010 to Jan 2011 from Chariot Skates on Vimeo .
This video includes doing some crossover - turns ; skating uphill ; on rough ground and skiing down grass slopes .
As you will see Michael has not had a lot of practice at some of these things and someone younger with more experience or practice would do a lot better .
Production Models June 2010 from Chariot Skates on Vimeo .
Michael and Bell trying out test samples of the production models in Cannes , France and various parts of Australia .
We have now finalised the design of the carbon parts and are just working on a few final refinements of some of the smaller parts , so now we have a very small pilot run under way .
Testing the first samples that came out of our new moulds .
Since then , there have been modifications to some of the moulds and adjustments in the layups of all the carbon fibre parts , so things are improving all the time .
The video was taken in June while we were in Sydney for the shooting for the New Inventors .
Footage taken in China is from various locations , mostly around Shanghai .
People often ask :
How do you stop ?
This video shows a couple of techniques that can be used but you can read more stopping & braking info
This video is of an earlier prototype , and significant design improvements have been made since .
The pair that Bell is using in this video had a few problems at the time that this video was taken that are hindering her ability .
Although improvements have been made since then with newer design and moulds they are still in the development phase .
This video is of trails of an earlier prototype that was taken in 2008 in China , Australia and Singapore .
This prototype was a significant improvement on earlier prototypes but not as good as the current production model we are currently testing .
NEW YORK , May 30 ( UPI ) -- Hugging among U.S. teenagers has become so prevalent some schools say they 've banned the embrace or imposed limits on how long they last .
" Touching and physical contact is very dangerous territory , " said Noreen Hajinlian , principal of George G. White School , a junior high school in Hillsdale , N.J. , which banned hugging .
" It was n't a greeting .
It was happening all day . "
Advertisement
Hajinlian 's school is among those from New Jersey to Bend , Ore. , that have clamped down on hugging , The New York Times reported Saturday .
Ritual hugging has become so popular that students feel pressured to partake , said Gabrielle Brown , a freshman at Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School in New York .
" If somebody were to not hug someone , to never hug anybody , people might be just a little wary of them and think they are weird or peculiar , " Brown said .
The phenomenon reflects how physical boundaries have changed , said Amy Best , a sociologist at George Mason University .
" We display bodies more readily , there are fewer rules governing body touch and a lot more permissible access to other people 's bodies , " Best said .
Note :
This turned out to be way longer than I initially planned .
There 's an outline at the bottom of the page if you 'd prefer a condensed version .
Published : June 22 , 2009
Introduction
This article attempts to relay my experiences and lessons learned in the making of PodTrapper , my first mobile application for BlackBerry .
It will cover development , pricing , marketing and sales in addition to other items I thought were relevant .
It all started in November of last year .
I 'm an avid podcast listener during my commutes , and at the time the only viable way to listen was to tote around my iPod .
But I still needed my BlackBerry for work , so I was stuck with two devices .
I had been toying with the idea of writing a podcast player for BlackBerry and with the announcement of the App World it was now or never .
I 'm hoping that the success of the iPhone App Store will enable other platforms to follow suit .
Afterall , BlackBerry currently has more users and is shipping twice as many phones , albeit to users that may not know apps are available for their phone ... yet .
Plus the whole project sounded like a lot of fun .
I 've read all the stories about iPhone developers making fortunes selling apps , how that may not really be the case , or even that people do n't even use the apps they download .
I assumed that the truth was somewhere in the middle , but at the very least I would n't have to carry two devices anymore .
So I bought myself a set of signing keys ( $ 20 ) and went out to RIM 's developer site to grab their SDK .
That 's when I ran into my first problem .
The BlackBerry Platform
All BlackBerry phones are java based , and there are two SDK options for developing software on them : MIDP / CLDC and BlackBerry specific APIs .
The generic MIDP / CLDC route would work on any java based phone ( or at least could be debugged on any java phone ) .
Or you can opt to use RIM specific APIs that give you more BlackBerry specific functionality .
Initially I leaned towards CLDC to maintain portability , but I eventually decided I 'd rather take full advantage of the platform .
I could always port it later if it came to that ( if there is a later ) .
Great , now I just needed the RIM SDK .
Turns out there are about 5 different versions , and the more features you get the fewer devices you can support .
RIM has been around for a long time , and unfortunately ( and unlike the iPhone ) not all operating system revisions are available for all devices .
The basic choices when I started PodTrapper were 4.2 , 4.2.1 , 4.3 , 4.5 , and the newly released 4.7 .
While you get more features with the later OS versions , I decided to shoot for 4.2.1 since it was the oldest version that allowed me to access WiFi networks , a major feature I needed .
There were revisions prior to 4.2 , but they lack even more required features like access to a media card .
To give you an idea how many users you 'll lose based on your target OS , here 's data from PodTrapper 's users :
PodTrapper Users ' OS Versions Over Time
Similarly , here 's the device breakdown :
PodTrapper Users ' Devices Over Time
I have a suspicion that the vast majority of BlackBerry users out there are actually running 4.2.1 , the OS that shipped with the original Curve and Pearl .
Because PodTrapper users are likely heavily biased toward the tech savvy side , my users are more likely to have upgraded their OS than an average user .
I 'd be interested to see what the numbers look like globally .
Development
Look and Feel
I envy the iPhone developers out there .
From what I understand the iPhone SDK provides all sorts of pretty widgets that come pre-made to fit in with the platform .
Right out of the box you get a clean UI that looks ' modern ' .
To put PodTrapper 2.0 in the same league a significant portion of the code is dedicated to drawing lines , bezier curves , bitmaps and shading rectangles in just the right way .
The built - in widgets like Screen , ListBox and TextField look a bit like this :
Version 1.0 Main Screen
Version 1.0 Playback
It 's a very no -nonsense , get the job done set of UI elements .
Anything you want on top of that you 'll be building yourself in Java using very basic primitives .
Another contrast with the iPhone is that on BlackBerry you have to accomodate multiple screen resolutions .
This means you end up either shipping with a lot of redundant artwork or you need to resize your images on the fly .
The built in image scaler is designed for speed and memory , but the tradeoff is quality .
An image scaler for the thumbnails is one more thing I had to build to keep the install size down .
Each image increases an apps install size , which on most devices is a very precious commodity .
Versions 1.0 - 1.9 relied on the built - in widgets , and I had originally planned to keep it that way .
The reasons for this were A ) I wanted to focus on features more than polish , B ) It 's a lot of work to make it look any particular way and C ) I suck at making things look good anyway .
I realized , though , after getting my first reviews , that I could n't get away with neglecting appearances if I wanted to attract users .
Many dismiss applications based on appearance without even getting to the functionality .
I was hoping to avoid this for my ' hobby ' project , but I saw the growth potential if I paid attention to the gloss .
It seems no amount of behind - the - scenes wizardry can compete with " Ooooh !
Shiny ! " < sigh > .
Since I knew I was n't going to stop sucking at graphic design any time soon I started looking for options that did n't involve me picking colors .
I was n't comfortable copying some other application 's design work , so I needed to look at outsourcing .
I started my investigation on Google , my forums , and Craigslist .
In the end I never found a fit .
This was , in large part , because my budget was limited .
Being a hobby project I did n't want to invest thousands of dollars and watch it flop .
In the end RIM solved my problem for me when they released the App World .
Any BB users reading this should recognize that my current look and feel is almost identical to the App World .
I figured copying RIM was n't really ripping them off , more like emulating the look and feel of a host OS .
To actually make it happen took a LOT of work .
Version 2.0 Main Screen
Version 2.0 Playback
This is a minor beef I have with RIM's SDK .
RIM has all sorts of UI widgets they use in their first party applications -- rounded corners , sliding screen transitions , gradient list fields , etc. -- but they do n't release any of that for use by third party developers .
The results are apps with wildly inconsistent UIs , created by developers who had to spend considerable effort making them inconsistent .
It 's the Network
One great aspect of the BlackBerry platform is the availability of the network communication across carriers .
Unfortunately it 's implemented as a bunch of totally isolated transports that vary by data plan instead of carrier .
There are 10 different network transports available on BlackBerry : WiFi , Direct TCP , WAP , WAP2 , BES / MDS , BIS , Unite , BES Serial Bypass , USB and Bluetooth .
A lot of options for getting data in and out .
What would be nice is to say :
Me : Give me an HTTP connection using least - cost routing .
BB : Here you go
Me : I need an HTTP connection , is Wifi available ?
BB : No .
Me : Is BES available ?
BB : No .
Me : Is BIS available ?
BB : Yes .
BB : Ooops , that file is over the size limit for BIS .
Me : Is TCP available ?
BB : Yes .
BB : Ooops , TCP looks available but it was blocked by the carrier 's firewall .....
What you get is :
Now , granted , there are a lot more ways to talk to the network on a BlackBerry than other platforms .
And they 're pretty flexible with what they let you do ( for example , there are serveral different methods for tethering , some of which will operate regardless of carrier or desktop OS ) .
But , there 's a huge learning curve to get it right .
Especially since a lot of that learning can only happen when your app is in the field .
That 's when you find out that Vodafone is running all HTTP responses through a proxy that changes the output .
You can't really test that in a simulator .
Because my app is heavily network centric it makes sense that I 'd have to figure out the nuances , but it can't be fun for simpler apps just trying to submit a tweet .
Background Apps / Memory
A fundamental part of PodTrapper is its ability to refresh your podcasts on the schedule you set .
This way they 're always available when you want them , much like iTunes would do on your PC if you left it open ( except without the syncing ) .
That means PodTrapper needs to be running * all the time * on your phone .
Fortunately this is fully supported on BlackBerry .
Unfortunately this brings with it all of the aspects you need to deal with when writing long running apps -- memory leaks ( yes , even with java ) , resource limitations , thread based events , etc .
For example , some of the earlier versions of PodTrapper ( ok , maybe not so ' earlier ' ) would parse feed xml and store data from the xml inside an episode object with String.substring ( ) .
I completely forgot that the JVM implements substring as a pointer to the location in the original string .
So , if I had a 100k RSS feed , and I pulled out a 100 byte string with substring and stored it , the 100k RSS feed could never be freed .
( This is n't exactly what happened , but it 's close enough and much simpler to explain ) .
Making matters worse is the limited memory available on early BlackBerry devices .
My curve has 32 MB of RAM and 64MB of flash .
The flash can be used for paging if it 's available , but on my device only about 20 MB of it is , and that fills up fast installing applications ( PodTrapper alone is 350k ) .
Realizing that the OS and other apps also have to fit in RAM , leaking a 100 kb string becomes a huge problem .
There are lots of forum posts by people trying to figure out why their phone keeps running out of memory and needs to be rebooted .
It 's a large enough problem that there are apps for automatically restarting your phone .
I can definitely see why Apple has been hesitant to open up background processing on the iPhone .
It 's really easy for bad developers to make the whole platform look bad .
Pricing the App
Competing apps were , at the time of initial development , selling for anywhere from $ 20 - $ 30 ( they 've since dropped ) .
That seemed high to me for the features they provided and the platform they were on ( $ 30 mobile apps ! ? ) .
To top it off there were no trial versions available , so basically you were gambling to see if it even worked on your phone .
PodTrapper needed to have a much lower price , and it had to have a free trial .
I decided $ 10 seemed like a mental barrier , so $ 9.99 was going to be what I charged for it .
This was pulled directly out of thin air , though , I had no objective data on ' what the market would bear ' to back it up .
I did know that I preferred people see my app as an incredible value instead of overpriced .
After the first few releases the feature set grew considerably and I contemplated raising the price .
In hindsight this should have been done as a result of sales , or market testing , or anything more concrete than " it feels more valuable . "
The one piece of data I did have was that the same reviewers who invariable critiqued the early appearance also almost universally mentioned that I was charging too little for the app .
So , I strongly considered raising it to $ 12.99 .
I even went so far as to post about it in my forums warning of the upcoming price hike .
Before actually doing so , however , I wanted to get feedback from my existing users .
I was blown away by some of the incredibly insightful comments I received , and not a single " This app is a piece of crap , it should be free " post ( always a plus ) .
This is when I started discovering how cool it is to have and correspond with a user community .
My users have been the best part of this whole experiment , so much so that I have a whole section about them later .
In the end I determined I had a good thing going and greed was the only thing driving the increase .
The one idea I did implement was the concept of voting with dollars for new feature prioritization .
That turned out to be a flop .
I only had around 4 users actually do it , but it was a neat experiment .
( I have also had two users pay twice because they thought I was undercharging .
I *really * love my users . )
I also want to eventually offer an ad supported version .
I have n't figured out how to make this happen , though , as I outline in the Third Party section later .
DRM
Ok , I had a product and a price , how do I make sure people pay for it ?
Do I want to make sure people pay it ?
I decided there had to be some mechanism for ensuring they actually paid for it .
The mechanism would be a registration code .
One thing that I knew for sure , though , was that if me or my server ever went away they should still have access to their app .
But , I did n't want a single reg code to be passed around and used by everyone .
So , I decided ( poorly , in hindsight ) that the optimal solution was to tie the reg code to the device serial number ( called a PIN ) .
Yay !
Problem solved .
Except I did n't think it through all the way .
I knew switching devices would be an issue , but I figured that it did n't happen that often , and if a user switches phones every two years , paying for a $ 10 app again is n't a huge deal .
I really need to stop projecting myself on to my users .
People change phones A LOT .
Phones break A LOT .
Was I really planning on making someone pay again 2 weeks after their initial purchase ?
I decided shortly after people starting paying for it that the only sensible solution was to let people switch devices .
This turned into a huge ordeal because of the various channels they could use to purchase it .
I 've since implemented a new key system that uses negative confirmation to my server , but I 'm still working out the logistics for transitioning everyone to it .
DRM is a total pain for all involved .
There are a lot of competing goals here that I have n't quite reconciled yet .
How do you ensure that enough money is coming in to keep development going ?
Why should users have to pay twice for software they purchased soley to switch phones ?
Why should people who bought version 1.0 be penalized for being early adopters and forced to pay more for 2.0 ?
In the end I decided that updates are free and you can switch devices for free .
I just can't stop coming back to the " I paid for this , it 's mine " train of thought .
I could charge for updates , I suppose , but even that seems fishy , especially since I 'm releasing them in small chunks as a way of avoiding massive bug lists upon release .
Definitely something I 'll think a LOT harder about with my next app if I have one .
For now , though , I 'm happy with the current results .
Selling the App ( Retailers )
Ok , I had an app , I had pricing , I had [ horrible ] DRM , how would I find users and sell to them ?
For 1.0 I was focused mostly on getting it out the door and the only retailer I 'd heard of that sold BlackBerry apps was Handango .
Of course I 'd eventually want to sell through the App World , but it was only just announced and nowhere near fruition .
I did some googling and saw MobiHand but decided it must be less popular than Handango since I had n't heard of it .
( Not exactly bullet proof reasoning ) .
So , I went with Handango for my first sales .
Handango
For anyone that does n't know , Handango charges small developers 50 % of sales .
There are thresholds you can reach to get progressively lower rates , but I never crossed any .
On top of that they run promotions and such where they 'll knock 20 % off the price of your app .
All in all I was making right around 40 % of the $ 9.99 I wanted to charge for each sale .
So I was keeping $ 4 , Handango was keeping between $ 4 and $ 6 depending on promotions .
For comparison , the Apple App Store is a 70/30 split with the developer pocketing 70 % of sales .
Support - wise Handango was pretty slow to respond to just about anything .
I had n't been paid by them from Nov through Feb , so I opened a ticket .
It was a full 20 days before I got any sort of response .
Additionally , as you can see by the graphs later , it was by far the worst performing retailer for me .
Poor performance and high prices , hmmm .
You can see in the sales graphs later I eventually stopped selling through Handango altogether .
Direct
I had always planned to sell direct via my web site , but I had assumed that sales there would pale in comparison to a full service app store like Handango .
As a result I delayed getting direct sales working until after Handango .
That turned out to be a mistake , since reviewers would link to my site and I 'd have to link to Handango and get billed % 50 for the privilege .
In hindsight direct sales or MobiHand should have been first , probably MobiHand .
MobiHand
After nailing down the direct sales approach I started looking for other avenues to sell .
I had seen MobiHand before , but I had only skimmed the surface .
When looking for other stores I discovered that a lot of them were actually powered by MobiHand as what they call a ' channel site ' .
Getting in MobiHand would automatically get me in a ton of others ( like the CrackBerry Store ) .
MobiHand also had much more reasonable pricing , an 80/20 split with the developer keeping 80 % of the gross .
They did run promotions and such that would sell it at lower prices , but I do n't know enough to know whether that 's a good thing or not for my product .
Plus Handango did it too , so at least I was n't losing ground .
The gotcha with MobiHand , though , is that sales through their ' channel sites ' like CrackBerry result in an additional 20 % cut going to the channel site , leaving the developer with 60 % .
Still better than Handango .
Plus , it seems a lot of the channel sites also run blogs and they 're always on the lookout for new apps hitting their stores to tell their users about .
It 's a great way to get noticed initially .
BlackBerry App World
The App World has been a bit of a trip .
The App World announcement is what finally convinced me to write my app .
I wanted to get in on the ground floor by having PodTrapper ready for App World 's launch .
I 'm sure the iPhone is still making tons of money for some developers , but with 40,000 apps it seems like it would be hard for new apps to get noticed .
Getting in to BlackBerry now is like having gotten in to iPhone early last year .
I submitted in February , but was n't approved until about 2 weeks after launch .
Close enough .
The fees are great , it 's always an 80/20 split , with no oddities like promotions or hidden costs .
The browser UI is great , I actually based PodTrapper 2.0 on its look and feel .
It 's not without issue , however .
It feels a bit slow and there 's no desktop based browser .
Mobile only is fine for now , but as the number of apps grows this will become problematic if not corrected .
I 've never used its iPhone doppelganger so I can't make a direct comparison .
I did get the feeling they rushed it out to make their April 1st target .
For example the registration mechanism on their test site was n't testing the same inputs and outputs as the production site .
This resulted in a lot of early adopters getting registration errors when they purchased apps and developers having no way of knowing what was wrong .
Another one of their initial issues was related to network access on some phones and carriers -- networking on BlackBerry is so complicated that even RIM did n't get it right on the first try .
I will say their support was excellent via email , usually responding within 24 hours to developer issues .
The approval process takes a couple of weeks at least , but from what I 've heard that 's similar to the Apple store .
Conversely none of the other avenues for selling BlackBerry apps have an approval process worth mentioning , all are welcome .
The App World does cost money to get started though , $ 200 .
This covers 10 submissions and then you need to pay another $ 200 , so it works out to $ 20 per submission with a minimum of 10 submissions per purchase .
I 'm not sure the reasoning there , but it 's their store .
Some have complained about the minimum price you can charge ( $ 2.99 ) , but that 's not a problem for PodTrapper .
It may be worth noting that the submission fee was waived for early submitters and I have n't figured out a way to see how many submissions I have left , so they may not have implemented this yet .
The App World does allow trial software , but there 's no way to signify this in the app browser other than including it in your title .
If I did n't have ' Free Trial ' in my title I 'm not sure how users would know they do n't have to buy to try it ( other than the less than explicit download button inside the app details . )
I 've noticed a lot more apps are starting to follow suit and add the ' Free Trial ' label to their apps .
This gets confusing for users since after they register and unlock the full version the title remains ' PodTrapper - Free Trial ' in their App World ' My World ' list .
This invariably leads to an email saying " I purchased but it still shows trial " that I eventually worked around with a popup after registration .
Initial Sales
I was n't entirely sure what to expect after the first release .
I knew I had to have some way of letting people know about it , but hoped that most sales would come organically .
I had no marketing plan .
I did go so far as to post a few notes about PodTrapper in some forums , but that was it .
I was getting about a sale a day for the first month , which I thought was cool , but I would n't be retiring any time soon .
It was n't until I signed up for the MobiHand store , bringing me to the attention of CrackBerry who wrote a review that I started to see the potential .
First months of sales ( Per day , 5 day prior moving average )
Sadly I do n't have usage data like the number of active trial users for the first few months -- I did n't implement the update check until mid January ( explained later ) .
But you can see from this sales - only graph that I was getting between 6 and 7 sales per day after that initial CrackBerry review .
Note that the sales data is a 5 day prior moving average , the raw data is much too noisy to see trends .
For comparison , my day - job salary is equivalent to about 19 sales per day or roughly 133 per week .
It was after that first CrackBerry review that I decided it may be worth getting serious about tracking and marketing to see what I could achieve with PodTrapper .
The first step was to implement usage tracking .
While it 's theoretically possible to track downloads and such , the practicality of doing so and merging the data from 4 different app sources ( 3 actually , the App World was n't available at the time ) would be difficult to build and maintain .
One of the features on my todo list was to implement a version check inside PodTrapper to notify users of the latest versions , so I saw an opportunity to kill two birds with one stone .
The version check I implemented initially sent back two things : an anonymous id mapped to the install , and whether or not the user had registered .
The data sent back grew over time to include things like BB OS version and such , but nothing that could be tied to a user .
Additionally the update check was configurable in settings .
( Though now it 's mandatory since I use it to provide negative confirmation of transferable registration codes ) .
This simple data opened up all sorts of interesting views .
This one , for example :
What Percent of X Day's Trial Users Eventually Registered
The above graph shows what percentage of trial users using PodTrapper on any given day eventually registered .
It shows that the rate over time is pretty consistent .
Early adopters that probably heard about it because they Googled ' Podcast Player Blackberry ' or similar would be more likely to purchase than someone who just happened upon a review .
That 's also likely why there 's the intial level between 40 and 50 that has fallen over time to a lower value around 30 % .
The localized dips are likely caused by blog posts that drive a lot of people who are n't necessarily interested in it long term , but just want to try it out .
The power of this graph is apparent when combined with this one :
Active Trial Users
With those two pieces of data I can do this nifty calculation :
1400 Trial Users * 30 % Registration / 30 day Trial = 14 sales / day over next 30 days .
New Trial Users
I 'm unsure if this is statistically sound , feel free to let me know if not .
It 's also handy to compare the registration numbers to the number of new trial users on a given day :
So now I had the tools to see what was possible , I set out to market PodTrapper .
I just had to figure out how to do that .
Marketing
I got the wrong degree
Initially I only wanted to go the organic route -- let people find out about my app via word of mouth and let the user base grow naturally .
The fact that PodTrapper was pretty much the only option for podcast listening on BlackBerry meant my Google rank for relevant key words was really good .
I was happy with that and thought it would be sufficient .
Afterall , I 'd much rather spend time adding new features to my product , not harrasing people to buy and talk about it .
But after some reviews and links hit I started to see the impact they can have .
Getting a mention on pretty much anything was enough to double or triple my sales and trial downloads over the next week or so .
If there 's one thing I would point to as a major lesson learned from PodTrapper it's that marketing is everything ( and everything is marketing ) .
I could have created the greatest product unknown to man , but if no one knew about it how could they buy it ?
This is obvious , of course , but what was n't so obvious to me was stark contrast between organic and active marketing .
For example , I released version 2.1 a couple weeks ago .
It was n't a huge upgrade , multi-playlist support was the biggest new feature , and so I thought " no one will blog about this . "
But instead of just assuming that , I fired off a few emails letting people know about it .
Turns out that a few blogs did find it noteworthy and those four emails that took me * maybe * 10 minutes to type up resulted in this spike :
New Trial Users With 2.1 Spike
Had I just released it and let only existing customers discover the update via the internal check it would have been business as usuall , no spike at all .
The moral here is that you can only get back what you put in .
That 's not to say that you 'll always see a return , though .
Another annecdote : prior to the previous example I started actively marketing to people I thought would be interested in PodTrapper and help spread the word .
Take twit , for example .
A huge podcast with thousands of subscribers .
They 'd even dedicated significant time talking about the new over the air podcast downloading ability on the iPhone ( which pales in comparison to the features PodTrapper offers , and there are more users on BlackBerry than iPhone ) .
Of course he'd want to talk about a player being available on a new platform on his show !
I 'm not sure you 'll actually get this since you never read your email ;) but I wanted to let you know I had released a new version of PodTrapper ( a podcatcher for BlackBerry ) .
It now does just about anything you could imagine a mobile podcatcher doing ( OTA downloads , automatic management , etc ) .
If you 'd like to see a press release , I have one here :
http://www.versatilemonkey.com/PodTrapper_the_Blackberry_Podcast_Manager_Gets_a_Facelift.html
At any rate , since you 're a podcaster , and I write a podcatcher ( and one for a device that does n't have any other good options ) I figured I 'd write in and let you know .
Thanks for your time ,
Marcus Watkins
VersatileMonkey.com
Hi Leo ( and friends ? ) , I'm not sure you 'll actually get this since you never read your email ;) but I wanted to let you know I had released a new version of PodTrapper ( a podcatcher for BlackBerry ) .
It now does just about anything you could imagine a mobile podcatcher doing ( OTA downloads , automatic management , etc ) .
If you 'd like to see a press release , I have one here :
At any rate , since you 're a podcaster , and I write a podcatcher ( and one for a device that does n't have any other good options ) I figured I 'd write in and let you know .
Thanks for your time , Marcus WatkinsVersatileMonkey.com
Except it did n't go as I had planned .
At all .
I sent out a bunch of these types of emails , each one written specifically for the person I was sending to .
The responses were few and far between .
I did get a few , but far less than I expected given how specifically I was targetting .
I was only targetting people I thought would benefit themselves in knowing about my app ( podcasters , tech bloggers , etc ) .
Then I stumbled upon Ryan Block 's ( of engadget fame ) message to PR people ( definitely worth a read ) .
I realized these people probably get inundated with tons of crap like my " Hey you may be interested in this cool thing I did " emails .
In the end I discovered that while emailing random people can work ( afterall , I did get a few responses ) , it 's does n't always and it's a lot of effort to do it properly .
I had a spreadsheet that I used to track where and when I sent something so that : 1 . I never sent something to the same person twice and 2 . so I could see any corrolations .
I have n't figured out a better mechanism for spreading the word yet , though .
If you think of anything let me know .
It 's probably worth noting here that I still hate the whole sales angle .
I spent a lot of time making sure each email or correspondance with someone was specific to them and that I thought they'd have an interest in knowing about PodTrapper .
I did look in to ' PR Websites ' where you submit a press release and they mass email millions of people , and while I 'm sure that would get a response ( afterall , someone is providing the ROI on spam ) it was n't something I wanted to do .
Finally , a note about press releases : have one .
While some of the larger sites will write their own copy when talking about your app , the majority will be copy and pasting from something that already exists .
A press release is a great source for them to do that .
Sales Post - App World
The app world was big for me in terms of marketing .
I was accepted into the app world on April 18th , marked here on my trial users graph :
Comparison of New Trial Users Pre/ Post App World
Unfortunately I was accepted the same day 3 or 4 blog posts hit regarding my 2.0 release so the data is n't absolutely clear , but you can definitely see a difference between the pre and post App World averages .
If you take out the spikes I was getting an average of 26 new trial users per day before the App World , and that jumped to 76 after .
There are other factors like new features , additional blog posts , etc that could be contributing to the jump , but none that could account for 3 x .
It 's pretty clear the App World has made a significant difference in people exploring for apps .
Here 's the graph of downloads using App World 's reporting :
Daily App World Downloads of PodTrapper
This graph shows why using download counts to measure is sub-optimal .
If you compare this graph to my new trial users graph there 's a big discrepency .
I determined that it 's mostly caused by people reinstalling or upgrading to new versions .
If I were going soley based on the download count to determine my registration rate I 'd be underestimating the actual rate by a large margin .
I still have a suspicion that most users are n't even aware they can get apps for their BlackBerry devices .
Hopefully once RIM works out the teething issues with the App World they 'll start marketing it and that will automatically help apps inside .
Here are some other interesting graphs that relate to marketing and sales ( you 'll probably be interested in the sales graph ) but about which I could n't find anything interesting worth talking about .
One thing to note is that PodTrapper is really close to a full second salary if this keeps up .
First up is my sales over time , the spikes are generally blog posts or similar :
All Sales ( Per day , 5 day moving average )
Usage vs Sales ( sales on secondary axis )
I was curious to see what the patterns were for registration .
I 'm sure there 's some way to use my data to figure out what the optimal trial period is instead of the " 30 days sounds good " method I used .
How Long Do People Wait to Register ?
( 30 day trial period )
And here 's a screenshot from Google Analytics that shows how people find my site .
It 's not a complete picture of how people find PodTrapper since you can get PodTrapper without ever visiting my site , but I figured it 's worth showing .
Google Analytics Screen Shot
Dealing [ or not ] with other companies
One thing I 've been frustrated with is getting in the door with other companies ( companies other than RIM or retailers ) .
For example , one of my eventual goals is to offer an ad supported version of PodTrapper .
I think there 's definite value in PodTrapper at $ 10 , but that means there 'd be even more value in PodTrapper for $ 0 .
To that end I set out to get information from ad networks for my app .
Of the 10 or so agencies I emailed , called or filled out an online form for I got one response , and that was weeks later .
I understand that I 'm small potatoes as a single developer and a small user base ( for now ? ) , but no response at all ?
I 'm not even sure what I 'd have to change to fix the problem .
Another example is Audible .
For those that do n't know Audible makes a long format player for BlackBerry .
Sort of .
A lot of my users have suggested that it would be great if PodTrapper , a long format player itself , could play DRM encumbered Audible files .
Great idea , let 's contact Audible !
Well , I 've tried four times now to get anything out of them with not a single response .
Not even a " That 's not possible , sorry . "
I 'm obviously doing something wrong here .
It could be some sort of " One Man Shop " stigma or something else .
I 've tried several different approaches from the friendly " Hey , let 's work together " to the formal " There are win - win scenarios in a strategic synergy of our two paradigms " .
I 'm actually a corporation , not just a DBA or similar , but I 'm not sure that matters with regard to this situation .
They do n't even respond enough to find that out .
My guess is I 'm just getting dismissed out of hand for the same reasons as the bloggers I talked about earlier .
I just need to build a larger name for myself ( and the name ' Versatile Monkey ' probably is n't helping , maybe I should switch to VrstleMn.ky and get some venture capital ) .
My Customers
My favorite part
BY FAR the best part of this whole experience has been the interactions I 've had with my users .
I made the decision to be as open and available to them as possible from the beginning .
Every screen of my app has an ' Email Developer ' menu item , and I had a forum going before I was even finished with the app .
I also make it a point to tell my users what I 'm working on and letting them know the real reasons things can't be done .
The results have been amazing .
If you check out some of the blog posts ' comments or some forum posts you can see just how awesome my users are .
From actively extolling my limitless virtues to elaborating on why PodTrapper is better than competitors or worth the $ 10 .
Plus , I only had so many ideas for what to do with PodTrapper .
Most of the UI niceties and even some of the complex features were a direct result of soliciting user feedback ( I try to close out any support requests with " Let me know if you run into any other issues or have any features you 'd like to see " ) .
It 's definitely work , but I would n't say a lot of it .
I spend about an hour a day answering emails and forum posts , usually right after I get off of my day job .
It 's not something I 'd be willing to sacrifice just to save some time .
I 'd actually like to be even more responsive than I am , people seem to really respond to it .
I get a lot of email thanking me for getting back to them so quickly .
Unfortunately I have the limitation in that I can't do work for PodTrapper ( including emails ) during my day job .
A great trick I 've learned , though , is to * always * answer your emails newest first .
There 's not really a difference between getting back to someone in 7 hours instead of 6 , but there 's a HUGE difference getting back to them 2 minutes later instead of an hour .
Of course this only works if you get through all of your email in a sitting .
One thing I have noticed when dealing with customers is that not everyone is good with communication :
To : PodTrapper Support <
This program is bull shit thanks for ripping me off .
be talking to you soon
Sent on the TELUS Mobility network with BlackBerry
From : Marcus Watkins <
To : XXXXXX
Hi XXXXXXX ,
I 'm sorry you feel that way , as far as I know there were n't any apps for this on blackberry before PodTrapper .
I 'd definitely be interested in hearing otherwise , though .
- Marcus
From : XXXXXXXX Fri , May 15 , 2009 at 5:19 PM
To : Marcus Watkins <
No I 'm sorry I did n't know what I was doing I got it working I love it good job
Sent on the TELUS Mobility network with BlackBerry
From : Marcus Watkins <
To : XXXXXX
Ok , definitely let me know if you run into any more issues .
- Marcus
From : XXXXXXX Fri , May 15 , 2009 at 2:32 PMTo : PodTrapper Support < [ email protected ]
This program is bull shit thanks for ripping me off .
be talking to you soonSent on the TELUS Mobility network with BlackBerryFrom : Marcus Watkins < [ email protected ] >
Fri , May 15 , 2009 at 5:16 PMTo : XXXXXXHi XXXXXXX , I 'm sorry you feel that way , as far as I know there were n't any apps for this on blackberry before PodTrapper .
I 'd definitely be interested in hearing otherwise , though .
- MarcusFrom : XXXXXXXX Fri , May 15 , 2009 at 5:19 PMTo : Marcus Watkins < [ email protected ]
No I 'm sorry I did n't know what I was doing I got it working I love it good jobSent on the TELUS Mobility network with BlackBerryFrom : Marcus Watkins < [ email protected ] >
Fri , May 15 , 2009 at 5:23 PMTo : XXXXXXOk , definitely let me know if you run into any more issues .
- Marcus
I think I misinterpretted his first email -- I thought he was complaining that I ripped off his idea , and he'd be " talking to me soon " with lawyers or something , heh .
Good times .
I actually do n't mind getting these types of emails .
My philosophy is that while yes , it would be great if no one had any issues , it 's sometimes better for some users to have issues so that you can show how willing you are to fix it for them .
Actually getting something fixed is apparently something that customers are n't prepared for and they seem to like it a lot .
It probably ends up being a more positive experience for them overall than if the product had just worked in the first place .
( Though not always , and I 'm not about to start putting easily fixable bugs in there to experiment ) .
It 's more that each dissatisfaction issue should be seen as a way to make someone even happier than they would have been had they not had an issue .
And even if I do get annoyed by some of the less thought out emails , ones like this more than make up for it :
Let me just say , my wife and I both love this app .
It is very unique and works very well .
I have been managing a BlackBerry deployment of about 4000 devices for our company for over 4 years , and I have tried more apps than I can count .
This app is one of my favorites .
It works well and takes advantage of all the available resources the various handhelds have to offer .
I would recommend it to anyone and everyone !
Thank you for this great app ; I hope you make millions , support charities , retire on a beach somewhere , and attend the French Open with Bill Gates and Eva Longoria !
This app is made of awesome !
Conclusion
Wow this article ended up being much longer than I had anticipated .
I hope someone got some value out of it , and in exchange maybe it made some more people aware of PodTrapper .
And you probably thought this whole thing was purely altruistic :) .
If there 's anything I did n't cover that you 're curious about drop a note in my forums , they do n't even require registration .
Most of the Above in Outline Form :
The fight against poverty produces great programs but disappointing results .
You go visit an inner-city school , job - training program or community youth center and you meet incredible people doing wonderful things .
Then you look at the results from the serious evaluations and you find that these inspiring places are only producing incremental gains .
That ’s why I was startled when I received an e-mail message from Roland Fryer , a meticulous Harvard economist .
It included this sentence : “ The attached study has changed my life as a scientist . ”
Fryer and his colleague Will Dobbie have just finished a rigorous assessment of the charter schools operated by the Harlem Children ’s Zone .
They compared students in these schools to students in New York City as a whole and to comparable students who entered the lottery to get into the Harlem Children ’s Zone schools , but were n’t selected .
They found that the Harlem Children ’s Zone schools produced “ enormous ” gains .
The typical student entered the charter middle school , Promise Academy , in sixth grade and scored in the 39th percentile among New York City students in math .
By the eighth grade , the typical student in the school was in the 74th percentile .
The typical student entered the school scoring in the 39th percentile in English Language Arts ( verbal ability ) .
By eighth grade , the typical student was in the 53rd percentile .
That was fast :
About a month and a half after being the first Twitter user to obtain 1 million followers , actor ( and part - time tech entrepreneur ) Ashton Kutcher is now the first to pass 2 million followers .
The big difference :
Unlike the last milestone , this one was n't fueled by nonstop press .
But it 's another reminder to the geeks that helped build up Twitter that real - world celebrities have taken over .
( And the next step : Your friends from real life joining up and taking control . )
SAN FRANCISCO – A federal judge here Thursday or soon thereafter is likely to conclude RealNetworks '
DVD - copying software is unlawful , and therefore should be permanently barred from distribution .
That 's the correct interpretation of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act .
Yet we think it 's offensive that the 1998 act produces the absurd result that consumers are considered hackers and copyright scofflaws just for duplicating DVDs for personal use .
By suing RealNetworks over the RealDVD - copying software , the Hollywood studios fear losing control of the DVD like the music industry did with the CD .
It 's OK to copy music from CDs , for example , and place it in an iPod .
Yet , it 's illegal to do the same with a DVD .
When it comes to the DVD , there 's not even a question of fair use .
How can the DVD and CD be treated so differently ?
Answer : The Digital Millennium Copyright Act , which protects the DVD but not the CD .
Hollywood pushed hard for the DMCA , in part to produce the DVD .
The studios were savvy enough to have seen how easy it was to duplicate the CD , which was not encrypted .
Attempts to lace CDs with Digital Rights Management had failed .
But the DVD was different .
It was born with encryption , now called the Content Scramble System .
It is designed to prevent duplication .
Under the DMCA , gadgets and software allowing duplication of encryption - protected works are prohibited .
That 's because the DMCA outlaws circumventing encryption to duplicate copyrighted works .
It also forbids trafficking in circumvention products – although plenty of underground duplication solutions exist .
That brings us back to the ongoing litigation between the Motion Picture Association of America and RealNetworks , which is expected to conclude as early as Thursday .
Hollywood fears that , if U.S. District Judge Marilyn Hall Patel blesses RealNetworks ' DVD copying software , which allows only one copy of a DVD to be made , the studios ' stranglehold on the DVD would be forever lost .
A RealNetworks victory would send the message to the general public that it 's OK to copy DVDs .
But DVDs cannot be copied without circumventing encryption , although RealNetworks claims its copying software is covered under the Content Scramble System license it acquired from the DVD Copy Control Association .
Circumventing encryption is barred by the DMCA .
This situation should be changed to allow the public the lawful right to make backup copies of DVDs – those discs that children fling around like Frisbees and lick like lollipops .
RealNetworks is making the silly argument that its RealDVD software does not circumvent encryption technology .
But what 's sillier is that RealNetworks finds itself in a courtroom , facing monetary sanctions , for producing a product that should be legal .
Photo : john_a_ward
See Also :
DUBAI ( Reuters ) - A main suspect in the investigation into the assassination of former Lebanese prime minister Rafik al - Hariri has been arrested in the United Arab Emirates , an Arab television station said on Sunday .
UAE - based Al Arabiya said Mohammed Zuhair al - Siddiq was arrested in the emirate of Sharjah and was being held by UAE security authorities .
It gave no more details .
An international court convened in The Hague in March to try suspects in the murder , four years after the politician ’s death .
Hariri and 22 other people were killed in a car bomb blast in Beirut on February 14 , 2005 that sparked an international outcry .
Many anti-Syrian Lebanese politicians accused Syria of being behind the bombing , a charge Damascus denied .
But the protests and political pressure that mounted after the killing forced Syria to withdraw forces it had maintained in its smaller neighbor since 1976 .
Lebanese authorities recently released on bail three men held in connection with the killing , but still hold four generals who were the commanders of Lebanon ’s pro-Syrian security establishment at the time .
The whereabouts of Siddiq , a former Syrian intelligence officer , have been unknown since March 2008 when he left France .
Lebanon ’s prosecutors believed Siddiq had an indirect role in the February 14 , 2005 , killing of Hariri and 22 others , and they charged him with murder in October 2005 .
Siddiq was arrested in a Paris suburb that month after an international arrest warrant was issued for him , but French judges rejected Beirut ’s extradition request because they received no guarantees he would not face the death penalty .
He was freed in 2006 .
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Daily Mail and General Trust ( DMGT ) fell into the red as it reported a pre-tax loss of £ 239 m for the six months to 29 March , in a further sign of the dire state of the newspaper advertising market .
The owner of the Daily Mail and about 100 regional titles said that its results were affected by a £ 179 m non-cash charge principally relating to assets acquired in recent years by its regional newspaper division Northcliffe Media , DMG World Media , Euromoney and DMG Radio .
Stripping out exceptional charges , DMGT saw pre-tax profits fall by 47 % to £ 77 m for the period and group revenues decline by 7 % to £ 1.08bn .
The company said that operating profit at Northcliffe had plunged by 85 % to £ 6 m , with revenues down 23 % to £ 166 m , as advertising in sectors such as recruitment and property remained more than 50 % down year on year .
At Associated Newspapers , its national newspaper arm , which publishes the Daily Mail and the Mail on Sunday , operating profit fell 59 % year on year to £ 18 m , with revenue down 10 % to £ 455 m .
DMGT described trading conditions as " unprecedented " .
The scale of the downturn reflected in its newspaper operations adds to a continuing bleak outlook for the UK news­paper market as a whole , and the future of regional titles in particular .
Its share price dipped today by 3.37 % to 301p .
Total solar energy absorbed by the Earth is more energy in an hour than the entire world uses in a year .
It is as much as energy per year as all fossil fuels available in the earth put together .
For new types of solar panel , the energy generated by a solar cell over time is between 10 and 32 times greater than the energy needed to produce and maintain the solar cells .
Although you can easily install solar - powered water heaters , or generate electricity from solar panels on your roof , these are relatively expensive to do , even if they save you money in the medium term .
Both heaters and electricity - generators also require installation , tanks , wires , panels , and all the rest of it .
If the above does n't seem right for you at the moment , there are also home units which can be powered individually through solar energy , ranging from electric fences through solar ovens to pond pumps and swimming pool heaters .
Solar cookers are a big subject on their own , and a more detailed article about solar ovens and solar cookers can be found here .
This article looks at some of the items available today , and how they work .
< html xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml " >
< head profile = " http://dublincore.org/documents/dcq-html/ " >
< title > John Smith 's Fish of the World < / title > < meta name = " DC.title " content = " Fish of the World " /> < meta name = " DC.creator " content = " John Smith " / > </head > < body > < h1 > Fish of the World </ h1 > < p > by John Smith </ p>
The Dublin Core Metadata Initiative organization defined these and other properties for defining the metadata about books , works of art and so on .
You can see in the example above that they duplicate information in the document itself .
A nice thing about RDFa is that you can attach the properties to the document text instead :
< html xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml " xmlns:dc= " http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/ " >
< head > < title > John Smith 's Fish of the World < / title > </ head > < body > < h1 property = " dc:title " >
Fish of the World < / h1 > < p > by < span property = " dc:creator " >
John Smith </ span ></ p>
What this does is declare that we are going to use the Dublin Core properties , and prefix them with dc : .
It then attaches the Dublin Core properties title and creator to the relevant parts of the text .
Of course , a major advantage of this is that the visible versions in the text do n't get out of sync with the metadata versions .
Compact URIs
In the last example we had property = " dc:title " .
This says " the property called title from the vocabulary identified by dc : " .
But we also said earlier that a property was kept as a URI .
A form such as dc:title is called a Compact URI , or CURIE for short .
The URI it represents is just the concatenation of the URI in the declaration of the prefix ( in this case xmlns: dc= " http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/ " ) and whatever follows the colon .
So in this case dc:title is a short form of the full URI http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/title .
( You can now probably see why CURIEs are nice to have . )
In the case that there is no prefix ( as in the case of something like rel= " index " ) , then a default prefix is used .
For XHTML that default is http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml/vocab# .
Using rel
Using the property attribute like this gives you an equivalent of the meta element , but then in the text of your page .
To get the equivalent of a link element , you use the rel attribute .
For instance , pages often have a clickable " Next " link to take you to the next page :
< a href= " thecod.html " >
Next </a>
It can be expressed like this :
< a href = " thecod.html " rel= " next " >
Next </a>
Similarly ,
< a href= " page2.html " >
Back </a>
can be written
< a href= " page2.html " rel= " prev " >
Back </a>
Another typical use for rel is to use it to point to the copyright or licensing information of a page .
Instead of :
< a href=" copyright.html " >
Copyright </a>
You can write
< a href=" copyright.html " rel= " copyright " >
Copyright </a>
( By the way , it does n't matter what order you put the href and rel in . )
Of course , you could already do this in HTML .
What is new is that it is now defined how to interpret this as RDF , and , as you will later see , you can apply it to more than just < a > elements .
Talking about Other Documents
Most of the metadata in HTML only allows you to talk about the document itself , and in all the examples we have given so far , we have been giving metadata about the page in question .
But you may want to be able to talk about other things than just the current document ( and you will see more examples of this shortly ) .
For this you can use the about attribute to specify what it is the information applies to .
For instance , suppose you link to some data :
Here is a plot of the data : < img src=" plot.png " alt = " Rainfall 1900 - 1999 " / >.
The < a href=" rainfall.csv " > raw data < /a> is available .
and you want to include the licensing conditions of that data :
The data is available under < a href=" license.html " > these conditions </a>.
then you can say this :
The data is available under < a about =" rainfall.csv " rel= " license " href=" license.html " > these conditions </a>.
If you use about on a container element , like a < p > then the about applies to all the contained relations :
< p about =" rainfall.csv " >
The data < strong property = " dc:title " >
Rainfall 1900-1999 </ strong > is the property of < em property = " dc:creator " > Data Be We , Inc < / em > and is available under < a rel= " license " href=" license.html " > these conditions </a>. </ p>
Using URIs and CURIEs in the about attribute
Note that the about attribute contains a URI .
It can point to anything on the Web :
< p about = " http://www.w3.org/TR/rdfa-syntax "
>
The title of the RDFa specification is < em property = " dc:title " >
RDFa in XHTML : Syntax and Processing </em >...</ p>
Occasionally you may want to use a CURIE instead of a URI in about ( as you will see shortly ) , and so to distinguish a CURIE from a URI in those cases , you enclose a CURIE in square brackets .
For instance , suppose you had defined xmlns : tr= " http://www.w3.org/TR/ " , then you could write the above in the following way :
< p about= " [ tr:rdfa- syntax ] " >
The title of the RDFa specification is < em property = " dc:title " >
RDFa in XHTML : Syntax and Processing </em >...</ p>
Talking about People , Places and Things
Up to now we have been talking about assigning properties to things with URIs .
But there is a problem : not everything that you might want to talk about has a URI .
The city of Amsterdam does n't have a URI .
Nor does a person , or an object like a car , or a concept like love .
Of course , these things have pages about them , but that is different .
It is important not to confuse a website about something with that thing itself .
To take an example to explain the difference , suppose we want to say that T.S. Eliot is the author of the poem The Waste Land .
Well , we might do a search for the poem , and find http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Waste_Land .
You might then be tempted to say :
< span about = " http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Waste_Land " property =" dc:creator " >T.S. Eliot </ span >
Unfortunately , this says that T.S. Eliot created the Wikipedia page , which is patently not true .
So what do we do ?
Well , RDFa has a notation that allows you to create a local name for something that does n't have a URI ( or that has a URI that you do n't know ) , and say something about it anyway :
< link about= " [ _: TheWasteLand ] " rel= " foaf:isPrimaryTopicOf " href = " http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Waste_Land " />
The " _ : " is a reserved prefix for this notation .
You can put any identifier after the colon .
What this says is " There is something ( which we shall call ' TheWasteLand ' ) which is the primary topic of the page at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Waste_Land . "
Now that we have uniquely identified the poem we can record that its creator was ' T.S. Eliot ' " :
< span about= " [ _: TheWasteLand ] " property = " dc:creator " >
T.S. Eliot </ span >
( By the way , the foaf properties are identified by xmlns : foaf = " http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/ " ) .
In this way we can mint all sorts of names for people , places , organizations and other things that have n't got URIs , and uniquely identify them .
A person :
< link about= " [ _: StevenPemberton ] " rel= " foaf:isPrimaryTopicOf " href = " http://www.cwi.nl/~steven/ " />
A place :
< link about= " [ _: Amsterdam ] " rel= " foaf:isPrimarytopicOf " href = " http://www.amsterdam.nl/ " />
An organization :
< link about= " [ _: W3C ] " rel= " foaf:isPrimaryTopicOf " href = " http://www.w3.org/ " />
And then we can use those names in order to talk about them :
< a about= " [ _: W3C ] " rel= " foaf : homepage " href = " http://www.w3.org/ "
>W3C</a>
These special CURIEs beginning " _ : " are called blank nodes or bnodes .
Note that they are local to a document , so you have to redeclare them in each document that you use them .
By the way , the important thing with blank nodes is to uniquely identify them by some means if you can .
foaf : isPrimaryTopicOf is one way , but any property that is unique will work .
For instance :
< link about= " [ _: StevenPemberton ] " rel= " foaf : mbox " href= " mailto:steven@w3.org " />
is just as good , since there is only one person who has that email address , and so we have uniquely identified that person .
Note that since an empty URI " " means ' the current page ' , on your own home page you can add code like
< link about= " [ _: StevenPemberton ] " rel= " foaf : primaryTopicOf " href= " " / >
which says " The thing we call StevenPemberton is the primary topic of this page " .
Overriding the Content
Sometimes although the content contains information that needs to be tagged , it is not always in the form you need it .
For instance :
< p>Amsterdam is located at latitude 52°22 ' 23 " N and longitude 4°53'32 " E</ p>
While there are properties for recording latitude and longitude , they expect the values to be decimal numbers .
Well we can write this :
< p about= " [ _: Amsterdam ] " >< span property = " dc:name " > Amsterdam </ span > is located at latitude < span property = " geo:lat " content = " 52.373 " >52°22'23 " N</ span > and longitude < span property = " geo:long " content = " 4.892 " >4°53'32 " E</span ></p>
This is of course the same content attribute you know from the meta element .
Its value overrides whatever is in the content of the element .
( The geo properties are at xmlns : geo= " http://www.w3.org/2003/01/geo/wgs84_pos# " )
Swapping subject and object
A lesser - used but nevertheless useful relationship in HTML is the reverse relationship rev .
This relationship is like rel , but reverses the relationship .
For instance , if a document doc.html is indexed by the page index.html , then doc.html can record this fact with the link :
< link rel= " index " href= " index.html " / >
However , index.html can also record the relationship :
< link rev=" index " href= " doc.html " / >
which says " this page is the index for doc.html " .
You can use rev similarly in RDFa .
All it does is swap the subject ( the ' about ' ) with the object ( the ' href ' ) .
For instance , suppose we have a set of data about a person :
< p about= " [ _: StevenPemberton ] " >
Name : < span property =" foaf : name " > Steven Pemberton </ span > Mail : < a rel= " foaf : mbox " href= " mailto:steven@w3.org " >steven@w3.org </a> </ p>
Now , foaf has a property img that says that a particular image is a picture of some person .
But the relationship is from the picture , to the person .
What we would like to say is :
< link about = " Steven.jpg " rel= " foaf:img " href= " [ _: StevenPemberton ] " />
except that at the moment we are talking about the person , and not the image .
So if we want to add this information to the block above , we just reverse the relationship with rev :
< p about= " [ _: StevenPemberton ] " >
Name : < span property =" foaf : name " > Steven Pemberton </ span > Mail : < a rel= " foaf : mbox " href= " mailto:steven@w3.org " >steven@w3.org </a>
Mugshot : < a rev=" foaf:img " href = " Steven.jpg " >
Photo</ a> </
p>
Note that you can have ( if you want ) both rel and rev on an element :
< a rel= " next " rev=" prev " href= " page2.html " >
Next </a>
( Not that this example gives you very much in terms of extra information ! )
Advanced topics
You now know enough to use RDFa for day - to - day use , but there are a few extras you might find useful .
The resource attribute
Alongside the href attribute , there is also a resource attribute with the same purpose , but usable when you do n't want the link to be clickable , or you want to use a CURIE ( since you can't use a CURIE in href ) :
The photo is entitled < em about = " Steven.jpg " rel= " foaf:img " resource= " [ _: StevenPemberton ] " > Steven in London </em >
Note in passing that you may have more than one relation on an element .
So we could also say :
The photo is entitled < em about = " Steven.jpg " rel= " foaf:img " resource= " [ _: StevenPemberton ] " property = " dc:title " >
Steven in London </em >
Packaging a group of relations
Often a group of properties together make up a whole .
For instance an event can have a title , a description , a location , and a start and end date .
If you want to say that a section of markup contains such a group of properties , you can use the typeof attribute .
For instance , to mark up a conference :
< div xmlns : event= " http://www.w3.org/2002/12/cal# " typeof = " event : Vevent " > < h3 property = " event : summary " >
WWW 2009 </h3 > < p property = " event : description " > 18th International World Wide Web Conference </ p> < p
> To be held from < span property = " event : dtstart " content =
" 2009-04-20 " > 20th April 2009 </ span > until < span property = " event : dtend " content = " 2009-04-24 " > 24th April </ span > , in < span property = " event:location " >
Madrid , Spain </ span >.</ p> </div>
or a TV program :
< div typeof = " event : Vevent " > < h3 property = " event : summary " >
Have I Got Old News For You < / h3 > < p property = " event:location " >
BBC2</p> < p >< span property =" event : dtstart " content = " 2008-06-28T21:00:00 " > Saturday 28 June , 9 pm</ span >-< span property =" event : dtend " content = " 2008-06-28T21:30:00 " > 9.30 pm</p > < p property =" event : description " > Team captains Paul Merton and Ian Hislop are joined by returning guest host Jeremy Clarkson and panellists Danny Baker and Germaine Greer for the topical news quiz .
< abbr title= " in stereo " >[ S ]</ abbr ></ p> </div>
Note the use of content here to get the dates and times into a machine - readable format .
Data Types
Occasionally you may want to specify that a particular property is of a certain data type .
The datatype attribute is precisely for this purpose :
< span property = " event : dtend " datatype= " xsd: date " content = " 2009-04-24 " > 24th April </ span >
This would need an xmlns:xsd = " http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema " .
Validating
If you want to make sure your page validates correctly , you should ensure your pages have the following at the top of the document ( before the < html > ) .
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML+RDFa 1.0//EN " " http://www.w3.org/MarkUp/DTD/xhtml-rdfa-1.dtd " >
The validator at http://validator.w3.org/ will check your pages .
Looking at the results
There are a number of online services willing to extract all the properties from a RDFa - enabled page , and tell you what they are .
For instance , the RDFa Distiller at http://www.w3.org/2007/08/pyRdfa/.
Summary of Attributes
about Specifies the subject of a relationship .
If not given , then the subject is the current document .
rel Defines a relation between the subject and a URL given by either href or resource .
The subject is either specified by the closest about or src attribute , @@ rev
The same as the the rel attribute , except that subject and object are reversed .
property Defines a relationship between the subject and either a string ( if the content attribute is present ) or a piece of markup otherwise ( the content of the element that the property attribute is on ) .
content Specifies a string to use as an object for the property attribute href Specifies an object URI for the rev and rel attributes .
Takes precedence over the resource attribute .
resource Specifies an object URI for the rev and rel attributes if href is not present .
src Specifies the subject of a relationship .
datatype Specifies a datatype of the object of the property attribute ( either in the content attribute , or the content of the element that the datattype attribute is on . )
By default , data in the content attribute is of type string , and data in the content of an element has type xml : Literal .
If datatype= " " is used , then for the RDF the element content is stripped of markup , and is of type string .
typeof Creates a blank node , which becomes the subject , and asserts that the current element contains relationships that match the given RDF type .
Examples
There are many vocabularies available across the web ( called taxonomies by some ) , and there are more being created all the time .
Here is a selection :
See the RDFa Wiki list of vocabularies and RDFa examples in the wild for some more .
Further Reading
RDFa Specification - not written for beginners , and therefore hard going , but the final arbiter on RDFa
RDFa Primer - another introduction to RDFa
rdfa.info - news and information about developments .
RDFa Wiki - community meeting place for RDFa .
The Larger Meaning of the Israeli - Palestinian Conflict
By : Bernard Chazelle
Why the incessant focus on Israel ?
The question is usually rhetorical and designed to elicit defensiveness rather than , say , an answer .
With so many worse conflicts raging around the world , the idea goes , a fixation on the Israeli treatment of Palestinians is suspicious .
The charge is not that anti-Semites obsess about Israel -- of course , they do : it 's that a critical focus is symptomatic of that ancient brand of hatred .
The Harvard legal scholar , Alan Dershowitz , wo n't hesitate to bring up David Duke 's endorsement of the Walt - Mearsheimer thesis as proof .
The logic is somewhat novel , since I do n't recall anti-Apartheid activists having to justify Idi Amin Dada ’s alignment on the matter .
There are two distinct questions to answer : one is why Westerners fixate on the I/P conflict ; the other is why they should .
Why they do is obvious .
Quite simply , the topic is unavoidable .
The argument might seem circular but it 's not .
The US media ’s coverage of Israel , a tiny country the size of New Jersey , may well exceed that of China and India combined .
A TPM Cafe poster was joking recently that what the site needs is more coverage of Israeli politics .
The I/P conflict is the OJ Trial of international news : everywhere , all the time .
Even if one tried , one would be hard pressed to ignore it .
The fixation is fueled by 3 factors , none of them a symptom of bigotry .
One is religion and culture .
Half the planet and virtually the entire Western world worship a god that claims Jerusalem as her playground .
If Darfurians and Sri Lankans wanted more of our attention , they should have had the foresight to write the bible first .
As Le Monde Diplomatique 's Alain Gresh reminded his readers recently , when Syria 's Faisal was overthrown by French forces in 1920 , General Gouraud went to Saladin 's tomb and whispered snidely , " We 're back .
The cross beat the crescent ! "
A second reason for our focus is the Holocaust , which still carries enormous moral weight in the West .
The third factor is geopolitical , and has much to do with the dark , oozy stuff that Jimmy Carter identified with our " vital interests . "
Of course , those who bristle at the critical focus on Israel , a focus they themselves share , object only to the critical part .
So let 's examine that angle .
Perhaps only an anti-Semite can resist the charms of Netanyahu , Barak , and the saintly Avigdor Lieberman , but many democrats ( lower - case d ) rightly wonder how it is that Michigan has only 2 US senators in Washington but Israel has 100 of them .
Americans were evenly divided about the Gaza offensive , yet the US Congress passed a resolution of support for Israel by a vote of 390 - 5 .
( I trust AIPAC asked Kim - Jong - il what to do with the 5 renegades . )
You 'd never know , listening to our fearless leaders , that 74 % of Americans do n't want the US government to take Israel 's side in the conflict .
When the IDF mowed down hundreds of women and children in Gaza , US politicians of all stripes jumped over themselves to support Israeli action .
That 's not friendship : that 's prostitution .
The latest flap over Chas Freeman was so laughable one almost wonders if it was not orchestrated by Walt and Mearsheimer themselves to validate their thesis .
( The hasbaraniks who whine about their own incompetence , as they 're wont to do , may have a point after all . )
All true , but one must keep all of that in perspective .
US support for Israel does not require AIPAC .
With no comparable lobby , the vile government of Egypt receives comparable support .
US imperial ambitions in the region have in Israel a natural ally .
Since World War II , the US has supported nearly every non-Communist tyranny against the aspirations of the people .
Are the Palestinians so different from the Chileans , the Nicaraguans , the Guatemalans , the Salvadorans , the Greeks , the Timorese , and the Vietnamese that the US should make an exception for them ?
AIPAC influences the modalities of US policy but not its foundation .
Until the Palestinians find wisdom and give themselves a pro-American dictatorship , they 'll always be the enemy .
The failure of Taba in 2000 had nothing to do with the Israel lobby , and that 's the closest the conflict came to a resolution in the last 40 years .
AIPAC is the cherry on the cake of a notoriously paranoid bunch of Likudniks and Rapture - ready nut jobs .
Would US policy be significantly different if they did not exist ?
No .
That we focus on the I/P conflict does not mean that we should .
They are , indeed , more serious issues facing this world .
Western attention is warranted because the conflict represents the last vestige of Western colonialism .
After 1967 , with US support , Israel turned into a full - fledged colonial project embedded in an imaginary existential narrative .
A signature trait of colonization is that it is optional .
Occupying the West Bank never served any purpose of survival .
It 's always been a choice , not a necessity .
Israelis are entitled to a state .
All of the residents , regardless of religion or ethnicity , are entitled to live where they are .
They just may not do so as occupiers enforcing an apartheid regime .
It 's not exactly advanced political science .
For roughly two hundred years , most of the planet was a giant playground for the White Man.
Niall Ferguson will tell you what a splendid idea that was .
And , indeed , it was quite splendid for British white men like himself -- just a coincidence , of course , for that most objective of historians .
World War II brought all of that fun to an end and catalyzed American imperial hegemony , which then grew under the cover of the Cold War .
The last colonial bastion to fall was South Africa .
Remember the good old days when these two icons of freedom , Reagan and Thatcher , were calling Nelson Mandela a terrorist while opposing sanctions against the most racist regime on earth .
How one quickly forgets .
Today , except for Syria , every Arab country is a " friend " of the US , and virtually every single one of them is a brutal , corrupt dictatorship .
Plus ca change .
The I/P conflict represents the last battle of a declining West against the Global South .
" Clash of Civilizations " is a self - flattering phrase meaning " Crash of Colonizations . "
Like South Africa ( and the US ) , Israel is a European creation .
It was not intended as a colony but as a refuge .
But it all went wrong in the 60s and became a colony .
That the " homeland " happens to be local is a distinction without a difference .
Most of the French in Algeria had lived there for 5 generations -- far longer than most of the Jews in Israel .
Technically , Algeria was not a colony but an integral part of France : again , a distinction without a difference .
The two main colonial characteristics , racism and domination , were present .
As they are today in Israel .
Westerners born after the 40s need not bear the guilt of their colonial past but they must bear its historical legacy .
That 's why the Israeli - Palestinian conflict should also be theirs .
— Bernard Chazelle
Posted at April 9 , 2009 02:53 PM
Ex -CIA guy : Briefers may have " dissembled " to Pelosi
Ishmael Jones , the pseudonym of a former CIA agent who has been critical of the agency , thinks Nancy Pelosi may have been right when she claimed the CIA misled her on interrogation briefings .
Writing in National Review's The Corner blog , Jones ( who apparently was n't one of the Speaker 's briefers ) opines :
In Mrs. Pelosi ’s defense , CIA managers do not give fist - pounding briefings .
They mumble , they dissemble , and there ’s a lot of “ on the one hand . . . ”
Its enormous numbers of employees have led to briefings being handled by groups , with vague chains of command , so that it may have been difficult to pin down what was said , when it was said , and who was in charge .
Jones , who describes himself as a " former deep cover operative , " suggests Pelosi ( and , by implication , the House Republicans who howled about her attacks on the CIA ) should actually be pushing the agency much harder :
The CIA should be systemically changed so that it becomes an effective force for the defense of Americans , and not a political special - interest group .
It needs to get its officers out of the United States and operating in foreign countries .
( President Obama visited CIA Headquarters in April , where he was greeted by throngs of cheering CIA employees .
With 90 percent of its employees now living and working within the United States , it is easy for the CIA to gather a rock - concert crowd . )
The CIA needs to establish accountability for taxpayer funding — no whistle - blower system currently exists at the CIA to prevent fraud .
[ T ]he CIA must shift its focus to gathering critical intelligence on foreign threats such as Iran and North Korea , and stop engaging in political fights in Washington , D.C.
The real challenge to Mrs.
Pelosi ’s political power will come not from these latest revelations , but in the fallout from the next intelligence failure , when America is taken by surprise , or when President Obama makes a crucial decision based on false or nonexistent CIA intelligence .
Jones ' blog , which focuses on intel reform , is here .
[ h/t Jeff Stein ]
Glenn
Thrush is senior staff writer at Politico Magazine .
Roxana Saberi was freed on Monday after four months in prison A lawyer for US - Iranian journalist Roxana Saberi says she was convicted of spying for the US partly because she had obtained a classified document .
Her lawyer said she had access to a confidential Iranian report on the US war in Iraq - but had not used it .
The lawyer , Saleh Nikbakht , said the report had been prepared by a research centre of the Iranian presidency .
Ms Saberi was freed on appeal on Monday , after four months in prison in the Iranian capital , Tehran .
She was originally sentenced to eight years but her term was cut on appeal to two years suspended .
She denies the spying charge .
' No bad intentions '
Mr Nikbakht did not say how Roxana Saberi had gained access to the document , prepared by Iran 's Centre for Strategic Research .
" Because she did not have bad intentions and did not use it , she was sentenced to a two - year suspended jail term , " he told Reuters news agency .
Ms Saberi , whose parents live in the US , is now able to leave Iran .
She has been banned by the Iranians from working as a journalist there for five years .
On Tuesday , in her first public comments since being released , she said she was very happy to be free , and she thanked people around the world who had supported her .
Her case had attracted international attention .
The White House in Washington said Iran 's decision to free her was a " humanitarian gesture " .
She originally faced a less serious accusation of buying alcohol , and later of working as a reporter without a valid press card .
The spying charge was introduced later , and she was tried and sentenced behind closed doors .
Ms Saberi worked as a freelance journalist for news organisations , including the BBC and the US - based National Public Radio .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Wallace and Gromit creator Nick Park talks to Maev Kennedy about a Science Museum exhibition designed to get children thinking about design and invention guardian .
co.uk
The multiple Oscar - winning animator Nick Park had the odd feeling of being about five inches high and made of Plasticine as he stood leaning on the gate of the impeccable garden of 62 West Wallaby Street – a gate he has sketched and modelled hundreds of times but never seen taller than a coffee cup .
The world of Wallace and Gromit has been recreated in a £ 2 m exhibition on the second floor of the Science Museum , complete with mad machines , giant cabbages , villainous rabbits , extensive research library on cheese , improbable collections – one illustrating the evolution of the welly boot – and kitchen cupboards stuffed with the packets and jars fondly remembered from Park 's own childhood in Preston , Lancashire .
Wallace and Gromit 's world of genius inventions that very nearly work perfectly , and hoarded bits and bobs that might come in handy one day , is very much Park 's own , he revealed .
" To this day I find it really difficult to throw away a cardboard tube or a bit of plastic packaging – I think oh , I could use that for something . "
He cannot remember a time when he did n't draw , but he was following his father 's example and creating inventions , including a bottle that squeezed out different colour wools which he was so proud of he sent it to Blue Peter , even before he started borrowing his mother 's home movie camera and making his own animations from the age of 12 .
Like the most dazzling creations of Wallace , there was often some tediously fundamental flaw in his inventions .
He remembers with modest pride the staggering patent nut cracker he built in metal­work class , working on the principle of a jack hammer and highly likely to remove a finger .
Its only practical disadvantage was that it proved impossible to fit even a hazelnut into its jaws .
Tellingly , Park has said of Wallace that all his inventions are based on using a sledge hammer to crack a nut .
The exhibition is jointly funded by the Intellectual Property Office , and intended to encourage small visitors not just to fuel the thinking cap with brainwaves , or to hurl bean bags to bring the television set within reach of the sofa – avoiding the need for anything as dull as a remote control – but to come up with and patent their own inventions .
It includes the inspiring story of Sam Houghton , who saw his father struggling with two brooms to sweep up twigs and leaves , and raced to find a stout rubber band to fasten them together .
Sam is five , but his father is a patent attorney : as of last April , Sam 's broom enhancer is registered as British patent number 2438091 .
The exhibition ends in Wallace 's own museum , selected on his behalf from the Science Museum 's vast stores by curators John Liffen and Andrew Nahum : as Liffen is mad on communications , and Nahum on flight , they sensed Wallace would be too .
Their assemblage includes a truly Wallacian piece of kit , a home tin can sealing machine .
Liffen believes it was one of those paid for at the time of the second world war by donations from American housewives , and sent to rescue their unfortunate British sisters from the archaic practice of bottling in glass jars : the thrifty and houseproud Gromit would approve .
• Wallace and Gromit present A World of Cracking Ideas , Science Museum , ­London , until 1 November
A MIDDLE - AGED man felt chest pains .
As an executive at IBM , an information - technology firm , he had excellent health insurance , so he went straight to a specialist .
His cardiologist put him through a bunch of tests , including a computerised tomography scan .
A radiologist noticed something odd in his neck , so he went to a neck surgeon , who checked him out and found nothing .
He went back to the cardiologist , who gave him an angiogram , which caused dangerous complications and landed him in hospital for a while .
In all , he ran up more than $ 150,000 in medical expenses before the chest pains disappeared on their own .
When they reappeared several months later , he spoke to Paul Grundy , the head of health - care technology at IBM .
Dr Grundy , a doctor of preventive medicine by training , asked him if his lifestyle had changed recently .
The executive mentioned that he had taken up gardening again .
Dr Grundy quickly established that his chest pains sprang from a muscle he had strained through overzealous weed - whacking .
Such stories are all too common .
Americans will spend a staggering $ 2.5 trillion on health care in 2009 , says the Congressional Budget Office .
As a share of national income that is far more than other rich countries spend ( see chart 4 ) , despite America 's slightly younger population .
To say that Americans do not get value for money is putting it mildly .
They live no longer than Europeans and die younger than the Japanese .
Meanwhile , 46 m of them lack health insurance .
There are many reasons why American health care costs so much .
Americans love fancy new medical technology .
New drugs , for example , are prescribed a year or two earlier in America than in Europe , and do not come cheap .
American doctors pay a fortune to insure themselves against frivolous lawsuits .
A study in the New England Journal of Medicine found that even in cases where no medical error was found , plaintiffs received payments a quarter of the time .
And half of medical malpractice payments were gobbled up by lawyers and overheads .
But the central problem is that most Americans get their health insurance through their employers .
This dates back to the era of post - war wage controls , when firms offered benefits instead of pay rises .
Today 's tax code sets it in stone .
Employers can buy health insurance with pre-tax dollars .
Individuals cannot .
This creates an agency problem .
When a typical patient goes to the doctor , he has no idea what anything costs .
He pays only about 15 % of the bill , so if the doctor recommends something he will probably say yes .
The doctor gets paid for everything he does , so he has a powerful incentive to perform costly , unnecessary procedures .
Besides , he may be socked for damages if he omits a test that a lawyer subsequently convinces a jury might have been useful .
The costs are passed on to insurers , who pass them on to employers in the form of higher premiums , who then pass them on to workers in the form of lower pay .
This last point is not widely understood .
Many Americans think of soaring health - care costs as a burden on companies .
And it is true that some high - profile ones , such as carmakers , have come unstuck by promising health benefits that subsequently became too expensive .
GM spends more on health insurance than on steel .
It is also true that small firms find the bureaucracy of health insurance hasslesome .
However , in general the real victims of health - care inflation are not businesses but ordinary Americans .
As the cost of coverage rises , their wages are squeezed , or coverage is dropped altogether .
The proportion of the cost of employer - provided health insurance shouldered by employees is “ at or close to 100 % , ” says Jonathan Gruber , an economist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Last year , employer - provided health insurance reduced wages by 7.9 % , according to the Bureau of Labour Statistics .
The stagnation of middle - class incomes in recent years is in large measure caused by health - care inflation .
Tying people 's health insurance to their jobs also makes it harder for them to switch jobs or set up their own firms .
Reforming health care is Barack Obama 's domestic priority .
He is determined to increase coverage and curb costs .
To increase coverage , he would subsidise individuals and small firms to buy insurance and bar insurers from excluding sick people .
To promote competition , he would create a national insurance exchange where people could shop for different plans .
As well as private insurance , he would offer people the option of buying into a public plan like the one that covers federal workers .
To curb costs , he would promote the use of information technology and “ evidence - based medicine ” , the notion that you measure what works and only do it if it does .
He would also allow imports of drugs from countries where they are cheaper ( for example , because prices are set by a state monopsony ) .
Getting all this through Congress will be an ordeal , as Hillary Clinton discovered in the 1990s .
But some kind of reform is likely , perhaps this year .
The consequences could be far - reaching .
Mr Obama seems determined to offer every American the option of buying government health insurance and if Congress agrees , private insurers will be walloped — some say wiped out .
A government scheme could offer much lower prices .
Unlike a private insurer , it would not have to make provision for future liabilities ; it could simply stick the bill to future taxpayers .
Medicare , the government scheme for old people , has unfunded liabilities of $ 36 trillion — two - and - a - half times America 's GDP .
If opened to all , it could undercut private insurers by “ screwing our children and grandchildren ” , says Regina Herzlinger , a health - care expert at Harvard Business School .
The insurers that survive will be those that keep costs under control .
Fee - for - service insurance must adapt or wither .
Managed care will return .
This is the model whereby doctors work for the insurer , which pays them to keep people well .
Instead of letting patients go straight to a specialist , managed - care firms like Kaiser Permanente make them see a primary - care doctor first , who will figure out whether the problem is serious .
This is crucial .
Specialists tend to recommend their own specialism — surgeons advocate surgery , and so on .
The lack of a gatekeeper in traditional fee - for - service insurance leads to over - doctoring that is often harmful as well as costly , as that IBM executive discovered .
Managed care , provided by firms also called health - maintenance organisations , ( HMOs ) , grew rapidly in the 1990s but then retreated .
One reason , according to Alain Enthoven , a health - care specialist at Stanford University , is that firms pushed their staff into HMOs without a choice , which angered many .
Another is that they failed explicitly to pass on the savings to employees .
This might change .
For example , Stanford gives employees a choice of five health plans .
If they pick the cheapest , ( Kaiser , which is also arguably the best , says Mr Enthoven ) , the university pays the full cost .
If they pick a more expensive one , they must pay the difference .
Four - fifths choose an HMO .
The high price of pills
Health - care reform worries drug firms .
Under the current system , Americans not only adopt new drugs more quickly than people in other rich countries ; they pay 50 % more for the same drugs , according to McKinsey .
In a more government - dominated system , drug firms ' profits would suffer .
So would their incentive to innovate .
It typically costs them a billion dollars to develop a new drug .
They can only recoup their vast R&D outlays thanks to high margins in America .
The rest of the world enjoys a free ride .
But that could change .
Getty Images
I 'm afraid we 'll have to remove your wallet
Billy Tauzin , the drug industry 's chief lobbyist , protests that European - style rationing would cost American lives .
But drug firms are already bracing themselves for leaner times .
Several are merging to cut overheads and pool their research skills : Merck with Schering - Plough , Pfizer with Wyeth , Roche with Genentech .
And many are finding that they can cut costs by outsourcing drug - testing .
Quintiles , the largest firm that undertakes such work , saw its revenues grow by 19 % last year .
Pharmaceutical research is getting more expensive because it is getting more complex , says Dennis Gillings , Quintiles 's chief executive .
Many new drugs are aimed at old people who may already be taking several other pills .
Testers have to be sure that they will not interact harmfully .
Mr Obama plans to spend $ 19 billion to promote health IT .
The system is sorely in need of the efficiencies that digitisation might make possible .
Only 4 % of American doctors have a fully functional electronic medical - records system and another 13 % have only a basic one , according to the New England Journal of Medicine .
Simply putting computers on doctors ' desks is not enough , however .
They must have incentives to use them .
For managed - care firms , the incentives are already there .
If their doctors can call up a patient 's medical records on a screen , along with information about suitable treatments , they can get better results for less money .
Fee - for - service doctors , who gain nothing by providing more cost - effective care , have been slower to digitise .
Mr Obama says he will offer them incentives to do so .
Meanwhile , private firms are trying to show them that IT can make their lives easier .
By chance , one of these firms , Athena Health of Massachusetts , is run by a cousin of George Bush .
Rather than trying to sell doctors software which they might never use , Jonathan Bush says he uses software to provide a service , just as Amazon uses software to deliver books .
His firm helps 13,000 doctors to digitise their patients ' records and handle the maddening process of billing insurers .
Mr Bush says his clients get paid 11 % more than before ( because insurance firms ' bureaucracy sometimes used to defeat them ) and 34 % faster .
He saves the patients money , too .
Doctors without electronic records often find it easier to do another $ 500 chest X - ray today than to dig up the results of the one they did yesterday , marvels Mr Bush .
" My first reaction was that it was a joke , " Shoifot says .
One reason he felt that way : none of the patents - in - suit — U.S. Patents 6,542,936 , 6,018,774 and 6,871,231 — were issued until 2000 , two years after Fotki.com began operations .
" We had this business running in 1998 .
Not a concept , not an idea , not a ' would n't - it - be - cool to do that , ' but an actual business in 1998 . "
Still , Shoifot knows he ’s in a serious bind .
His business is at risk of paying heavy penalties — and possibly being shut down — because it relies on " metadata " technology that enables functions like tagging and commenting .
FotoMedia Technologies , a patent - holding company with offices in New Hampshire and North Carolina , claims patents it owns give it exclusive control over certain uses of such features , and has asked a federal judge to shut down Fotki.com and 62 other photo - sharing services unless they pay unspecified licensing fees .
TPA first covered these suits two weeks ago in the first installment of The Photo - Sharing Files .
For a guy who feels his business is being cramped by bogus lawsuits , Igor Shoifot comes across as an irrepressible optimist .
The 42 - year - old Russian immigrant , who runs the photo - sharing site Fotki.com out of a nondescript office building near San Francisco 's Fisherman 's
Wharf , laughs loudly and often at his predicament .
At a time when some of those lobbying Congress as part of the current patent - reform debate argue that strong patent protections are necessary to save jobs , some software entrepreneurs , including Shoifot , are ready to flee the U.S. because for them , patents are too strong already .
An Immigrant 's Story
Shoifot was born in Siberia and raised in Moscow .
He immigrated to New York in 1996 , driven , he says , by the corruption and lack of freedom in Russia .
" I always felt like I was American , not Russian , " he says .
He became a U.S. citizen in 2001 .
Once in New York , he wrote for a Russian - language newspaper , Russkaya Reklama .
It was while working for the paper that Shoifot met Dimitri Don , a programmer and photographer who had launched Fotki.com in 1998 .
When Shoifot joined the site , it had less than 20 users .
Fotki was hardly the first site of its kind .
Both Netscape and Kodak already had " online image " websites — the term " photo - sharing " was not yet in vogue — and other pioneering photo sites like Intel 's gatherround.com cropped up about the same time as Fotki .
Because photo - sharing was such an obvious idea , at least in concept , the creators behind many of these sites , including the Fotki founders , never thought to get patents .
As time passed , Fotki continued to grow in popularity , and after a few years Don was able to turn it into more than a hobby .
Shoifot , who got an MBA from Boston University in 1998 , helped his friend with the site while launching other startups related to digital video and VoIP technology .
In 2004 , Shoifot put aside his other projects to join Fotki full - time as the chief operating officer .
Later that year , Don returned to his native Estonia , where he was able to recruit workers from the tech - savvy but inexpensive labor force .
Today Fotki has about 20 employees in Estonia , and 5 in the United States , most of them programmers .
For Some , A Picture Perfect Fit
The industry that FotoMedia has sued is a diverse one , and smaller sites strive hard to differentiate themselves from another .
Fotki accomplishes this by making itself a perfect fit for photographers who want to tap their inner micro-manager .
Fotki users can control everything down to the smallest detail of how their photos are presented online .
Users who pay the $ 30 annual basic membership get unlimited storage , and can create as many albums as they want , each with its own specific settings for privacy , color , size , and presentation .
Each account also offers more than 100 options for customization .
It 's not a site for everyone , and does n't try to be .
" Honestly , it 's a site for geeks , " says Shoifot .
" Some people hate it , " he adds , shrugging cheerfully .
Fotki co-founder Igor Shoifot in the company 's San Francisco office .
Photo by J. Mullin .
Fotki places a strong emphasis on community , moderating discussion forums and hosting contests .
Community - building requires a lot of work , but it keeps the site fun for users and generates a lot of passion , says Shoifot .
Today , Fotki has 1.4 million users .
Several thousand of those are subscribers who pay $ 30 annually to have unlimited photo storage and use Fotki without seeing advertisements .
Fotki also makes money from selling printing services and photo - stamped swag like mugs and T - shirts .
The search features that help Fotki users interact with each other are as maniacally detailed as the site 's photo - display options .
If a Fotki user wants to meet , say , female Icelandic photographers in their 40s , the site responds with a drop - down list of provinces and cities to narrow the search .
Shoifot says the social connections created by Fotki users have led to countless friendships — and even a few marriages .
He demonstrates one of the site 's newer features , which allows users to put colorful " frames " around their photos .
" This is really cool , " says Shoifot , throwing up a flowery - themed frame around one of his own photos .
" I bet someday someone will patent this and take us to court , " he says .
Then he laughs again , irrepressible .
Caught in the Infringement Crosshairs
Now that he ’s confronting FotoMedia 's patents , Shoifot , like his fellow defendants , is having a hard time understanding exactly what those patents are supposed to cover .
In general terms , they describe the addition of " metadata " to , and the distribution of , digital images .
The metadata in question — tagging and keywords are two examples — represents just the latest iteration of what humans have always done with images , Shoifot notes .
Any description of a photograph could be considered " metadata " in one sense , he says : " Tagging is like taking a photo of a cat , pointing to it and saying ' cat ! ' "
FotoMedia first started filing lawsuits in 2007 , and launched a second round of litigation , against Fotki and dozens of other defendants , in May 2008 .
Then , in May , Fotki was sued for infringement a second time , in this instance by patent - holding company EasyWeb Technologies .
The FotoMedia litigation has already cost the company tens of thousands of dollars in legal fees , and has put Shoifot 's plans for new U.S. hires on hold .
If one of the suits end badly for Fotki , the company might choose to leave the U.S. entirely , since most of its employees are already based abroad .
" Quite frankly , one of the feelings my partner and I have is , screw it , " says Shoifot .
Since most of their operations are already in Estonia , if a court rules against Fotki , they might just move their U.S. operations to Canada .
A McKool Smith lawyer responded to an inquiry about TPA 's earlier FotoMedia story but declined to discuss the company 's infringement claims in detail .
The firm has not responded to follow - up interview requests .
FotoMedia is also represented by the Ward & Olivo patent litigation firm .
Fotki is represented by Joseph Zito of Washington D.C. Zito also represents one other defendant , New Jersey - based Phanfare.com .
" A Typical Russian Situation "
For Shoifot , being hit with a patent lawsuit from a company with no business beyond patent enforcement seems sinister , and he uses harsh language to describe his feelings about it .
" This is a typical Russian situation , " he says .
" In Russia , to do business , you have to bribe , you have to pay to the cops , you have to know the mafia .
If somebody had told me that 's how things are in America , I would have laughed .
I would have said , ' No way , not in America . '
It 's a free country , it 's based on freedom of ideas , and entrepreneurship .
Or at least I thought so . "
When I suggest that some of the features that differentiate Fotki from other photo - sharing sites could probably be patented , Shoifot agrees — but his smile drops away .
" We would n't do that , no way , " he says .
" That 's evil . "
The patent office is one American institution — venerated by many — that Shoifot has a fair amount of scorn for .
" To me , the whole idea of America is people come here , and invent something really awesome , and then they do it — they do n't just put it on paper and get their lawyers to submit it to the patent office . "
The lawsuit pending against Fotki is : FotoMedia Technologies , LLC v. American Greetings , Corp. , et al .
08-cv-00202 , E.D. Texas ( Marshall ) .
Filed 5/12/2008 .
Earlier coverage profiled Texas - based FotoTime , Inc .
See a full list of defendants on The Prior Art 's FotoMedia lawsuits page .
Top Image : Wikimedia / Peter80
Welcome to medieval - castle.com ....
in Europe were built over a period of more than 500 years - from around 1000 AD to 1550 AD .
Indeed they were built so well that many medieval castles ( or at the very least their ruins ) can still be seen today - a legacy that allows us the privilege of some truly tangible history .
Many people are fascinated by medieval castle history because so many castles are linked to major historical events including many medieval battles .
Others find medieval castle design of interest as it saw dramatic changes over the years - from early motte and bailey castle design through to large concentric castle building .
Indeed , medieval castle design probably reached its peak in the 14th century with the great castles of Wales built by King Edward I of England .
In the 500 or more years that medieval castles were built , architects displayed great ingenuity and working on castle plans effectively became a science ... read more
Local residents have strongly opposed the eco-town plans
The developers of a controversial eco-town in Warwickshire misled nearby residents about its potential benefits , the advertising watchdog has ruled .
The Advertising Standards Authority said there was insufficient evidence to back up the claims in a regional press advert for the Middle Quinton eco-town .
The developers , St Modwen and The Bird Group of Companies , said the town would create 4,700 jobs and 6,000 homes .
The firms said the figures came from reputable expert consultants .
The advert had said that the 258 - hectare site near Stratford - upon - Avon was planned for " under- used brownfield " land and that plans had been submitted for consideration by the the government .
It added that a £ 100 m investment for Middle Quinton 's infrastructure would include a new western bypass for Stratford .
' Factual certainties '
The ASA was contacted by Mid-Worcestershire MP Peter Luff , an opponent of the scheme , who said he doubted the developers would be able to substantiate those promises .
The two companies told the ASA they expected people would not have taken the points as " factual certainties " and could have changed as a result of any comments that came from the government .
However , the ASA upheld Mr Luff 's complaint and ordered that the advert must never reappear unless the companies could provide evidence to support the claims .
The watchdog found the term " brownfield " could mislead people as the site included woodland , water and agricultural land .
' Acted with integrity '
It said it was presented as a " factually absolute claim " that 4,700 jobs would be created , which it found misleading .
The ASA also said the claim Stratford 's western bypass would be built was not down to the companies to decide .
The two firms said they were disappointed the ASA had failed to appreciate the context of the advert which was designed to " communicate a ' vision ' of Middle Quinton " to the community .
John Dodds , Midlands regional director for St Modwen , said : " We believe we have acted with integrity and sought only to inform the public openly about our plans for the eco- town . "
The Middle Quinton development has been strongly opposed by some residents as well as celebrities including author Jilly Cooper and actor Dame Judi Dench .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Enable JavaScript to see the interactive map .
Total Eclipse of the Sun , USA — August 21 , 2017
On the 21st of August 2017 , the U.S.A. will be treated to a spectacular total solar eclipse which will cross the width of the US mainland from Oregon to South Carolina from 17:15:58 –18:49:12 UT .
This rare and spectacular event will be seen from a path of totality over 100 km ( 62.1 miles ) wide , and will give watchers close to the centreline an amazing 2 minutes or more of total eclipse .
A partial eclipse will be visible from the whole of North America and Hawaii , as well as northern South America .
The following pages provide more detail on exactly where to see this eclipse , and what the prospects for clear skies look like .
Do n't forget to select your preferred timezone for the timings here .
You might also want to check out the other sections of this site for information on what a solar eclipse is ; how to observe an eclipse ; and the science behind eclipses .
Safety First !
not safe to look at with the naked eye except during the few brief seconds or minutes of total eclipse , when the Sun itself is completely obscured by the Moon .
At all other times , and if you are outside of the path of the total eclipse , you must use proper solar viewing protection .
For more information , see A total solar eclipse isexcept during the few brief seconds or minutes of total eclipse , when the Sun itself is completely obscured by the Moon .
At all other times , and if you are outside of the path of the total eclipse , you must use proper solar viewing protection .
For more information , see our eye safety page
The Total Eclipse A comprehensive guide to the path of the total eclipse ; and where to stand for the best view !
This is the place to be if you can possibly make it .
The Partial Eclipse
Though not nearly as spectacular , if you only have a chance to see the partial eclipse , this page will help you with what you can see from where .
Weather Prospects
An analysis of the likely weather , and the chance for clear skies , along the eclipse path .
Data Page
The standard data page for this eclipse , with all the technical details .
This incredible eclipse is a wonderful event , but in fact the USA is blessed with total eclipses this century , seeing four total solar eclipses up to 2052 , and 11 in the century .
This is explained more on the USA Eclipse Bonanza page .
Warnings just are n't good enough .
That was the message delivered at a London conference today by a group of UK creative industries , which are demanding that ISPs start disconnecting users accused of repeated online copyright infringement .
But the response from ISPs was clear : the creative industries can just shut their collective pie-hole until they do a better job of licensing legal content .
Hey , Digital Britain , start disconnecting people !
Today 's push for tougher " graduated response " penalties is politically timed to put pressure on the government 's soon - to - be- released Digital Britain report ( read our coverage of the report 's interim conclusions ) .
That report will shape government policy on issues like graduated response , and early drafts have so far been in keeping with the government 's current approach —
Internet disconnection is off the table as a penalty .
It is our view that legislation on enforcement should only be introduced on the condition that the rights holder industry commits to significant licensing reform .
Previous UK studies have shown that a mere warning ( which strips away the veil of anonymity that many Internet users believe they enjoy ) is sufficient to stop the vast majority of illicit file - sharing .
The UK music business has essentially endorsed this approach in the past , signing a memorandum of understanding with the UK 's largest ISPs which saw warning letters sent to suspected infringers .
But , with the government poised to set policy in this area soon , the music and movie businesses have decided that there 's no harm in aiming for what they really want : mandated disconnections , like those just passed in France .
The thinking here seems to be that warnings would have an effect if backed by the threat of disconnection , but once every file - swapper in the UK knows that no penalties would follow the letters , effectiveness would plummet .
Revolt of the ISPs
But the ISPs are n't going quietly into that dark night .
In a statement , the Internet Service Providers ' Association ( ISPA ) said that it agreed with creative industry calls for " the safe and secure delivery of legal content . "
Getting access to this content remains difficult , though , and ISPA notes that " Internet companies remain extremely frustrated by the ongoing difficulties in securing licensing that is needed to offer consumers legal alternatives through new models of online content distribution .
It is our view that legislation on enforcement should only be introduced on the condition that the rights holder industry commits to significant licensing reform . "
Despite the apocalyptic figures released today by the creative industries ( 800,000 jobs could be lost !
Half the UK's Internet traffic is piratical ! ) , the industry 's own data shows that the situation is improving .
Last week , the RIAA 's research department sent
Ars new research showing that legal music services now exceed illegal ones in popularity for the first time .
US Internet users who download digital music ( % )
Data source : NPD
" An increasingly entrenched group of hardcore file sharers continue to trade even more files , " says the RIAA .
" That ’s predictable , and probably an audience that 's nearly impenetrable .
A more relevant barometer is the number of people using P2P as a share of Internet users , and that number , despite significant growth in both broadband penetration and legal downloading , has remained essentially flat for the past three years . "
This is obviously not an argument for doing nothing about the problem , but it does suggest that deeply controversial measures might not be necessary .
And , with the European Parliament adamantly opposed to nonjudicial Internet disconnections , tough graduated response penalties certainly qualify as " controversial . "
The movie and music industries deserve full credit for finally getting their act together and licensing new services that are hugely popular with consumers .
In the US , we have DRM - free iTunes , the Amazon store , Hulu , Netflix online streaming , Last.fm , eMusic , and others .
Europe has its own set of butt - kicking services , including the BBC iPlayer and Spotify .
Despite the work that has been done , though , the ISPs continue to insist that streamlined licensing and better business models will succeed better than turning Internet providers into cops .
And then there 's that pesky " evidence " that people get so hung up on .
" ISPA members have consistently explained that significant technological advances would be required if these measures are to reach a standard where they would be admissible as evidence in court , " said the group .
Given the problems with disconnection , the burgeoning growth of legal services , the European Parliament 's obvious intention to restrict the practice , and the UK government 's own resistance to disconnection , there 's a good chance that Digital Britain author Lord Carter wo n't be swayed by the latest round of lobbying .
On the other hand , the creative industries in Europe just pushed a 20 - year copyright term extension through the European Parliament in defiance of all academic evidence , so anything is still possible .
Minnesota may be forced to drop thousands of driving - while - impaired cases and change the way it prosecutes others in the wake of a state Supreme Court ruling Thursday , prosecutors and defense attorneys agreed .
The state ’s highest court ruled that defendants in drunken - driving cases have the right to make prosecutors turn over the computer “ source code ” that runs the Intoxilyzer breath - testing device to determine whether the device ’s results are reliable .
But there ’s a problem : Prosecutors can’t turn over the code because they do n’t have it .
The Kentucky company that makes the Intoxilyzer says the code is a trade secret and has refused to release it , thus complicating DWI prosecutions .
“ There ’s going to be significant difficulty to prosecutors across the state to getting convictions when we can’t utilize evidence to show the levels of the defendant ’s intoxication , ” said Dakota County Attorney James Backstrom .
“ In the short term , it ’s going to cause significant problems with holding offenders accountable because of this problem of not being able to obtain this source code . ”
Law enforcement officers can still have a motorist ’s blood - alcohol level determined through blood tests or urinalysis , but that option comes with a pricey , time - consuming caveat :
Most of those tests are done only in the lab run by the Minnesota Bureau of Criminal Apprehension in St. Paul .
“ The BCA labs are overwhelmed now with their current workload , and I ’m not sure they can handle doing blood and urinalysis tests in all DWI cases in Minnesota , ” said Backstrom .
“ It ’s going to be a big problem . ”
“ I think there ’s going to be a lot more blood and urine tests asked for , ” said Derek Patrin , an attorney involved in the cases decided by the Supreme Court .
“ And that will back up the BCA .
They ’re short - staffed already , and with the budget crisis we ’ve got already , well , that ’s one of the reasons they wanted to use the Intoxilyzer in the first place .
It was inexpensive to use . ”
Andy Skoogman , a spokesman for the Department of Public Safety , the BCA ’s parent agency , said officials there felt it was “ premature ” to stop using the Intoxilyzer .
But he said the lab would be able to handle the workload if police agencies switched to blood tests and urinalyses .
“ The BCA will make adjustments , ” he said .
“ We ’ll look at retraining staff and perhaps look at purchasing more test kits until this situation is resolved . ”
The Intoxilyzer 5000EN is the standard device used by Minnesota police to determine if a driver is impaired .
The state bought 260 of the machines from the manufacturer , CMI of Kentucky , in 1997 , and state law presumes the devices ’ results to be reliable .
The device is used with nearly eight of every 10 suspected drunken drivers who are tested in Minnesota .
But defense attorneys have argued that if they ca n’t examine the source code , the computer program that runs the machine , they have no way to tell if the Intoxilyzer is reliable .
District judges across Minnesota have handled defense requests for the source code with a patchwork of rulings :
Some say a defendant has a right to examine it ; others say it is n’t relevant .
The Supreme Court ’s ruling came in two driving - while - impaired cases that Backstrom ’s office prosecuted .
In each , district judges ordered that the source code be turned over to the defendants , but when Backstrom appealed to the Minnesota Court of Appeals , the rulings were overturned .
The appeals court said the defendants had n’t shown why getting the source code was relevant to their guilt or innocence .
But the Supreme Court said that at least one of those defendants showed that the code was relevant .
The court noted in its 18 - page ruling a list of evidence that defense attorneys may now use as a blueprint to request the source code .
Police had stopped the defendant , Timothy Arlen Brunner , 38 , of Farmington , in July 2007 and the Intoxilyzer showed his blood - alcohol content was 0.18 .
Minnesota law presumes that a driver with a concentration greater than 0.08 is impaired .
Patrin , his attorney , asked a district judge to order prosecutors to turn over the source code .
He accompanied his request with a memorandum and nine exhibits .
Among them : a computer science professor ’s testimony that defects had been found in the code used in voting machines , as well as a report saying problems had been found in the code used in the breath - testing machine used by police in New Jersey .
The Supreme Court said Brunner ’s submissions “ show that an analysis of the source code may reveal deficiencies that could challenge the reliability of the Intoxilyzer and , in turn , would relate to Brunner ’s guilt or innocence . ”
Skoogman , the Department of Public Safety spokesman , said the agency was disappointed in the ruling .
“ We feel it is premature at this stage of the game for our law enforcement partners to test for only blood and urine , ” Skoogman said .
“ We continue to stand by the Intoxilyzer and the accuracy of the test results .
Our message to law enforcement is to stay the course at this point as we examine our options . ”
The state ’s access to the source code is the subject of a separate lawsuit in U.S. District Court .
Hearings are scheduled in the case May 22 and June 4 .
Backstrom said the source code issue would haunt prosecutors until it is resolved , and the Supreme Court decision makes things worse .
“ I believe that this decision is a significant setback to law enforcement ’s ability to protect our communities from drunk driving , at least in the short term , ” he said .
“ We ’re not going to be able to use the Intoxilyzer machine until we get the source code . ”
David Hanners can be reached at 612-338-6516 .
You know how some jerk in a water gun fight always cheats by grabbing the hose ?
Well , this pilot could totally beat that guy at his own game .
Advertisement
Click to view [ via gizmowatch ]
UPDATE : According to The Telegraph , the device is called the JetLev-Flyer .
It runs $ 227,000 and can be purchased here .
Iranians do not need or want us to teach them about liberty and representative government .
They have long embodied this struggle .
It is we who need to be taught .
It was Washington that orchestrated the 1953 coup to topple Iran ’s democratically elected government , the first in the Middle East , and install the compliant shah in power .
It was Washington that forced Prime Minister Mohammed Mossadegh , a man who cared as much for his country as he did for the rule of law and democracy , to spend the rest of his life under house arrest .
We gave to the Iranian people the corrupt regime of the shah and his savage secret police and the primitive clerics that rose out of the swamp of the dictator ’s Iran .
Iranians know they once had a democracy until we took it away .
The fundamental problem in the Middle East is not a degenerate and corrupt Islam .
The fundamental problem is a degenerate and corrupt Christendom .
We have not brought freedom and democracy and enlightenment to the Muslim world .
We have brought the opposite .
We have used the iron fist of the American military to implant our oil companies in Iraq , occupy Afghanistan and ensure that the region is submissive and cowed .
We have supported a government in Israel that has carried out egregious war crimes in Lebanon and Gaza and is daily stealing ever greater portions of Palestinian land .
We have established a network of military bases , some the size of small cities , in Iraq , Afghanistan , Saudi Arabia , Turkey and Kuwait , and we have secured basing rights in the Gulf states of Bahrain , Qatar , Oman and the United Arab Emirates .
We have expanded our military operations to Uzbekistan , Pakistan , Kyrgyzstan , Tajikistan , Egypt , Algeria and Yemen .
And no one naively believes , except perhaps us , that we have any intention of leaving .
We are the biggest problem in the Middle East .
We have through our cruelty and violence created and legitimized the Mahmoud Ahmadinejads and the Osama bin Ladens .
The longer we lurch around the region dropping iron fragmentation bombs and seizing Muslim land the more these monsters , reflections of our own distorted image , will proliferate .
The theologian Reinhold Niebuhr wrote , “ Perhaps the most significant moral characteristic of a nation is its hypocrisy . ”
But our hypocrisy no longer fools anyone but ourselves .
It will ensure our imperial and economic collapse .
The history of modern Iran is the history of a people battling tyranny .
These tyrants were almost always propped up and funded by foreign powers .
This suppression and distortion of legitimate democratic movements over the decades resulted in the 1979 revolution that brought the Iranian clerics to power , unleashing another tragic cycle of Iranian resistance .
“ The central story of Iran over the last 200 years has been national humiliation at the hands of foreign powers who have subjugated and looted the country , ” Stephen Kinzer , the author of “ All the Shah ’s Men : An American Coup and the Roots of Middle East Terror , ” told me .
“ For a long time the perpetrators were the British and Russians .
Beginning in 1953 , the United States began taking over that role .
In that year , the American and British secret services overthrew an elected government , wiped away Iranian democracy , and set the country on the path to dictatorship . ”
“ Then , in the 1980s , the U.S. sided with Saddam Hussein in the Iran - Iraq war , providing him with military equipment and intelligence that helped make it possible for his army to kill hundreds of thousands of Iranians , ” Kinzer said .
“ Given this history , the moral credibility of the U.S. to pose as a promoter of democracy in Iran is close to nil .
Especially ludicrous is the sight of people in Washington calling for intervention on behalf of democracy in Iran when just last year they were calling for the bombing of Iran .
If they had had their way then , many of the brave protesters on the streets of Tehran today — the ones they hold up as heroes of democracy — would be dead now . ”
Washington has never recovered from the loss of Iran — something our intelligence services never saw coming .
The overthrow of the shah , the humiliation of the embassy hostages , the laborious piecing together of tiny shreds of paper from classified embassy documents to expose America ’s venal role in thwarting democratic movements in Iran and the region , allowed the outside world to see the dark heart of the American empire .
Washington has demonized Iran ever since , painting it as an irrational and barbaric country filled with primitive , religious zealots .
But Iranians , as these street protests illustrate , have proved in recent years far more courageous in the defense of democracy than most Americans .
Where were we when our election was stolen from us in 2000 by Republican operatives and a Supreme Court that overturned all legal precedent to anoint George W. Bush president ?
Did tens of thousands of us fill the squares of our major cities and denounce the fraud ?
Did we mobilize day after day to restore transparency and accountability to our election process ?
Did we fight back with the same courage and tenacity as the citizens of Iran ?
Did Al
Gore defy the power elite and , as opposition candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi has done , demand a recount at the risk of being killed ?
President Obama retreated in his Cairo speech into our spectacular moral nihilism , suggesting that our crimes matched the crimes of Iran , that there is , in his words , “ a tumultuous history between us . ”
He went on : “ In the middle of the Cold War , the United States played a role in the overthrow of a democratically elected Iranian government .
Since the Islamic Revolution , Iran has played a role in acts of hostage - taking and violence against U.S. troops and civilians . ”
It all , he seemed to say , balances out .
I am no friend of the Iranian regime , which helped create and arm Hezbollah , is certainly meddling in Iraq , has persecuted human rights activists , gays , women and religious and ethnic minorities , embraces racism and intolerance and uses its power to deny popular will .
But I do not remember Iran orchestrating a coup in the United States to replace an elected government with a brutal dictator who for decades persecuted , assassinated and imprisoned democracy activists .
I do not remember Iran arming and funding a neighboring state to wage war against our country .
Iran never shot down one of our passenger jets as did the USS Vincennes — caustically nicknamed Robocruiser by the crews of other American vessels — when in June 1988 it fired missiles at an Airbus filled with Iranian civilians , killing everyone on board .
Iran is not sponsoring terrorism within the United States , as our intelligence services currently do in Iran .
The attacks on Iranian soil include suicide bombings , kidnappings , beheadings , sabotage and “ targeted assassinations ” of government officials , scientists and other Iranian leaders .
What would we do if the situation was reversed ?
How would we react if Iran carried out these policies against us ?
We are , and have long been , the primary engine for radicalism in the Middle East .
The greatest favor we can do for democracy activists in Iran , as well as in Iraq , Afghanistan , the Gulf and the dictatorships that dot North Africa , is withdraw our troops from the region and begin to speak to Iranians and the rest of the Muslim world in the civilized language of diplomacy , respect and mutual interests .
The longer we cling to the doomed doctrine of permanent war the more we give credibility to the extremists who need , indeed yearn for , an enemy that speaks in their crude slogans of nationalist cant and violence .
The louder the Israelis and their idiot allies in Washington call for the bombing of Iran to thwart its nuclear ambitions , the happier are the bankrupt clerics who are ordering the beating and murder of demonstrators .
We may laugh when crowds supporting Ahmadinejad call us “ the Great Satan , ” but there is a very palpable reality that has informed the terrible algebra of their hatred .
Our intoxication with our military prowess blinds us to all possibilities of hope and mutual cooperation .
It was Mohammed Khatami , the president of Iran from 1997 to 2005 — perhaps the only honorable Middle East leader of our time — whose refusal to countenance violence by his own supporters led to the demise of his lofty “ civil society ” at the hands of more ruthless , less scrupulous opponents .
It was Khatami who proclaimed that “ the death of even one Jew is a crime . ”
And we sputtered back to this great and civilized man the primitive slogans of all deformed militarists .
We were captive , as all bigots are , to our demons , and could not hear any sound but our own shouting .
It is time to banish these demons .
It is time to stand not with the helmeted goons who beat protesters , not with those in the Pentagon who make endless wars , but with the unarmed demonstrators in Iran who daily show us what we must become .
The fight of the Iranian people is our fight .
And , perhaps for the first time , we can match our actions to our ideals .
We have no right under post - Nuremberg laws to occupy Iraq or Afghanistan .
These occupations are defined by these statutes as criminal “ wars of aggression . ”
They are war crimes .
We have no right to use force , including the state - sponsored terrorism we unleash on Iran , to turn the Middle East into a private gas station for our large oil companies .
We have no right to empower Israel ’s continuing occupation of Palestine , a flagrant violation of international law .
The resistance you see in Iran will not end until Iranians , and all those burdened with repression in the Middle East , free themselves from the tyranny that comes from within and without .
Let us , for once , be on the side of those who share our democratic ideals .
In the fall of 2005 , the Dalai Lama gave the inaugural Dialogues between Neuroscience and Society lecture at the Annual Meeting of the Society for Neuroscience in Washington , DC .
There were over 30,000 neuroscientists registered for the meeting , and it seemed as if most of them attended the talk .
The Dalai Lama ’s address was designed to highlight the areas of convergence between neuroscience and Buddhist thought about the mind , and to many in the audience he clearly achieved his objective .
There was some controversy over his being invited to deliver this lecture insofar as he is both a head of state and a religious leader , and for that reason he largely stuck to his prepared text .
But he strayed from the text at least once , reminding the audience that not only was he a Buddhist monk but also an enthusiastic proponent of modern technology .
Elaborating , he shared a confidence with the audience , telling the audience of scientists that meditating was hard work for him ( even though he meditates for 4 hours every morning ) , and that if neuroscientists were able to find a way to put electrodes in his brain and provide him with the same outcome as he gets from meditating , he would be an enthusiastic volunteer .
It turns out that a recent set of experiments , from researchers at MIT and Stanford , moves us a step closer to making his wish a reality .
The Dalai Lama ’s interest in neuroscience has been reciprocated by at least some members of the neuroscience community .
Reasoning that studying the brains of people who meditate might lead to novel insights about the human brain , investigations of long - term meditators has been fertile ground for scientific investigation , with some of the more rigorous work emerging from Richard Davidson ’s laboratory at the University of Wisconsin .
From the perspective of neuroscience , meditation can be characterized as a series of mental exercises by which one strengthens one ’s control over the workings of their own brain .
The simplest of these meditation practices is ‘ focused attention ’ where one concentrates on a single object , for example one ’s breath .
When expert meditators practiced focused attention meditation , demonstrable changes were seen using fMRI in the networks of the brain that are known to modulate attention .
A second set of experiments studied long - term meditators practicing ‘ open monitoring meditation ’ , a more advanced meditation practice which in many ways is a form of metacognition : the objective is not to focus one ’s attention but rather to use one ’s brain to monitor the universe of mental experience without directing attention to any one task .
The unexpected result of this experiment was that the EEG of long - term meditators exhibited much more gamma - synchrony than that of naive meditators .
Moreover , normally human brains produce only short bursts of gamma-synchrony .
What was most remarkable about this study was that long - term meditators were able to produce sustained gamma-activity in a manner that had never previously been observed in any other human .
As such , sustained gamma activity has emerged as a proxy for at least some aspects of the meditative state .
Gamma Waves
But what causes gamma rhythm ?
And are there any potential benefits of sustained gamma-activity ?
The strongest hypothesis for the cellular mechanisms underlying generation of the gamma rhythm is that it is due to the activation of fast - spiking interneurons in the cerebral cortex .
In two new papers to be published in Nature , the laboratories of Christopher Moore and Li-Huei Tsai at MIT and Karl Deisseroth at Stanford tested this hypothesis directly .
The experimenters utilized optogenetics , developing custom - designed viruses to infect only the fast - spiking interneurons of either the prefrontal or barrel cortex in mice with genetically engineered , light - sensitive cation channels .
Then , they inserted fine optical fibers into the relevant region of the cortex , allowing light to be delivered to the infected neurons and thereby activating only the fast - spiking interneurons .
( In essence , this allowed them to switch particular brain cells on and off . )
In both experiments , selectively stimulating the fast - spiking interneurons evoked gamma oscillations , thereby confirming the hypothesis that these neurons drive the gamma rhythm .
It is hard to ignore the fact that the sustained gamma activity evoked in these mice was highly reminiscent of the type of electrical activity recorded from the long - time meditators practicing the elusive phenomenon known as open monitoring meditation .
That being said , despite the elegant experimental design utilized by the investigators , sustained gamma- activity is not identical to meditation .
For these reasons and more , it is doubtful that anyone would accept this experiment as satisfying the Dalai Lama ’s call to the neuroscience community to develop a technological replacement for the many hours spent immersed in contemplative thought .
But given the growing body of evidence which suggests that even short - term meditation improves measures of attention , these new experiments provide an interesting twist to the growing field of cognitive enhancement .
How long will it be before a new version of this technology is available for human consumption ?
It is hard to imagine anyone but the most ardent transhumanist signing up to have genetically engineered viruses and optical probes inserted into their brains .
But it is worth remembering that both deep brain stimulation and transcranial magnetic stimulation are rapidly moving from the laboratory to the clinic , and these represent relatively crude forms of brain stimulation .
The field of optogenetics is advancing very quickly ; one recent paper in Neuron demonstrated that neurons can be infected and optical fibers implanted safely in non-human primates .
At the very least , it is safe to say that the prospect of using advanced technology to mimic at least some of the brain activity present during meditation states has moved from the realm of science fiction to that of scientific possibility .
Are you a scientist ?
Have you recently read a peer - reviewed paper that you want to write about ?
Then contact Mind Matters editor Jonah Lehrer , the science writer behind the blog The Frontal Cortex and the book Proust Was a Neuroscientist .
His latest book is How We Decide .
Quatre des cinq parlementaires membres de la CNIL ont voté pour l’Hadopi .
Et tous ont suivis les consignes de vote de leurs partis … alors même que la CNIL avait pourtant émis de vives critiques à l’encontre du projet de loi Création et internet .
Quid , dès lors , de l’indépendance de cette « autorité administrative indépendante » ?
En mars dernier , le Canard Enchaîné relevait que les cinq “ personnalités qualifiées ” censées renouveler le staff des « commissaires » de la Commission nationale de l’informatique et des libertés ( CNIL ) , « sont toutes UMP ou apparentées « , ce qui portait « à 11 sur 17 les membres de la Commission d’avance acquis aux positions du gouvernement ».
Taquin , le palmipède de papier se permettait d’ironiser : « Pratique , non ? »
J ’en avais parlé dans un billet , « La CNIL vire à droite ; mais que fait le PS ? « , où je notais ( avec le mauvais esprit qui sied à tout blogueur ) que sur les cinq commissaires par ailleurs parlementaires , quatre étaient de droite , et que le sénateur que le Parti socialiste avait pour sa part désigné semblait autant s’y connaître en matière d’informatique et de libertés que je m’y connais en matière de « caisse nationale de retraite des agents des collectivités locales » ( dont Claude Domeizel , ledit sénateur - des Alpes de Haute - Provence - , est le président ) .
Le Canard enfonçait le clou , la semaine passée , en notant qu’Alex Türk , le président de la CNIL , avait voté pour l’Hadopi , alors même que la CNIL venait précisément de se répandre dans la presse pour rappeler qu’elle avait émis de très vives réserves , et critiques , à l’encontre du projet de loi « Création et Internet » ( voir « La CNIL tacle l’Hadopi , son président la vote « ) .
Le problème ( relevé par la quasi - totalité des journalistes ès - internet et des blogueurs ) est d’autant plus grave que , censée sauver les artistes et industriels de la culture , l ’Hadopi renverse aussi et surtout la charge de la preuve , et fait de tout internaute un suspect en puissance , à qui il revient de démontrer son innocence , en violation flagrante des principes fondamentaux de tout Etat de droit , et a fortiori de toute démocratie .
Les godillots de la CNIL
Contrairement à ce que l’article du Canard Enchaîné pouvait laisser penser , Alex Türk , président de la CNIL mais aussi sénateur du Nord ( ancien RPR , aujourd ’ hui non-inscrit ) , n’est pas le seul parlementaire , par ailleurs commissaire de la CNIL , à avoir docilement voté pour l’Hadopi , que la CNIL avait par ailleurs contestée .
Jean - Paul Amoudry , sénateur ( centriste ) de la Haute - Savoie , a lui aussi voté pour , tout comme , à l’Assemblée nationale , Philippe Gosselin , député ( UMP ) de la Manche , et Sébastien Huyghe , député ( lui aussi UMP ) du Nord .
Seul Claude Domeizel , ledit sénateur ( PS ) des Alpes de Haute - Provence , a voté contre ( leurs photos , dans l’ordre ) .
En tout état de cause , ils ont donc tous voté conformément aux consignes de vote de leurs partis .
Ce qui pose , bien évidemment , le problème de l’indépendance de la CNIL , l’une des 16 autorités administratives indépendantes reconnues par la loi et dont les membres , en vertu de son article 21 , « ne reçoivent d’instruction d’aucune autorité « .
Certes , un parti politique n’est pas une « autorité « .
Mais quid de l’indépendance des commissaires de la CNIL dès lors que les parlementaires qui y siègent votent , non pas tant en fonction de ce qu’ils défendent par ailleurs en tant que membres de la CNIL , mais en tant que députés godillots de leurs partis ?
En commentaire de mon précédent billet , Somni notait ainsi qu ' » il faudrait d’abord que cesse cette anomalie , supprimer la possibilité pour un parlementaire en exercice de présider une autorité administrative indépendante .
Ensuite , seuls des magistrats de l’ordre judiciaire ou des conseillers d’Etat devraient assumer cette fonction pour ce qui concerne la CNIL « .
Le commentaire d’Alcyd était encore plus retors , et pertinent :
« À lire les extraits de l’article du canard et certains commentaires , on a l ’impression que M. Türk a commis une trahison sans nom .
Pourtant , lorsqu’il siège — et vote — au palais du Luxembourg , c’est en tant que sénateur du Nord , et pas en tant que président de la CNIL .
La signature du président sur un rapport n’implique pas qu’il partage les idées qui y sont mentionnées , mais simplement que le rapport a reçu l’approbation de la Commission , pas de son président .
J’imagine d’ailleurs assez bien que l’on se serait félicités si la situation avait été inversée , si la Commission avait rendu un avis favorable à l’HADOPI et que M. Türk avait voté contre — et , selon moi , on aurait eu raison .
Mais personnellement , je trouve ça plutôt rassurant que la CNIL soit encore capable de rendre un rapport en contradiction avec les idées de son président . »
On pourrait certes se féliciter d’une telle divergence d’opinions entre la CNIL et son président .
Sauf qu’en l’espèce , si la CNIL a bien osé émettre un avis divergent de celui du gouvernement - sachant par ailleurs que celui- ci n’est plus du tout tenu de suivre les avis de la CNIL ( mieux vaut le savoir que d’être sourd ) - , ses commissaires , en tant que parlementaires , ont par contre et bel et bien suivis les consignes de leurs partis , le doigt sur la couture de leurs pantalons , et sans jamais participer au débat -à une exception , notable s’il en est , et qui fera d’ailleurs l’objet d’un prochain billet .
Business as usual in China would lead to 2.7C rise by 2050 even if all other countries slash emissions , says energy assistant
China alone could bring world to brink of climate calamity , claims US official
China must be far more ambitious in tackling climate change if the international community wants to prevent calamitous levels of global warming , a senior US official told counterparts in Beijing today .
David Sandalow , assistant secretary of state for energy , said the continuation of business as usual in China would result in a 2.7C rise in global temperatures by 2050 even if every other country slashed greenhouse gas emissions by 80 % .
" China can and will need to do much more if the world is going to have any hope of containing climate change , " said Sandalow , who is in Beijing as part of a high - level negotiating team that aims to find common ground ahead of the crucial Copenhagen summit at the end of this year .
No effective deal will be possible without the US and China , which together account for almost half of the planet 's carbon emissions .
Since Barack Obama entered the White House , hopes for a closer working relationship on climate change have surged along with a softening of rhetoric , but the official negotiating positions of the two sides remain far apart .
Before arriving for this week 's talks , Todd Stern , the head of the US delegation , said China and other developing nations are not doing enough and " need to take significant national actions that they commit to , internationally , that they quantify . "
China 's position paper says the US and other nations that industrialised earlier should cut emissions by 40 % between 1990 and 2020 , as well as paying 1 % of their GDP to help poorer nations deal with the consequences and causes of climate change .
But behind the scenes , there is scope for compromise on the transfer of clean - carbon technologies by the US and a commitment by China to scale back its emissions relative to economic growth .
In the coming weeks , the government in Beijing is expected to boost its climate credentials with a massive investment in wind , solar , nuclear and other forms of renewable energy .
Sandalow said China deserves credit for the effort it has already made , but he warned that there was mistrust on both sides that should not be allowed to derail the negotiating process .
Last week China 's state - controlled Xinhua News Agency said the US position made it difficult to be optimistic about the prospects for a deal in Copenhagen .
" The key to getting negotiation results will be that the few developed countries do not shift blame on others and reduce emissions first , " it said .
No details of this week 's talks have been made public , but the Chinese Foreign Ministry described the meetings between Stern and deputy prime minister , Li Keqiang as constructive .
The sides agreed to " push forward the Copenhagen climate change conference to yield positive results , " foreign ministry spokesman Qin Gang said .
Regardless of the outcome of the negotiations , the Chinese government aims to move towards a low - carbon economy in its next five year plan , starting from 2011 .
" We must incorporate addressing climate change and reducing the intensity of carbon dioxide emissions into national economic and social development plans , " said the summary of a meeting on energy and climate change issues chaired by Premier Wen Jiabao last Friday , according to the central government website .
But even with the shift to renewables , clean car technology and ecologically friendly urban planning , China 's overall emissions are not expected to drop for many years .
The most optimistic scenario suggests 2020 may be a peak , but the majority of scholars and government officials do not think carbon consumption in China will fall until at least 2030 .
By Matt McGrath
BBC environment reporter
Water levels in some of the world 's most important rivers have declined significantly over the past 50 years , US researchers say .
They say the reduced flows are linked to climate change and will have a major impact as the human population grows .
The only area with a significant increase in water flows was the Arctic due to a greater snow and ice melting .
The study was published in the American Meteorological Society 's ( AMS ) Journal of Climate .
Rainfall patterns ' altered '
From the Yellow river in northern China to the Ganges in India to the Colorado river in the United States - the US scientists say that the major sources of fresh water for much of the world 's population are in decline .
The researchers analysed water flows in more than 900 rivers over a 50 - year period to 2004 .
They found that there was an overall decline in the amount of water flowing into the world 's oceans .
Much of the reduction has been caused by human activities such as the building of dams and the diversion of water for agriculture .
But the researchers highlighted the contribution of climate change , saying that rising temperatures were altering rainfall patterns and increasing rates of evaporation .
The authors say they are concerned that the decline in freshwater sources will continue with serious repercussions for a growing global population .
While some major rivers , including the Brahmaputra in South Asia and the Yangtze in China , have larger water flows , there is concern that the increased volume comes from the melting of glaciers in the Himalayas .
This means that in future these rivers might decline significantly as the glaciers disappear .
Google Street View is Google 's map service where you can see photos taken on the street in a number of areas around the world .
With a car with a camera on the roof they drive around and continually take pictures .
In a news conference Wednesday Google revealed that the car will come to Norway on Thursday , wrote DinSide.no .
Oslo and Bergen will be the two first cities that will be photographed .
Google does not want to reveal the time and duration , but say that it can take months to cover just one city , with changes depending on weather and traffic .
After the images are collected there is also a process where Google takes out faces and licence plates .
The cameras only take pictures that anyone could take , and do not move into restricted areas , walkways , etc .
Communications manager for Google Norway , Thomas Jensen , said to DinSide that Street View is cleared in advance with the authorities , and that Google has not encountered any resistance here in the country .
Great news - we get to see what Norway looks like from the street very soon .
NRK . no has an article here on Google 's plans .
The article it references from DinSide . no is here .
Most of the comments below the article there are pleased with Google 's car coming to the two cities and hope that the cities will be as clean as possible over the next while in order to look nice to the rest of the world .
It 's spring now so the cities should look quite nice once they 're processed and available online ... unless the so - called russetiden ( graduation ) from 1 to 17 May ruins everything ( as some other commenters have written ) .
Here 's what Wikipedia has on some of the activities during that time :
The knots on the string of the russ ' cap are a wide variety of rewards signalling that the student has fulfilled a certain accomplishment during the russ period .
They can be simple knots or tokens attached to the string .
Lists of assignments and associated knots are publicized each year by russ committees at schools and communities .
The knot often consists of an item representing the accomplishment .
For instance , passing through the back seat of a car stopping on a red light ( inspired by the television advertisement for the sweet Menthos ) , earns you a piece of wrapping from the sweet .
The russ knot list was first introduced in the 1940s .
The knot rules are sometimes criticized because they can involve illegal acts , such as public nudity or public sexual intercourse , outright assault and possibly self - harming actions such as consuming large amounts of alcohol in a short span of time ( earning a beer cap or wine cork ) .
Other more benign tasks exist , such as putting a for sale sign on a police car , kissing a person of the same sex ( pink feather ) , or spending the night at a teacher 's house and making him / her breakfast in the morning , all without being noticed .
Counting both national and local lists , there can be hundreds of different tasks that can be performed to gain knots , with huge varieties between districts and individual schools .
( http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article1015772.ece)
A few russ knot examples : Spending a night in a tree ( earns a stick from the tree )
Eating a Big Mac in two bites ( earns a piece of the wrapping )
Drinking a bottle of wine in 20 minutes ( earns the wine cork )
Crawling through a super market while barking and biting customers ' legs ( earns a dog biscuit )
Spending a school day crawling on hands and knees ( earns a toy shoe )
Spending the entire russ period sober ( earns a fizzy drink cork )
( New ) getting into the U.S. tactical asylum ( earns an American flag )
( New ) egging U.S. forces in the tactical asylum ( earns a dozen eggs , usually for more egging ) .
The most popular comment below is this one : Horer , narkomane og tiggere !
Velkommen til Norge .
Chinese people surfing the internet in Beijing , 2007 .
China has installed a secure operating system known as " Kylin " on government and military computers designed to be impenetrable to US military and intelligence agencies , The Washington Times reported .
China has installed a secure operating system known as " Kylin " on government and military computers designed to be impenetrable to US military and intelligence agencies , The Washington Times reported on Tuesday .
The newspaper said the existence of the secure operating system was disclosed to Congress during recent hearings which included new details on how China 's government is preparing to wage cyberwarfare with the United States .
Kevin Coleman , a private security specialist who discussed Kylin during the April 30 hearing of the US - China Economic and Security Review Commission , said its deployment is significant because it has " hardened " key Chinese servers .
Coleman told the Times that Kylin has been under development since 2001 and the first Chinese computers to use it are government and military servers that were converted beginning in 2007 .
" This action also made our offensive cybercapabilities ineffective against them , given the cyberweapons were designed to be used against Linux , UNIX and Windows , " he said , citing three popular computer operating systems .
The newspaper said US offensive cyberwar capabilities have been mainly focused on getting into Chinese government and military computers outfitted with less secure operating systems like Microsoft 's Windows .
Coleman said Chinese state or state - affiliated entities are on a wartime footing in seeking electronic information from the US government , contractors and industrial computer networks .
The Chinese have also developed a secure microprocessor that , unlike US - made chips , is known to be hardened against external access by a hacker or automated malicious software , Coleman said .
" If you add a hardened microchip and a hardened operating system , that makes a really good solid platform for defending infrastructure , " he said .
" In the cyberarena , China is playing chess while we 're playing checkers , " Coleman said , adding that China is equal to the United States and Russia in military cyberwarfare .
" This is a three - horse race , and it is a dead heat , " he said .
The US - China Economic and Security Review Commission warned last year that China has developed a sophisticated cyber warfare program and stepped up its capacity to penetrate US computer networks to extract sensitive information .
" China is aggressively pursuing cyber warfare capabilities that may provide it with an asymmetric advantage against the United States , " the commission said in the report released in November .
China rejected the findings of the commission and has also dismissed more recent US newspaper reports that Chinese hackers were behind a cyber attack on computers linked to the Pentagon 's Joint Strike Fighter project .
( c ) 2009 AFP
RIO DE JANEIRO , Brazil ( CNN ) -- A 12 - mile oil slick near where an Air France jet crashed Monday into the Atlantic Ocean indicates the plane likely did n't break up until it hit the water , Brazil 's defense minister said Wednesday .
Image released by the Brazilian Air Force shows oil slicks in the water near a debris site .
If true , that would argue against an in - flight explosion as the cause of the crash of Air France Flight 447 , Defense Minister Nelson Jobim told reporters .
But Robert Francis , former vice chairman of the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board , said the question of determining where a plane broke up " is a very difficult one to deal with . "
He told CNN's " Anderson Cooper 360 " that " there are lots of things that cause a plane to go out of control . "
He added that extremely strong winds are not unusual near Brazil .
Pilots who fly over that part of the world keep track of radar and " are very , very wary about the weather as they go back and forth down in that area . "
Jobim said currents had strewn the debris widely and that the search area had been expanded to 300 square miles .
The Airbus A330 , carrying 228 people , went down about three hours after beginning what was to have been an 11 - hour flight from Rio de Janeiro to Paris , France .
No survivors have been found .
Map of Flight AF 447's flight path »
Investigators have not determined what caused the plane to crash .
The flight data recorders have not been recovered , and the plane 's crew did not send any messages indicating problems before the plane disappeared .
Watch as high seas hamper recovery »
The Brazilian Air Force said it found the oil slick and four debris fields Wednesday , but rain and rough seas kept searchers from plucking any of the debris from the water .
Among Wednesday 's finds were objects in a circular 5 - kilometer ( 3 - mile ) area , including one object with a diameter of 7 meters ( 23 feet ) and 10 other objects , some of which were metallic , Brazilian Air Force spokesman Jorge Amaral said .
Searchers had found two debris fields Tuesday and identified the wreckage as coming from Flight 447 .
The debris was found about 650 kilometers ( 400 miles ) northeast of the Fernando de Noronha Islands , an archipelago 355 kilometers ( 220 miles ) off the northeast coast of Brazil .
It included an airplane seat and an orange float .
Wednesday 's debris find was about 90 kilometers ( 56 miles ) south of Tuesday 's discoveries , Amaral said .
Eleven aircraft and five ships are engaged in the search , including airplanes from France and the United States .
Watch as experts question whether recovery is possible »
The NTSB said Wednesday it has accepted an invitation from the French aviation accident investigation authority , the Bureau d'Enquetes et d'Analyses , to aid in the investigation .
NTSB Acting Chairman Mark V. Rosenker has designated senior air safety investigator Bill English as the U.S. accredited representative .
The U.S. team will include technical advisers from the Federal Aviation Administration ; General Electric , which made the plane 's engines ; and Honeywell , which made the plane 's data recorders .
The aircraft 's computer system did send about four minutes of automated messages indicating a loss of cabin pressure and an electrical failure , officials have said .
Some investigators have noted that the plane flew through a severe lightning storm .
Foul play has not been ruled out .
Air France had received a bomb threat May 27 for a flight from Buenos Aires , Argentina , to Paris , sources in the Argentine military and police told CNN on Wednesday .
According to the officials , who had been briefed on the incident and declined to be identified because of the ongoing investigation , the Air France office in Buenos Aires received the threat from a man speaking Spanish .
Authorities checked the Boeing 777 and did not find anything .
Security was tightened during check - in for Flight 415 , which left on time and without incident , the officials said .
Although officials have said the likelihood of finding survivors of Flight 447's crash is small , authorities have not closed the door on the possibility .
" Until the aircraft is identified , and the remains indicate that survival is technically impossible , we will maintain the possibility that there could be survivors , " Amaral said .
The majority of the people on the flight came from Brazil , France and Germany .
The remaining victims were from 29 other countries , including three passengers from the United States .
French officials said Wednesday they may never find the jet 's flight data recorders .
The U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration estimates the ocean depth in the area at 3,000 meters ( about 9,840 feet ) to 7,500 meters ( 24,600 feet ) .
Brazilian officials have said the sea depth in the area is around 2,000 to 3,000 meters ( 6,562 to 9,842 feet ) .
" We need time to reach the recorders , " said Paul - Louis Arslanian , head of France 's accident investigation bureau .
The recorders are built to emit locator signals for up to 30 days .
The French government has sent a research vessel carrying a deep - diving submersible to where the debris was found .
" Recorders from time to time were found after the 30 days , but I 'm not so optimistic , " Arslanian said .
" It 's not only deep , it 's also very mountainous at that place of the ocean . "
But Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva expressed optimism that the flight data recorders would be found .
" I think that a country with the ability to retrieve oil from 6,000 meters ( 3.7 miles ) underwater can retrieve a plane from 2,000 meters ( 1.2 miles ) .
The truth is , we are going to see -- I 'm not a specialist and do n't want to give predictions of what will happen , " Lula said , according to the Brazilian state news agency .
A memorial for the victims of Flight AF 447 , which included 61 people from France , 58 Brazilians , 26 Germans and people from 29 other countries , took place Wednesday at the Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris .
Brazil has declared three days of mourning .
CNN correspondent John Zarrella in Rio de Janeiro and journalist Brian Byrnes from Buenos Aires contributed to this report .
All About Air France -KLM Group • Rio de Janeiro • Brazil • U.S. National Transportation Safety Board • France
I am a huge fan of musicals .
I love going to see shows at the theatre and have seen shows on the West End and Broadway .
So therefore I absoloutly adore movie versions of musicals .
I have decided to do a countdown of my current top 10 movie musicals .
I have actually found this list very hard to complete , as just having a top 10 was very difficult for me .
But I managed to get it sorted in the end , haha .
I kept remembering about different movies and probably will realise later that I have missed a favorite out .
But never mind , I could always re-do this list in a few months .
10 . My Fair Lady
It is the ultimate in musical , love stories and has a kind of you decide ending .
As it finishes with “ Ive Grown Accustomed to her face ” and the last line Henry Higgins asking where his slippers are .
I really do enjoy watching this as so many of the songs are well known and so memorable .
I think my favorite song from this musical is “ I could have danced all night ” mainly because I am sure every woman has felt that way at some point about a great night they have had .
It is always mentioned how shocked everyone was when Julie Andrews was not Eliza in the movie after doing so well on Broadway .
But I think the movie is sitll just fantastic .
9. Grease
It had to be in here somewhere .
Everyone loves Grease , its just so full of life and energy .
The songs are just great to sing - a- long too and just enjoy over and over again .
It is definatly one that I have grown up watching and think its just so full of life .
As with most musicals , it can really just put a smile on your face when your not having the best of days .
My favorite song from this , will probably come as a suprise as it is one of the more less talked about songs .
“ Worse things I could do ” is my favorite because its just so spot on about how life goes sometimes and how things could always be worse than they actually are , I think it is important to remember this .
So take a bow Stockard Channing for your role as Rizzo .
Who is just great !!!
8. Annie
Another of my ultimate favorites as a child .
I even used to do all of it at dancing .
So “ never fully dressed . . . ” has a special place in my heart as I can pretty much remember all of the moves to the dances we done for it , haha .
But this is another one where you cannot help but sing - a- long and just adore .
I always did love “ Easy Street ” because of Tim Curry as Rooster , I just adore Tim he is just brilliant .
I guess I have a more obvious favorite song from this one “ tomorrow ” as its teaching you that tomorrow is another day and its to start a fresh with a new day .
I think thats important to remember .
Carol Burnett is great as Miss Hanigan as well .
She deserves so much credit , she has such a distinctive voice .
I always loved Anne Reinkin too , never finding out for years how big she was on broadway and a close friend of Bob Fosse .
7. Evita
This is a difficult one to watch if you are not a big fan of musicals , as they sing all the way through .
All of what would be dialouge is sung .
I think this makes Evita different and memorable in that way .
Madonna was just perfect in the role as she could sing , her acting wasnt too bad either .
I have to admit that the first time I watched it I really did cry my eyes out , yes the ending is said clear at the start .
But “ You Must Love Me ” was just WOW and really did break my heart so well done to Madonna for that .
I really love how that was a new song for the movie , and it is now in the show .
Its such a moving song and my favorite from Evita .
6. Rent
I must admit that it took a few attempts at starting watching this movie before I managed to actually watch it all .
I found the start so confusing and had no idea what was going on .
But I was so glad when I eventually managed to watch it all of the way through .
I think it was great that most of the original cast were in the movie and think it says a lot of how the actors were percieved on Broadway .
It really was so well put together and well acted .
It was emotional and funny , and had a very serious subject matter of HIV and aids .
The music is just brilliant and the whole thing is just incredible .
My favorite song from this is “ take me or leave me ” I love the whole routine and the lyrics in the song .
The routine is great , love it when Maureen is on the table and takes off her jacket , its just brilliant .
Have to love “ seasons of love ” as well thats just so lovely .
I did cry the first time I watched this , thought it was so sad when Angel died .
5. Moulin Rouge
A new , different take on musicals .
Popular songs of the last 50 years placed into a love story . . . who would have thought it would work ?!?!!
But it really is spectacular , spectacularwith a great cast .
Jim Broadbent as Harlod is hilarious .
I never thought Nicole Kidman would be in a musical , but she was very good as Satine .
It is the ultimate love story this movie , with a very tragic ending .
My favorite song is the only original song in the whole thing and that is “ come what may ” the secret song .
I think its just so romantic and just lovely .
Its such a nice song to play at a wedding I reckon .
Another movie that had me crying at the end .
Yes I am very soft when it comes to sad movies .
4. Mary Poppins
Such a well known nanny , she is the best .
Practically perfect in every way .
Everyone knows Mary Poppins , and everyone loves Mary Poppins .
Who wouldnt want to jump into chalk paintings , ride a merry - go - round horse in a race , different flavored medicine , laugh on the celing and everything else that happens in Mary Poppins .
She is just magical .
So many great songs in this movie , it really is a family feel good movie .
Another musical to cheer you up when you are down .
I think my favorite song in this movie is “ lets go fly a kite ” as its so postivie and Mr Banks eventually spends time with his children and realises what is important in life , all thanks to Mary Poppins .
Julie Andrews is just perfect in this role .
This was also another of my childhood favorites .
3. Rocky Horror Picture Show
“ Give yourself over to absolute pleasure ” – that is how this movie is .
It really is just soooooo incredibly good and who would think it for at the time it was a B movie but some how became a cult classic and hit and loved by millions .
It has a massive following and at my first viewing I had to admit I thought it was very strange .
But after a few viewings I adored it and thought it was HOT and brilliant .
All thanks to Tim Curry , he is just incredible as Frank N Furter .
Susan Sarandon is Janet in what was one of her first roles .
It really is a very random concept of a musical but so fantastic .
Meat Loaf even makes an appearance too .
It is a rock n roll musical = the best .
2. The Sound of Music
What can I possibly say about one of the most loved musicals , movies and stories in the world .
Yeah that might be exaggerating it a bit but it really is well loved and I have loved it since I can remember .
Loved growing up with Maria and the Von Trapp children .
Its funny how as I got older I noticed different things about the movie .
Like in more recent times , the deep love story between Maria and the Captain is just perfect .
Especially “ Something Good ” which I probably didnt like too much when I was younger .
I think my favorite song from this has to be the title song “ the sound of music ” because I love the opening in the Austrian mountains and Maria spinning around I think everyone at some point has wanted to do that themselves .
1. Chicago ( 2002 )
This was when my real obsession with musicals started when I watched Chicago for the first time .
It was seeing Catherine Zeta Jones as Velma Kelly on the music video on a music channel on TV which encouraged me to watch the movie .
I mean “ All That Jazz ” is just an incredible song . . . and such an incredible opening to a musical .
“ Come on babe , why do n’t we paint the town . . . and ALL THAT JAZZ ” .
Which is now even one of my favorite ever songs .
It also made Catherine become one of my favorite actresses , and just adore her .
I love the whole cast and I dont have a song that I dislike in this movie at all .
I love it from start to finish , it is pretty close to perfect in my eyes .
If only “ Class ” hadnt been cut , that song is just brilliant .
But at least it is on the DVD !!!
" .recently-used.xbel " .
We need that folder for : when the system tries to generate the file again when you open any document , it cannot create it because there is a folder with the same name .
If you want to do it within a terminal :
cd /home / yourusername
rm .recently-used.xbel
mkdir .recently-used.xbel
Not a very pro way to do it , but it works .
One may think you can add a command to cron to remove that file every N minutes , but the recent documents will still appear until system restart ( or until you kill the Gnome panel ) so the method described in this post it much better .
[via when the system tries to generate the file again when you open any document , it cannot create it because there is a folder with the same name .
If you want to do it within a terminal :
Not a very pro way to do it , but it works .
One may think you can add a command to cron to remove that file every N minutes , but the recent documents will still appear until system restart ( or until you kill the Gnome panel ) so the method described in this post it much better .
[ via http://www.tuxapuntes.com
[ Linux - Gnome ]
There are people who find it annoying ( for privacy reasons ) that all documents , images , etc. that were recently accessed appear in the " Recent Documents " sub -menu of " Places " .
Here 's how to make them not show up .
In your personal folder ( eg : / home / yourname ) there is a file called What we need to do is delete this file , and create a folder with the same name .
FSM spotted over Statue of Liberty
I spotted FSM over the Statue of Liberty !
– Pastafarian John
Experience Bram Stoker 's Dracula in a new way -- in real time .
Dracula is an epistolary novel ( a novel written as a series of letters or diary entries , ) and this blog will publish each diary entry on the day that it was written by the narrator so that the audience may experience the drama as the characters would have .
FYI Jonathan Harker 's journal is somewhat sporadic ; there is not an entry every single day .
You may find yourself waiting a few days between entries .
Unless a specific time is noted in the journal , entries will post in the early a .m. so that you can enjoy them with your morning O negative , uh , I mean coffee .
Please subscribe to the RSS feed so you can follow each installment and read this novel in real time !
“ You get a building , and then you buy it , and then you get an endowment , and then the heavens open and the angels sing , ” said Clara Miller , president and chief executive of the national Nonprofit Finance Fund .
“ And at each one of those steps up that ladder to heaven you ’re actually becoming less flexible .
You ’re building more of a kind of organizational shell around yourself  which you may need , which may be the right kind of cradle for your mission .
But you may be really undermining your flexibility to change with the times . ”
Image  Bear Crown ,  a recent production at Dance Theater Workshop , which moved into its current home in 2002 .
Credit ... Andrea Mohin / The New York Times
Dance institutions have struggled to adapt to dwindling endowments and shrinking philanthropy .
Squeezed between uncertain revenue streams and high fixed costs , organizations like Dance Theater Workshop , Dance New Amsterdam and 3LD Art & Technology Center find themselves beyond their means .
Leaders of nonprofit groups say the economy has only worsened problems in an arts sector that is as overbuilt as the housing sector .
The cherished American belief that ownership guarantees security has been cruelly disproven for many , arts organizations as well as individuals , who bit off more than they could chew .
The situation is acute in New York ’s cutthroat real estate market , especially for an impoverished , space - hungry field like dance .
Eviction stories are legion , so it ’s no surprise that institutions are drawn to acquiring their own space .
And the involvement of many parties  the city , donors , foundations , architects and the organizations themselves  can affect the scale of a project .
“ Especially in New York City the capital process drives people into this artificial growth spurt , ” said Brian Rogers , director of operations for Dance Theater Workshop and the co-founder , with Sheila Lewandowski , of the Chocolate Factory , a multidisciplinary theater in Long Island City , Queens .
“ And when the city gets involved in the capital process , it becomes much more expensive than it has to be .
There ’s not enough people in the process saying , ‘ No , let ’s do this simpler . ’ ”
Random musings about whatever 's on my mind .
Earlier this week , I mused about the fact that folks keep identifying new Web services as Google killers , and keep being dead wrong .
Which got me to wondering :
How quickly did the world realize that Google would come to dominate Web search in a way that few businesses have ever been dominated ?
Did anyone know from the get go that it would whip AltaVista and other once - mighty sites ?
It ’s still surprisingly hard to search the Web for information from a particular time period .
But I found some early references to Google–mostly positive , and none of which were prescient enough to realize its implications .
I ’m not positive when Google was first live on the Web at large rather than just at Stanford University , but the earliest mention of it I stumbled across was this praise in a USENET group from November 28th , 1998 .
Everything it says about the search engine remains true to this day :
I just found GOOGLE , located at http://google.stanford.edu
And found it pretty darned reliable .
Type in a topic and click “ I ’m Feeling Lucky ” and have found it turns up the
most likely site most of the time .
I do n’t believe you have to register with the site , and it caches pages .
In December 1998 , PC Magazine was forward - looking enough to say nice things about Google and name it as one of the top 100 sites , although it regarded it as an experiment , not as one of life ’s necessities :
Here ’s your chance to search the Web and participate in high - level academic research at the same time .
Google ! is a Stanford University project designed to find the most relevant Web pages ( those with the most inbound links ) and run searches against them .
The 25 million pages currently catalogued seem to be good choices ; the site has an uncanny knack for returning extremely relevant results .
There ’s much more to come at Google ! , but even in its prototype form it ’s a great search engine .
( PC Mag ’s acknowledgement of Google ’s excellence came so early that it gave its URL as google .stanford.edu–an address that still works , although it no longer points to Google itself . )
In June of 1999 , a Cnet story on Web startups dwelled on a search company called Direct Hit , then mentioned Google briefly and dispassionately :
Another start - up working on improved search results is Google .
Google ’s technology resembles citation analysis , which ranks the importance of documents by how many times they are cited .
Google ranks search results based on how many sites link to them .
Google , founded last year by Stanford University computer science graduates Sergey Brin and Larry Page , is named for the word “ googol , ” which means 10 to the 100th power .
In July of 1999 , the Boston Globe reported on a study of various search engines ( story behind paywall ) which called Northern Light ( remember them ? no ? ) the most comprehensive one , and which treated Google as an also - ran :
Next after Northern Light were Snap and AltaVista , which covered 15.5 percent of the Web .
HotBot covered 11.3 percent ; Microsoft , 8.5 percent ; Infoseek , 8 percent ; Google , 7.8 percent ; Yahoo , 7.4 percent ; Excite , 5.6 percent ; Lycos , 2.5 percent , and Euroseek , 2.2 percent .
In August , the San Francisco Chronicle mentioned Google in a roundup of interesting search - related companies , but thought its cofounder was named Sergey Vrin :
“ There are a number of other companies like Excite and Infoseek and they have search components , but primarily , they are media companies , ” said Vrin .
Google is a no- frills search engine that aims to do one thing well .
Curiously enough , the first mention of Google in the New York Times seems to have occurred when designer Diane Von Furstenburg raved about it in September 1999 :
It ’s not officially out , but this is simply a great search engine .
It ’s quick .
It ’s fun to use .
I want to check on a movie , read about an actor , find out who directed a particular film , this is where I look .
It is very clever .
Also in September , BusinessWeek published a piece that praised Google but was also careful to adopt a skeptical approach about the notion that you could make a lot of money by focusing on search and selling ads :
But at a time when other popular search sites such as Yahoo ! , Excite , and Lycos have all morphed into diversified entertainment portals , is there really a future for a pure , advertising - supported search tool ?
In November , Sergey Brin participated in an online chat at the Washington Post ’s site , and was asked how Google intended to make money through focusing on search :
Leslie Walker : How does Google plan to make money ?
Unlike the other big search engines - most of which added a bevy of services and have become mini-AOLs rather than search services - your Web site has little more than a search box .
So where will your revenue come from ?
Sergey Brin : Leslie , have you visited our online t- shirt store ?
More seriously , we currently make money from cobranding with partners like Netscape and RedHat .
We also recently launched our ad program which is quite differentiated .
By December , the search engine had made TIME magazine ’s list of the top tech of the year , which is probably as good a benchmark of mainstream success as any :
GOOGLE.COM
With sites such as Yahoo , Infoseek and Excite constantly beefing themselves up into the online equivalent of mega-malls , it ’s refreshing to find a search engine that does nothing but search .
And search well .
Google ’s award - winning , commonsense approach nearly always seems to come up with exactly what you ’re looking for .
Another December piece , in Britain ’s The Independent , praised the Google home page for its simplicity :
The first thing that strikes visitors to Google ’s native home page is its simplicity ; all it offers is a field to enter a search term , and a couple of buttons .
Google provides no news , weather , stock quotes , horoscopes or free e-mail .
Even in May , 2000 , Google was still humble enough that a fanciful Slate piece could mock its name as sounding dopey–and no , I do n’t think the dismissive tone here was meant to be completely ironic :
A neighbor came over to complain about me cutting down trees in my yard and happened to see a Furboy in action .
He was an associate in marketing at “ Have you read our latest Polese release ? ” Marimba and was hoping to become the VP of marketing at google.com , another stupid - named company , and was meeting VCs , so to impress them he mentioned what he saw at my house ( can you believe VCs actually have spies ? ) .
Any lessons here ?
People are smart enough to recognize good stuff when they see it .
But they ’re not able to predict the unpredictable–and as good as Google was in 1998 and 1999 , it A ) was n’t as good as it would later become ; and B ) had n’t figured out how to turn high - quality search results into billions of dollars in advertising revenue .
A Google killer may well be out there even as we speak .
We may even be saying nice things about it .
But it would amaze me if we ’ve figured out yet that it ’s going to kill Google …
Read more :
Stephen Wolfram ’s new knowledge engine , Wolfram Alpha goes live today , providing a new kind of search for Internet users .
As a result , the Internets are alive with comments about how Alpha compares to Google .
But that ’s something you should n’t do .
I also typed in a date : May 31 , 1979 –long before the Internet was alive , so the search would n’t just trawl up simple weblinks written on a specific day .
Google provided a quick map of the area , a link to city - data.com for statistics , a link to Forbes ‘ “ Most Expensive Zip Codes ” list and other such results .
Wolfram Alpha provided a basic map , reeled off a hundred different stats down to the number of congressional districts in Beverly Hills and the total number of mail receptacles .
And right at the bottom of the results , it reported the current local time and weather : 16 ºC and overcast .
When I previously wrote about Wolfram Alpha , I described its potential as a “ fact computer ” and described how it intelligently trawls through a vast database of knowledge using algorithms to calculate its responses .
It works like the computer from Star Trek :
Ask it about an orbital calculation , and it ’ll respond–ask it if football fans like watching games on TV and it flounders .
From Wolfram Alpha
I could find out that that date was 29 years , 11 months and 18 days ago , that it was the 151st day in the 22nd week of 1979 and so on .
Google ’s first response was a Kakophone.com link which could tell me what was number one in the Billboard charts that day , or what won the Best Picture Oscar that year .
There was a link to the New York review of books edition issued on that day , and many news - related links after that .
And here ’s the killer query .
I actually did ask both services whether football fans like watching on TV .
Wolfram Alpha just balked at it , politely reporting it did n’t know “ what to do ” with the input , and suggested possible onward searches relating to eight other topics , including “ National Football League , ” “ Culture and Media ” and “ Socio Economic Data . ”
I suspect if you were diligent you could do some advanced data analysis using those onward tools and come up with a viewpoint in answer to the question .
Google ’s first response was a link to a story headlined “ People like to watch Alabama football on TV and in person . ”
And the results list was rich with opinion - based stories .
By reading through the linked sites , probably finding some viewer stats embedded in a few , and doing some of your own thinking , you ’d probably come up with the conclusion “ Yes , they do .
Very much . ”
That question is difficult , since it embodies a problem that is neither particularly statistical or fact based , and its response is highly subjective .
To solve that query is , in fact , beyond the ken of current technology , since it requires what ’s called “ soft ” analysis to synthesize different data into a coherent whole , and that ’s currently a skill reserved for the gray stuff between your ears .
That is , in fact , the point .
Wolfram Alpha and Google just are n’t the same–even with Google ’s recent and upcoming advanced search tweaks .
One is a precise and fact - based rich data source that can provide all the details on a fact you need–and more–very quickly , whereas the other is essentially a smart list of things that match the text of your query , covering a variety of angles from hard data to opinions , to imagery .
Alpha will be invaluable to scientists , technology writers , and when you need to know something detailed about a specific topic , event , or otherwise .
Google is useful for fuzzier answers , and when you just want to know what people are saying .
You have to do your own fuzzy grey matter - based analysis to determine which service will best provide the answer you need .
Michael Vick has discussed working with the Humane Society of the United States on a program aimed at eradicating dogfighting among urban teenagers , the society ’s president said .
Wayne Pacelle , the society ’s president , said he met with Vick recently in the federal prison in Leavenworth , Kan. , at Vick ’s request .
Vick left prison before dawn Wednesday after serving 19 months for his role in financing a dogfighting ring and headed to Hampton , Va. , to begin home confinement .
“ He said this experience has been a trauma and he ’s changed forever , ” Pacelle wrote on his blog on the Humane Society ’s Web site .
“ And he said he wants to show the American public that he is committed to helping combat this problem .
He asked for an opportunity to help .
I want to give him that opportunity .
If he makes the most of it , and demonstrates a sincere , long - term commitment to the task , then it may prove to be a tipping point in our campaign to eradicate dogfighting . ”
Pacelle said that dogfighting was a “ culturally complex problem ” prevalent among black urban teenagers and that Vick could be valuable in combating the problem .
JERUSALEM , May 25 ( Reuters ) - Israel 's Zetiq , a unit of Bio-Light Ltd BOLT .
TA , said on Monday it successfully completed clinical trials for its technology for the early detection of cervical cancer .
Bio-Light ’s shares were up 24.4 percent at 1.33 shekels in afternoon trading in Tel Aviv .
According to the results , the testing can detect pre-cancerous cells in 90 percent of patients , Zetiq said in a statement , noting it was higher than the traditionally used Pap test and similar to that for the HPV virus , which can cause cervical cancer .
“ The results of this trial confirm that Zetiq has the potential to develop novel and effective products for early diagnosis of cervical cancer and probably other indications , ” said Ami Eyal , Bio - Light ’s chief executive .
“ The company plans to complete the development of its product for screening to early identify cervical cancers , and to proceed towards international collaborations and product commercialisation ” .
Cervical cancer is the second leading cause of cancer in women worldwide .
Early identification of the disease greatly increases the survival rate .
Screen tests for cervical cancer are performed routinely in the western world , and have a large market that in the United States alone surpasses $ 1.5 billion .
In developing countries there is no effective screening test available to identify cervical cancer .
( Reporting by Steven Scheer , editing by Will Waterman )
Former Chrysler chairman Lee Iacocca arrives as a guest for the Bob Hope Memorial Tribute at the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences in Los Angeles August 27 , 2003 .
REUTERS / Fred Prouser
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Lee Iacocca , the car executive credited with saving Chrysler from bankruptcy in the 1980s , is to lose a big chunk of his pension and a guaranteed life - long company car due to the U.S. automaker ’s bankruptcy filing two decades later .
Chrysler CEO Robert Nardelli told a U.S. bankruptcy court on Thursday that Iacocca ’s pension would be among the obligations Chrysler will no longer have to pay if it gets bankruptcy court approval to sell itself to a “ New Chrysler ” to be owned by its union , the U.S. and Canadian governments and Fiat SpA .
Iacocca , the storied former chairman and CEO who revived Chrysler in the 1980s and appeared in car commercials , has participated in a supplemental executive retirement plan that was comprised of non-IRS qualified pension funds and is subject to bankruptcy .
The claim is unsecured , and typically would be paid after secured creditors in a bankruptcy , but even secured creditors are not expected to get full recovery in a Chrysler bankruptcy that will see hundreds of dealerships shuttered and plants closed .
Chrysler has also written to former executives saying that as a result of its April 30 bankruptcy filing it will stop a program that furnished company cars to former executives and directors .
Iacocca , famous for the phrase “ If you can find a better car , buy it , ” and other senior executives who were part of the program are being asked to return their cars to a Chrysler marshalling center or arrange to pay for them , according to the document .
Chrysler said it regretted the action “ in light of the many contributions these individuals have made to Chrysler over the years ” and that the “ New Chrysler ” does not expect to reinstate the car program .
A recent survey conducted by a Dutch current affairs TV program looked into the downloading habits of the local youngsters - with some noteworthy results .
While the legalization of marijuana in The Netherlands results in less usage compared to neighboring countries , the liberal download climate has quite the opposite outcome .
Two weeks from now , Mininova will be in court facing the local anti-piracy watchdog BREIN .
In a report dedicated to the upcoming trial , the TV program EénVandaag asked 3500 Dutch youngsters aged between 12 and 24 years old about their download behaviors .
The results were presented earlier this week and they were quite remarkable .
A massive 93 % of the surveyed respondents said they download music , movies or games from the Internet , while only 5 % of this group of downloaders actually uses a paid service like iTunes .
Downloading copyrighted music or movies for personal use is not prohibited in The Netherlands , but uploading is .
In most cases this means that using BitTorrent to download copyrighted music is not the best choice , since it generally requires uploading .
However , this is not holding any of the Dutch youngsters back , so it seems .
BitTorrent was by far the preferred file - sharing ( download ) application according to the survey .
More than 45 % of the downloaders said they use sites like Mininova and The Pirate Bay to download the latest music and movies .
Usenet came in second with a respectable 15 % .
Aside from looking into their download behavior , respondents were also asked to predict the outcome of the Mininova trial .
Only 15 % thought that BREIN will come out the winner , while 45 % thought Mininova would strike up a victory .
The remaining 39 % knew too little about the case to make a useful assessment .
There are of course many flaws in this type of survey .
First off , respondents were recruited through online forums and even highly tech oriented communities such as Tweakers .
Among these tech savvy and active Internet users the percentage of P2P - users is undoubtedly higher than average .
Secondly , the survey was promoted as a “ download ” survey , this will of course attract the attention of those who actually download more than those who do n’t .
Polls and surveys can be very misleading , especially when they are ill constructed .
What we can conclude from the Dutch survey , although carefully , is that The Netherlands has quite a few active BitTorrent users and that they are confident that Mininova will beat BREIN in court .
Let ’s hope that a similar survey among lawyers would reach a similar conclusion .
Mr. Sanford is regarded as a political lone wolf and has made numerous enemies even within his own party , which controls both houses of the state legislature .
Scott H. Huffmon , a political science professor at Winthrop University in Rock Hill , S.C. , said it was unclear whether there would be pressure on the governor to resign .
“ His opponents , ” Dr. Huffmon said , “ are sitting back trying to figure out if they ’d be better off with a completely emasculated governor to deal with or if they ’d be better off with André Bauer , ” the lieutenant governor , who would take office if Mr. Sanford resigned .
Mr. Sanford made at least one state - sponsored trip to Argentina during the period of his relationship .
In an interview late Wednesday , Daniel Scioli , the governor of Buenos Aires Province , said he met with Mr. Sanford on June 26 , 2008 , in La Plata , a town outside Buenos Aires .
Mr. Scioli said the request for the meeting had come from Mr. Sanford ’s office via the United States Embassy .
The governor was not known as a moralist but has frowned on infidelity and as a congressman voted to impeach President Bill Clinton after the Monica Lewinsky affair .
“ He lied under a different oath , and that ’s the oath to his wife , ” Mr. Sanford said at the time on CNN .
“ So it ’s got to be taken very , very seriously . ”
Mr. Sanford and his wife had joined an intensive Bible study group for couples in the last few months , according to William H. Jones , president of Columbia International University , a conservative evangelical college .
Dr. Jones said the governor and his wife had been encouraged to join the Bible study by a longtime friend , Cubby Culbertson , a businessman in Columbia who teaches the Bible and who was thanked by the governor in his news conference .
At the news conference , Mr. Sanford said his friendship with the unnamed woman began eight years ago and became a romance about a year ago .
He said he had seen her three times since then .
The relationship was “ discovered ” five months ago , he said , and he had been trying to reconcile with his wife .
Mr. Sanford strongly implied that he had ended the affair .
“ The one thing that you really find is that you absolutely want resolution , ” he said .
“ And so oddly enough , I spent the last five days of my life crying in Argentina . ”
A young woman , Neda Agha Soltan , was shot dead during a protest in Tehran .
She was not participating in the protests , but got stuck in a traffic jam close by .
Many now see her as a symbol for people protesting against the disputed re-election of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , the Iranian president .
( Full )
Neda 's death was caught on a mobile phone camera , and published on YouTube .
I include the link here , but do not want to embed the video , nor could I watch it all the way through .
The reality and cruelty of this video is shocking and images are extreme , so beware ...
The video was posted by the doctor who rushed in to assist her .
This is what he wrote :
Basij shot to death a young woman in Tehran on Saturday June 20th protests at 19:05 June 20th
Place : Karekar Ave. , at the corner crossing Khosravi St. and Salehi st .
A young woman who was standing aside with her father watching the protests was shot by a basij member hiding on the rooftop of a civilian house .
He had clear shot at the girl and could not miss her .
However , he aimed straight her heart .
I am a doctor , so I rushed to try to save her .
But the impact of the gunshot was so fierce that the bullet had blasted inside the victim 's chest , and she died in less than 2 minutes .
The protests were going on about 1 kilometers away in the main street and some of the protesting crowd were running from tear gass used among them , towards Salehi St .
The film is shot by my friend who was standing beside me .
Please let the world know .
CADDO PARISH , La. --
A massive natural - gas discovery here in northern Louisiana heralds a big shift in the nation 's energy landscape .
After an era of declining production , the U.S. is now swimming in natural gas .
Even conservative estimates suggest the Louisiana discovery -- known as the Haynesville Shale , for the dense rock formation that contains the gas -- could hold some 200 trillion cubic feet of natural gas .
That 's the equivalent of 33 billion barrels of oil , or 18 years ' worth of current U.S. oil production .
Some industry ...
AE911 Truth Making History in
San Francisco
24,000 Architects at SF AIA Convention Come Face to Face With 9/11 Truth
by Staff AE911 Truth made an unprecedented , highly successful debut at the prestigious American Institute of Architects ( AIA ) 2009 National Convention and Design Exposition .
We spoke to hundreds of architects and must have added about 50 to our petitioners over the course of 3 days .
About 80 % of the responses were positive , even though many were too wary to sign the petition after just a few minutes of consideration .
People were generally open - minded and curious .
It was exciting to speak with all these professionals who were really “ getting it . ”
Most architects , though not all , were willing to listen and engaged positively with us .
Obtaining a booth at this year ’s convention at San Francisco ’s Moscone Center marks a significant accomplishment for us .
A structural engineer who is also an architect signed the petition .
He has worked on 50 - to 60 - story buildings .
Though he was aware of Building 7's collapse , he was completely unaware of its free - fall acceleration .
He immediately acknowledged that this implies a controlled demolition .
We also had the Virginia AIA Chapter CEO sign the petition .
He was already an AE911 Truth supporter and quite aware of the issues , but at this event he invited us to his major regional convention and offered us a free booth space !
AIA Convention Activities Amid hundreds of exhibitions by manufacturers of buildings , tiles , and window coverings , our 10’x10 ’ booth , with two large LCD screens showing the dramatic demolitions of the WTC Twin Towers and Building 7 , stood out dramatically — especially with the backdrop of our 7 professionally designed banners depicting the rest of the evidence and our mission .
Most of the time we had 5 to 7 volunteers , sharply dressed , who were engaging with the booth visitors — the busiest booth around us by far !
Convinced architects were be able to sign , on the spot , our petition calling for a new investigation .
We were also giving away our latest brochures , our latest DVD , and our evidence cards .
We are very grateful for our volunteers , many of whom came from across the country .
Richard Gage Interview Hitting Big-Time Numbers on YouTube
Over 100,000 views in just a few days ...
by Staff The Fox TV ( KMPH ) affiliate in Fresno asked the kind of questions the Truth Movement has been waiting for .
On their " Great Day " program , anchors Kim Stephens and Kopi Sotiropulos afforded Richard a friendly atmosphere , asked interesting questions , and reacted to his startling information appropriately and with a degree of humor .
Very much missing was the familiar combative style normally associated with TV talk shows on which 9/11 Truth guests appear .
The huge spinoff benefit is the magnifying power of the Internet .
Big numbers started coming in immediately on YouTube .
Although only a few days have passed since the interview , the segment reached as high as fourth place for the week in politics and news , and third place in most discussed .
These numbers hopefully will go much higher .
Direct link to this video :
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oO2yT0uBQbM
Forward and post this link widely !
New Companion DVD Available Now
New 10 - , 30 - , and 60 - minute DVDs in one !
by Editor
We have been asked for two years now to provide one - hour and half - hour versions of our popular — but long — dynamic multimedia presentation 9/11 : Blueprint for Truth — The Architecture of Destruction .
We 've listened to your feedback and have edited out all but the facts from the 2 - hour 2008 Research Edition .
The result is the stunning hardcore evidence without all of the speeches and background info .
Read more ...
Scientists Find Unignited Explosive Residues in WTC Dust
Red / Gray Chips Match Advanced Thermitic Materials Developed in US Government Labs
by Gregg Roberts
A team of scientists that includes 9/11 luminaries Steven Jones , Kevin Ryan , and seven other authors from three countries announced in April the long - awaited publication of their 25 - page article " Active Thermitic Material Discovered in Dust from the 9/11 World Trade Center Catastrophe . "
The team analyzed dust samples that were collected from four locations near Ground Zero .
One sample was collected ten minutes after the North Tower exploded , so it could not have been contaminated with particles from the cleanup efforts .
All four samples contained the same unusual , tiny red / gray chips , which turned out to consist not only of the ingredients of conventional thermite but also carbon , silicon , and other elements .
Read more ...
Two Seconds That Will Live in Infamy
Openness in Government Demands NIST Reconsider Significance of the Free - Fall Drop
by Dwain Deets
The National Institute for Standards and Technology ( NIST ) , the government agency responsible for investigating and reporting on the destruction of World Trade Center Building 7 , tried to avoid admitting that there was any free - fall acceleration when the building came down on September 11 , 2001 .
All the way to their draft final report on August 26 , 2008 , nearly seven years after the event , the NIST report ’s lead authors held firmly to their position that free - fall did not occur .
Once NIST received comments on its draft report , it was more or less forced to accept the indisputable facts based on the publicly available videos proving that free - fall had occurred .
David Chandler , a high school physics teacher and AE911 Truth researcher , provided the most compelling argument in a video seen widely on YouTube , " The Free - fall Acceleration of Bldg 7 . "
In their final report , issued November 20 , 2008 , the NIST report ’s authors stated they had made a more detailed examination , and found a 2.25 - second period in which the center roofline exhibited a “ free - fall drop for approximately 8 stories . ”
Chandler had measured a 2.5 - second period .
The NIST report did not state the significance of a free - fall drop .
The significance is that during that period of free - fall , all of the gravitational energy ( also known as potential energy ) is being converted into energy of motion ( also known as kinetic energy ) .
There is no energy available for doing other work , such as breaking up structural columns , or causing structural pieces to be hurled out of the way .
The graphic chart is an illustration depicting these points .
NIST tried to hide its admission of free - fall from public view by not listing it in the description of the changes it made in response to public comments .
Admitting to free - fall leads directly to the question , What source of energy eliminated the 8 stories of heavy , interlocked structural steel ?
The NIST report ’s authors didn�t explain .
They tried to hide this dramatic change of position , that WTC7 did display a period of free - fall .
However , gravitational forces alone can’t come close to explaining that .
The simple figure above , where section A had to have been instantaneously removed in order for the section above ( B ) to exhibit a free - fall drop , is suggested as an aid in explaining the NIST - free - fall issue to non-technical people .
First on the list are all U.S. Senators .
Two matters of Senate business are candidates for addressing this issue .
One is the confirmation hearings of the head of NIST , who serves under the Secretary of Commerce .
The other is the proposed Truth and Reconciliation Commission advocated by Senate Judiciary Chairman Patrick Leahy .
In the words of the title , “ Two Seconds that Will Live in Infamy , ” the assertive attitude corresponds to a positive expectation towards President Obama ’s promise to “ reestablish transparency and openness in government . ”
The processes are in place to re-open NIST ’s assessments of the WTC ’s destruction .
If this promise is actually fulfilled , then the chances are very good these two seconds will indeed live in infamy .
The Battle for Belief : A Sociologist�s Research in 9/11 Argumentation by Michael Armenia “ Reason and experiment have been indulged , and error has fled before them .
It is error alone which needs the support of government .
Truth can stand by itself . ”
— Thomas Jefferson
We are at war , and one of the most critical and dangerous frontline is not in Afghanistan , Iraq or Iran .
Rather , it is the battleground within the human psyche .
Individual and collective minds are waging psychological warfare in what promises to be one of the most intense struggles in American history , if not all of human history .
How do we communicate the truth about the events of 9/11 to those who have been deceived by the operation and its cover - up in the media ?
Are logic , reason , and science enough ?
In the “ battle for belief ” , Person A offers truth demonstrating reality while Person B , knowingly or unknowingly , transmits lies and perpetuates myth .
At the end of the day , the one with the most credibility wins .
This much is supposed by Dr. Mark Jones , Ph.D. , Assistant Professor of Sociology at Colorado College , who is embarking on a research project to study how both sides of a controversial issue communicate their ideas .
Read more ...
On our website : Sign our Petition Become a sustaining member Speaking Engagements Online Store Urgent Convention Fees due Now :
We were unstoppable at our AE911 Truth exhibit booth at the National AIA convention in San Francisco .
And your generous show of support was directly responsible .
We must continue this effort .
With your immediate vote of financial support we will be able to start this July at the Washington DC AIA convention , in September at the SEA in San Diego , CA , in November at the Virginia AIA , and in 2010 at the National AIA convention in Tampa , FL .
Please donate on our website .
Richard Gage on KMPH Fox 26 in Fresno , California on May 27 , 2009 .
10 - minute segment from the new AE911 Truth Companion Edition to Blueprint for Truth .
Trailer for the 2008 Research Edition of Blueprint for Truth DVD .
Support NYC CAN
Visit http://nyccan.org today and support them too !
Follow Us
Where in the World is Richard Gage , AIA ?
by Dean Fienberg
In the too - good - to - be - true category , Richard recently spoke in Santa Rosa to Phyllis Schlafly ’s Eagle Forum , a right - wing conservative group of the highest order .
The 45 Republicans present , after seeing the presentation , unanimously agreed that the 3 WTC high - rises were brought down by explosive controlled demolition .
This astounding response may have untold significance when these Eagle Forum members pressure their chapter leaders from around the country to invite Mr. Gage to speak in their areas .
This accomplishment would clearly confirm that 9/11 Truth transcends the political labels of Left and Right .
Richard recently traveled to Los Angeles to be interviewed for a new two - hour documentary produced by National Geographic , along with prominent 9/11 Truth investigators David Ray Griffin , Dylan Avery and Steven Jones .
This documentary should appear on TV sometime this August .
Freedom Law School recently awarded Mr. Gage a plaque for truth and justice after he spoke at their conference in Irvine , CA from March 14 - March 15 .
After Richard ’s presentation to an audience of 115 , six believers of the official story dropped to zero ; twenty unsure people dropped to only four .
Richard sees numbers like these wherever he speaks .
You could see such a transformation occur in your own town by inviting Richard to speak in your local area .
Dates are still available in July and August .
You could also show our DVD 9/11 : Blueprint for Truth , which can be accomplished informally for groups of six or more , or in rented venues for up to 100 people .
You can charge admission to collect expenses .
AE911 Truth can assist you if you call up and request our guidelines and join our film hosts ' conference call !
Richard was a guest of honor and keynote speaker at the world premiere of the outstanding 9/11 Truth film The Core of Corruption in Denver at the Oriental Theater on April 6th .
Many jaws hit the floor .
" Core " relies heavily on mainstream - media news clips and includes many jewels of information that somehow slipped through the cracks after " the world changed . "
Last we all checked , the sun still rose in the east and set in the west , grass grows and water flows , but you know what I mean .
Four sequels are scheduled that might reference 9/11 but will be broader in scope , helping to fill in the bigger picture .
More recent speaking engagements included Columbia , SC , on April 11 , and Montreal , Canada on April 18 , where audiences of 40 and 120 showed great support .
About a dozen participants at each event had their belief in the official conspiracy story shattered .
Returning to California , he spoke at Sonoma State College in Rohnert Park on April 24 , and at Diablo Valley College in Pleasant Hill in early May .
Richard and AE911 Truth volunteers hosted a booth at the AIA 2009 National Convention and Design Exposition in San Francisco beginning on April 30 .
Many new petition signatures were gathered , and numerous architects , after vieweing an AE evidence presentation on several screens , were encouraged to express their previous and post - viewing understandings of 9/11 World Trade Center events .
On May 2 , Richard addressed convention attendees and others at the nearby Westin Market Street Hotel .
So where is Richard Gage ?
Well , probably not at home asleep in bed .
HONG KONG ( CNN ) --
Authorities in Hong Kong were reviewing surveillance tapes Tuesday to determine who tossed a bottle of acid from the top of a building , injuring 24 pedestrians in a busy shopping district .
Overview of where acid was thrown from a building in Hong Kong 's Mong Kok district .
Monday 's incident was the third such attack in the Mong Kok district in the last six months .
Police have not ruled out the possibility that they are the work of the same person .
The most recent attack occurred on Nielson Street Monday night when a bottle containing corrosive liquid was thrown from the top of a building , a police spokesman said .
Among the 24 people injured was a 4 - year - old child , police said .
On May 16 , 30 people were treated for burns after they were hit with two bottles of acid in the same area .
Those pedestrians suffered various degrees of burns , none of which were serious , police said .
Do n't Miss Acid attack injures 30 in Hong Kong
The May attack occurred on a Saturday around the same time in the same area with bottles containing similar liquids as one in December 2008 that left 46 people injured .
Authorities have set up a 24 - hour hotline for information on the incidents and the government installed a new surveillance camera system in the area , worth 1.7 million Hong Kong dollars ( $ 219,000 ) .
CNN 's Roya Shadravan in Hong Kong contributed to this report .
All About Hong Kong
Tomonobu Itagaki , who was formerly in charge of Team Ninja , previously stated that Ninja Gaiden II would be the final entry in the series .
However , Yosuke Hayashi , the new leader of Team Ninja , has confirmed that the Ninja Gaiden series will continue .
Sorry , Itagaki .
When talking with Hayashi , Kikizo asked about the future of the series , in which he replied :
“ We will continue to work towards a future for the series .
What the gamers are looking for is going to be the next chapter – the future of an outstanding series .
We feel that we ’re in a position of being able to make that call …
That calling is already there – we feel it ” .
Hayashi also talked about the next installment being multi-platform :
“ We ’re going to have to push ourselves to the next level , and we are better off giving both audiences an entirely new game . ”
So what would you like to see in the next Ninja Gaiden game ?
Any issues or complaints you hope the new director fixes with part 3 ?
Let us know in the comment section below !
[ Source ]
I am not a big proponent of gdb .
If you * really * know what you are doing , gdb should n’t be required .
But , every now and then , you come across code that has used function pointers exclusively and then , hand - debugging becomes painful .
gdb to the rescue .
You ’ll need the following pre-requisites to use gdb to debug a segmentation fault :
1 ) make sure you have compiled the executable WITH debugging symbols .
i.e. the " - g " flag .
eg
gcc -g -o hello hello.c
Without debugging symbols , gdb wo n’t be able to do much .
2 ) Linux should core - dump on segmentation fault .
Set :
ulimit -c unlimited
( man ulimit for more info )
Now just run that the excutable that is segfaulting .
As soon as it segfaults , you should get an output something like " Segmentation fault ( core dumped ) " .
ls in your working directory and you will find a new core file has been created ( probably with the name core .{pid} )
Now , we just have to tell gdb to analyze this core .
Here ’s how
gdb {executable} {dump file}
eg. gdb hello core .
1324
Check out the output spit out by gdb and make sure that all debugging symbols have been loaded .
Now , on the gdb prompt :
( gdb ) bt
( bt = backtrace .. prints stack strace )
with this backtrace you ’ll now know * exactly * where the program segfaulted .
The code file , line number and the call which was the culprit .
You can even analyze variable values on any frame .
Just change to that frame :
( gdb ) frame {num}
eg. ( gdb ) frame 2
and use :
( gdb ) info locals
( gdb ) info args
to query the values of local variables and passed arguments , respectively .
With all this info , you can pin down the exact reason for the segfault pretty easily .
Saves a lot of time !
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Tags : debugging , gdb , Tutorials
Via two posts from Sullivan , I have learned that the two most successful interrogators and spybusters from WWII , one German and one British , never harmed an inmate .
No German won as many intelligence coups as Hanns Scharff .
Scharff worked for the Luftwaffe interrogating allied pilots and bomber crews , so successfully that the U.S. military taught his methods decades later .
Colonel Robin “ tin eye ” Stephens was a “ bristling , xenophobic martinet ” who ran a famously successful counterinelligence operation for MI5 out of a basement in London .
In the course of the war , some 500 enemy spies from 44 countries passed through Camp 020 ; most were interrogated , at some point , by Stephens ; all but a tiny handful crumbled . [… ]
Many became double agents , secretly working for the British and sending false information back to Germany .
Scharff and Stevens broke more prisoners than anyone else in the war on either side .
Interestingly , neither one ever so much as raised their voice against a prisoner .
The terrifying commandant of Camp 020 refined psychological intimidation to an art form .
Suspects often left the interrogation cells legless with fear after an all - night grilling .
An inspired amateur psychologist , Stephens used every trick , lie and bullying tactic to get what he needed ; he deployed threats , drugs , drink and deceit .
But he never once resorted to violence . “
…
Scharff was opposed to physically abusing prisoners with the intent to obtain information .
Taught on the job , Scharff instead relied upon the Luftwaffe ’s approved list of techniques which mostly involved making the interrogator seem as if he is his prisoner ’s greatest advocate while in captivity . [… ]
After a prisoner ’s fear had calmed , Scharff continued to act as a good friend to the prisoner , including sharing jokes , homemade food items , and occasionally alcoholic beverages .
Scharff was fluent in English and knowledgeable about British customs and some American , which helped him to gain the trust and friendship of many of his prisoners .
…
Stephens cared not for morality but for results , and these were extraordinary .
Once a prisoner in Camp 020 realised he was safe from physical violence , he tended to sing all the louder .
…
Some high profile prisoners were treated to outings to German airfields ( one POW was allowed to take a German aircraft for a trial run ) , tea with German fighter aces , swimming pool excursions , and luncheons among other things .
Prisoners were treated well medically at the nearby Hone Mark Hospital , and some POWs were occasionally taken from captivity to visit their comrades at this hospital for company ’s sake as well as the better meals provided there .
Scharff was best known for taking his prisoners on strolls through nearby woods , first having them swear an oath of honor that they would not attempt an escape during their walk .
Scharff chose not to use these nature walks as a time to directly ask his prisoners obvious military - related questions , but instead relied on the POWs ’ desire to speak to anyone outside of isolated captivity about informal , generalized topics .
Prisoners often volunteered information the Luftwaffe had instructed Scharff to acquire , frequently without realizing they had done so .
…
Stephens did not eschew torture out of mercy .
This was no squishy liberal : the eye was made of tin , and the rest of him out of tungsten .
( Indeed , he was disappointed that only 16 spies were executed during the war . )
His motives were strictly practical .
“ Never strike a man .
It is unintelligent , for the spy will give an answer to please , an answer to escape punishment .
And having given a false answer , all else depends upon the false premise . ”
Confessions extracted by inflicting pain are most likely to be whatever the victim believes the torturer desires to hear , whatever is necessary to stop the agony .
…
So why do people torture ?
The answer is simple ; when reality does n’t suit your needs , torture lets you make your own reality .
That , of course , was the goal all along .
In the summer of 2002 , after I had written an article in Esquire that the White House did n’t like about Bush ’s former communications director , Karen Hughes , I had a meeting with a senior adviser to Bush .
He expressed the White House ’s displeasure , and then he told me something that at the time I did n’t fully comprehend — but which I now believe gets to the very heart of the Bush presidency .
The aide said that guys like me were ” in what we call the reality - based community , ” which he defined as people who ” believe that solutions emerge from your judicious study of discernible reality . ”
I nodded and murmured something about enlightenment principles and empiricism .
He cut me off .
” That ’s not the way the world really works anymore , ” he continued .
” We ’re an empire now , and when we act , we create our own reality .
And while you ’re studying that reality — judiciously , as you will — we ’ll act again , creating other new realities , which you can study too , and that ’s how things will sort out .
We ’re history ’s actors . . . and you , all of you , will be left to just study what we do . ”
None of our prisoners would validate the idea that Iraq worked with al Qaeda .
Then we tortured them , and they did .
Amazing .
The salient point that I take home from today ’s lesson is that interrogating prisoners takes patience and skill .
Stephens and Schiff had the right stuff .
Sadly for everyone , the GOP cult of impatient boobs needed a plan B .
*** Update ***
Also see : the still anonymous interrogator who found abu Musab al - Zarqawi , and Sherwood Moran , a Marine interrogator who ‘ broke ’ supposedly fanatical Japanese soldiers with patience and cultural awareness .
This column appeared yesterday on RealMoney .
Click here for a free trial , and enjoy incisive commentary all day , every day .
Peter Schiff is president and chief global strategist of Euro Pacific Capital , a full - service NASD - registered broker - dealer that specializes in foreign securities .
He is a recognized expert in the foreign securities markets as well as the currency and gold markets .
Schiff has excellent market commentary and analysis on a myriad of domestic equity and sectors .
Both David Morrow and Doug Kass welcome him warmly -- read on to find out why .
While economists and real estate investors " celebrate " the slight deceleration in the pace of home price declines in the recent data , a quick look at home price trajectories over the past 100 and 50 years reveals little to cheer about and much to be feared .
More significant than small month - to - month changes is the flow of home price patterns over decades .
In his book
Irrational Exuberance
, Robert Shiller determined that in the 100 years between 1900 and 2000 , home prices in the U.S. increased by an average of about 3.4 % per year .
These figures have not been adjusted for inflation .
If they had , home prices would have outpaced inflation by only the slimmest of margins .
This 100 - year period includes the Great Depression , when home prices sank significantly , and it also involves decades in which our current home mortgage infrastructure simply did not exist .
The second half of the century , with its baby boom , heightened inflation , suburban expansion and institutionalized mortgage apparatus , was much kinder to home prices .
Even so , in the 50 boom years between 1950 and 2000 , home prices increased an average of 4.4 % per year .
Even this pace barely beat inflation .
By all accounts , the home price boom that began in late 1997 ( when the high of the previous 1989 peak was finally eclipsed ) and topped out in June 2006 was extraordinary .
The Case - Shiller 10 - City Index , an amalgam of the home price trends in 10 of the largest U.S. cities , gained on average 19.4 % per year during that time .
The movements had very little to do with market fundamentals and everything to do with distortive government policies , a national mania for real estate wealth and a torrent of temporarily easy credit .
If we assume that the bubble was artificial , we can instead imagine that home prices should have followed the more typical path during that time .
When you do these extrapolations , a very sobering picture emerges .
The authors of the Case - Shiller index had assigned the index a value of 100.0 in January of 2000 .
This figure does not represent a dollar value for home prices but is simply a benchmarking tool .
In December 2008 , after a severe 28 % decline from its June 2006 peak of 226.29 , the Case - Shiller 10 City index stood at 162.1 .
However , if home prices had followed the 3.4 % annual 100 - year trend line from December 1997 ( when the index was at 82.3 ) , then the index would have arrived at only 118.92 in December 2008 .
This would suggest that the index would need to decline an additional 27 % to get back to the historical trend line .
Extrapolating along the sunnier 50 - year annual average increase would put the index at 132.2 by December 2008 .
This would still put the trend line 18.5 % below current prices .
A cursory look at the chart below should disabuse anyone of the notion that home prices have now hit bottom .
Policymakers and economists should by no means rely upon projections that see home prices turning around in the near term .
However , the story by no means ends there .
Given the current conditions in the real estate market , with bloated inventories , growing unemployment , nonexistent consumer credit and shattered illusions of real estate riches , it would be logical to assume that prices will fall below the trend line .
How much is anybody 's guess , but 10 % would be conservative .
Given that we are entering uncharted territory with price declines much sharper than those seen in the Great Depression , I would argue that the 100 - year price trend would be the better projection to use .
In such a scenario , the index would bottom out at around 108 if a 10 % overshoot on the downside is seen .
That leaves another 34 % decline in home prices on the table .
But that does n't mean that I believe home prices will actually reach those levels , at least in nominal terms .
Inflation will likely be the biggest difference between the current recession and what is now called the Great Depression of the 1930s , ( I expect a new name will be needed in a few years , much as the Great War is now called World War I. )
Throughout the Depression , prices fell for everything , not just houses .
At the time , even the pump - priming policies of Roosevelt 's New Deal did not expand the money supply at anywhere near the current pace .
As a result , the deflationary pressures of a recession were allowed to push prices down .
In the coming years , the opposite will happen .
The government , through deficit spending , stimuli and bailouts , is literally pumping trillions and trillions of new dollars into the economy .
Once the bloated inventories of the boom years are worked through , this torrent of new cash will push prices up with across the board .
Inflation , more virulent than the variety seen in the 1970s , will put a nominal floor under home prices .
But the benefits of seemingly stable home prices will be illusory .
What good is a $ 200,000 house if it costs nearly that much to fill the refrigerator ?
However , inflation putting a floor under home prices does nothing to increase real demand for houses .
With the prices for stocks , commodities and food going up faster than the prices of homes , residential real estate will remain a lousy investment .
As a result , be wary of those who have called a housing bottom and now recommend beaten - down homebuilding stocks .
Despite savage pullbacks from their mid-decade highs the nation 's biggest homebuilders are still overvalued .
The
S&P 500
is down 4 % since the last housing boom began in January 1998 .
But over that time ,
Toll Brothers
( TOL ) - Get Report
,
Pulte Home
( PHM ) - Get Report
and
D.R. Horton
( DRI ) - Get Report
are up 195 % , 100 % , and 97 % respectively .
The truth is , America 's current inventory of homes will last at least a generation or more .
These stocks are still not priced accordingly .
Know what you own :
Other homebuilding stocks include Hovnanian ( HOV ) - Get Report , Lennar ( LEN ) - Get Report , Centex ( CTX ) and Ryland ( RYL ) .
At the time of publication , Schiff had no positions in the stocks mentioned .
Peter Schiff is president and chief global strategist of Euro Pacific Capital , a full - service NASD - registered broker - dealer that specializes in foreign securities .
He is a recognized expert in the foreign securities markets as well as the currency and gold markets .
He is also the author of two bestselling books :
Crash Proof : How to Profit from the Coming Economic Collapse
and
The Little Book of Bull Moves in Bear Markets
.
Download Euro Pacific 's free Special Report , "
Peter Schiff ?s Five Favorite Investment Choices for the Next Five Years
, " and watch the latest episode of Schiff 's video blog , ?
The Schiff Report
.?
I finally heard a real estate story that seems to reflect what I ?m seeing in a very large part of the Chicago market .
Yesterday morning on Morning Edition they followed two buyers having problems finding the deals they seemed to feel they should be finding in some of the best neighborhoods in Boston ( listen to the story ) .
It was easy to hear the annoyance in their voices that prices had n?t tumbled .
At one point , one of them commented that they ?d like to see the price of a home $ 75,000 less than it was .
As a homeowner , I found I was getting a lot of pleasure from their irritation .
I found myself hoping they would continue to struggle and eventually have to pay close to what they would have had to pay two years ago ?
their dreams of a extremely cheap home in a wonderful neighborhood mangled like the bumper of my park - on - the - street car .
No Free Lunch for Buyers
Carl Case of S&P / Case - Shiller Price Index was interviewed in the story and had a lot of interesting things to say .
He was warning buyers that in good neighborhoods , you are n?t going to find bargains .
People are not willing to sell and take a huge hit on the value of their home unless they absolutely must .
He went on to explain that their research is showing that bargains are generally only found in lower - income areas .
There are areas of every city where prices are dropping rapidly , but that doesn?t mean the prices are dropping all over the city .
? There Is No Free Fall in Chicago .?
Mr. Case listed cities where prices are holding in large areas :
Chicago
Atlanta
Boston
Seattle
Portland
Denver
Charlston
He went on to explain that prices are sticky in these cities .
People are not willing to sell at a huge discount , so they either don?t sell , or sell at prices that are not at a huge loss .
Bargains May Exist for Some Types of Homes in Strong Neighborhoods
Appraiser , broker , and regular The Chicago 77 contributor , Katie Anderson recently said she has observed something similar .
She ?s seeing that some types of homes are dropping in price in some areas , while other types are not .
One example she cited was she is seeing prices drop 28 % on studio condos in East Lakeview , but not on townhouses , single family homes , and larger condos .
Why ?
Because a studio is often bought by a young person .
And , for many possible reasons ( job transfers , returning home after their city adventure , loss of a job , financial difficulties , getting married , etc. ) they tend to move more often , which makes them subject to the down market .
However , larger properties tend to be bought and sold by more stable , older families .
Their kids are in school .
Their jobs are not the first to be eliminated .
They don?t want to move unless they have to .
That means there are fewer of these family - focused homes on the market right now and that means the prices are n?t falling .
Upkeep is Paramount
One comment I found in the Morning Edition story that I found interesting was the buyer commented on the condition of relatively new condos .
She said that they were seeing what she felt was too much wear and tear on relatively new construction .
She commented about molding falling off the wall in one newish condo .
That ?s the one she wanted to see $ 75,000 cheaper .
That ?s a lot of money for what a nail and a hammer could take care of in a few minutes .
The problem is , the molding problem is taken as an indication of far worse things to come .
It ?s an hint that perhaps the developer cut corners wherever and whenever he or she could .
If you ?re thinking about selling , you have to spend the time , effort , and money to get your home in tip top shape .
If you live in a condo , you have to push for the association to fix and maintain the common areas .
They will all have an impact on your selling price .
perception is everything .
The Dreaded “ Bottom of the Market ” Question
Who knows ?
However , what is clear is that in some areas of Chicago , the trip down has been far more gradual than what you read on the home pages of the major news outlets .
Today ’s photo was generously shared by Yogi under the Creative Commons License .
Thank you for your generosity .
The Hero with a Thousand Faces is a non-fiction book by Joseph Campbell © 1949 .
The premise of the book is that there is only one hero story , the monomyth .
All stories share similar seeds of the idea of the hero .
Joseph Campbell uses hero stories from varied traditions like Judeo - Christian , Buddhist , Native American , Australian , African , Irish , Nordic , and the far east to use as examples of the universal condition of man .
The concepts in the book are exhilarating , however Campbell ’s literary style has him flowing from topic / example to another and then back again .
And other than his over zealous support for Freudian psychoanalysis and dream analysis ( which was very popular at the time of writing ) it was worth a read .
I enjoyed Part I which focused on the exploits of the hero more than Part II which revolved around the cyclical nature of the universe and the hero ’s role in it .
Mythology has been interpreted by the modern intellect as a primitive , fumbling effort to explain the world of nature ( Frazer ) ; as a production of poetical fantasy from prehistoric times , misunderstood by succeeding ages ( Muller ) ; as a repository of allegorical instruction , to shape the individual to his group ( Durkheim ) ; as a group dream , symptomatic of archetypal urges within the depths of the human psyche ( Jung ) ; as the traditional vehicle of man ’s profoundest metaphysical insights ( Coomaraswamy ) ; and as God ’ Revelation to His children ( the Church ) .
Mythology is all of these .
The various judgments are determined by the viewpoints of the judges .
For when scrutinized in terms not of what it is but of how it functions , of how it has served mankind in the past , of how it may serve today , mythology shows itself to be as amenable as life itself to the obsessions and requirements of the individual , the race , the age .
This book had a profound influence on George Lucas and the Star Wars story .
The Hero with a Thousand Faces had me thinking of the many parallels of the hero stories I ’ve enjoyed which I would like to align with the chapter titles in the book to add to his examples .
So , let ’s see how our modern tales fit in the monomyth ( paraphrased for entertainment value by myself ) .
The Lord of the Rings by J.R.R Tolkien
The Call to Adventure – Take the ring to Elrond .
Refusal of the Call – I ca n’t go I ’m in love with the Shire .
What ’s that ?
Bad things are coming to kill me ?
F@ # $ this place .
Supernatural Aid – Tom Bombadil , enough said .
Old Man Willow should have ate their sorry hobbit behinds .
Not too mention that Gandalf gets resurrected , talk about Deus Ex Machina .
( Not that I am criticizing J.R.R . Tolkien my personal literary god . )
The Crossing of the First Threshold – Let ’s run to the Prancing Pony !
The Belly of the Whale – You ’re holding The One Ring to Rule them all .
* uh oh *
The Matrix by Larry and Andy Wachowski
The Call to Adventure – Follow the White Rabbit .
Refusal of the Call – Climb out the window ?!
GTFO . << Insert mechanical insect >>
On second thought , where is that red pill ?
Supernatural Aid – I ’m going to learn kung - fu ?
Yes dumbass , why else would we stab you in the brain ?
The Crossing of the First Threshold – Free your mind .
The Belly of the Whale – Your whole life was a fabrication called The Matrix
Harry Potter by J. K. Rowling
The Call to Adventure – You ’re a wizard and did n’t know it .
Congratulations Supernatural Aid –
Hi , I ’m Hagrid here to bust your ass out and be your BFF even though you ’ll never appreciate me .
The Crossing of the First Threshold – To Diagon Alley !
The Belly of the Whale – Welcome to Hogwarts !
Time to meet your mortal enemy !
Star Wars by George Lucas
The Call to Adventure – Come with me to Alderaan .
Refusal of the Call – I can’t I ’m in enough trouble as it is !
Oh , it turns out my foster parents are dead .
I think I ’ll go with you instead .
Supernatural Aid – “ hokey religions and ancient weapons are no substitute for a good blaster at your side ” .
Actually , it turns out they are .
The Crossing of the First Threshold – That little droid is going to get me into a lot of trouble ! …
I see two banthas down there but no Sandpeople …
* URRGHGG UR UR URRRGGGH *
The Belly of the Whale – The Death Star .
The metaphor does n’t even have to stretch .
The Hero with a Thousand Faces – Table of Contents
Prologue : The Monomyth
Myth and Ream Tragedy and Comedy The Hero and the God The World Navel
Part I : The Adventure of the Hero
Chapter I : Departure
The Call to Adventure Refusal of the Call Supernatural Aid The Crossing of the First Threshold The Belly of the Whale
Chapter II : Initiation
The Road of Trials The Meeting with the Goddess Woman as the Temptress Atonement with the Father Apotheosis The Ultimate Boon
Chapter III : Return
Refusal of the Return The Magic Flight Rescue from Without The Crossing of the Return Threshold Master of the Two Worlds Freedom to Live
Chapter IV : The Keys
Part II : The Cosmogonic Cycle
Chapter I : Emanations
From Psychology to Metaphysics The Universal Round Out of the Void–Space Within Space–Life The Breaking of the One into the Manifold Fold Stories of Creation
Chapter II : The Virgin Birth
Mother Universe Matrix of Destiny Womb of Redemption Fold Stories of Virgin Motherhood
Chapter III : Transformations of the Hero
The Primordial Hero and the Human Childhood of the Human Hero The Hero as Warrior The Hero as Lover The Hero as Emperor and as Tyrant The Hero as World Redeemer The Hero as Saint Departure of the Hero
Chapter IV : Dissolutions
End of the Microcosm End of the Macrocosm
Epilogue : Myth and Society
The Shapeshifter The FUnction of Myth , Cult , and Meditation The Hero Today
John Amato :
I posted on this already , but Nicole has found out that Ben Nelson takes a boat load of cash from the health care industry .
HuffPo :
Nelson 's problem , he told CQ , is that the public plan would be too attractive and would hurt the private insurance plans .
" At the end of the day , the public plan wins the game , " Nelson said .
Including a public option in a health plan , he said , was a " deal breaker . "
Are you kidding me ?
Screw the American citizens and what 's best for them ... let 's be worried about the poor for - profit healthcare companies ?
So much for that vaunted filibuster - proof majority .
Nelson plans on gathering together some like - minded sell - outs Democrats to oppose any public health plan .
Go to Open Secrets to find out who has donated money to Nelson last few years for his re-election and whaddya know ?
Blue Cross / Blue Shield is in the top 5 with $ 31 K .
In fact , Nelson received more than $ 230,000 from the healthcare industry in the last four years .
Actually , HCAN lists more than $ 600,000 from the insurance industry to Nelson .
And so , Nelson has decided to bow to the wishes of his campaign contributors , instead of standing up for what 73 % of the American public want : A choice of a public health insurance option .
In his opposition , Nelson can't even muster the courage to be honest about his motives .
Instead , he parrots the latest right - wing talking point , that a public health insurance option will somehow undermine the employer - based health care system .
This point , of course , is ludicrous .
How exactly would this undermining happen ?
Every person in America will be offered a choice .
If they choose the public health insurance option , how exactly is anything being forced upon them ?
And if businesses choose the public health insurance option , again , how is that not a choice ?
If you 're of a mind to let Sen .
Nelson know that his job is to represent the people of the United States , not the insurance companies , you can send him an email here .
The phone numbers for his various offices are available here .
Remember , you get further being polite .
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
“ Since 2001 , I have spent a lot of time in the Intelligence Committee , the Judiciary Committee , and on the floor of the Senate bringing attention to both the possible and actual effects of legislation that has dangerously expanded the power of the executive branch to spy on innocent Americans .
Despite these efforts , Congress insisted on enacting several measures including the USA PATRIOT Act , the Protect America Act , and the FISA Amendments
Act , embarking on a tragic retreat from the principles that had governed the sensitive area of government surveillance for the previous three decades .
Congress must get to work fixing these laws that have eroded the privacy and civil liberties of law - abiding citizens .
In addition , the administration should declassify certain aspects of how these authorities have been used so that the American people can better understand their scope and impact . ”
Two weeks ago , Henry Kissinger published an article in the Washington Post about America and Iran .
The item revealed nothing new : Kissinger has not been revealing anything new for many years now .
He also made no pretenses of saying anything new .
In his awkward , academic style , the legendary secretary of state sought to remind the Obama administration that negotiations with a state like Iran can not be premised on words only .
The talk must be backed up by deterrent power .
It was n’t the article that was of interest , but rather , the talkbacks that the newspaper ’s website posted below the item .
It ’s been a while since I ’ve seen such overabundance of Jew hatred .
The respondents , all of them using nicknames , charged the Jewish people with conspiring to entangle the United States in a military operation in Iran in order to make profits and promote the State of Israel ’s dark interests .
The Jews control the American administration , lamented the respondents in one talkback after another .
They control Congress and the media .
The Jews are America ’s real enemy .
There were always anti-Semites in American .
The surprise is that this anti-Semitic garbage is being published by one of the world ’s most respected newspapers .
The second surprise is that it did n’t prompt much reaction .
The Jewish community in the US has a powerful and effective organization tasked with fighting any anti-Semitic display .
It ’s called the Anti-Defamation League .
The League ’s National Director , Abe Foxman , was in Israel last week .
I told him about the talkbacks I read and he shook his head sadly .
The League employs seven people in monitoring anti-Semitic statements on the Internet .
Yet they ca n’t handle the onslaught .
When group members turn to a website and ask to remove a delusional statement , they sometimes get a reply .
Other times they are asked to send in a response , and at times they are rejected , on the grounds that the Internet should not be censored .
One way or another , the venom has already settled in Google and it shall remain there for eternity .
Far - reaching implications
The absurdity is that when a person seeks to publish a response in an American newspaper , using his real name and title , he must prove that all his claims are founded , and when there ’s a doubt the response is shelved .
On the other hand , when such person hides behind a nickname , and instead of sending his response to a newspaper he sends it to the paper ’s website , he can lie , slander , and curse as much as he wants to .
This is the reality in the US , and also here in Israel .
This phenomenon has far - reaching implications on the public discourse .
In this regrettable case , it means that racist and anti-Semitic doctrines shift from the crazy margins to the center of the spectrum .
Everything is legitimate ; everything is worthy of being published .
Foxman told me about a case he was involved in recently .
It was about a Jewish professor from Santa Barbara , California , who compared the IDF ’s conduct in Gaza to the conduct of the Germans at the Warsaw ghetto , no less .
Foxman sent the professor a letter and demanded that he issue an apology .
Instead of apologizing , the professor disseminated Foxman ’s letter via e-mail .
My freedom of expression is being undermined , he claimed .
The first amendment to the constitution is being violated .
What we have here is a thought police that harasses anyone who thinks differently .
The media in California was all over the story : Mud-wrestling between Jews is almost as sexy as mud-wrestling between women .
And now , Foxman is debating on his next move :
Should he continue to fight for the honor of the IDF and of the Warsaw ghetto , or just give up .
This fact sheet was prepared by the organizers of the Stop the American Correctional Association ( ACA ) Conference in Philadelphia , PA in August 2001 .
The American Correctional Association
The American Correctional Association is the self - proclaimed umbrella organization for all areas of corrections , including federal , state and military correctional facilities and prisons , as well as county jails and detention centers .
With over 20,000 members , the ACA is the largest organization in the corrections profession .
The tradeshow ( which the ACA has dubbed their " Congress of Corrections " ) brings thousands of companies wishing to make a profit off any sort of incarceration together with thousands of corrections professionals with purchasing power for their facilities .
The ACA calls it " a great opportunity for companies to increase business and establish national and international industry contacts " and boast that 81 percent of corrections industry sales are made at trade shows .
By selling booth space on their convention floor , the ACA pays for its annual convention , and representatives of these companies play a key role in developing the policies which corrections officials use to govern themselves .
Four Companies Represented this Years " Congress of Corrections "
1. The Correctional Services Corporation of America & Youth Services International  " Physical and psychological conditions [ of youth detention ] bordered upon child abuse . "
Background :
The CSC , located in Sarasota , Florida , is a powerful developer and manager of privatized correctional facilities , providing services to governmental agencies on every level .
The CSC owns 13 facilities nationwide , and Youth Services International , a wholly owned subsidiary of the CSC , is the largest private - for - profit company in the juvenile corrections field .
YSI owns 33 juvenile facilities that house 4200 juveniles .
The CSC brought in $ 210.8 million in revenues in 2000.1 CSCs Record : Facilities run by CSC have records of mistreating youth under their care .
a )
Pahokee , Florida :
Youth detained beyond release date to rack - up profits .
The CSC was awarded a $ 8.5 million contract in 1996 to run a detention center housing 350 nonviolent teenagers in Pahokee , Florida .
Less than three years later , in October 1999 , the CSC pulled out of its contract after failing its government inspection .
2
The inspection showed :
Teens at the facility had been physically abused and had not been allowed to use the child - abuse hotline , as state law required .
That CSC failed to meet the educational needs of the students : the teachers , inadequate in number , were often forced to spend their own money on supplies .
There was a four month old backlog of over 200 repair orders , to fix problems such as peeling paint , graffiti , and puddles in some rooms , among other things .
3
Ten teenagers were kept in the facility by the CSC beyond their designated release dates so they would be included in a quarterly head count that determines how much money the state gives to the CSC .
4
Thomas Petersen , a former Florida juvenile court judge , stated that , at the Pahokee facility ,
b ) Victor Cullen Center , Sabillasville , Maryland
In November of 2000 , an audit by the state of Maryland of this Youth Services International facility showed it was well understaffed , with inadequate mental health services and poor training for the staff .
The audit stated that " Referrals for individual psychotherapy appear to be done on a haphazard basis . "
6
Similar problems were still evident to justice officials in July of 2001 , when two guards were fired after allegedly running a " fight club " that pitted teens with drug and alcohol problems against one another in fist fights .
The officials found at this time that the facility was still understaffed and that the employees were still not properly trained .
7
2. The Corrections Corporation of America " deceitful and dishonest . "
Background :
The CCA is the nations largest provider of privatized correction management , with control over 65 facilities housing 55,000 inmates and 310 million dollars in revenues in 1999 .
CCAs services include design , construction , ownership , renovation , and management of prisons , jails and treatment centers .
CCA are sponsors of this years ACA banquet profiling the industries best practices .
CCA Record : Prisoners Killed , Escape , and Guards Say Private Prison Company Poorly staffed , poorly run .
a ) Youngstown , Ohio Prison ACA
Accredited : 40 inmates assaulted .
A prison operated by the CCA in Youngstown , Ohio , is currently in the stages of being shut down after numerous problems , including inmate deaths and escapes .
The ACA found the Youngstown facility to be in 100 percent compliance with all mandatory standards and 99.5 percent in compliance with all non-mandatory standards .
8
During CCAs operation of Youngstown , two inmates have been killed , 40 have been assaulted , and six inmates escaped in 1998,9 nine days after the CCA reported that it had reclassified inmates and tightened security .
10
CCA had to pay 1.65 million dollars to its inmates to avoid a lawsuit claiming that the facility was unsafe .
11
One study in late 1998 showed that 80 percent of the officers at Youngstown had no prior experience .
12
George McKelvey , the mayor of Youngstown , said that the CCA was " as deceitful and dishonest as any [ company ] weve ever dealt with .
"
13
3. The Maricopa County Jail Program
Background : Sheriff Joe Arpaio of Phoenix , Arizona and the rest of Maricopa County has billed himself nationally and internationally as Americas toughest sheriff ( for details , see his website at www.mcso.org).
There are over 6,000 jail inmates under Sheriff Arpaios control .
The Maricopa County Record : Inhumane Conditions of Confinement
"
There is also evidence which can be read to reveal the use of Stun Guns and OC Pepper Spray / Foam after restrain had been achieved , for no apparent justifiable reason .
The inmate grievance system is dysfunctional .
[ S ] taffing was below levels needed for safety and humane operations of the jails
[ The intake facility is ] a very unmanageable , dangerous environment .
Use of Force was unprovoked , unnecessary , and , consequently , unjustified and excessive . "
( CNN ) -- Drew Peterson , the former police sergeant who authorities call the prime suspect in the disappearance of his fourth wife , Stacy Peterson , has been indicted on murder charges related to his third wife , Kathleen Savio , the Illinois state attorney 's office said .
Drew Peterson was arrested Thursday on murder charges relating to his third wife , Kathleen Savio .
Illinois State Police said Peterson was taken into custody about 5:30 p.m. Thursday after a traffic stop near his home .
Police had staked out his home all day , said police Capt .
Carl Dobrich , but waited for Peterson to leave to arrest him out of concern for his three children , who were inside the house .
Peterson , through his attorney , denied any wrongdoing in either case .
Wills County State 's Attorney James Glasgow said he believes the case is strong and said Peterson is being held on $ 20 million bond .
" This is an extremely grave and serious matter and it is reflected in the bond , " Glasgow said .
Peterson 's attorney Joel Brodsky told CNN's Larry King he believed the bond was excessive and would seek a more " reasonable " bond , noting it was the most expensive bond he 'd seen in 10 years .
Watch Peterson 's attorney address his client 's arrest »
Charles B. Pelkie , spokesman for the state 's attorney in Will County , Illinois , said a grand jury indicted Peterson in the murder of Savio , whose death had been ruled an accidental drowning .
Brodsky said in a written statement that prosecutors wo n't be able to prove their case because " he did n't do it . "
" There is no evidence that links Drew Peterson to the death of Kathleen Savio or anyone else for that matter , " Brodsky said .
" Drew did not harm Kathleen ; he has said so from Day One .
We 're obviously disappointed a grand jury indicted him .
But an indictment does not mean guilt . "
Pelkie said the grand jury continues to meet and is studying the possibility of charges in Stacy Peterson 's disappearance .
Watch family members react to the arrest »
After Stacy Peterson went missing in October 2007 , media frenzy and police scrutiny on Peterson revealed Savio had died mysteriously a few years earlier during a nasty divorce .
Savio died just before the division of the marital assets was finalized , making Drew Peterson the sole beneficiary .
Savio was found in the dry bathtub of her home .
At the time , the death was ruled an accidental drowning .
But her family continued to insist that Savio died as a result of foul play .
The investigation into Stacy Peterson 's disappearance brought renewed interest in Savio 's death .
Authorities exhumed Savio's body , further tests were conducted , and her death has now been ruled a " homicide staged to look like an accident . "
Brodsky told King he believes the case has always been about circumstantial evidence and that he will bring a pathologist to trial who will say Savio died from an accidental drowning .
" I think the jury 's going to see that , in fact , this always has been an accidental death and still is an accidental death , " Brodsky told King .
Kathleen Savio's brother , Nick , told CNN affiliate WLS - TV he received a call from his sister saying Peterson had been arrested .
Watch police arrest Peterson »
" The state police had been telling us the day was coming , " he told WLS - TV .
" We kept hearing it for about eight months .
I 'm almost in tears here .
It 's been so hard for our family . "
" Hopefully , we 'll get the justice we 've always been waiting for . "
Martin Glink , attorney for the Savio family , said they were hopeful the grand jury felt there was enough evidence to charge Peterson .
" We 're very happy that the wheels of justice have continued to move and they are pointing in his direction , " Glink told WLS - TV .
The news was also bittersweet for Stacy Peterson 's family , who continue to wait for news about her disappearance .
" We have anticipated this coming .
We have dreamed about it .
We have been patient over it , " Pam Bosco , spokesperson for Stacy Peterson 's family told WLS - TV .
" Now that it 's here , it 's almost a little bit calm .
We 're waiting for the storm to calm now .
The calm before the storm . "
Bosco said while she had not heard about any charges relating to Stacy Peterson 's death , she was hopeful those charges would follow .
" We always said from the very beginning that Kathleen and Stacy had one thing in common -- and that was Drew Peterson , " she said .
" So , hopefully , we 'll have news soon about Stacy , too . "
Ernie Raines is also relieved about the arrest .
His daughter , Christina Raines , is dating Peterson and was living with him before his arrest .
Ernie Raines told CNN 's Anderson Cooper he was with his daughter and Peterson as recently as last week , when they talked about going to Las Vegas , Nevada , and getting married .
Thursday night he spoke with his daughter after the arrest .
" My daughter was terrified , very emotional , upset , " Ernie Raines said .
" And I tried to tell her from the beginning that this was going to happen , be prepared . "
Ernie Raines said more than anything , when he heard about the arrest , he was relieved .
" I 'm glad justice finally came -- before he hurt my daughter , " he said .
Police put Peterson 's three minor children in the custody of the state 's children and family service department .
His adult son was contacted , at Peterson 's request , to take them , according to Capt .
Dobrich .
Dobrich said Peterson cooperated with police during his arrest .
CNN 's Susan Roesgen contributed to this report .
All About Missing Persons • Drew Peterson • Stacy Peterson
Rubina
Ali has been forced to move in with relatives
The government of the Indian state of Maharashtra has announced it will give new homes to the two child stars of the Slumdog Millionaire film .
The announcement by the state 's top official creates the possibility that the homeless pair will own two flats .
On Thursday , director Danny Boyle said a trust he had set up had bought a new home for one of the child stars , Azharuddin Ismail .
He said that another should soon be found for girl star Rubina Ali .
' Too small ' Rubina , 9 , and Azharuddin , 10 , both lost their homes this month when the Mumbai ( Bombay ) authorities demolished parts of their slum .
Azharuddin Ismail may end up owning two properties
The Chief Minister of Maharashtra , Ashok Chavan , said he had approved the transfer of two government apartments to the children on Friday to " enable them to live a life of dignity " .
But correspondents say their former neighbours in the slums will not be so lucky .
" Slumdog Millionaire has won Oscar recognition , " Mr Chavan told the Associated Press .
" We thought this would be a proper thing to honour these children acting in the film .
It would be a good gesture on the part of the government . "
However the mother of Azharuddin , Shamin Ismail , told the BBC that the apartment being offered by the government was in an unsuitable location away from the rest of her family - in the far western suburb of Malad .
" Our family may grow and it would be better if we had a bigger house , " she said .
" My son worked very hard during the making of the film so it 's only fair if he gets bigger accommodation . "
' Glamorous world '
Mr Boyle , who has been criticised for not helping the child actors enough , on Thursday blamed the press for raising their expectations .
Danny
Boyle set up a trust which is supposed to look after the child stars " Inevitably , the tension and pressure is media generated , " he said .
He said he hoped a new home would also be found for Rubina Ali , who played Latika , before the monsoon rains in June .
" They were given access to a world , an extraordinary and glamorous world , and they understandably want their lives to be completely transformed , " he said .
Earlier this month , the authorities tore the children 's slum homes down .
Since then Rubina has been staying with relatives and Azharuddin has been living in a makeshift shanty with his parents .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In an interview with CNBC , Representative Barney Frank says he wants to push for prosecution of the people who caused the country 's financial meltdown .
The Massachusetts Democrat says he has no specific targets in mind , but says the most significant thing lawmakers can do is make past bad practices illegal .
Frank also said that he was glad some U.S. banks had been returning government TARP money and said that was a sign that the banks were feeling more stabilized .
Police were forced to go to court for a closure order on a controversial cannabis cafe they thought they had already shut down .
People plagued by disruption from the Hole in the Wall cafe in Freshbrook Road , Lancing , thought they had won their long running battle to get it closed last month .
But they were stunned when police chiefs sent them a letter saying an eviction notice served on those who run the cafe was flawed .
Chief Inspector James Asser , Sussex Police ’s district commander for Adur , wrote : “ Having been in discussion with those making this application it appears that , due to an administrative feature of this case , the eviction will be reversed .
“ I understand how disappointed you will be but assure you that local officers will continue to patrol the area to prevent antisocial behaviour . ”
But an interim closure order was served on the cafe on Sunday and a district judge issued a three - month closure order at Worthing Magistrates Court yesterday .
Ch Insp Asser and Tim Loughton , the MP for Shoreham and East Worthing , told district judge Roger Ede about the “ fear and intimidation ” suffered by local residents from people going to and from the cafe .
One 76 - year - old , who did not want to be named , said she had had a panic alarm fitted in her home after one man threatened to firebomb her property near the cannabis cafe .
Ch Insp Asser said : “ The building is designed to frustrate the law with poles set in concrete and razor wire around it .
“ It is the most fortified building in Britain and is designed to frustrate our execution of search warrants . ”
He told the court that incinerators had been installed in the building and when police arrived there was a strong smell of cannabis as smoke came from the building .
Mr Loughton said the cannabis cafe was “ by far ” the biggest problem raised by residents in Lancing .
He told the court : “ The local residents were not absolutely sure that the closure would be the end of it because there had been so many false dawns before , but the sense of relief was immense .
“ The sense of desperation that this has turned out to be the latest false dawn will be catastrophic and frustrating .
“ It really will be a body blow to the local community if the place is not kept shut permanently . ”
District Judge Ede said he was satisfied that “ on the balance of probabilities ” the cafe was being used to supply cannabis .
He added : “ If it was being used to provide cream teas you would not need all the fortification there .
“ These are people who have set themselves against the law and have built themselves an intimidating fortress so they can carry on their unlawful activities .
“ I consider that the activities there causes consistent and significant nuisance to local residents . ”
Ch Insp Asser said : “ This is a victory for local residents who have had to put up with fear and intimidation as well as the supply of a controlled drug on their doorsteps .
“ The cafe will be closed now for three months while we consider further legal action to ensure they do n't go back again .
“ There was a flaw in the submission by a private company in an eviction notice in relation to the premises .
They will be re-applying for a new eviction notice .
“ I do n't feel we have been made to look foolish .
I have to work within the law . ”
Rosemary Wilkinson , who lives in Freshbrook Road , said : “ We thought the problem had been solved .
“ Then we got a letter saying that the eviction had been overturned because of some clause in the eviction notice .
“ We were very upset and thought that might allow it to re-open but thankfully , it has n't .
“ It is brilliant news that they have got a three month closure order while they sort it all out . ”
The other day I was at Long John Silvers with a friend ..
Where I live Long Johns is combined with A&W ( burger joint for those who do n’t know ) .
My friend really likes the fish at Long John Silvers and saw their new advertisement : London Style fish and chips !
So my friend went up to the counter and asked a very simple question .
We were not prepared for an answer that caused our brains to stop working for 5 minutes .
My Friend : “ What ’s the difference between the ‘ London Style ’ and regular style fish and chips ? ”
Long Johns Counter Monkey : “ None ”
Us : “ … … ”
Okay , so Long Johns Silver is now advertising this new “ London Style ” fish and chips … but its the exact same as the regular fish and chips ?
What the fuck ?
How can it be a new ‘ style ’ if its the exact same thing ?
The definition of the word new includes such things as ; never seen before , original .
This is obviously not a new style of doing fish .
But I bet you a lot of people went to Long Johns today and ordered the “ London Style ” thinking it was some awesome thing they ’ve never had before !
Well you were all fooled !
Long John Silvers is run by liars !!
Phony !
PHONY !!!
Is it just me or is the world getting more retarded ?
Intel yesterday previewed the next big , bad Xeon chip based on the latest 45 nm high -k metal gate technology process , codenamed Nahelem - EX .
The Nehalem - EX chip features up to eight cores inside a single chip , and thanks to HyperThreading will support 16 threads .
I ’ll also pack an impressive 24 MB of cache .
Intel boasts that the “ performance increase will be dramatic , posting the highest - ever jump from a previous generation processor , ” with “ up to nine times the memory bandwidth of the previous - generation Intel Xeon 7400 platform . ”
The upcoming chip will also inherit reliability , availability and serviceability ( RAS ) features traditionally found in the Itanium processor family , such as Machine Check Architecture ( MCA ) Recovery .
Those looking to build serious servers out of the Nehalem - EX will be able to build systems that scale up to eight - sockets that are capable of processing 128 threads simultaneously .
Each CPU socket will also support 16 memory slots , doubling what was possible in the previous generation , and offer four high - bandwidth QuickPath Interconnect links .
Intel and IBM have provided a short introduction video showing off ( very briefly ) a server system running the aforementioned eight - socket , 128 thread setup .
Nehalem - EX is scheduled for production in the second half of 2009 .
The art of statesmanship is to foresee the inevitable and to expedite its occurrence .
This month is a very special month for Phusion .
Not only was it one year ago that we posted our ideas on getting Ruby to work on all PHP platforms ( RAHP ) as an April fools joke , but it was also the month that Hongli and I officially founded Phusion , the Computer Science company at the Dutch chamber of commerce .
Needless to say , seeing as this is Phusion ’s first year anniversary as a company , we felt strongly inclined to go the extra mile and make this one count .
Instead of making yet another April fools joke , we wanted to take the opportunity to announce a long - awaited addition to our Phusion Passenger line - up .
In a way , I guess the joke would be that this really is n’t a joke . 😀
We are glad to announce …
Ever since the first release of Phusion Passenger for Apache , some people have been asking us to create a Phusion Passenger for platform XYZ .
Well , it may come to you as no surprise but we ’ve been playing with similar ideas for quite some time .
In fact , we ’ve architected Phusion Passenger to be as independent from any specific web server as possible to make something like this an option to consider to begin with .
For us however , maintaining a product to live up to the high quality standards that you ’ve come to expect of our products requires a lot of time and effort .
Maintaining multiple versions of a project wo n’t exactly lower this amount of required effort and with limited resources in mind , this made us a bit reluctant on doing something like this from the start .
Instead , we chose to focus our efforts on polishing up one version before ever deciding to make the jump to another server platform , a choice from which we ’d be able to reap the fruits from in tenfold .
Not only in terms of experience , but also in terms of having a more robust and solid code base to work from .
Even though we would be able to share a lot of code between different server versions from an architectural point of view , this would only be a small benefit compared to the work that would still be required .
Not only would a fair deal of specific code need to be written but also maintained and documented .
This process in particular is painful if the server software you ’re writing it for does n’t have any documentation itself , which became all too apparent for us in some particular cases .
Despite being able to successfully create several versions , we were n’t able to infer significant benefits over the Apache version , both from a technical point of view as well as from an ease of use point of view .
In fact , in past articles we ’ve elaborated on both points quite a deal and had decided not to pursue its release in favor of polishing the core foundations of Phusion Passenger first and foremost .
However , reasons like these usually only play a small part in the choice of technology .
Company policies and dependencies of other software usually play a bigger part in deciding this , and with this in mind , Apache might not always be an option .
In this regard , we ’ve always wanted to accommodate the largest denominator and it is for this reason that the initial version of Phusion Passenger and the ones that followed were exclusively for Apache .
Until today that is .
A few weeks ago , as you may still remember from the comments in this article , Ezra of Engine Yard contacted us on the possibility of financially sponsoring a first release of Phusion Passenger for Nginx .
Even though we had already written the majority of the code for Nginx Passenger quite a few months ago , we did n’t feel it was the right time to release it back then .
By the time of this writing however , Phusion Passenger is almost one year old and as mature as it has ever been thanks to all the contributions people have made during this time .
With this in mind , we decided to accept Ezra ’s offer .
After spending weeks on further development and intensive testing , we ’ve now come to the point wherein we have the distinct honor to announce Phusion Passenger for Nginx as an addition to the Phusion Passenger server line - up ..
Our thanks goes out to Engine Yard for financially sponsoring this first release of Phusion Passenger for Nginx , as well as all the people who have in some way donated in the past for making this release possible in the first place .
Great , how do I get started ?
Geoffrey Grosenbach of Peepcode fame has kindly created a screencast for us .
This screencast covers everything you need to get started with deploying a Rails / Ruby web application on Nginx using Phusion Passenger .
In a nutshell , you first need to install the Phusion Passenger gem :
sudo gem install passenger
( Note : Rubyforge might still be updating their mirrors .
If the above command did n’t install 2.2.0 for you and you can’t wait , then download the 2.2.0 gem from Google Code )
Both the Apache and the Nginx version are contained in the same gem , which keeps things nice and simple !
Next , you need to run the passenger - install - nginx - module command , similar to what you ’re used to when installing the Apache version :
sudo passenger - install - nginx - module
Nginx does n’t support loadable modules like Apache does , so it needs to be compiled from scratch .
But the installer can do this for you as well !
You can of course also choose to compile Nginx manually .
Once Nginx has been compiled and installed , the installer will tell you how to configure Nginx and how to deploy a Rails application on Nginx .
A typical deploy server bock looks like this :
server { listen 80 ; server_name www.foo.com; root / webapps/ foo/public ; # We 've also spent a lot of effort on documenting Phusion Passenger for Nginx .
For detailed installation instructions and usage instructions , please refer to the users guide for Nginx .
If you prefer to install Phusion Passenger via the source tarball instead , then that 's also possible .
Please read the included README for installation instructions .
Where to report bugs
If you 've found a bug , please do not post it in a comment , but file an issue on our issue tracker instead .
Other changes
In addition to bringing you an Nginx version of Phusion Passenger , we 've also made improvements in the Apache version .
The most important changes are :
Support for chunked file uploads Resource - limited HTTP clients , such as mobile devices , often send HTTP file uploads using the " chunked " transfer encoding in order to save resources .
Previous versions of Phusion Passenger did n't support this , but now it does !
Please note that chunked file uploads is only supported in the Apache version ; the Nginx version does n't because does n't support chunked file uploads .
Support for Capistrano - style deployments
Whenever you deploy a new release with Capistrano , previous versions of Phusion Passenger will leave the application processes of the last release running until they idle timeout .
This includes the old release 's ApplicationSpawner server process .
This is caused by the fact that Phusion Passenger uniquely identifies an application based on its canonical path , meaning that any symlinks in the paths are fully resolved .
In Capistrano - style deployments , the ' current ' directory is actually a symlink to a release directory , so every time you deploy a new release , Phusion Passenger thinks that it's a totally different application .
This issue has now been fixed , and Phusion Passenger no longer resolves symlinks anymore .
So whenever you deploy a new release with Capistrano , Phusion Passenger will properly detect it as being the same application .
If you had any hacks in your deploy.rb for killing off old processes , then you can remove them now !
Ability to load application_controller.rb from non-standard directory
In some applications , application_controller.rb is located in the search path , though not in app / controllers .
Support for this kind of setup has been fixed .
Worker process event hooks for Rack The :starting_worker_process and :stopping_worker_process event hooks have been implemented for Rack as well .
Thanks to Saimon Moore .
Some final words
We initially planned to announce this release at the coming Railsconf , but the temptation was just too big to announce this on our very first anniversary .
Also , if all goes as scheduled , we may have an even bigger announcement at Railsconf , so stay tuned !
😉
Follow us on Twitter too to stay in the loop ( @phusion_nl )
“ Speaking for myself personally , it has put me in a difficult position , ” Ms. Horton said .
“ But I am going to uphold the law . ”
She noted that by midafternoon no same - sex couples had sought licenses at her office .
Image Rebecca Bird , 41 , left , and Sandra Quandt , 48 , waiting for a marriage license in Davenport , Iowa , on Monday with Ms. Birds sister , Jamie Lee , 28 , and niece , Shelbie Stevens , 3 . Credit ... Amanda Rivkin for The New York Times
Chuck Hurley , the leader of the Iowa Family Policy Center , which opposes such marriages , said he and others were distressed that state lawmakers had adjourned for the year on Sunday without agreeing to begin the process of amending the State Constitution to stop the unions .
Mr. Hurley , who delivered a petition with thousands of signatures to the recorder here early Monday , told reporters that more people had not turned out to object because they were busy “ raising children and going to work . ”
“ People I associate with are very much law - abiding people , ” he said .
“ They ’re not going to chain themselves to their recorders ’ offices . ”
Iowa joins Connecticut and Massachusetts in allowing same - sex marriage , and Vermont will follow in September .
California also allowed them for about six months until voters there rejected the idea in November .
The Iowa Supreme Court ’s ruling on April 3 , which surprised many here , spurred a new set of technical , philosophical and legal questions , which public officials and others have been racing to sort through over the past three weeks .
State officials were rushing to change the wording on marriage license applications and other official documents to reflect the change .
The forms now refer to “ Party A ” and “ Party B ” and give applicants an option to describe themselves as “ bride , ” “ groom ” or “ spouse . ”
Though the court ’s ruling had no direct effect on religious leaders , many must decide whether to marry same - sex couples .
Members of some denominations are divided on the matter .
Gravity and Branes
Summary
Can a small magnet pull or push something away from the entire Earth ?
The answer to this question is revealed in this video .
According to the quantum gravity theory , all fundamental particles like quarks and electrons exist as vibrating sources of energy in three dimensional space .
But particles such as gravitons exist in more than three dimensions .
Forces such as the gravitational force exist in those dimensions and hence the force seems weak to us .
Although it is impossible for us to picture more than 3 dimensions , on a tiny scale space has extra dimensions at every point .
We experience less gravitational force because quite a bit of it “ leaks ” into those other dimensions .
Advertisements
Fox News has now taken to claiming that their promotion and coverage of the Tea Party protests this week is fair and balanced because they covered other populist protests in the past .
Neil Cavuto cited the network ’s coverage of the Million Man March in1995 , even though the network did n’t exist until 1996 , as a reason for their involvement in the Tea Parties .
Here is the video courtesy of Think Progress :
It would be one thing if Cavuto made the mistake once , but he has said that Fox News covered the Million Man March five times in the last few days .
Somebody at FNC finds it necessary to maintain the lie that they are fair and balanced .
Frankly , I do n’t care if they are fair and balanced or not .
If they want to tilt right , that ’s fine , but stop treating people like they are idiots who ca n’t possibly figure out that the march occurred in 1995 , and the network was launched in 1996 .
Unless Roger Ailes has some sort of secret time machine , FNC could not have covered the Million Man March .
Advertisements
I wish FNC would just be honest and say , “ Look , we are the right wing network .
MSNBC is the left wing , and we are the right .
It is what we do , and our audience loves it . ”
Stop pretending like the Tea Parties are anything other than an attempt to help the GOP get some of their mojo back .
Even if we disregard the stupidity of protesting a president with an approval rating in the solid 60s , Fox News by its promotion of an ideological political event is no longer fair and balanced .
They ca n’t claim neutrality while helping to organize and promote a conservative event .
It does n’t work that way .
I suspect that the Tea Parties will do well in states that places where the Republicans are strong , like the South .
I doubt that there will be any sort of national outcry against Obama .
There are a couple of reasons why .
First , most people support and agree with his policies .
Second , if America did not to take to the streets against the historically unpopular George W. Bush , I do n’t see them protesting against a president that they actually like .
No matter the turnout FNC is certain to claim a victory for popular rebellion against Obama .
You can bet on that for sure .
" ....
It was March 16th , 1981 , one year after the introduction of the Pentax LX .
The ten -millionth Pentax SLR camera , an LX , came out of AOCs main plant in Mashiko and was given to the chief designer , then chairman of Asahi Opt. Co. Ltd. Minoru Suzuki .
In order to celebrate this 10 million event , on August 25th , 1981 a limited edition " LX Gold " was introduced .
It was 18 carat gold plated with brown leather ( also - called lizard skin or snake skin ) and was equipped with an SMC Pentax f/1.2 50 mm lens also with brown leather and gold finish .
All dark details of the LX Gold are dark - brown instead of black , including the front lens ring and film chamber , with only the film pressure plate and the small watch curtain in black .
Of course , the natural titanium shutter curtains remain unchanged .
Also a brown lens cap and everready case were provided with the LX Gold .
The package included a wooden box with red lining and white silk gloves to handle the camera without leaving fingerprints on the sensitive gold plating .
Both the camera and the case are provided with golden carton boxes sporting 10 million logo and 1981 lettering .
Only 300 pieces of the LX Gold were manufactured , 200 pcs for the Japanese home market and 100 pcs for the international market .
Serial numbers for the LX Gold ranged from XM001 to XM300 ( XM meaning ten million ) .
Sales started in November 1981 at 850,000
Yen , but not all of them , were sold , as some were either given to Pentax importers worldwide or became prizes for photo contests .
In 1983 , Mr. Greg Peck won an LX Gold as first prize in a photo contest held by British magazine Camera Weekly .
Mr. Peck was already a Pentax LX user and member of the Pentax Club UK .
As far as I know , today in Italy there are only three LX Gold cameras , two of them being owned by AOHC members and the third one gifted by Api to a sales representative on occasion of his retirement after many years of service with them .
The LX Gold XM028 was also shown at 5th Pentax Day .
An American friend of mine owns another one ( XM011 ) .
Apparently , the LX Gold for the US market had a different type of leather , maybe for import laws about leather of endangered species .
- By Dario Bonazza -
The original article was published on SPOTMATIC magazine # 25 , July 2000 .
The Original Content of the above can also be found < at this website >
| NEXT |
By Jonathan Fildes
Science and technology reporter , BBC News
NIF can recreate the conditions inside an exploding star
When the world 's most powerful laser facility flicks the switch on its first full - scale experiments later this month , a tiny star will be born on Earth .
The National Ignition Facility ( NIF ) in California aims to demonstrate the feasibility of nuclear fusion , the reaction at the heart of the Sun and a potentially abundant , clean energy source for the planet .
But whilst many eyes at the facility will be locked on the goal of satisfying humanity 's energy demands , many scientists hope to answer other fundamental questions for mankind .
" In recreating the process of fusion it was always understood that we could pursue three areas of interest and value , " explained Dr Erik Storm of the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory ( LLNL ) , the home of NIF .
First and foremost , NIF has been built for national security purposes , to study the conditions that exist in nuclear explosions and the way that nuclear weapons perform .
" That gives you an ability to maintain a credible nuclear deterrent in the absence of underground nuclear testing , " said Dr Storm .
" Then , we can study the physics of fusion - can you make a fusion power plant here on our planet ?
And we can do basic physics and planetary science . "
Right on time
It is this last area that has got the attention of scientists around the world , who hope to use the machine to study distant phenomena , such as the formation of planets or the violent explosions of supernovae , from the comfort of the lab .
HOW NIF TRIGGERS FUSION
A pea-sized spherical capsule is filled with fusion fuel
This comprises a 150 - microgram mix of deuterium and tritium
The NIF laser set - up pulses for 20 billionths of a second
For that time , it generates about 500 trillion watts
That 's equivalent to five million million 100 - watt light bulbs
All the laser power is focused on to the capsule 's surface
The fuel is compressed to a density 100 times that of lead
It is heated to more than 100 million degrees Celsius Under these extreme conditions , fusion is initiated
How to build a star on Earth " To understand where we find ourselves in the Universe and what we find ourselves made of , one really needs to understand exploding stars , " explained Professor Paul Drake of the University of Michigan .
He is just one of a number of researchers waiting in the wings at NIF who hope to test their theories using the giant facility .
" At NIF you can schedule a supernova explosion for Thursday at nine in the morning instead of waiting for one to happen by accident in the Universe , " said Dr Storm .
" And you can change experiments each time .
So you can do a supernova explosion again , and again and again . "
Other facilities , such as the Omega laser at the University of Rochester in New York , are already used for this kind of test .
But NIF 's 192 lasers will deliver more energy than any facility has ever done , giving scientists an unprecedented glimpse into what are usually distant cosmic processes .
During fusion experiments , the beams briefly focus 500 trillions watts of power - more than the peak electrical generating power of the entire United States - on to a ball - bearing - sized pellet of hydrogen fuel .
See how the laser works
The intense energy creates temperatures of 100 million degrees and pressures billions of times greater than Earth 's atmospheric pressure , forcing the hydrogen nuclei to fuse and a colossal amount of energy to be released .
In the astrophysical experiments , however , the fuel pellet would be substituted for a half - sphere of layered elements , designed to mimic the core of a star .
The periodic table that we learn about when we first start chemistry is fundamentally altered at pressures of a million atmospheres
Professor Ray Jeanloz
UC Berkeley " You choose the material and the structures between them to be relevant to what happens when the star explodes , " explained Professor Drake .
" The laser would strike the centre - the analogue of the core of the star - launching a tremendously strong shock wave that would blow the material apart . "
The whole experiment may take just billionths of a second , meaning the explosion has to be monitored in incredible detail by a suite of sensors .
" The challenge is to do experiments that reproduce the conditions that occur and then scale the results to the astrophysical environment . "
This should allow the researchers to probe the insides of stars and supernovae in unprecedented detail and understand more about how these astronomical objects came into being .
Diamond showers
But it is not just astrophysicists who are excited about getting their hands on NIF .
Planetary scientists also want to get hold of the machine to test their theories about how planets and solar systems formed .
Hydrocarbons would actually decompose to a mixture of hydrogen and a carbon - the end result being that diamonds would actually be hailing out of the atmosphere .
Ray Jeanloz
" The architecture of the Solar System was very likely controlled to some extent by the existence of planets like Jupiter , " said Professor David Stevenson of the California Institute of Technology .
The gravity of the giant planet controlled the position of vast clouds of dust and debris in our cosmic neighbourhood and therefore what building blocks were available to form the other planets , including Earth .
And since 300 gas giants that have a similar mass or are bigger than Jupiter have recently been found orbiting other distant stars , understanding how and when these giants form could also help shed light on the evolution of other planetary systems .
To do this , scientists have turned to NIF to try to understand more about the extreme temperatures and pressures at the heart of the planets and their effects on matter .
Previous generations of experimental facilities were able to create pressures up to a million times that found at sea level on Earth ; NIF 's lasers will be able to produce pressures up to billions of atmospheres .
" These are conditions that exist inside these super giant planets , " Professor Ray Jeanloz , of the University of California , Berkeley , told BBC News .
At these crushing pressures , he said , the conventional understanding of chemistry and the behaviour of materials is turned on its head .
" The periodic table that we learn about when we first start chemistry is fundamentally altered at pressures of a million atmospheres , " he said .
" By a billion atmospheres , we expect even more dramatic changes . "
Giant laser experiment powers up Laser vision fuels energy future For example , at millions of atmospheres , the bonds between atoms begin to break down .
At billions of pressures , the atoms themselves begin to be crushed .
" This regime has never been explored before , " Professor Jeanloz told BBC News .
Scientists hope to probe what happens to abundant elements such as hydrogen and helium , as well as life - critical materials such as carbon and water .
" It 's only been in the last year that the theoretical community has really pursued these calculations .
We 're just beginning to get a more detailed sense [ of what might come out of NIF ] . "
However , even lower pressure experiments hint that the results may range from the exotic to the bizarre .
For example , tests have shown that hydrogen - the most abundant element in the Universe - becomes a metallic fluid at pressures similar to those found inside the Earth .
Whilst at higher pressures , such as those found on Jupiter , stranger things begin to happen .
" Hydrocarbons would actually decompose to a mixture of hydrogen and a carbon , " explained Professor Jeanloz .
" The end result being that diamonds would actually be hailing out of the atmosphere .
" That 's the kind of process you would never have guessed unless you had studied the materials themselves . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Return to the top
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
H.R. 2194 ( 111th ) was a bill in the United States Congress .
A bill must be passed by both the House and Senate in identical form and then be signed by the President to become law .
Bills numbers restart every two years .
That means there are other bills with the number H.R. 2194 .
This is the one from the 111th Congress .
This bill was introduced in the 111th Congress , which met from Jan 6 , 2009 to Dec 22 , 2010 .
Legislation not enacted by the end of a Congress is cleared from the books .
How to cite this information .
We recommend the following MLA - formatted citation when using the information you see here in academic work :
GovTrack.us. ( 2020 ) .
H.R. 2194 — 111th Congress : Comprehensive Iran Sanctions , Accountability , and Divestment Act of 2010 .
Retrieved from https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/111/hr2194
“ H.R. 2194 — 111th Congress : Comprehensive Iran Sanctions , Accountability , and Divestment Act of 2010 . ” www.GovTrack.us.
2009 .
September 30 , 2020 < https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/111/hr2194>
Comprehensive Iran Sanctions , Accountability , and Divestment Act of 2010 , Pub . L. No. 111-195 , H.R. 2194 , 111th Cong .. {{cite web
|url=https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/111/hr2194
|title=H.R. 2194 ( 111th )
|accessdate =September 30 , 2020
|author=111th Congress ( 2009 )
|date =April 30 , 2009
|work=Legislation
|publisher=GovTrack.us
|quote =Comprehensive Iran Sanctions , Accountability , and Divestment Act of 2010
}} show another citation format :
MLA
APA
Blue Book
Wikipedia Template
Where is this information from ?
GovTrack automatically collects legislative information from a variety of governmental and non-governmental sources .
This page is sourced primarily from Congress.gov , the official portal of the United States Congress .
Congress.gov is generally updated one day after events occur , and so legislative activity shown here may be one day behind .
Data via the congress project .
In Massachusetts , a young woman makes genetically modified E. coli in a closet she converted into a home lab .
A part - time DJ in Berkeley , Calif. , works in his attic to cultivate viruses extracted from sewage .
In Seattle , a grad - school dropout wants to breed algae in a personal biology lab .
These hobbyists represent a growing strain of geekdom known as biohacking , in which do - it - yourselfers tinker with the building blocks of life in the comfort of their own homes .
Some of them buy DNA online , then fiddle with it in hopes of curing diseases or finding new biofuels .
But are biohackers a threat to national security ?
That was the question lurking behind a phone call that Katherine Aull got earlier this year .
Ms. Aull , 23 years old , is designing a customized E. coli in the closet of her Cambridge , Mass. , apartment , hoping to help with cancer research .
She 's got a DNA " thermocycler " bought on eBay for $ 59 , and an incubator made by combining a styrofoam box with a heating device meant for an iguana cage .
A few months ago , she talked about her hobby on DIY Bio , a Web site frequented by biohackers , and her work was noted in New Scientist magazine .
It was opening night and the 46 students who make up the cast and crew of Corona del Mar High School ’s production of “ Rent : School Edition ” were scrambling through a hallway that doubles as a backstage for the school ’s tiny student theater .
Hannah Lindt , 18 , made last - minute tweaks Thursday to the costumes she spent months searching for at thrift stores , tearing apart and tailoring to fit just so .
Sienna Petree , 13 , put make - up on cast members -- a homeless person , then a junkie and a cross- dressing street musician named Angel .
Outside , all but one gate to the affluent Newport Beach school was closed .
Guy Olguin , principal of Corona del Mar ’s middle school , directed a staff of security guards in black uniforms .
One guard was sent to wander the theater halls , another was positioned at the entrance to the stage , a couple were sent to the front of the school , and another headed to the open gate .
Ever since it was first proposed , the production of the modified version of the Broadway musical about artists struggling to survive in New York City under the shadow of AIDS has been mired in months of controversy .
Advertisement
The show was nearly canceled .
The American Civil Liberties Union sued the school , alleging that the campus fosters a homophobic and sexist atmosphere .
A handful of members of Westboro Baptist Church in Kansas , which is known for its anti-gay protests , vowed to come to the campus to demonstrate against what it saw as the godless enablers of homosexuality .
Ron Martin , the theater teacher and director , said he chose the production after a video appeared on Facebook showing Corona del Mar students using anti-gay slurs and after he overheard students using anti-homosexual insults on campus .
He said he hoped the show would help teach students tolerance .
By midday Friday , the protesters had arrived .
There were three of them , carrying signs that said , " [ Gays ] Are Beasts , ” among others .
As they gathered on the sidewalk , several students came together in counter - protest on the other side of the street .
Within minutes , more than 200 -- some wearing rainbow tie - dye shirts and holding peace signs -- stood sentry in front of the campus , clutching signs that said , “ Support Love , ” “ God Hates No One ” and “ Love Is Not a Sin . ”
Advertisement
The students turned the protest into a mini-celebration , singing songs from the musical and breaking into the school ’s own fight song .
A couple ran through the crowd in swim trunks , with the words “ God Loves Gays ” written across their chests .
One was wrapped in a rainbow - colored cloth .
Another wore a handmade shirt that read , “ Love Is Equal . ”
At one point , several students ran across the street to stand near the protesters .
They shouted , “ God loves gays and lesbians too , ” and waved their signs at passing cars .
Minutes later , Fred Phelps , pastor of Westboro Baptist Church , and his supporters walked away , taking their signs with them .
Martin , the theater teacher who had hoped his choice in musicals might touch some students , came by for a few minutes .
But he walked away quickly , fighting tears .
“ I ’m proud of them , ” he said .
Several cast and crew members stood nearby .
In a few hours they would be at it again , tweaking costumes , applying makeup , rehearsing their lines and singing their songs for the second night ’s show .
Advertisement
--
paloma.esquivel@latimes.com
Apple CEO
Steve Jobs underwent a liver transplant in Tennessee about two months ago , said Arik Hesseldahl in BusinessWeek .
This “ potentially explosive ” news about Apple ’s “ irreplaceable creative and aesthetic powerhouse ” could have spooked investors , but The Wall Street Journal broke the story early Saturday morning , after Apple ’s “ enormously successful ” launch of its newest iPhone , so it was an “ optimal ” time for the news to leak .
The timing was suspiciously good for Apple , said John Gruber in Daring Fireball , which raises the question : Who gave the Journal the story ?
The story , very oddly , does n’t cite any source for the news , but the leak likely came from Jobs ’ health - care provider , an Apple executive , or from Jobs himself .
The story is a little “ unflattering ” to Jobs , suggesting that his new liver could have been put to better use , so an Apple board member is “ my best guess . ”
Jobs was lucky to get a new liver , said Sally Satel in Forbes , and he probably chose Tennessee because the transplant wait is much shorter there than in California — moving for a transplant is “ perfectly legal , ” if expensive , and Jobs would 've been “ crazy ” not to have done it .
Still , once he returns to Apple later this month , maybe he can launch an “ iLiver initiative ” for those facing liver failure who ca n’t afford to move .
“ Steve Jobs is n’t really coming back as CEO , ” said tech analyst Joe Wilcox , and certainly not in June , as promised .
You do n’t recover from a liver transplant for at least six months , and the transplant means Jobs ’ pancreatic cancer has returned and spread .
The iPhone launch was a clever “ misdirection ” to blunt the impact of that “ public company equivalent of an atomic bomb . ”
By Yvonne Murray
BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Inquiries into alleged child abuse by Catholic orders in the Irish Republic are due to publish their findings .
The Commission to Inquire into Child Abuse , investigating claims of abuse in state schools and orphanages since the 1940s , reports on Wednesday .
A second report , due later this summer , is expected to criticise the handling of sex abuse complaints involving more than 100 priests in Dublin from 1975 - 2004 .
The commission has heard testimony from the residents of the state institutions where Ireland 's poorest children , as well as the infants of unmarried mothers , were sent .
The way the church handled the scandals , as we now know , was not exemplary to put it mildly
Father Vincent Twomey
It was established following the airing of a documentary for Irish television on industrial schools , produced by Mary Raftery .
" There was widespread sexual abuse , particularly in the boys ' institutions , " she said .
" Extremely vicious and sadistic physical abuse , way off the scale , and horrific emotional abuse , designed to break the children .
" We had people talk to us about hearing screams ... the screams of children in the night coming from these buildings and really not knowing what to do .
" They did n't know to whom they could complain because the power in the town was the religious order running the institution . "
Mary Raftery has written a book about the alleged child abuse
All the institutions have since closed down , but the commission will make recommendations to prevent the future abuse of children in state care .
The second report has been investigating cases involving more than 100 priests in Ireland 's Archdiocese of Dublin .
The Archbishop of Dublin Diarmuid Martin , who is seen as a reformer , used his homily on Holy Thursday to warn the gathering of Ireland 's senior clergymen that the report would " shock us all " .
He said : " It is likely that thousands of children or young people across Ireland were abused by priests in the period under investigation and the horror of that abuse was not recognised for what it is . "
Andrew Madden , who was the first victim of a paedophile priest to come forward , said he was angry the state inquiry had taken so long .
' Too much power '
He said : " It is 14 years since I first went public about this practice the Catholic Church had of moving priests with a record of child abuse on to another parish which would give them further access to children .
" Only now is the state ready to publish a report into that practice ... and then look at what it needs to do to change it . "
Ireland is a very different country now to the one shocked to the core by the first revelations involving child abuse by the clergy , some 15 years ago .
The Church was slow to face up to cases of abuse , says Father Twomey
It was traditionally one of the most Catholic countries in the world , but when the scandals began to emerge , congregations diminished and new vocations to religious orders fell dramatically .
The Church was heavily criticised for failing to deal with priests who abused .
" The way the Church handled the scandals , as we now know , was not exemplary to put it mildly , " said Father Vincent Twomey , Professor Emeritus of Moral Theology at the National University of Ireland .
" But the Church has learned , or was pushed to learning , that it had to do something and the result has been very positive , " he said .
" It has come up with a series of guidelines for the protection of children and they will go a long way to ensure that what has gone on in the past will never be repeated . "
But Colm O'Gorman , who was abused by one of Ireland 's most notorious paedophiles Fr Sean Fortune , believes the Church still has too much power , particularly in education .
" Well over 90 % of all Irish primary schools are administered by the Catholic Church in Ireland , " he said .
" The local bishop is responsible for child protection within those schools .
" That means we still have a situation where an institution that was so entirely negligent in how it addressed child protection concerns in the past , has full legal responsibility for child protection in the majority of Irish schools .
" That 's obviously a concern , and the state needs to do more in Ireland to take on that responsibility . "
When these two reports are released , this country - already rocked by a decade and a half of scandals - will be forced to reflect on a very dark period in its recent history .
The Catholic Church will once again face serious questions about its role in the abuse of Irish children in the past and perhaps its place in Irish society today .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The military newspaper Stars and Stripes confirmed in an article yesterday that LGBT groups have been active in delaying action on DADT in favor of other legislative priorities .
“ An official with the House Democratic leadership said the House is committed to repealing ‘ do n’t ask ’ but has agreed with civil rights groups to put new hate crime legislation and a workplace nondiscrimination bill on the legislative calendar before taking up the military issue . ”
This adds weight to previous claims that LGBT groups , particularly HRC , lobbied to delay any action on DADT , as reported by Daily Beast reporter Jason Bellini and later confirmed by Dr. Aaron Belkin , Director of the Palm Center .
HRC and Joe Solmonese have vehemently denied the allegations , but may now be losing donors because of it .
Post by ILO on 06/23/09 at 11:04 am
allow Ubuntu users to synchronize files between multiple computers via the internet and also share files using it's web interface or work remotely with those computers
After receiving the invitation , further , step - by - step installation instructions are also available on the website .
Canonical recommends a fully updated system before proceeding with the installation .
Adding the PPA is the first step and is easily done by clicking an apt-url - enabled " Add PPA " button ; the actual installation is done in the same way , this time by clicking the " Install " button on the same page .
The client will then be available in the Applications -->
Internet menu .
When first opening Ubuntu One , a website will launch , allowing you to add your computer to the synchronization list for your Ubuntu One account .
This step has to be done for every computer on which you install the application and want to be kept synchronized .
A handy icon will also be placed in the notification area , letting you access your files either locally or through the web interface
You will be able to choose between 2 plans : one with 2 GB of space available for free or the second one with 10 GB of available space which will cost $ 10.00 ( USD ) per month .
System Requirements : To use Ubuntu
One services , you need Ubuntu 9.04 or greater , a internet connection ( broadband or faster is recommended ) and Firefox or a similar standards - compliant web browser .
Canonical announced yesterday a new Synchronization service for Ubuntu machines .
The new tool is called Ubuntu One and it will For now , Ubuntu One is still in beta and based on an invitation only so interested users can sign up and joint the waiting list .
No , this Power Mac G4 Cube transformer robot is n’t CG .
A modder from thinkingbricks “ used a LEGO Mindstorms NXT kit and a Cube body to create a Cube - bot with both autonomous and remote control modes . ”
Video after the break .
[ via TUAW ]
Get off the table !
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Mirror Image
by Alicia Potter
Once , women worried about their figures while men scarfed pizza and beer with abandon .
Then came Soloflex ads , male anorexia , and ... plastic calves ?
John Updike once compared the male body to a bank account : as long as it's healthy , a man does n't think much about it .
Clearly John Updike never met Emanuel Ward .
Ward has the physique of a star sprinter .
His biceps bulge ; his calves curve ; under his green T - shirt , his stomach no doubt ripples .
Yet last summer the 27 - year - old Ward found himself fretting : how would he look in a swimsuit ?
Maybe not as buff as his buddies , he thought , vowing to step up his gym regimen .
" I did n't want to be ashamed , " he says .
Not a typical guy thing to say , right ?
Think again .
Being a man these days seems , well , an awful lot like being a woman .
For men , more than ever , looks count .
In Vogue and Men's Health alike , modern - day Adonises sell everything from protein powder to Armani cologne .
They 've got washboard abs , silky skin , nipples so erect they cast shadows .
The male torso reigns as the decade 's most powerful " crossover image " ( appealing to men , women , gays , and straights alike ) , reports Peter Arnell of the New York advertising agency the Arnell Group .
" It 's kind of sad , but sometimes I see a guy on TV who 's buff , " Ward says , " and if I have n't been working out , I think , Wow !
I better get back to the gym . "
He admits a Hanes underwear ad usually does the trick .
If this is gender equality , then the turning of the tables is not without a surprising , and potentially harmful , set of side effects .
As men become more body - conscious , and as advertisers become more shameless about objectifying the male physique , men are acquiring problems formerly associated with women : eating disorders , body obsessions , low physical self - esteem .
One body - image study found that 45 percent of men were dissatisfied with their physiques ; women were only slightly less satisfied at 55 percent .
Some women , like Gwynne Reynolds , a 28 - year - old marketing executive , say it 's about time .
" I think it 's only fair that men get a taste of what it 's like to be us , " she says .
Meanwhile , millions of guys on StairMasters are pondering what it means to be a man .
How else to explain the success of the movie The Full Monty , a 90 - minute riff on the crisis of the male self - image ?
The British comedy , about six laid - off steelworkers who put on a strip show despite their considerable physical flaws , has already raked in about $ 80 million worldwide .
Yes ,
The Full Monty was funny , but it revealed more than just flesh .
" You 'd better pray that women are more understanding about us , " one of the film 's characters says .
" Anti -wrinkle cream there is , anti-fat bastard cream there is not . "
This article originally appeared in The Boston Phoenix .
Part Two : Adonises in Underwear — the New Male Beauty Ideal
In October 2007 , Victoria Orizarska , a successful thirtysomething finance professional with a fantastic career , riveting social life and enviable wardrobe , decided to trade it all in for something completely irrational and unmarketable — the pursuit of a lifelong dream .
So she armed herself with a backpack and a camera , and set out to travel the world .
But besides the incredible richness of experiencing new cultures , Victoria was struck with something else — the devastating poverty stifling certain regions of the world .
So instead of tossing some spare change at some charity to alleviate her privileged guilt , she decided to start a philanthropic effort of her own — the 100 Girls Back to School Appeal was born .
Sitting at the beach at Copa Cabana , it was very difficult to ignore the kids that rush to collect my beer can as soon as I empty it , so they can make 1/20 of a $ 1 on it .
The effort aims to to raise funds for at least 100 school scholarships for girls in South East Asia , India and Nepal — some of the least - developed areas , where cultural bias and economic constraint prevent girls from getting the education needed to break the cycle .
To put this in the context of numbers , it will take roughly $ 250,000 to achieve the project ’s goal — $ 250 per girl per year , for 10 years .
But heartwarmingness aside , the effort oozes one very important takeaway — you do n’t have to be , or work for , an NGO to make a tangible difference .
The private sector holds formidable potential for solving global problems — just ask Acumen Fund ’s Jacqueline Novogratz .
So far , the effort has amassed over $ 28,000 .
Learn more about it , see the other side like you never have before ( did me mention Victoria ’s photography goes well beyond her self - described hobbyist level ? ) , and contribute to one of the best grassroots causes we ’ve come across in a while .
Persian Calligraphy by Hafiz Osman
In terms of religion , Iran was the birthplace of pre-Sanskrit and Zoroastrianism , which pre-dated Islam by about a millennia and was the main religion under Sassanid rule .
The Sassanid empires were among the most influential in the world between 224-651 , and the only power regarded as equal by the Romans .
They were eclipsed by the expansion of the Islamic empire in their Golden Age , which saw the invention of algebra , optics and the modern hospital .
Things went along fairly well until the twelfth century , which saw the invasion of Genghis Khan who massacred more than half of Iran 's population ( also going on to sack Baghdad , the centre of early Islamic culture ) .
Descendants of Khan continued to quell uprisings for years , eventually reducing the population from 2.5 million to 250,000 over 40 years .
The Black Death later wiped out another third .
These huge setbacks took hundreds of years to recover from once Islamic rule was regained .
First Iranian female pilot Sadiqeh Dowlatshahi
Moving to the 20th century , First - World - War - weakened Qajar Dynasty was overthrown by army commander Reza Shah in 1921 , who set about modernising Iran .
He hired foreign consultants to help consolidate the country 's infrastructure , linking railroads , improving health care and establishing a public education system .
He also implemented the Woman 's Awakening in the 30s , which required that they discard their veils , and opened doors to employment and education .
The Shah declared Iran neutral during World War II , and refused pressure from Russia to allow the transit of Allied arms through the country .
As a result , Britain and Russia invaded and forced the Shah to abdicate the throne in favour of his son .
They were then able to regain oil resources which the Shah had taken from British companies , and use the country for non-military war efforts .
Mohammed Mossadeq under house arrest
The first democratic elections in 20 years resulted in Mohammed Mossadeq rising to power in 1951 , largely on the back of his policy to nationalise the oil fields which had been co-opted by Britain during the war .
Britain was unhappy about losing the massive oil profits and , with American assistance , soon planned a coup d'état .
It was to be the CIA 's first , but they carried it off with flair , paying fake protesters on both sides to stimulate unrest .
Fazlollah Zahedi was installed as Prime Minister - a man who had been arrested by the Allies during WWII for trying to establish a pro-Nazi government .
So in less than a decade Britain had once invaded Iran out of fear that they might ally with the Nazis , and again in order to put a sympathiser in power .
Shah Reza Pahlavi ( son of the first Shah ) was involved in the coup , and subsequently his power increased .
By the 1970s he had abolished the multi-party political system in favour of a single sponsored party with forced national membership .
The Iranian Revolution should not therefore have come as a surprise .
Shia cleric Ayatollah Khomeini , who opposed the Shah 's equality reforms for women and religious minorities , led protests that would last two years .
Jaleh Square , Black Friday 1978
Despite the Shah 's pro-American stance for years , the US did not come to his aid .
In desperation he banned demonstations ( a measure recently echoed by the current Ahmadinnerjacket ) , and eventually introduced martial law , which culminated in the shooting of dozens of protesters on Black Friday .
This final act of despotism sealed his fate , and in February 1979 Khomeini returned to Iran from exile and took power , creating an Islamic state , and bringing Sharia law into force .
Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khomeini brought into power the theocratic Guardian Council who have veto over the democratically elected parliament .
He was succeeded a decade later by current Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei .
Whatever the resolution of the current elections , the continuing civil unrest , despite orders from the Ayatollah to cease protests , shows that opposition to the Supreme Leader is growing .
Bomb blast at Zahedan mosque , 2009
By Jonathan Amos
Science reporter , BBC News , Turin
Node 3 will now be flown to the US Europe has rolled out its last major module for the space station .
The cylindrical Node 3 - to be known as " Tranquility " - was constructed by Thales Alenia Space in Turin , Italy .
Once attached to the station , it will house life support gear as well as being home to the Cupola , a giant " bay " window that was also built in Europe .
Node 3 will be shipped shortly to the Kennedy Space Center in the US , from where it will catch a ride to the station in the back of a shuttle .
The Endeavour orbiter flight , which will take up the Cupola as a co-passenger , is currently scheduled to lift - off in February 2010 .
We are working on the possibility , or at least we are verifying the possibility , of keeping our hardware certified up to 2025
Simonetta Di Pippo Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The installation of the two European components will all but complete the construction phase of the International Space Station .
" We still have growth opportunities , " said Nasa space station manager Mike Suffredini , who had travelled to Turin to accept the Node on behalf of the US space agency .
" If someone wanted to bring another module to orbit , they could - and our Russian friends do have another couple of modules they are proposing .
But the key for us all in the partnership is to concentrate now on utilisation , " he told BBC News .
Life hub
The delivery of Node 3 concludes a barter arrangement made between Europe and the US , in which Europe agreed to supply two connecting nodes , 2 and 3 , in return for a free trip into space for its Columbus science laboratory .
NODE 3 - ' TRANQUILITY '
Key unit connects and helps manage other ISS modules Multiple docking ports for visiting vehicles or future modules 7 m by 4.6 m ; a mass of 14 tonnes , but will be fitted out in orbit Sophisticated life support systems will include air cleaning unit Cupola to be fixed to an Earth - facing port once in orbit Panoramic views provide ideal control room for robotic arm Named after Sea of Tranquility , the Apollo 11 landing site Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The US has already met its side of the bargain , flying Columbus to the station last year .
Some 7 m in length and about 4.5 m in width , Node 3 is built around the same design principles as Europe 's other space station contributions .
Columbus , Node 2 , the ATV space freighter , and the Multi-Purpose Logistics Modules ( which serve as the packing boxes for major re-supply missions carried out by the US shuttle ) all have a similar cylindrical look about them .
Node 3 has several racks inside its multi-layer , meteoroid impact - hardened shell .
These bays will quickly become filled in orbit by equipment already on the station .
Chief among these will be the Environmental Control and Life Support Systems ( ECLSS ) .
Their jobs involve scrubbing the air of carbon dioxide to maintain its oxygen concentration ; and recycling waste water , including urine , so it can be drunk again and again .
Node 3 will also store a treadmill the crew will need to use regularly to exercise their bodies and maintain bone density .
One of the risks of living in microgravity conditions is that bones tend to lose strength over time .
Station extension
The cupola , which is already at Kennedy , will be attached to one end of the Node for the flight into orbit ; but once in space , it will be moved to a position that better allows the astronauts to use its windows to see across the full breadth of the platform .
The Cupola will afford panoramic views Although Node 3 is the last major fixed item Europe will send up to the platform , it will continue to build space freighters .
These Automated Transfer Vehicles are part of the European Space Agency 's ( Esa ) ongoing " fees " for being part of the space station " club " .
By sending several tonnes of food , water , air , fuel and other equipment to the platform every 18 months so , Esa earns places on the ISS for its astronauts .
The latest ATV , known as Johannes Kepler after the great 17th Century German scientist , has been in preparation here in the same clean - room facility as Node 3 .
It is conceivable that the space station partners will order more - or even replacement - fixed modules in the future , but this will depend very much on how long they choose to operate the platform .
Johannes Kepler will also fly in 2010
At the moment , they have no agreement in place to keep flying the station beyond 2015 ; but Simonetta Di Pippo , Esa 's director of human spaceflight , says discussions are likely to resolve this issue soon .
" We are working on the possibility , or at least we are verifying the possibility , of keeping our hardware certified up to 2025 , " she told BBC News .
" For sure , the first step will be to work on an extension up to 2020 . "
Node 3 is due to leave Thales Alenia Space on Sunday , to be transported by an Airbus Beluga heavy - lift aircraft to Kennedy .
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Technology.am ( May 14 , 2009 ) — Quest Diagnostics Inc. has launched a lab testing kit to detect H1N1 virus that causes swine flu .
This first commercially available real - time PCR diagnostic test to identify U.S. patients infected with the new H1N1 flu virus .
Quest said , the tests can be ordered directly from Focus Diagnostics or through the Quest Diagnostics national laboratory network and it is expected to cost $ 300 .
Quest ’s Focus Diagnostics infectious disease reference laboratory , in Cypress , California validated the test using specimens confirmed as positive for the new virus by public health authorities .
The company said there is no need of approval for the test by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration .
Quest said , the swine flu virus , is a subtype of Influenza virus Type A .
The Focus Diagnostics test detects the presence of Influenza A virus RNA and specifically identifies the presence of the novel H1N1 virus .
The test can detect the presenHHce of a virus ’ RNA from a patient ’s nasal or nasopharyngeal specimen .
“ The public health laboratories do n’t have the capacity to do all the testing that is being requested .
Now , clinicians and hospitals have another way to potentially identify this novel virus from patients by sending tests to us , ” said Dr. Jay Lieberman , medical director of Focus Diagnostics .
“ We are very confident that the test will accurately identify this novel H1N1 strain , ” Lieberman told Reuters .
The Focus Diagnosics laboratory is expected to report back on the test results within 24 hours of receiving a specimen .
Quest said it also would submit positive specimens and test results to the appropriate public health authorities , as required by local public health guidelines .
If you 've been reading the Washington DC - based press of late , you might have the impression that the Speaker of the House of Representatives , Nancy Pelosi , is the mastermind of the US 's torture regime .
DC reporters have been obsessing for over a month now on the manufactured controversy of whether Pelosi was briefed by the CIA on its use of torture against suspected members of al - Qaida .
The controversy , as usually presented , is not just factually wrong .
The entire controversy serves to obscure a seemingly systematic attempt to claim that Democrats in congress signed off on the Bush administration 's torture programme as long ago as 2002 .
First , let 's look at the factual problems .
Speaker Pelosi has consistently said the same thing for three months : when the CIA briefed her [ PDF ] and her Republican counterpart Porter Goss , on 4 September 2002 , they did not tell Pelosi or Goss that the CIA had already been torturing Abu Zubaydah for over a month .
Pelosi said : " We were never told [ torture techniques ] were being used , " on 25 February .
She said : " We were not — told that waterboarding or any of these other enhanced interrogation methods were used , " on 23 April .
And she said : " The only mention of waterboarding at that briefing was that it was not being employed , " on 14 May .
And surprisingly , given the faux controversy , Porter Goss 's version completely accords with Pelosi 's statements .
When he says , " I am slack - jawed to read that members claim to have not understood that the techniques on which they were briefed were to actually be employed , " he is admitting both that he does n't remember the CIA telling him and Pelosi that the techniques had already been employed , and that they only spoke of waterboarding in the prospective sense .
If Nancy Pelosi should have known – according to Goss – that the torture techniques " were to be used , " he is ceding the argument that they were n't already told those techniques had been used .
So in spite of the month - long hyperventilating over a conflict between Pelosi and Goss , there is no conflict on Pelosi 's main point : the CIA misled at least two members of congress by not admitting they had been torturing for over a month .
But that month - long faux controversy has successfully distracted the DC press from the real story : that the CIA has consistently claimed to have briefed Democrats in congress , only to be proved wrong .
The CIA once claimed it had briefed Senator Bob Graham , then chair of the Senate intelligence committee , four times on torture : twice in April 2002 , and twice in September 2002 .
After Graham referred to his meticulous notes and showed there had been no briefing on three of those dates , the CIA admitted it had briefed him just once , in late September 2002 .
And when it finally got around to briefing Graham in late September 2002 , he maintains , it told him nothing about waterboarding .
The CIA tried to claim [ PDF ] it briefed Pelosi adequately , in her role as the senior Democrat on the House intelligence committee , on " description[s ] of the particular torture techniques ] that had been employed . "
But even Porter Goss ' account reveals they were n't briefed that waterboarding had been used .
The CIA tried to claim [ PDF ] that it briefed Senator Jay Rockefeller , the new ranking member of the Senate intelligence committee , on " " how the water board was used " in February 2003 , until Rockefeller pointed out he was n't at that briefing .
The CIA lists John Murtha , then the senior Democrat on the House appropriations subcommittee for defense , as attending a briefing on the " full detainee program , including the 13 [ torture techniques ] " .
But it now admits Murtha did n't stay for the torture techniques part .
And even though it lists Murtha 's staffer , Paul Juola , as attending , the CIA later had to admit [ PDF ] he was n't at the briefing , either .
Four times , the CIA has claimed to have briefed Democrats , only to be proved wrong .
And those are key briefings .
The CIA tried to claim it had briefed Bob Graham before it started torturing Zubaydah .
It tried to claim it briefed Nancy Pelosi in timely fashion .
It tried to claim it briefed Jay Rockefeller on its intent to destroy tapes of Zubaydah 's torture , and before Khalid Sheikh Mohammed was the third person to be waterboarded under the program .
And it tried to claim it briefed Murtha or his staffer on whatever torture - related appropriations it was seeking in 2006 .
But all those claims were – at the least – overstated .
But those were n't the only lies told – apparently – about the briefing on this programme .
Philip Zelikow , Condoleezza Rice 's aide while she was secretary of state , describes torture champions claiming members of congress approved the program to win internal argument on torture within the administration .
I step away from this with some concern .
I will tell you on the inside , when I was arguing – we were having heated arguments about these policies on the inside in the White House situation room .
And the argument would often be deployed against me and my colleagues , that , well , we briefed the following members of congress – name , name , name , name , name – and they do n't have a problem with it .
So , in other words , they 're using – these briefings are being used , actually , to deal with arguments on the inside of the administration .
Yet I hear what you 're saying and what other members of congress have said .
Given that Zelikow attributed [ PDF ] the US 's embrace of torture to " a collective failure , in which a number of officials and members of congress [ and staffers ] , of both parties played party , " he seems to believe Democrats were briefing in timely fashion .
But even the CIA admits they were n't .
Which brings us back to the whole Pelosi faux - controversy .
Normally , when a source has to admit they were repeatedly and consistently wrong , journalists will stop treating that source – the CIA , in this case – as credible .
Not so for the torture briefing wars .
Instead , journalists seem intent on pretending that Pelosi and Goss disagree on the facts .
On the only point that matters , legally , they seem to agree : the CIA did not tell congress it was conducting torture , even a month after it started doing so .
That is , the CIA did not fulfill legal mandates that it inform congress about CIA actions .
And that is what the Pelosi briefing controversy is really about .
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
Northern shrimp are sensitive to temperature changes at the seafloor Stocks of northern shrimp , the essential ingredient in the ubiquitous prawn cocktail , could be badly affected if ocean temperatures rise .
Researchers report , in the journal Science , that shrimp eggs hatch within days of each spring phytoplankton bloom - the main food source for the larvae .
They conclude that shrimp are adapted to local temperature , which determines how long eggs take to develop .
If seas warm , as predicted , shrimp stocks could collapse , the team says .
The international team of scientists found that , throughout the north Atlantic - from Cape Cod in the US to to Svalbard in Norway - northern shrimp ( Pandalus borealis ) eggs hatched , on average , in time with the bloom .
This is the period when food is abundant , so the larvae have a far better chance of survival .
But to get the timing right , the shrimp must mate during exactly the right period during the previous year .
Further north , the algal bloom ( green ) happens later " They do n't do this on a year by year basis - deciding to mate a week later because the algal bloom will be a week later , " said Peter Koeller , a researcher from the Bedford Institute of Oceanography , who led the study .
" This is on evolutionary time scales - they have adapted to local conditions . "
This means it would be impossible for the shrimp to adapt to a rapid change in temperature at the seafloor , where they live .
Shrimp boats
Dr Koeller 's team collected samples of shrimp daily and counted the proportion of females that were still carrying their eggs .
With satellite imaging , they were able to compare the timing of the algal blooms to the release of the larvae .
The tasty crustaceans make up 70 % of a 500,000 tonne annual shrimp harvest As Dr Koeller pointed out , an explosion in the northern shrimp population in the 1980s and 1990s was linked to a drop in sea temperatures at that time .
He said it was feasible that the opposite could happen " as the climate changes " .
" As surface waters warm , this would eventually result in warmer water at the bottom , which would lead to faster development of eggs and earlier hatching , " he explained .
" The larvae would be further removed from period of food abundance , which would mean poor survival rates and fewer shrimp . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Let 's just say that
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Sigh .
Just as we thought Apple 's ridiculous App Store approval process was about to get better with the advent of parental controls in iPhone OS 3.0 , it goes and pulls another boneheaded move that makes us wonder if the entire system is n't hopelessly broken forever .
This time the company 's rejected Maza 's Drivetrain , an app that allows users to remotely control the Transmission Bittorrent app , because " this category of applications is often used for the purpose of infringing third party rights . "
Right , " this category of applications , " apparently meaning any app that has anything to do with Bittorrent at all -- Drivetrain does n't actually upload or download anything , it 's just used to manage Transmission running on your desktop .
That 's an awfully paranoid and restrictive stance towards one of the most popular file - transfer protocols around , especially since there are millions of legit torrents available , but somehow we 're just not surprised -- this type of foolish behavior from Apple has sadly become par for the course with the App Store . [ Via iLounge
:: Introduction ::
:: Game Path ::
Note #0 :
Note # 1 :
:: Preparation ::
VirtualDub ( Homepage , v1.8.6 at time of writing )
Xvid Codec ( Homepage , Download page , v1.1.3 at time of writing )
:: Recording a Demo in - game ::
:: Encoding Demos ::
:: Processing the video ::
:: Uploading the video ::
:: Advanced - Cyclic Demos ::
So what 's this tutorial all about ?
It 's for all those times you 've fired up a Source Engine game , done something crazy online and wished you could share the moment with other people in the form of a gameplay video , say on YouTube .
Perhaps you 've even read Valve 's Demo Recording wiki entry or other tutorials , but you 're not quite sure what settings to use to make a movie for uploading to YouTube .
The goal of this tutorial is to detail the steps I use for Source Engine movie creation .
The instructions below were confirmed to work with Team Fortress 2 , Left 4 Dead and Counter - strike Source , but other games derived from the Source Engine may work also .
The tutorial was the result of research and trial - and - error over several months - and using only free software .
The ideal is n't to produce ginormous pixel - perfect videos , but rather movies that are good and small enough to upload onto a video - sharing site ( like YouTube ) quickly from a home broadband connection to share with friends / strangers .
To do this we need to : 1. Install some free video processing / encoding software2 .
Record demos in TF2/ L4D/CSS3 .
Encode the demos as videos4 .
Process and compress the videos5 .
Upload to YouTubeAll of this might sound daunting at first , but once you 've done it once or twice it becomes a no - brainer and takes relatively little effort .
One thing to note is the game path .
If you have Steam installed under , you 'll have to locate and remember one of the following paths depending on which game you are targetting : ... whereis your Steam login name .
All paths and files referred to in tutorial will be relative to this respective base path !
The remainder of this tutorial will target TF2 but the only difference between other games is the base and file paths used - the commands and methods are identical !
We need a couple of things other than the game to get started - a video processing program and a decent video codec :
The VirtualDub program comes as a zip file , so you 'll need to extract its contents somewhere to use it properly .
The Xvid codec has a much easier installer :
Once they 're installed , we can forget all of this for the moment and come back to it when we 're ready to encode a video .
If you have n't already done so in the past , enable the .
For TF2 / CSS , it 's under .
For L4D , it 's underNow bring up the Console with thekey .
We 'll make a key binding so that every time the forward - slash is pressed , the game will start recording a fresh demo without requiring us to pause mid-game and manually enter commands in the Console .
It 's great for situations where a firefight is getting hot and you wish to start recording immediately without delay , and without getting killed !
Just enter :
The syntax should be fairly straightforward : when the forward - slash key is pressed the game first stops any demos that are currently being recorded , then begins recording one called .
This means you can hit forward - slash multiple times at different stages of a game to overwrite the same demo file with a fresh recording .
What if you wish to be able to keep several demos without overwriting them ?
You can chose to make several key bindings for different demo names , but it may get difficult to keep track of which you 're up to .
I prefer using cyclic key bindings to make the game advance through several names automatically but still only using one key .
If you wish to cover this , read the cyclic demo howto section at the end of the tutorial , otherwise you can just use the simple method already covered .
So go ahead and play the game for a night or two and record some demos .
Demo files are relatively small and have virtually no impact on gaming performance , so there 's no harm just hitting the forward - slash key every time you join a server .
At least you 'll know that if you happen to do something crazy later in the game , you 'll have a recording of it - instead of wishing you did !
Also , demos continue recording through map changes ( though a new enumerated demo file will be created ) .
If you quit and join another server though , you 'll need to restart recording .
At this stage we have a demo that we wish to make a movie out of .
Make sure you 're not in a server , or just type thecommand in the Console to make sure you 're not recording . :
Now set the resolution to 640x480 , with " Run in a window " enabled .
Why ?
We need to use a lower resolution that 's suitable for movie making , as a regular high resolution will take a very long time to make and use up a huge amount of disk - space .
I recommend 640x480 as it is a multiple of what 's usually uploaded to YouTube and will scale nicely , plus the HUD and icons will be a good size .
If you chose 320x240 , the HUD may take up most of the screen ! :
YouTube recently added widescreen support , so you can experiment with widescreen resolutions once you 've got the hang of things .
For now I 'd suggest sticking to 640x480 .
Now typein the Console to bring up the demo playback interface .
Hit thebutton and chose the demo you recorded .
Once the demo is loaded , it will play automatically .
You can then pause , rewind / fast - forward , speed up and slow down playback .
The idea here is to find the section of the demo that you want to make a movie out of .
For example you might want to exclude the footage of the warm - up period to avoid boring viewers of the video , or perhaps you did something awesome 35 minutes into the demo .
The key here is to note the ' tick ' number at the start and conclusion of your action segment ( see the DemoUI image above for where this is displayed ) .
Now that you have noted the number , just pause the demo but keep it open .
What we 'll do now is automate the game to encode the demo for us , as it's much easier than trying to manually hit keys to record at the right time .
So clickin DemoUI , thenand selectNow in the new menu , add a descriptive name to the actions ( anything will do ) .
In this example we 'll assume we 're interested in gameplay between ticks 5000 and 8000 .
Set the start mode to , the tick value to 5000 , then add the two commands to be executed at that tick :
This will ensure the output movie ( as well as the demo ) framerate is 60 fps , a suitable rate for our purposes .
Also ensure there is a space betweenand , asis a parameter and not the file extension !
Next hitto save the command , then create a newentry , this time for ending the movie and stopping demo playback in one go .
Enter a suitable name again , set , tick value at 8000 , and the following commands :
Hitand you should see a summary of your entries :
Hitagain to return to the demo playback window .
Now hitin DemoUI to stop the currently playing demo , and close any windows you have open inside the game ( including and especially DemoUI ! ) to make sure they do n't end up showing in the demo .
Now what we want to do is fire up the demo about 1000 ticks before our area of interest ( ticks 5000 - 8000 ) , meaning we want to start at tick 4000 .
This extra time will give the game some time to recover from the fast - forward and fix up any audio and visual glitches that are a result of the fast - forward !
Then when it reaches tick 5000 , the game will begin encoding the movie , and at tick 8000 it will automatically stop .
We now enter the following command into the console to begin playback at tick 4000 of the last played demo :
Then sit back until the game reaches the encoding point ( tick 5000 ) .
The moment this occurs a window will pop up to ask what format you wish to encode the movie .
I 've found recording straight to Xvid / DivX to be buggy and crash - prone , so just select
This will result in a very large movie - roughly 50 MB per second of video , so a 1GB sized movie is typical .
Do n't be worried if the demo playback is slow , the sound is distorted or if you have trouble playing back the movie in a video player later , it 's normal for an uncompressed video of this size and framerate .
The actual encoded movie itself is fine !
Now let the automation play out in the game ( do n't enter the console or anything else ! ) and wait for the playback / encoding finish by itself .
Once this happens we can move onto the next part .
We now have a massive uncompressed video located in the base TF2 / L4D / CSS path .
It should be called .
Start VirtualDub and either drag the AVI file onto the program window , or selectand select the video .
It should open up showing the first frame : We then configure the compression via .
Select thecodec and then clickNow the key part in the Xvid Configuration window is thevalue :
A value of 1 will give the highest quality and the largest file , with increasing numbers resulting in lower quality and smaller file .
I 'd recommend a value between 2 and 7 for YouTube purposes .
If there are really fast scenes you 'd want high quality ( e.g. value of 2 ) to stop the movie becoming pixel soup .
If you 're doing a sniper camping scene without much visual activity , a lower quality value of 5 may be good enough and will result in a much smaller movie for quicker uploading .
Here 's an example of two quantiser values to illustrate the difference in quality :
If you wish , you can also cut out some of the frames and shorten the movie via .
If we wanted to cut out the first 5 seconds of a 15 second video , we 'd set the starting position to 5000ms and the duration to 10000 ms like so :
One last thing is to make sure the audio settings are correct .
Some tutorials suggest encoding the audio as an MP3 to shrink the video filesize but I find it significantly damages the quality of the audio after uploading to YouTube , not to mention being a bit of effort for little gain .
We want to keep thing simple , so we 'll just confirm the defaultis selected in themenu :
Now to finish off the movie , we now encode it as an Xvid .
Selectand type in a suitable name and hit .
A progress window will show during the encoding process :
That 's it !
You should now have a small Xvid AVI file , ranging from maybe 5 - 20 MB for a 15 second clip depending on the encoding quality you selected .
You should now be able to play it back in a regular media player and move onto the next section if you 're happy with the results .
Now that you have your final compressed video , uploading to video - sharing services like YouTube is now possible .
There 's usually not much to it .
Click " Sign Up " at the top - right to create an account if you do n't already have one .
After you 're signed in just click You 'll be greeted with an Upload button that will allow you to select your Xvid encoded video :
After you select it , the video will upload in the background while you 're able to enter details about the video .
Add a concise title and description as well as suitable tags that will help people find your video when using the Search feature .
When you 're finished entering the details , do n't forget to hit Save !
Depending on the speed of your connection and any concurrent activity , a 20 MB file may take up to 20 minutes to upload .
After the video is done , it will confirm the upload finished and your video will show up when you view your profile ( under ) after processing is done - which can take up to 15 mins to complete .
Later on when viewing your video you can hitand change the preferences for the video .
I generally enable the option to be able to screen viewers ' comments before they are shown below the video .
Why ?
Read this comic
Here are a couple of videos I produced in TF2 / L4D using the techniques discussed :
To implement cyclic key bindings , we need to use aliases .
Unfortunately aliases are not retained when you quit the game , so you 'll need to place it in a script that gets automatically run when the game starts .
So create a fresh file with one of the following names depending on the game ( do n't forget the base game path ! ) : Just make sure that if you 're creating it in notepad / wordpad that it uses the trueextension ( if unsure , place double quotation " marks around the filename when saving ) .
In this file we add aliases : Alternatively you can right - click and save this file I prepared earlier into the config path .
Now fire up the game and bind your demo- recording key to one of the aliases from the Console - you only need to do this once :
So what will happen ?
On the first use of forward - slash , the game will start recording a demo called , then on the next use of the key , thenthen it will go back and start overwriting the first demo .
Scripting purists will tell you to never bind keys inside aliases as they complicate things and make it more tedious to change the keyboard key since it 's now in multiple places .
But this method allows the game to remember ( via the key binding ) which demo you last recorded to even if you quit the game , allowing the next demo name in the list to be used instead of starting atevery time you launch the game .
Gas pillars in the Eagle Nebula : One of Hubble 's most famous images .
Image courtesy NASA .
On May 19 , 2009 , the Space Shuttle Atlantis released the Hubble Space Telescope ( HST ) back into orbit after a hugely successful servicing mission , during which two new instruments have been installed on board the telescope , and two existing ones have been repaired .
This marked the beginning of the next phase in the life of this incredible observatory .
During its 19 years of operation , HST has produced 39 terabytes of data in the HST archive .
At the time of this writing , 7,917 refereed scientific articles have been written based on HST data .
With such a record , it is clearly impossible to even just list the HST 's scientific accomplishments in a short article .
In what follows , I have attempted to briefly describe ( in no particular order ) what I regard as the top five scientific discoveries .
I should also note that rarely do astronomical discoveries belong to just one telescope .
Usually it is many observatories , from the ground and from space , working in concert to produce a complete and multihued view of phenomena .
Nevertheless , in the topics that I have selected , there is no doubt that HST played a crucial role .
The Hubble Constant
The astronomer Edwin Hubble , after whom the Hubble Space Telescope is named , determined in the 1920s that our Universe is expanding .
The fabric of space between any two distant galaxies is stretching , just like the rubber of an inflating balloon .
The rate at which galaxies are currently moving apart from one another is known as the Hubble constant , or H 0 .
For a constant rate of expansion , the inverse of H 0 gives the time at which the expansion started .
But even in the presence of deceleration and acceleration H 0 is the dominant factor in determining the age of the Universe .
Before HST , the value of H 0 was known only to within a factor of two .
The main reason for this large uncertainty was the fact that the determination of distances in astronomy is notoriously difficult .
To overcome this obstacle , astronomers have constructed a distance ladder in which they use a series of standard candles — objects whose brightnesses are relatively well known — to infer distances to objects that are increasingly farther away .
Figure 1 : Cepheid variable star in galaxy M100 .
Image courtesy NASA .
Key standard candles are certain pulsating stars — stars that show periodic variations in their brightness — known as Cepheid variables .
These are luminous stars , about a thousand times more luminous than the Sun , whose intrinsic brightness is tightly correlated to their pulsation period .
By measuring the period of the variation , astronomers deduce the intrinsic brightness , and by comparing that to the apparent brightness , they can determine the distance ( the apparent brightness decreases like the inverse square of the distance ) .
The superb resolution of HST has allowed astronomers to isolate the light from numerous Cepheids in dozens of galaxies ( figure 1 ) , and the uncertainty in the value of the Hubble constant has initially been reduced to about 10 % .
Most recently , detailed HST observations of Cepheids in the galaxy NGC 4258 — whose distance is very accurately known through radio observations — coupled with observations of well - calibrated supernova explosions in more distant galaxies , have reduced the error in the value of H 0 to less than 5 % .
Dark Energy
In 1998 , two teams of astronomers working independently discovered that the expansion of our Universe is in fact speeding up , propelled by the repulsive force of a mysterious dark energy .
This came as a shock , because the prevailing assumption was that cosmic expansion should be slowing down due to the mutual gravitational attraction of all matter within the Universe .
The precise nature of the dark energy that powers the acceleration is arguably the biggest puzzle that physics is facing today .
Since the discovery , observations of the cosmic microwave background radiation have shown that dark energy makes up more than 70 % of the total energy density of the Universe .
The Hubble observations relied on a particular type of supernova explosion ( known as Type Ia supernovae ) to trace the expansion history of the Universe ( figure 2 ) , and thereby to place constraints on the properties of dark energy .
There are two factors that make type Ia supernovae particularly useful in this regard .
First , they are extremely bright , and therefore can be observed half way across cosmic time .
Second , they are good standard candles — their luminosities are nearly constant — and therefore their distances can be determined quite accurately .
Hubble 's sharp vision has allowed astronomers to pinpoint distant supernovae in galaxies that are as far as nine billion light - years away , and to determine that dark energy was already present ( though not dominant ) even at that early stage , when gravity still had the upper hand and the expansion of the cosmos was decelerating .
Figure 2 : Hubble spots distant supernovae in search of properties of dark energy .
Image courtesy NASA .
All the observations to date are consistent with dark energy being the energy of empty space .
Quantum mechanics , the theory that most accurately describes the sub-atomic world , says that the physical vacuum , far from being empty , is teeming with virtual particles that appear and disappear in split seconds .
The energy density associated with the vacuum is constant , and characterised by an equation of state parameter w ( the ratio of pressure to density ) , which , according to the theory , satisfies w = - 1 .
Most of the current observational efforts are directed at determining whether w is indeed constant across cosmic time , and whether its value is equal to – 1 .
However , even if the characteristics of dark energy will be found to be fully consistent with it being the energy of the vacuum , many open questions will remain .
In particular , naive attempts to theoretically calculate the expected value of the vacuum energy density produce results that are more than 50 orders of magnitude higher than the observed value ( see Plus article Lambda marks the spot for more information ) .
Consequently , a true understanding of dark energy will require a combination of observational efforts coupled with significant theoretical developments .
Galaxy formation and evolution
Figure 3 : The heart of the Whirlpool Galaxy .
Image courtesy NASA .
Everyone is familiar with the shapes of the galaxies that we see in the relatively local Universe .
Galaxies such as the Milky Way and the Andromeda galaxy are disc galaxies : they are flattened like pancakes , and are characterised by a prominent spiral structure traced by young stars ( figure 3 ) .
Other galaxies are elliptical : they are shaped like oval concentrations of relatively old stars .
One of the key goals of astronomy is to understand how galaxies form and how they evolve .
Astronomers using HST produced the deepest images of the Universe in optical light .
These observations were dubbed the Hubble Deep Fields and the Hubble Ultra Deep Field ( figure 4 ) .
The observations revealed that galaxies in the distant past were smaller in physical size , and that their shapes were much more irregular .
These two properties are consistent with a scenario of hierarchical structure formation , in which smaller building blocks of galaxies collided and coalesced frequently in the early , dense Universe , to form the larger galaxies we observe today .
Using HST 's exquisite spatial resolution and photometric stability , astronomers were also able to observe in detail the stellar populations in the old halos of nearby galaxies , which allowed them to reconstruct how mass was assembled in these galaxies .
Figure 4 : The Hubble Ultra Deep Field image reveals galaxies galore .
Image courtesy NASA .
Finally , the deep - field observations yielded the history of the global rate of star formation in the cosmos .
Even before the Hubble observations , astronomers knew that our Universe as a whole is past its peak in terms of the rate of birth of new stars .
The peak occurred about 7 to 8 billion years ago .
The Hubble Ultra Deep Field showed that when the Universe was less than one billion years old ( the Universe today is 13.7 billion years old ) the rate of cosmic star formation was lower than the peak value by about a factor of three , but already higher than the rate today , which is about a factor of ten lower than at the peak .
In other words , once the Universe started forming stars , it did so furiously .
Supermassive black holes
Figure 5 : Hubble confirms the existence of a massive black hole at the heart of an active galaxy .
Image courtesy NASA .
Astrophysicists have long suspected that active galactic nuclei — the extremely bright cores of galaxies that show violent activity — and quasi-stellar objects ( QSOs ) create their extraordinarily high luminosities by accreting mass at a high rate onto a black hole that lies at their centre .
The power emitted simply reflects the rate of release of gravitational potential energy .
However , before HST it was virtually impossible to detect the host galaxies of QSOs , and it was extremely difficult to confirm the presence of a black hole , except in a couple of relatively nearby galaxies , and in our own Milky Way Galaxy .
HST changed all that .
First , it has unambiguously detected the host galaxies in a few relatively nearby QSOs .
Second , by following the motions of individual stars ( or of gas discs ) around the centres of tens of galaxies , it has shown that essentially all the galaxies that have a central bulge of stars harbor a supermassive black hole at their centres ( figure 5 ) .
The masses of these black holes range from a few millions to a few billions of solar masses .
But in addition to the mere discovery of the black holes , HST provided two other significant pieces of information .
First , high - resolution images of the hosts of QSOs revealed that many of them were interacting galaxies and the others were bright elliptical galaxies .
This suggests that certain environments ( such as the one resulting from an interaction ) may be needed to funnel gas into the central regions to fuel the black holes .
Second and more important , the masses of the black holes were found to be tightly correlated with the masses of the smooth , spherical bulges of stars surrounding the galactic centres .
This indicates that the black holes and their host galaxies do not evolve independently , but rather that their evolutions are intimately connected — massive black holes are apparently a generic feature of galaxy formation and evolution .
Extrasolar planets
Figure 6 : A planet 's telltale signature .
Image courtesy NASA .
Until 1992 , we did not know of a single planet outside our solar system .
In 1992 , the first so - called extrasolar planets were detected , but they did not orbit an ordinary star such as the Sun .
Rather , they were found around a pulsar — an extremely compact object with a mass of about 1.4 solar masses , but a radius of only about 10 km .
The first planet around a Sun - like star was discovered in 1995 .
Since then , astronomers have discovered about 350 extrasolar planets .
Most of these planets were discovered by ground - based telescopes .
Still , HST has contributed a few unique observations to this field .
First , Hubble focused on transiting planets — planets whose orbital planes are aligned with our line of sight , so that the planets periodically eclipse their host stars .
When the planet passes in front of the star , it blocks some of the star 's light .
From the amount of dimming ( typically 1 - 2 % ) the radius of the planet can be deduced ( figure 6 ) .
But this is not all .
Some of the starlight passes through the planet 's atmosphere , where part of it is absorbed by various atoms .
By concentrating on particular spectral lines , the presence and abundance of certain atoms and molecules can be determined ( see Plus article Hunting for life in alien worlds for more on this technique ) .
In this way , HST observations showed that the atmosphere of the planet around the star HD 209458 contains sodium , carbon , oxygen , and hydrogen .
In another case , even water and methane were detected .
These were the first determinations of the composition of atmospheres of extrasolar planets .
The Hubble Space Telescope against the Earth 's horizon .
Image courtesy NASA .
Most of the extrasolar planets were found around stars in the solar neighborhood .
This still left open the question of whether the local fraction of stars hosting planets is typical of the Galaxy at large .
To answer this question , HST observed about 180,000 stars in the crowded central bulge of our Galaxy , half - way across the Milky Way .
These observations led to the discovery of 16 planet candidates , a tally consistent with the frequency of planets in the solar neighborhood , and they showed that the Galaxy is indeed teeming with billions of planets .
Five of the planet candidates were found to whirl around their stars in less than one Earth day , and they were dubbed Ultra - Short - Period Planets .
Finally , HST produced the first visible - light snapshot of a planet orbiting another star .
The planet , known as Fomalhaut b since it circles the bright southern star Fomalhaut , was resolved inside a large debris disc , somewhat similar to the Kuiper Belt in our own solar system .
The planet 's distance from its host star is about ten times the distance of the planet Saturn from the Sun .
The Future
Following Servicing Mission 4 , Hubble has the largest complement of functioning instruments it has ever had .
Assuming that the Wide Field Camera 3 ( WFC3 ) , the Cosmic Origins Spectrograph ( COS ) , the Advanced Camera for Surveys ( ACS ) , and the Space Telescope Imaging Spectrograph ( STIS ) will work as expected , many Hubble discoveries are still to come .
In particular , WFC3 , with its infrared capabilities , will take us even closer to the very first galaxies , and COS will reveal to us the structure and composition of the cosmic web — the filamentary intergalactic gas .
You can be almost certain that five years from now , the list of the top five Hubble discoveries will have to be revisited .
About the author
Mario Livio is a theoretical astrophysicist at the Space Telescope Science Institute , which conducts the scientific program of the Hubble Space Telescope .
He has published more than four hundred scientific articles in a wide range of topics in astrophysics .
Dr Livio 's recent book , Is god a mathematician ?
was reviewed in Issue 49 ( December 2008 ) of Plus .
Terebess Asia Online ( TAO )
Home
Zen Index
鈴木 大拙 貞太郎 Suzuki Daisetsu Teitarō ( 1870 - 1966 ) > Main Page
Daisetz Teitaro Suzuki , D.LITT .
MANUAL OF ZEN BUDDHISM
http://www.buddhanet.net/pdf_file/manual_zen.pdf
Introduction
I. Gathas and Prayers
II .
The Dharanis
III .
The Sutras
IV .
From the Chinese Zen Masters
V. From the Japanese Zen Masters
VI .
The Buddhist Statues and Pictures in a Zen Monastary
EDITOR'S FOREWORD TO SECOND EDITION
Daisetz Teitaro Suzuki , D.Litt. , Professor of Buddhist Philosophy in the Otani University , Kyoto , was born in 1870 .
He is probably now the greatest living authority on Buddhist philosophy , and is certainly the greatest authority on Zen Buddhism .
His major works in English on the subject of Buddhism number a dozen or more , and of his works in Japanese as yet unknown to the West there are at least eighteen .
He is , moreover , as a chronological bibliography of books on Zen in English clearly shows , the pioneer teacher of the subject outside Japan , for except for Kaiten Nukariya 's Religion of the Samurai ( Luzac and Co. , 1913 ) nothing was known of Zen as a living experience , save to the readers of The Eastern Buddhist ( 1921 - 1939 ) , until the publication of Essays in Zen Buddhism ( Volume I ) in 1927 .
Dr. Suzuki writes with authority .
Not only has he studied original works in Sanskrit , Pali , Chinese and Japanese , but he has an up - to - date knowledge of Western thought in German and French as well as in the English which he speaks and writes so fluently .
He is , moreover , more than a scholar ; he is a Buddhist .
Though not a priest of any Buddhist sect , he is honoured in every temple in Japan , for his knowledge of spiritual things , as all who have sat at his feet bear witness , is direct and profound .
When he speaks of the higher stages of consciousness he speaks as a man who dwells therein , and the impression he makes on those who enter the fringes of his mind is that of a man who seeks for the intellectual symbols wherewith to describe a state of awareness which lies indeed " beyond the intellect " .
To those unable to sit at the feet of the Master his writings must be a substitute .
All these , however , were Out of print in England by 1940 , and all remaining stocks in Japan were destroyed in the fire which consumed three - quarters of Tokyo in 1945 .
When , therefore , I reached Japan in 1946 , I arranged with the author for the Buddhist Society , London -- my wife and myself as its nominees -- to begin the publication of his Collected Works , reprinting the old favourites , and printing as fast as possible translations of the many new works which the Professor , self - immured in his house at Kyoto , had written during the war .
This undertaking , however , was beyond the powers of the Buddhist Society , and we therefore secured the assistance of Rider and Co. , who , backed by the vast resources of the House of Hutchinson , can honour the needs of such a considerable task .
Of Zen itself I need say nothing here , but the increasing sale of books on the subject , such as The Spirit of Zen by Alan Watts ( Murray ) , and the series of original translations of Chinese Zen Scriptures and other works published by the Buddhist Society prove that the interest of the West is rising rapidly .
Zen , however , is a subject extremely easy to misunderstand , and it is therefore important that the words of a qualified Master should come readily to hand .
CHRISTMAS HUMPHREYS
President of the Buddhist Society , London
1948
EDITOR'S NOTE TO SECOND EDITION
All references to the Author 's Essays in Zen Buddhism , Series One and Two , and to his Introduction to Zen Buddhism , are to the second edition of these works , published in " The Complete Works of D. T. Suzuki . "
PREFACE TO FIRST EDITION
In my Introduction to Zen Buddhism ( published 1934 ) , an outline of Zen teaching is sketched , and in The Training of the Zen Monk ( 1934 ) a description of the Meditation Hall and its life is given .
To complete a triptych the present Manual has been compiled .
The object is to inform the reader of the various literary materials relating to the monastery life .
Foreign students often express their desire to know about what the Zen monk reads before the Buddha in his daily service , where his thoughts move in his leisure hours , and what objects of worship he has in the different quarters of his institution .
This work will partly , it is hoped , satisfy their desire .
Those who find my Essays too bulky or too elaborate may prefer these smaller works on Zen .
DAISETZ TEITARO SUZUKI
Kyoto , August 1935
I. GATHAS AND PRAYERS
Gatha is a Sanskrit term meaning " verse " or " hymn " .
In Buddhist literature it is used to designate the versified portion of the sutras .
Chinese scholars have adopted this word for their Versified compositions , which are known as chieh , an abbreviation of chieh - t'o , or as chieh - sang , which is the combination of the Sanskrit and the Chinese .
The gathas collected here are not exclusively those of the Zen sect ; some belong to general Buddhism .
GATHAS AND PRAYERS
I
ON OPENING THE SUTRA
The Dharma incomparably profound and exquisite
Is rarely met with , even in hundreds of thousands of millions of kalpas ;
We are now permitted to see it , to listen to it , to accept and hold it ;
May we truly understand the meaning of the Tathagata 's words !
II
CONFESSION
All the evil karma ever committed by me since of old ,
On account of greed , anger , and folly , which have no beginning ,
Born of my body , mouth , and thought --
I now make full open confession of it .
III
THE THREEFOLD REFUGE
I take refuge in the Buddha ;
I take refuge in the Dharma ;
I take refuge in the Sangha .
I take refuge in the Buddha , the incomparably honoured one ;
I take refuge in the Dharma , honourable for its purity ;
I take refuge in the Sangha , honourable for its harmonious life .
I have finished taking refuge in the Buddha ;
I have finished taking refuge in the Dharma ;
I have finished taking refuge in the Sangha .
IV
THE FOUR GREAT VOWS [ 1 ]
However innumerable beings are , I vow to save them ;
However inexhaustible the passions are , I vow to extinguish them ;
However immeasurable the Dharmas are , I vow to master them ;
However incomparable the Buddha - truth is , I vow to attain it .
[ 1 . These vows are recited after every service . ]
V
THE WORSHIPPING OF THE SARIRA
We prostrate ourselves in all humbleness before the holy Sarira representing the body of Sakyamuni , the Tathagata , who is perfectly endowed with all the virtues , who has the Dharmakaya as the ground of his being , and Dharmadhatu as the stupa dedicated to him .
To him we pay our respect with due deference .
Manifesting himself in a bodily form for our sakes , the Buddha enters into us and makes us enter into him .
His power being added to us , we attain Enlightenment ; and [ again ] dependent on the Buddha 's miraculous power , all beings are benefited , become desirous for Enlightenment , discipline themselves in the life of the Bodhisattva , and equally enter into perfect quietude where prevails infinite wisdom of absolute identity .
We now prostrate ourselves before him .
VI
THE TEACHING OF THE SEVEN BUDDHAS
Not to commit evils ,
But to do all that is good ,
And to keep one 's thought pure --
This is the teaching of all the Buddhas .
VII
THE GATHA OF IMPERMANENCE [ 1 ]
All composite things are impermanent ,
They are subject to birth and death ;
Put an end to birth and death ,
And there is a blissful tranquillity .
[ 1 . For the sake of the second half of this gatha the Buddha is said to have been willing to sacrifice his own life .
For this reason this is also known as the " gatha of sacrifice " . ]
VIII
THE YEMMEI KWANNON TEN - CLAUSE SUTRA[ 1 ]
[ Adoration to ] Kwanzeon !
Adoration to the Buddha !
To the Buddha we are related
In terms of cause and effect .
Depending on the Buddha , the Dharma , and the Sangha ,
[ Nirvana is possible which is ] eternal , ever - blessed , autonomous , and free from defilements .
Every morning our thoughts are on Kwanzeon ,
Every evening our thoughts are on Kwanzeon .
Every thought issues from the Mind ,
Every thought is not separated from the Mind .
[ 1 . Yemmei means " Prolonging life " ; when one daily recites this short document in ten clauses relating to Kwannon , one 's health is assured for doing good not only for oneself but for the whole world . ]
IX
PRAYER ON THE OCCASION OF FEEDING THE HUNGRY GHOSTS
If one wishes to know all the Buddhas of the past , present , and future , one should contemplate the nature of this Dharmadhatu essentially as the creation of Absolute Mind .
Adoration to the Buddhas in the ten quarters ;
Adoration to the Dharma pervading the ten quarters ; Adoration to the Sangha in the ten quarters ;
Adoration to Sakyamuni the Buddha who is our Master ; Adoration to Kwanzeon the Bodhisattva , who is the great compassionate and pitying one , ready to save beings from afflictions ;
Adoration to Ananda the Arhat who is the expounder of the Teaching .
Namu sabo totogyato boryakite , yen !
Sammola sammola , un !
Namu suryoboya totogyatoya tojito , yen !
Suryo suryo boya suryo boya suryo , somoko !
Namu samanda motonan , ban ! [ 1 ]
Adoration to Hoshin [ 2 ] the Tathagata ;
Adoration to Taho [ 3 ] the Tathagata ;
Adoration to Myoshishin [ 4 ] the Tathagata ;
Adoration to Kohashin [ 5 ] the Tathagata ;
Adoration to Rifui [ 6 ] the Tathagata ;
Adoration to Kanroo [ 7 ] the Tathagata ;
Adoration to Omito [ 8 ] the Tathagata .
Namu omitoboya totogyatoya ,
Toniyato ,
Omiritsubomi ,
Omirito ,
Shitabomi ,
Omirito bigyaratei ,
Omirito bigyarato gyamini ,
Gyagyano shitogyari ,
[ 1 . It is difficult to tell how this dharani came to be inserted here .
As most dharanis are , it is devoid of sense from the human point of view ; but it may not be necessarily so to the hungry ghosts , for whom the prayer is offered .
Can this be restored to the original Sanskrit as follows ?
Namah sarva - tathagatavalokite !
Om !
Sambala , sambala !
Hum !
Namah surupaya tathagataya !
Tadyatha ,
Om , suru [ paya ] , surupaya , surupaya , suru [ paya ] , svaha !
Namah samantabuddhanam , vam !
" Be adored !
O all the Tathagatas who are regarded [ as our protectors ] ; Om !
Provision , provision !
Hum !
Adored be the Tathagata Beautifully Formed !
Namely : Om !
To the Beautifully - formed One !
To the Beautifully formed One !
To the Beautifully - formed One !
Hail !
Adored be all the Buddhas ! Vam ! "
2. " Jewel - excelled " ( ratnaketu ) .
3. " Abundant - in - jewel " ( prabhutaratna ) .
4. " Fine - form - body " ( surupakaya ) .
5. " Broad - wide - body " ( vipulakaya ) .
6. " Freed - from - fear " ( abhayankara ) .
7. " Nectar - king " ( amritaraja ) .
8. " Amida " ( amitabha ) . ]
Somoko . [ 1 ]
By the supernatural power of this Dharani the food and drink is purified , and this we offer to the spiritual beings as numerous as the sands of the Ganga .
We pray that they shall all be fully satisfied and abandon their greed ; that they shall all leave their abodes of darkness and be born in the blissful paths of existence ; and further that taking refuge in the Triple Treasure they shall awaken the desire for supreme enlightenment and finally come to the realization of it .
The merit they thus attain is inexhaustible and will continue on to the end of time , making all beings equally share in this Dharma - food .
O you hosts of spiritual beings , we make this offering of food to you all , which we pray will fill the ten quarters and that all beings of your kind will partake of it .
By the practice of this meritorious deed we pray that we repay what we owe to our parents , who have done all they could for our sakes .
May those who are still alive continue to enjoy their happy and prosperous lives for ever , while those who are no more with us be released from suffering and born in the land of bliss .
We pray that all sentient beings in the triple world who are recipients of the fourfold benefaction , together with those beings suffering in the three evil paths of existence and tormented with the eight kinds of calamities , may repent of all their sins and be cleansed of all their sores , so that they may all be released from the cycle of transmigration and be born in the land of purity .
We pray to all the Buddhas , all the Bodhisattva - Mahasattvas in the ten quarters , of the past , present , and future , and to Mahaprajna - paramita , that by virtue of this merit universally prevailing , not only we but all beings shall equally attain Buddhahood .
[ 1 . Namo ' mitabhaya tathagataya !
Tadyatha , amritodbhave , amritasiddhe , ( ? ) - bhave , amritavikrante , amrita - vikranta - gamine , gaganakirtikare !
Svaha !
" Adored be the Tathagata of Infinite Light !
Namely : O Nectar - raising one !
O Nectar - perfecting one !
[ O Nectar - ] producing one !
O
One who makes nectar pervade !
O
One who makes nectar universally pervade !
O
One who makes nectar known as widely as space !
Hail ! " ]
X
GENERAL PRAYER [ 1 ]
By the Bhikshus all present here
The mystic formula of Surangama has been recited as above ,
Which is now dedicated to all the Nagas and Devas who are protectors of the Dharma ,
And also to all the holy assemblies of the spiritual beings who are guardians of this monastery and surrounding district .
May all beings in the three evil paths of existence variously suffering the eight kinds of disasters be thereby released from the afflictions !
May all beings in the triple world who are recipients of the fourfold benefaction thereby participate in the merit !
May the state continue in peaceful prosperity with all its warlike activities stopped !
May the wind blow in time , the rain fall seasonably , and the people live happily !
May the entire congregation sharing in the exercise cherish the higher aspirations !
To go beyond the ten stages with a cap , and this without much difficulty !
May this monastery keep on its quiet life , free from disturbances .
And the patrons and devotees grow not only in faith but in wisdom and bliss !
[ We pray this to ] all the Buddhas and Bodhisattva - Mahasattvas in the ten quarters , of the past , present , and future , and to Mahaprajna - paramita !
[ 1 . This is read , as can be inferred from the text , after the recitation of the Surangama dharani . ]
XI
PRAYER OF THE BELL
Would that the sound of the bell might go beyond our earth ,
And be heard even by all the denizens of the darkness outside the Iron Mountains ( cakravala ) !
Would that , their organ of hearing becoming pure , beings might attain perfect interfusion [ of all the senses ] ,
So that every one of them might come finally to the realization of supreme enlightenment ! [ 1 ]
[ 1 . It is customary in the Zen monastery to recite the Kwannongo while striking the big bell , which is done three times a day .
The present gatha is recited when the striking is finished .
As will be seen below , from Kwannon issues a sound which is heard by those who sincerely believe in his power of releasing them from every form of disaster .
Each sound emitted by the bell is the voice of Kwannon calling on us to purify our sense of hearing , whereby a spiritual experience called " interfusion " will finally take place in us .
See under the Ryogonkyo and the Kwannongyo below . ]
II .
THE DHARANIS
Properly speaking , the dharani has no legitimate place in Zen .
That it has nevertheless crept into its daily service is clue to the general characteristics of Chinese Buddhism of the Sung dynasty , when the Japanese Zen masters visited China and imported it as they found it then , together with the Shingon elements of Chinese Zen .
In China the Shingon did not thrive very long but left its traces in Zen .
Dharani , the root of which is dhr , " to hold " or " to convey " , is ordinarily translated by the Chinese tsung - ch'ih , " general holder " , at neng - ch'ih , " that which holds " .
A dharani is considered as holding magical power in it or bearing deep meaning .
When it is pronounced , whatever evil spirits there are ready to interfere with the spiritual effect of a ritual , are kept away from it .
In the following pages the three most frequently read dharanis are given .
When translated they convey no intelligent signification .
They mostly consist of invocations and exclamations .
The invocation is an appeal to the higher powers , and the exclamation is to frighten away the evil spirits .
That the practical result of these utterances is not to be judged objectively goes without saying .
THE DHARANIS
I
DHARANI OF REMOVING DISASTERS
Adoration to all the Buddhas !
Adoration to the Teaching that knows no obstructions !
Thus : Om !
Khya khya khyahi khyahi ( speak , speak ) !
Hum hum !
Jvala jvala prajvala prajvala ( blaze , blaze ) !
Tistha tistha ( up , up ) !
Stri Stri ( ? ) !
Sphata ( burst , burst ) !
One who is quiescent !
To the glorious one , hail !
II
DHARANI OF THE GREAT COMPASSIONATE ONE
Adoration to the Triple Treasure !
Adoration to Avalokitesvara the Bodhisattva - Mahasattva who is the great compassionate one !
Om , to the one who performs a leap beyond all fears !
Having adored him , may I enter into the heart of the blue - necked one known as the noble adorable Avalokitesvara !
It means the completing of all meaning , it is pure , it is that which makes all beings victorious and cleanses the path of existence .
Thus :
Om , the seer , the world - transcending one !
O Hari the Mahabodhisattva !
All , all !
Defilement , defilement !
The earth , the earth !
It is the heart .
Do , do the work !
Hold fast , hold fast !
O great victor !
Hold on , hold on !
I hold on .
To Indra the creator I
Move , move , my defilement - free seal !
Come , come !
Hear , hear !
A joy springs up in me !
Speak , speak !
Directing !
Hulu , hulu , mala , hulu , hulu , hile !
Sara , Sara ! siri , siri !
suru , suru !
Be awakened , be awakened !
Have awakened , have awakened !
O merciful one , blue - necked one !
Of daring ones , to the joyous , hail !
To the successful one , hail !
To the great successful one , hail !
To the one who has attained mastery in the discipline , hail !
To the blue - necked one , hail !
To the boar - faced one , hail !
To the one with a lion 's head and face , hail !
To the one who holds a weapon in his hand , hail !
To the one who holds a wheel in his hand , hail !
To the one who holds a lotus in his hand , hail !
To the blue - necked far - causing one , hail !
To the beneficient one referred to in this Dharani beginning with " Namah , " hail !
Adoration to the Triple Treasure !
Adoration to Avalokitesvara !
Hail !
May these [ prayers ] be successful !
To this magical formula , hail !
III
DHARANI OF THE VICTORIOUS BUDDHA -CROWN
Adoration to the Blessed One who is the most excellent one in the triple world !
Adoration to the Enlightened One , to the Blessed One !
Namely :
Om !
Cleanse [ us ] , cleanse [ us ] !
O one who is always impartial !
One who , being in possession of all - pervading , all - illuminating light , is pure in his self - nature , cleansed of the darkness of the five paths of existence !
Baptize us , O Sugata , with an immortal baptism which consists of the best words , of the great true phrases !
Remove disasters , remove disasters , O one who holds an eternal life !
Cleanse us , cleanse us , O one who is as pure as the sky !
O one who is as pure as the victorious Buddha - crown !
O one who is inflamed with a thousand rays of light !
O all the Tathagatas who look over [ the entire world ] !
O one who is perfect in the Six Paramitas !
O one who holds the great seal empowered with the spiritual power which emanates from the heart of every Tathagata !
O one whose body is as hard and pure as Vajra !
O one who is thoroughly pure , cleansed of all impediments , all fears , and all the evil paths !
Turn us away [ from evils ]
O one who enjoys a purified life !
O one who empowers us with [ the power of ] the original covenant !
O jewel , jewel , the great jewel !
O Suchness which is reality - limit and absolute purity !
O one who is pure in his evolved enlightenment !
Be victorious , be victorious , be ever victorious , be ever victorious !
Bear in mind , bear in mind !
O one who is pure being empowered by all Buddhas !
O Vajragarbha who holds the Vajra !
Let my body be like Vajra !
Let those of all beings too be like Vajra !
O one who is in possession of an absolutely pure body !
O one who is absolutely pure from all the paths of existence !
And let me be consoled by all the Tathagatas !
O one who is empowered with the consoling power of all the Tathagatas !
Be enlightened , be enlightened , be ever enlightened , be ever enlightened !
Have them enlightened , have them enlightened , have them ever enlightened , have them ever enlightened !
O one who is most pure in a most thoroughgoing way !
O one who holds a great seal empowered with the spiritual power which emanates from the heart of every Tathagata !
Hail !
III .
THE SUTRAS
The sutras most read in Zen are the Shingyo ( Prajnaparamitahridaya ) , the Kwannongyo ( Samantamukha - parivarta ) , and the Kongokyo ( Vajracchedika ) .
The Shingyo being the shortest is read on almost all occasions .
The Ryoga ( Lankavatara ) is historically significant , but being difficult to understand is very little studied nowadays by followers of Zen .
For further information see the author 's works on the sutra .
The Ryogon ( Suramgama ) is not so neglected as the Ryoga .
It is full of deep thoughts , and was studied very much more in China than in Japan .
There are some more sutras of the Mahayana school with which Zen students will do well to become better acquainted , for example , the Kongosammaikyo ( Vajrasamadhi ) , the Yengakukyo ( Sutra of Perfect Enlightenment ) , the Yuimakyo ( Vimalakirti- sutra ) , and the Hannyakyo ( Prajnaparamita ) .
None of them have been translated into English , except the Yuima which is difficult to obtain now .
THE SUTRAS
I
ENGLISH TRANSLATION OF THE SHINGYO
When [ 1 ] the Bodhisattva Avalokitesvara was engaged in the practice of the deep Prajnaparamita , he perceived that there are the five Skandhas ; [ 2 ] and these he saw in their self - nature to be empty . [ 3 ]
" O Sariputra , form is here emptiness , [ 4 ] emptiness is form ; form is no other than emptiness , emptiness is no other than form ; that which is form is emptiness , that which is emptiness is form .
The same can be said of sensation , thought , confection , and consciousness .
" O Sariputra , all things here are characterized with emptiness : they are not born , they are not annihilated ; they are not tainted , they are not immaculate ; they do not increase , they do not decrease .
Therefore , O Sariputra , in emptiness there is no form , no sensation , no thought , no confection , no consciousness ; no eye , [ 5 ] ear , nose , tongue , body , mind ; no form , [ 6 ] sound , colour , taste , touch , objects ; no Dhatu of vision , [ 7 ] till we come to [ 8 ] no Dhatu of consciousness ; there is no knowledge , no ignorance , " till we come to there is no old age and death , no extinction of old age and death ; there is no suffering , [ 10 ] no accumulation , no annihilation , no path ; there is no knowledge , no attainment , [ and ] no realization , [* ] because there is no attainment .
In the mind of the Bodhisattva who dwells depending on the Prajnaparamita there are no obstacles ; [+] and , going beyond the perverted views , he reaches final Nirvana .
All the Buddhas of the past , present , and future , depending on the Prajnaparamita , attain to the highest perfect enlightenment .
" Therefore , one ought to know that the Prajnaparamita is the great Mantram , the Mantram of great wisdom , the highest Mantram , the peerless Mantram , which is capable of allaying all pain ; it is truth because it is not falsehood : this is the Mantram proclaimed in the Praynaparamita .
It runs : ' Gate , gate , Paragate , parasamgate , bodhi , svaha ! '
( O Bodhi , gone , gone , gone to the other shore , landed at the other shore , Svaha ! ) "
NOTES
1 There are two texts with the title of The Hridaya : the one is known as the Shorter and the other the Larger .
The one printed above is the shorter sutra in general use in Japan and China .
The opening passage in the larger text in Sanskrit and Tibetan , which is missing in the shorter one , is as follows : [ The Tibetan has this additional passage : " Adoration to the Prajnaparamita , which is beyond words , thought , and praise , whose
[* Nabhisamayah is missing in the Chinese translations as well as in the Horyuji MS .
+ For varana all the Chinese have " obstacle " , and this is in full accord with the teaching of the Prajnaparamita .
Max Muller 's rendering , " envelop " , is not good . ]
self - nature is , like unto space , neither created nor destroyed , which is a state of wisdom and morality evident to our inner consciousness , and which is the mother of all Excellent Ones of the past , present , and future " . ]
" Thus I heard .
At one time World - honoured One dwelt at Rajagriha , on the Mount of the Vulture , together with a large number of Bhikshus and a large number of Bodhisattvas .
At that time the World - honoured One was absorbed in a Samadhi ( Meditation ) known as Deep Enlightenment .
And at the same moment the Great Bodhisattva Aryavalokitesvara was practising himself in the deep Prajnaparamita . "
The concluding passage , which is also missing in the shorter text , runs as follows :
" O Sariputra , thus should the Bodhisattva practise himself in the deep Prajnaparamita .
At that moment , the World - honoured One rose from the Samadhi and gave approval to the Great Bodhisattva Aryavalokitesvara , saying :
Well done , well done , noble son !
so it is !
so should the practice of the deep Prajnaparamita be carried on .
As it has been preached by you , it is applauded by Tathagatas and Arhats .
Thus spoke the World - honoured One with joyful heart .
The venerable Sariputra and the Great Bodhisattva Aryavalokitesvara together with the whole assemblage , and the world of Gods , Men , Asuras , and Gandharvas , all praised the speech of the World - honoured One . "
2 . From the modern scientific point of view , the conception of Skandha seems to be too vague and indefinite .
But we must remember that the Buddhist principle of analysis is not derived from mere scientific interest ; it aims at saving us from the idea of an ultimate individual reality which is imagined to exist as such for all the time to come .
For when this idea is adhered to as final , the error of attachment is committed , and it is this attachment that forever enslaves us to the tyranny of external things .
The five Skandhas ( " aggregates " or " elements " ) are form ( rupam ) , sensation or sense - perception ( vedana ) , thought ( samjna ) , confection or conformation ( samskara ) , and consciousness ( vijnana ) .
The first Skandha is the material world or the materiality of things , while the remaining four Skandhas belong to the mind .
Vedana is what we get through our senses ; samjna corresponds to thought in its broadest sense , or that which mind elaborates ; samskara is a very difficult term and there is no exact English equivalent ; it means something that gives form , formative principle ; vijnana is consciousness or mentation .
There arc six forms of mentation , distinguishable as seeing , hearing , smelling , tasting , touching , and thinking .
3. Hsuan - chuang 's translation has this added : " He was delivered from all suffering and misery . "
4. " Empty " ( sunya ) or " emptiness " ( sunyata ) is one of the most important notions in Mahayana philosophy and at the same time the most puzzling for non-Buddhist readers to comprehend .
Emptiness does not mean " relativity " , or " phenomenality " , or " nothingness " , but rather means the Absolute , or something of transcendental nature , although this rendering is also misleading as we shall see later .
When Buddhists declare all things to be empty , they are not advocating a nihilistic view ; on the contrary an ultimate reality is hinted at , which cannot be subsumed under the categories of logic .
With them , to proclaim the conditionality of things is to point to the existence of something altogether unconditioned and transcendent of all determination .
Sunyata may thus often be most appropriately rendered by the Absolute .
When the sutra says that the five Skandhas have the character of emptiness , or that in emptiness there is neither creation nor destruction , neither defilement nor immaculacy , etc. , the sense is : no limiting qualities are to be attributed to the Absolute ; while it is immanent in all concrete and particular objects , it is not in itself definable .
Universal negation , therefore , in the philosophy of Prajna is an inevitable outcome .
5 . No eye , no ear , etc. , refer to the six senses .
In Buddhist philosophy , mind ( manovijnana ) is the special sense - organ for the apprehension of dharma , or objects of thought .
6 . No form , no sound , etc. , are the six qualities of the external world , which become objects of the six senses .
7. " Dhatu of vision etc. " refer to the eighteen Dhatus or elements of existence , which include the six senses ( indriya ) , the six qualities ( vishaya ) , and the six consciousnesses ( vijnana ) .
8 . " Till we come to " ( yavat in Sanskrit , and nai chih in Chinese ) is quite frequently met with in Buddhist literature to avoid repetition of well - known subjects .
These classifications may seem somewhat confusing and overlapping .
9 . " There is no knowledge , no ignorance , etc. " is the wholesale denial of the Twelvefold Chain of Causation ( pratityasamutpada ) , which are ignorance ( avidya ) , deed ( samskara ) , consciousness ( vijnana ) , name and form ( namarupa ) , six sense - organs ( sadayatana ) , contact ( sparsa ) , sense - perception ( vedana ) , desire ( trishna ) , attachment ( upadana ) , being ( bhava ) , birth ( jati ) , and old age and death ( jaramarana ) .
This Chain of Twelve has been a subject of much discussion among Buddhist scholars .
10 .
The allusion is of course to the Fourfold Noble Truth ( satya ) : 1 . Life is suffering ( duhkha ) ; 2 . Because of the accumulation ( samudaya ) of evil karma ; 3 .
The cause of suffering can be annihilated ( nirodha ) ; 4 .
And for this there is the path ( marga ) .
II
THE KWANNON SUTRA[ 1 ]
At that time Mujinni [ 2 ]
Bosatsu rose from his seat , and , baring his right shoulder , turned , with his hands folded , towards the Buddha , and said this : World - honoured One , for what reason is Kwanzeon Bosatsu so named ?
The Buddha said to Mujinni Bosatsu : Good man , when those innumerable numbers of beings -- hundred - thousands of myriads of kotis of them -- who are suffering all kinds of annoyances , hearing of this Kwanzeon Bosatsu , will utter his name with singleness of mind , they will instantly hear his voice and be released .
Even when people fall into a great fire , if they hold the name of Kwanzeon Bosatsu , the fire will not scorch them because of the spiritual power of this Bosatsu .
When they are
[ 1 . Generally known as Kwannon - gyo in Japanese and Kuan - yin Ching in Chinese .
It forms the Twenty - fifth Chapter in Kumarajiva 's translation of the Saddharma - pundarika , " the Lotus of the Good Law " .
Its Sanskrit title is Samantamukha Parivarta .
It is one of the most popular sutras in Japan , especially among followers of the Holy Path , including Zen , Tendai , Shingon , Nichiren , etc .
The Sanskrit for Kwannon seems , according to some Japanese authorities , originally to have been Avalokitasvara , and not Avalokitesvara .
If so , Kwannon is a more literal rendering than Kwanzeon ( Kuan - shih - yin ) or Kwanjizai ( Kuan - tzu - tsai ) .
The Bodhisattva Avalokitasvara is " the owner of voice which is viewed or heard " .
From him issues a voice which is variously heard and interpreted by all beings , and it is by this hearing that the latter are emancipated from whatever troubles they are in .
The present translation is from Kumarajiva 's Chinese .
In the reading of the proper names , the Japanese way of pronunciation has been retained .
2. Bodhisattva Akshayamati in Sanskrit , that is , Bodhisattva of Inexhaustible Intelligence . ]
tossed up and down in the surging waves , if they pronounce his name they will get into a shallower place .
When hundred - thousands of myriads of kotis of people go out into the great ocean in order to seek such treasures as gold , silver , lapis lazuli , conch shells , cornelian , coral , amber , pearls , and other precious stones , their boats may be wrecked by black storms , and they may find themselves thrown up into the island of the Rakshasas ; if among them there is even a single person who will utter the name of Kwanzeon Bosatsu all the people will be released from the disaster [ which is likely to befall them at the hand ] of the Rakshasas .
For this reason the Bosatsu is called Kwanzeon .
When , again , a man is about to suffer an injury , if he will utter the name of Kwanzeon Bosatsu , the sword or the stick that is held [ by the executioner ] will be at once broken to pieces and the man be released .
When all the Yakshas and Rakshasas filling the three thousand chiliocosms come and annoy a man , they may hear him utter the name of Kwanzeon Bosatsu , and no wicked spirits will dare look at him with their evil eyes , much less inflict injuries on him .
When again a man , whether guilty or innocent , finds himself bound in chains or held with manacles , he uttering the name of Kwanzeon Bosatsu will see all these broken to pieces and be released .
When all the lands in the three thousand chiliocosms are filled with enemies , a merchant and his caravan loaded with precious treasures may travel through the dangerous passes .
One of the company will say to the others : " O good men , have no fear ; only with singleness of thought utter the name of Kwanzeon Bosatsu .
As this Bosatsu gives us fearlessness , utter his name and you will be delivered from your enemies . "
Hearing this , all the company join in the recitation , saying , " Kwanzeon Bosatsu be adored ! "
Because of this uttering the name of the Bosatsu they will be released .
O Mujinni , such is the awe - inspiring spiritual power of Kwanzeon Bosatsu Makasatsu .
When people are possessed of excessive lust , let them always reverentially think of Kwanzeon Bosatsu and they will be freed from it .
If they are possessed of excessive anger , let them always reverentially think of Kwanzeon Bosatsu , and they will be freed from it .
When they are possessed of excessive folly let them always reverentially think of Kwanzeon Bosatsu , and they will be freed from it .
O Mujinni , of such magnitude is his spiritual power which is full of blessings .
Therefore , let all beings always think of him .
If a woman desire a male child , let her worship and make offerings to Kwanzeon Bosatsu , and she will have a male child fully endowed with bliss and wisdom .
If she desire a female child , she will have one graceful in features and in possession of all the characteristics ( of noble womanhood ] , and because of her having planted the root of merit the child will be loved and respected by all beings .
O Mujinni , such is the power of Kwanzeon Bosatsu .
If all beings worship and make offerings to Kwanzeon Bosatsu , they will derive benefits unfailingly from this .
Therefore , let all beings hold the name of Kwanzeon Bosatsu .
O Mujinni , if there is a man who holds the names of all the Bodhisattvas equal in number to sixty - two billion times as many as the sands of the Ganga , and till the end of his life makes them offerings of food and drink , clothing and bedding and medicine , what do you think ?
Is not the merit accumulated by such a man very great ?
Mujinni said : Very great , indeed , World - honoured One !
The Buddha said :
Here is another man ; if he should hold the name of Kwanzeon Bosatsu even for a while and make offerings to the Bosatsu , the merit so attained by this one is fully equal to that [ of the previous one ] , and will not be exhausted even to the end of hundred - thousands of myriads of kotis of kalpas .
Those who hold the name of Kwanzeon Bosatsu gain such immeasurable and innumerable masses of blissful merit .
Mujinni Bosatsu said to the Buddha : " World - honoured One , how does Kwanzeon Bosatsu visit this Saha world ? [ 1 ]
[ 1 . That is , sahaloka , world of patience . ]
How does he preach the Dharma to all beings ?
What is the extent of his skilful means ?
The Buddha said to Mujinni Bosatsu : O good man , if there are beings in any country who are to be saved by his assuming a Buddha - form , Kwanzeon Bosatsu will manifest himself in the form of a Buddha and preach them the Dharma .
If beings are to be saved by his assuming a Pratyekabuddha - form , the Bosatsu will manifest himself in the form of a Pratyekabuddha and preach them the Dharma .
If beings are to be saved by his assuming a Sravaka - form , the Bosatsu will manifest himself in the form of a Sravaka and preach them the Dharma .
If beings are to be saved by his assuming a Brahma - form , the Bosatsu will manifest himself in the form of a Brahma and preach them the Dharma .
If beings are to be saved by his assuming a Sakrendra - form , the Bosatsu will manifest himself in the form of a Sakrendra and preach them the Dharma .
If beings are to be saved by his assuming an Isvara - form , the Bosatsu will manifest himself in the form of an Isvara and preach them the Dharma .
If beings are to be saved by his assuming a Mahesvara - form , he will manifest himself in the form of a Mahesvara and preach them the Dharma .
If beings are to be saved by his assuming a Chakravartin - form , the Bosatsu will manifest himself in the form of a Chakravartin and preach them the Dharma .
If beings are to be saved by his assuming a Vaisravana - form , the Bosatsu will manifest himself in the form of a Vaisravana and preach them the Dharma .
If beings are to be saved by his assuming the form of a Provincial chief , the Bosatsu will manifest himself in the form of a provincial chief and preach them the Dharma .
If beings are to be saved by his assuming a householder 's form , the Bosatsu will manifest himself in the form of a householder and preach them the Dharma .
If beings are to be saved by his assuming a lay - disciple 's form , the Bosatsu will manifest himself in the form of a lay - disciple and preach them the Dharma .
If beings are to be saved by his assuming a state - officer 's form , the Bosatsu will manifest himself in the form of a state - officer and preach them the Dharma .
If beings are to be saved by his assuming a Brahman - form , the Bosatsu will manifest himself to them in the form of a Brahman and preach them the Dharma .
If beings are to be saved by his assuming a Bhikshu - form , or a Bhikshuni - , or an Upasaka - , or an Upasika - form , the Bosatsu will manifest himself in the form of a Bhikshu , or a Bhikshuni , or an Upasaka , or an Upasika , and preach them the Dharma .
If beings are to be saved by his assuming a female form of the family of a householder , or a lay - disciple , or a state - officer , or a Brahman , the Bosatsu will manifest himself in the form of such a female and preach them the Dharma .
If beings are to be saved by his assuming a youth - or a maiden - form , the Bosatsu will manifest himself in the form of a youth or a maiden and preach them the Dharma .
If beings are to be saved by his assuming a Deva- , Naga- , Yaksha- , Gandharva - , Asura- , Garuda- , Kinnara- , Mahoraga- , Manushya - , or Amanushya - form , the Bosatsu will manifest himself in any of these forms and preach them the Dharma .
If beings are to be saved by his assuming a Vajrapani - form , the Bosatsu will manifest himself in the form of Vajrapani and preach them the Dharma .
O Mujinni , this Kwanzeon Bosatsu performs such meritorious deeds by assuming varieties of forms , and by visiting different lands saves and releases beings .
Therefore , you will make offerings with singleness of thought to Kwanzeon Bosatsu .
In the midst of fears , perils , and disasters , it is he who gives us fearlessness , [ 1 ] and for this reason he is called in this Saha world the one who gives fearlessness .
Mujinni Bosatsu said to the Buddha : I wish now to make
[ 1. " Safety " , or better " faith " . ]
offering to Kwanzeon Bosatsu .
So saying , he took off his necklace strung with all kinds of precious gems worth hundreds of thousands of gold pieces , and presented it to Kwanzeon Bosatsu with this word : Venerable Sir , accept this necklace of precious gems as a Dharma offering .
Kwanzeon Bosatsu refused to accept it , whereupon Mujinni said to him : Venerable Sir , Pray accept this out of compassion for us all .
Then the Buddha said to Kwanzeon Bosatsu :
Out of compassion for Mujinni Bosatsu and all the four classes of beings , and also for the Devas , Nagas , Yakshas , Gandharvas , Asuras , Garudas , Kinnaras , Mahoragas , Manushyas , Amanushyas and others , accept , O Kwanzeon Bosatsu , this necklace of his .
Then because of his compassion for all the four classes of beings and for Devas , Nagas , Manushyas , Amanushyas and others , Kwanzeon Bosatsu accepted the necklace , and dividing it into two parts he presented the one to Shakamunibutsu ( Sakyamuni Buddha ) and the other to the shrine of Tahobutsu ( Prabhutaratna Buddha ) .
O Mujinni , Kwanzeon Bosatsu who is the possessor of such a miraculous spiritual power , visits in this wise this Saha world .
At that time Mujinni Bosatsu asked in verse , saying :
O World - honoured
One who is in possession of exquisite features , I now again ask him :
For what reason is the son of the Buddha called Kwanzeon ?
The Honoured One in possession of exquisite features answered Mujinni in verse : just listen to the life of Kwanzeon !
He is always ready to respond to calls from all quarters .
His universal vows are as deep as the ocean .
For ages beyond conception , he has served myriads of Buddhas and made great vows of purity .
I will briefly tell you about them .
When people hear his name and see his body and think of him in their minds not vainly , they will see every form of ill effaced in all the worlds .
If an enemy wishing to harm a man pushes him down to a pit of great fire , let his thought dwell on the power of Kwannon and the fiery pit will be transformed into a pond .
Or if drifting in the vast ocean a man is about to be swallowed up by the Nagas , fishes , or evil beings , let his thought dwell on the power of Kwannon , and the waves will not drown him .
Or if from the top of Mount Sumeru a man is hurled down by an enemy , let his thought dwell on the power of Kwannon , and he will stay in the air like the sun .
Or if pursued by wicked persons a man falls on the Vajra mountain , let his thought dwell on the power of Kwannon , and not a hair on him will be injured .
Or if surrounded by an army of enemies a man is threatened by them , each of whom with a sword in hand is about to injure him , let his thought dwell on the power of Kwannon , and the enemies will cherish a compassionate heart .
Or if persecuted by a tyrant a man is about to end his life at the place of execution , let his thought dwell on the power of Kwannon , and the executioner 's sword will at once be broken to pieces .
Or if a man should find himself imprisoned and enchained with his hands and feet manacled and fettered , let his thought dwell on the power of Kwannon , and he will be released from the shackles .
If harm is going to be done to a man by means of magic or poisonous herbs , let his thought dwell on the power of Kwannon , and the curse will revert to the people from whom it started .
Or if a man should encounter a party of Rakshasas , or Nagas exhaling poison , or evil spirits , let his thought dwell on the power of Kwannon , and no harm will ever be done to him .
If a man is surrounded by wild beasts whose sharp teeth and claws are to be dreaded , let his thought dwell on the power of Kwannon , and they will quickly run away in all directions .
If a man is attacked by venomous snakes and scorpions breathing poisonous gas ready to scorch him , let his thought the power of Kwannon , and they will all turn away from him shrieking .
When thunder - clouds burst with flashes of lightning , a storm of hailstones or pouring rain in torrents , thought dwell on the power of Kwannon and the storm will in no time clear away .
If a calamity falls on beings and they are tortured with interminable pain , [ let them resort to ] Kwannon who , being endowed with the mysterious power of wisdom , will save them from all troubles in the world .
Kwannon is the possessor of miraculous powers , widely disciplined in knowledge and skilful means , and in all the lands of the ten quarters there is not a place where he does not manifest himself .
The various evil paths of existence such as hells , evil spirits , beastly creatures , etc. , and the pains arising from birth , old age , disease , and death -- they will all by degrees be annihilated .
[ Kwannon is ] the one who views the world in truth , free from defilement , with knowledge extending far , and full of love and compassion ; he is to be always prayed to and always adored .
He is a pure , spotless light and , like the sun , dispels all darkness with wisdom , and also subverts the disastrous effects of wind and fire ; his all - illuminating light fills the world .
His body of love he keeps under control like thunder that shakes the world ; his thought of compassion resembles a great mass of cloud from which a rain of the Dharma comes down like nectar , destroying the flames of evil passions .
If a man is held at court with a case against him , or if he is intimidated at a military camp , let his thought dwell on the power of Kwannon , and all his enemies will beat retreat .
[ His is ] a most exquisite voice , a voice that surveys the World , the voice of Brahma , the voice of the ocean - one that excels all the voices of the world .
For this reason let our thought always dwell on him .
Let us never cherish thoughts of doubt about Kwanzeon who is thoroughly pure and holy and is really a refuge and protector in trouble , grief , death , and disaster .
He is in possession of all merits , regards all things with an eye of compassion , and like the ocean holds in himself an inestimable mass of virtues .
For this reason he is to be adored .
At that time Jiji Bosatsu [ 1 ] rose from his seat , and standing before the Buddha said : World - honoured One , they are truly furnished with no small amount of merit who listen to his Chapter on Kwanzeon Bosatsu , in which his life of perfect activities is described -- the life of one who endowed with miraculous powers , manifests himself in all directions .
When the Buddha finished preaching this Chapter on the All - sided One all the people in the assembly , amounting to 84,000 in number , cherished the desire for the supreme enlightenment with which there is nothing to compare .
III
THE KONGOKYO OR DIAMOND SUTRA [ 2 ]
1 . Thus I have heard .
At one time the Buddha stayed at Anathapindaka 's Garden in the grove of Jeta in the kingdom of Sravasti ; he was together with 1,250 great Bhikshus .
When the meal time came the World - honoured One put on his cloak and , holding his bowl , entered the great city of Sravasti , where he begged for food .
Having finished his begging from door to door , he came back to his own place , and took his meal .
[ 1. Dharanindhara in Sanskrit , " the supporter of the earth " .
2 Kongokyo in Japanese .
The full title in Sanskrit is Vajracchedika - prajna - paramita - sutra .
It belongs to the Prajna class of Mahayana literature .
Those who are not accustomed to this kind of reasoning may wonder what is the ultimate signification of all these negations .
The Prajna dialectic means to lead us to a higher affirmation by contradicting a simple direct statement .
It differs from the Hegelian in its directness and intuitiveness .
The present English translation is from Kumarajiva 's Chinese version made between 402-412 C.E. ]
When this was done , he put away his cloak and bowl , washed his feet , spread his seat , and sat down .
2 . Then the Venerable Subhuti , who was among the assembly , rose from his seat , bared his right shoulder , set his right knee on the ground , and , respectfully folding his hands , addressed the Buddha thus :
" It is wonderful , World - honoured One , that the Tathagata thinks so much of all the Bodhisattvas and instructs them so well .
World - honoured
One , in case good men and good women ever raise the desire for the Supreme Enlightenment , how would they abide in it ?
how would they keep their thoughts under control ? "
The Buddha said : " Well said , indeed , O Subhuti !
As you say , the Tathagata thinks very much of all the Bodhisattvas , and so instructs them well .
But now listen attentively and I will tell you .
In case good men and good women raise the desire for the Supreme Enlightenment , they should thus abide in it , they should thus keep their thoughts under control . "
" So be it , World - honoured One , I wish to listen to You . "
3 . The Buddha said to Subhuti : " All the Bodhisattva - Mahasattvas should thus keep their thoughts under control .
All kinds of beings such as the egg - born , the womb - born , the moisture - born , the miraculously - born , those with form , those without form , those with consciousness , those without consciousness , those with no -consciousness , and those without no -consciousness -- they are all led by me to enter Nirvana that leaves nothing behind and to attain final emancipation .
Though thus beings immeasurable , innumerable , and unlimited are emancipated , there are in reality no beings that are ever emancipated .
Why , Subhuti ?
If a Bodhisattva retains the thought of an ego , a person , a being , or a soul , he is no more a Bodhisattva .
4. " Again , Subhuti , when a Bodhisattva practises charity he should not be cherishing any idea , that is to say , he is not to cherish the idea of a form when practising charity , nor is he to cherish the idea of a sound , an odour , a touch , or a quality .
[ 1 ]
Subhuti , a Bodhisattva should thus practise charity without cherishing any idea of form .
Why ?
When a Bodhisattva practises charity without cherishing any idea of form , his merit will be beyond conception .
Subhuti , what do you think ?
Can you have the conception of space extending eastward ? "
" No , World - honoured One ' I cannot . "
" Subhuti , can you have the conception of space extending towards the south , or west , or north , or above , or below ? "
" No , World - honoured One , I cannot . "
" Subhuti , so it is with the merit of a Bodhisattva who practises charity without cherishing any idea of form ; it is beyond conception .
Subhuti , a Bodhisattva should cherish only that which is taught to him .
5 . " Subhuti , what do you think ?
Is the Tathagata to be recognized after a body - form ? "
" No , World - honoured One , he is not to be recognized after a body - form .
Why ?
According to the Tathagata , a body - form is not a body - form . "
The Buddha said to Subhuti , " All that has a form is an illusive existence .
When it is perceived that all form is no-form , the Tathagata is recognized . "
6. Subhuti said to the Buddha : " World - honoured One , if beings hear such words and statements , would they have a true faith in them ? "
The Buddha said to Subhuti : " Do not talk that way .
In the last five hundred years after the passing of the Tathagata , there may be beings who , having practised rules of morality and , being thus possessed of merit , happen to hear of these statements and rouse a true faith in them .
Such beings , you must know , are those who have planted their root of merit not only under one , two , three , four , or five Buddhas , but already under thousands of myriads of asamkhyeyas of Buddhas have they planted their root of merit of all kinds .
Those who hearing these statements rouse even one thought
[ 1 . Dharma , that is , the object of manovijnana , thought , as form ( rupa ) is the object of the visual sense , sound that of the auditory sense , odour that of the olfactory sense , and so forth . ]
of pure faith , Subhuti , are all known to the Tathagata , and recognized by him as having acquired such an immeasurable amount of merit .
Why ?
Because all these beings are free from the idea of an ego , a person , a being , or a soul ; they are free from the idea of a dharma as well as from that of a no - dharma .
Why ?
Because if they cherish in their minds the , idea of a form , they are attached to an ego , a person , a being , or a soul .
If they cherish the idea of a dharma , they are attached to an ego , a person , a being , or a soul .
Why ?
If they cherish the idea of a no - dharma , they are attached to an ego , a person , a being , or a soul .
Therefore , do not cherish the idea of a dharma , nor that of a no - dharma .
For this reason , the Tathagata always preaches thus : ' O you Bhikshus , know that my teaching is to be likened unto a raft .
Even a dharma is cast aside , much more a no - dharma . '
7. " Subhuti , what do you think ?
Has the Tathagata attained the supreme enlightenment ?
Has he something about which he would preach ? "
Subhuti said : " World - honoured One , as I understand the teaching of the Buddha , there is no fixed doctrine about which the Tathagata would preach .
Why ?
Because the doctrine he preaches is not to be adhered to , nor is it to be preached about ; it is neither a dharma nor a no - dharma .
' How is it so ?
Because all wise men belong to the category known as non-doing ( asamskara ) , and yet they are distinct from one another .
8. " Subhuti , what do you think ?
If a man should fill the three thousand chiliocosms with the seven precious treasures and give them all away for charity , would not the merit he thus obtains be great ? "
Subhuti said : " Very great , indeed , World - honoured One . "
" Why ?
Because their merit is characterized with the quality of not being a merit .
Therefore , the Tathagata speaks of the merit as being great .
If again there is a man who , holding even the four lines in this sutra , preaches about it to Others , his merit will be superior to the one just mentioned .
Because , Subhuti , all the Buddhas and their supreme enlightenment issue from this sutra .
Subhuti , what is known as the teaching of the Buddha is not the teaching of the Buddha .
9 . " Subhuti , what do you think ?
Does a Srotapanna think in this wise : ' I have obtained the fruit of Srotapatti ' ? "
Subhuti said : " No , World - honoured One , he does not .
Why ?
Because while Srotapanna means ' entering the stream ' there is no entering here .
He is called a Srotaparma who does not enter [ a world of ] form , sound , odour , taste , touch , and quality .
" Subhuti , what do you think ?
Does a Sakridagamin think in this wise , ' I have obtained the fruit of a Sakridagamin ' ? "
Subhuti said : " No , World - honoured One , he does not .
Why ?
Because while Sakridagamin means ' going - and - coming for once ' , there is really no going - and - coming here , and he is then called a Sakridagamin . "
" Subhuti , what do you think ?
Does an Anagamin think in this wise : ' I have obtained the fruit of an Anagamin ' ? "
Subhuti said : " No , World - honoured One , he does not .
Why ?
Because while Anagamin means ' not - coming ' there is really no not -coming and therefore he is called an Anagamin . "
" Subhuti , what do you think ?
Does an Arhat think in this wise : ' I have obtained Arhatship ' ? "
Subhuti said : " No , World - honoured One , he does not .
Why ?
Because there is no dharma to be called Arhat .
If , World - honoured One , an Arhat thinks in this wise : ' I have obtained Arhatship , ' this means that he is attached to an ego , a person , a being , or a soul .
Although the Buddha says that I am the foremost of those who have attained Aranasamadhi , [ 1 ] that I am the foremost of those Arhats who are liberated from evil desires , World - honoured One , I cherish no such thought that I have attained Arhatship .
World - honoured One , [ if I did , ] you would not tell me : ' O Subhuti ,
[ 1 . That is , Samadhi of non-resistance .
Arana also means a forest where the Yogin retires to practise his meditation . ]
are one who enjoys the life of non-resistance . '
Just because Subhuti is not at all attached to this life , he is said to be the one who enjoys the life of non-resistance . "
10 . The Buddha said to Subhuti : " What do you think ?
When the Tathagata was anciently with Dipankara Buddha did he have an attainment in the Dharma ? "
" No , World - honoured One , he did not .
The Tathagata while with Dipankara Buddha had no attainment whatever the Dharma . "
" Subhuti , what do you think ?
Does a Bodhisattva set any Buddha - land in array ? "
" No , World - honoured One , he does not . "
" Why ?
Because to set a Buddha - land in array is not to set it in array , and therefore it is known as setting it in array .
Therefore , Subhuti , all the Bodhisattva - Mahasattvas should thus rouse a pure thought .
They should not cherish any thought dwelling on form ; they should - not cherish any thought dwelling on sound , odour , taste , touch , and quality ; they should cherish thoughts dwelling on nothing whatever .
Subhuti , it is like unto a human body equal in size to Mount Sumeru ; what do you think ?
Is not this body large ? "
Subhuti said : " Very large indeed , World - honoured One .
Why ?
Because the Buddha teaches that that which is no -body is known as a large body . "
11 . " Subhuti , regarding the sands of the Ganga , suppose there are as many Ganga rivers as those sands , what do you think ?
Are not the sands of all those Ganga rivers many ? "
Subhuti said : " Very many , indeed , World - honoured one . "
" Considering such Gangas alone , they must be said to be numberless ; how much more the sands of all those Ganga rivers !
Subhuti , I will truly ask you now .
If there is a good man or a good woman who , filling all the worlds in the three thousand chiliocosms -- all the worlds as many as the sands of these Ganga rivers -- with the seven precious treasures , Uses them all for charity , would not this merit be very large ? "
Subhuti said : " Very large indeed , World - honoured One . "
Buddha said to Subhuti : " If a good man or a good woman holding even four lines from this sutra preach it to others , this merit is much larger than the preceding one .
12 . " Again , Subhuti , wherever this sutra or even four lines of it are preached , this place will be respected by all beings including Devas , Asuras , etc. , as if it were the Buddha 's own shrine or chaitya ; how much more a person who can hold and recite this sutra !
Subhuti , you should know that such a person achieves the highest , foremost , and most wonderful deed .
Wherever this sutra is kept , the place is to be regarded as if the Buddha or a venerable disciple of his were present . "
13 .
At that time , Subhuti said to the Buddha : " World - honoured One , what will this sutra be called ?
How should we hold it ? "
The Buddha said to Subhuti : " This sutra will be called the Vajra - prajna - paramita , and by this title you will hold it .
The reason is , Subhuti , that , according to the teaching of the Buddha , Prajnaparamita is not Prajnaparamita and therefore it is called Prajnaparamita .
Subhuti , what do you think ?
Is there anything about which the Tathagata preaches ? "
Subhuti said to the Buddha : " World - honoured One , there is nothing about which the Tathagata preaches . "
" Subhuti , what do you think ?
Are there many particles of dust in the three thousand chiliocosms ? "
Subhuti said : " Indeed , there are many , World - honoured One . "
" Subhuti , the Tathagata teaches that all these many particles of dust are no-particles of dust and therefore that they are called particles of dust ; he teaches that the world is no -world and therefore that the world is called the world .
" Subhuti , what do you think ?
Is the Tathagata to be recognized by the thirty - two marks [ of a great man ] ? "
" No , World - honoured One , he is not . "
" The Tathagata is not to be recognized by the thirty - two marks , because what are said to be the thirty - two marks are told by the Tathagata to be no-marks and therefore to the thirty - two marks .
Subhuti , if there be a good man or a good woman who gives away his or her lives as many as the sands of the Ganga , his or her merit thus gained does not exceed that of one who , holding even one gatha of four lines from this sutra , preaches them for others . "
14 .
At that time Subhuti , listening to this sutra , had a deep understanding of its signification , and , filled with tears of gratitude , said this to the Buddha : " Wonderful , indeed , World - honoured One , that the Buddha teaches us this sutra full of deep sense .
Such a sutra has never been heard by me even with an eye of wisdom acquired in my past lives .
World - honoured
One , if there be a man who listening to this sutra acquires a pure believing heart he will then have a true idea of things .
This one is to be known as having achieved a most wonderful virtue .
World - honoured
One , what is known as a true idea is no-idea , and for this reason it is called a true idea .
" World - honoured One , it is not difficult for me to believe , to understand , and to hold this sutra to which I have now listened ; but in the ages to come , in the next five hundred years , if there are beings who listening to this sutra are able to believe , to understand , and to hold it , they will indeed be most wonderful beings .
Why ?
Because they will have no idea of an ego , of a person , of a being , or of a soul .
For what reason ?
The idea of an ego is no - idea [ of ego ] , the idea of a person , a being , or a soul is no - idea [ of a person , a being , or a soul ] .
For what reason ?
They are Buddhas who are free from all kinds of ideas . "
The Buddha said to Subhuti , " It is just as you say .
If there be a man who , listening to this sutra , is neither frightened nor alarmed nor disturbed , you should know him as a wonderful person .
Why ?
Subhuti , it is taught by the Tathagata that the first Paramita is no-first - Paramita and therefore it is called the first Paramita .
Subhuti , the Paramita of humility ( patience ) is said by the Tathagata to be no-Paramita of humility , and therefore it is the Paramita of humility .
Why ?
Subhuti , anciently , when my body was cut to pieces by the King of Kalinga , I had neither the idea of an ego , nor the idea of a person , nor the idea of a being , nor the idea of a soul .
Why ?
When at that time my body was dismembered , limb after limb , joint after joint , if I had the idea either of an ego , or of a person , or of a being , or a soul , the feeling of anger and ill - will would have been awakened in me .
Subhuti , I remember , in my past five hundred births , I was a rishi called Kshanti , and during those times I had neither the idea of an ego , nor that of a person , nor that of a being , nor that of a soul .
" Therefore , Subhuti , you should , detaching yourself from all ideas , rouse the desire for the supreme enlightenment .
You should cherish thoughts without dwelling on form , you should cherish thoughts without dwelling on sound , odour , taste , touch , or quality .
Whatever thoughts you may have , they are not to dwell on anything .
If a thought dwells on anything , this is said to be no-dwelling .
Therefore , the Buddha teaches that a Bodhisattva is not to practise charity by dwelling on form .
Subhuti , the reason he practises charity is to benefit all beings .
" The Tathagata teaches that all ideas are no -ideas , and again that all beings are no -beings .
Subhuti , the Tathagata is the one who speaks what is true , the one who speaks what is real , the one whose words are as they are , the one who does not speak falsehood , the one who does not speak equivocally .
" Subhuti , in the Dharma attained by the Tathagata there is neither truth nor falsehood .
Subhuti , if a Bodhisattva should practise charity , cherishing a thought which dwells on the Dharma he is like unto a person who enters the darkness , he sees nothing .
If he should practise charity without cherishing a thought that dwells on the Dharma , he is like unto a person with eyes , he sees all kinds of forms illumined by the sunlight .
" Subhuti , if there are good men and good women in the time to come who hold and recite this sutra , they will be seen and recognized by the Tathagata with his Buddha - knowledge , and they will all mature immeasurable and innumerable merit .
15 . " Subhuti , if there is a good man or a good woman who would in the first part of the day sacrifice as many bodies of his or hers as the sands of the Ganga , and again in the middle part of the day sacrifice as many bodies of his or hers as the sands of the Ganga , and again in the latter part of the day sacrifice as many bodies of his or hers as the sands of the Ganga , and keep up these sacrifices through hundred - thousands of myriads of kotis of kalpas ; and if there were another who listening to this sutra would accept it with a believing heart , the merit the latter would acquire would far exceed that of the former .
How much more the merit of one who would copy , hold , learn , and recite and expound it for others !
" Subhuti , to sum up , there is in this sutra a mass of merit , immeasurable , innumerable , and incomprehensible .
The Tathagata has preached this for those who were awakened in the Mahayana ( great vehicle ) , he has preached it for those who were awakened in the Sreshthayana ( highest Vehicle ) .
If there were beings who would hold and learn and expound it for others , they would all be known to the Tathagata and recognized by him , and acquire merit which is unmeasured , immeasurable , innumerable , and incomprehensible .
Such beings are known to be carrying the supreme enlightenment attained by the Tathagata .
' Why ?
Subhuti , those who desire inferior doctrines are attached to the idea of an ego , a person , a being , and a soul .
They are unable to hear , hold , learn , recite , and for others expound this sutra .
Subhuti , wherever this sutra is preserved , there all beings , including Devas and Asuras , will come and worship it .
This place will have to be known as a chaitya , the object of worship and obeisance , where the devotees gather around , scatter flowers , and burn incense .
16 . " Again , Subhuti , there are some good men and good women who will be despised for their holding and reciting this sutra .
This is due to their previous evil karma for the reason of which they were to fall into the evil paths of existence ; but because of their being despised in the present life , whatever evil karma they produced in their previous lives will be thereby destroyed , and they will be able to attain the supreme enlightenment .
" Subhuti , as I remember , in my past lives innumerable asamkhyeya kalpas ago I was with Dipankara Buddha , and at that time I saw Buddhas as many as eighty - four hundred .
thousands of myriads of nayutas and made offerings to them and respectfully served them all , and not one of them was passed by me .
" If again in the last [ five hundred ] years , there have been people who hold and recite and learn this sutra , the merit they thus attain [ would be beyond calculation ] , for when this is compared with the merit I have attained by serving all the Buddhas , the latter will not exceed one hundredth part of the former , no , not one hundred thousand ten millionth part .
No , it is indeed beyond calculation , beyond analogy .
" Subhuti , if there have been good men and good women in the last five hundred years who hold , recite , and learn this sutra , the merit they attain thereby I cannot begin to enumerate in detail .
If I did , those who listen to it would lose their minds , cherish grave doubts , and not believe at all how beyond comprehension is the significance of this sutra and how also beyond comprehension the rewards are . " [ 1 ]
18 . The Buddha said to Subhuti : " Of all beings in those innumerable lands , the Tathagata knows well all their mental traits .
Why ?
Because the Tathagata teaches that all those mental traits are no-traits and therefore they are
[ 1 . This finishes the first part of the Diamond Sutra as it is usually divided here and passes on to the second part .
The text goes on in a similar strain through its remaining section .
Indeed , there are some scholars who think that the second part is really a repetition of the first , or that they are merely different copies of one and the same original text , and that whatever variations there are in these two copies arc the result of the glosses mixed into the text itself .
While I cannot wholly subscribe to this view , the fact is that passages containing similar thoughts recur throughout the whole Prajnaparamita literature .
In view of this I quote in the following only such ideas as have not fully been expressed in the first part . ]
known to be mental traits .
Subhuti , thoughts [ 1 ] of the past are beyond grasp , thoughts of the present are beyond grasp , and thoughts of the future are beyond grasp . "
23 . " Again , Subhuti , this Dharma is even and has neither elevation nor depression ; and it is called supreme enlightenment .
Because a man practises everything that is good , without cherishing the thought of an ego , a person , a being , and a soul , he attains the supreme enlightenment .
Subhuti , what is called good is no -good , and therefore it is known as good . "
26 . " Subhuti , what do you think ?
Can a man see the Tathagata by the thirty - two marks [ of a great man ] ? "
Subhuti said : " So it is , so it is .
The Tathagata is seen by his thirty - two marks . "
The Buddha said to Subhuti , " If the Tathagata is to be seen by his thirty - two marks , can the Cakravartin be a Tathagata ? "
Subhuti said to the Buddha : " World - honoured One , as I understand the teaching of the Buddha , the Tathagata is not to be seen by the thirty - two marks . "
Then the World - honoured One uttered this gatha :
" If any one by form sees me ,
By voice seeks me ,
This one walks the false path ,
And can not see the Tathagata . "
29 . " Subhuti , if a man should declare that the Tathagata is the one who comes , or goes , or sits , or lies , he does not understand the meaning of my teaching .
Why ?
The Tathagata does not come from anywhere , and does not depart to anywhere ; therefore he is called the Tathagata .
[ 1. Citta stands for both mind and thought .
The idea expressed here is that there is no particularly determined entity in us which is psychologically designated as mind or thought .
The moment we think we have taken hold of a thought , it is no more with us .
So with the idea of a soul , or an ego , or a being , or a Person , there is no such particular entity objectively to be so distinguished , and which remains as such eternally separated from the subject who so thinks .
This ungraspability of a mind or thought , which is tantamount to saying that there is no soul - substance as a solitary unrelated " thing " in the recesses of consciousness , is one of the basic doctrines of Buddhism , Mahayana and Hinayana . ]
32 . " How does a man expound it for others ?
When one is not attached to form , it is of Suchness remaining unmoved .
Why ?
" All composite things ( samskrita )
Are like a dream , a phantasm , a bubble , and a shadow ,
Are like a dew - drop and a flash of lightning ;
They are thus to be regarded . "
IV
THE LANKAVATARA SUTRA
This sutra is said to have been given by Bodhidharma to his chief disciple Hui - k'e as containing the essential teaching of Zen .
Since then it has been studied chiefly by Zen philosophers .
But being full of difficult technical terms in combination with a rugged style of writing , the text has not been so popular for study as other Mahayana sutras , for instance , the Pundarika , the Vimalakirti , or the Vajracchedika .
The chief interlocutor is a Bodhisattva called Mahamati , and varied subjects of philosophical speculation are discussed against a background of deep religious concern .
The topic most interesting for the reader of this book is that of svapratyatmagati , i.e. self - realization of the highest truth .
Some of the terms may be explained here : " Birth and death " ( samsara in Sanskrit ) always stands contrasted to " Nirvana " .
Nirvana is the highest truth and the norm of existence while birth and death is a world of particulars governed by karma and causation .
As long as we are subject to karma we go from one birth to another , and suffer all the ills necessarily attached to this kind of life , though it is a form of immortality .
What Buddhists want is not this .
" Mind only " ( cittamatra ) is an uncouth term .
It means absolute mind , to be distinguished from an empirical mind which is the subject of psychological study .
When it begins with a capital letter , it is the ultimate reality on which the entire world of individual objects depends for its value .
To realise this truth is the aim of the Buddhist life .
By " what is seen of the Mind - only " is meant this visible world including that which is generally known as mind .
Our ordinary experience takes this world for something that has its " self - nature " , i.e. existing by itself .
But a higher intuition tells us that this is not so , that it is an illusion , and that what really exists is Mind , which being absolute knows no second .
All that we see and hear and think of as objects of the vijnanas are what rise and disappear in and of the Mind - only .
This absolute Mind is also called in the Lankavatara the Dharma of Solitude ( vivikta - dhama ) , because it stands by itself .
It also signifies the Dharma 's being absolutely quiescent .
There is no " discrimination " in this Dharma of Solitude , which means that discrimination belongs to this side of existence where multiplicities obtain and causation rules .
Indeed , without this discrimination no world is possible .
Discrimination is born of " habit - energy " or " memory " , which lies latently preserved in the " alayavijnana " or all - conserving consciousness .
This consciousness alone has no power to act by itself .
It is altogether passive , and remains Inactive until a particularizing agency touches it .
The appearance of this agency is a great mystery which is not to be solved by the intellect ; it is something to be accepted simply as such .
It is awakened " all of a sudden " , according to Asvaghosha .
To understand what this suddenness means is the function of " noble wisdom " ( aryajnana ) .
But as a matter of experience , the sudden awakening of discrimination has no meaning behind it .
The fact is simply that it is awakened , and no more ; it is not an expression pointing to something else .
When the Alayavijnana or the all - conserving consciousness is considered a store - house , or better , a creative matrix from which all the Tathagatas issue , it is called " Tathagata - garbha " .
The Garbha is the womb .
Ordinarily , all our cognitive apparatus is made to work outwardly in a world of relativity , and for this reason we become deeply involved in it so that we fail to realize the freedom we all intrinsically possess , and as a result we are annoyed on all sides .
To turn away from all this , what may psychologically be called a " revulsion " or " revolution " must take place in our inmost consciousness .
This is not however a mere empirical psychological fact to be explained in terms of consciousness .
It takes place in the deepest recesses of our being .
The original Sanskrit is paravrittasraya .
The following extracts are from my English translation ( 1932 ) of the original Sanskrit text edited by Bunyu Nanjo , 1923 .
XVIII
Further , Mahamati , those who , afraid of sufferings arising from the discrimination of birth and death , seek for Nirvana , do not know that birth and death and Nirvana are not to be separated the one from the other ; and , seeing that all things subject to discrimination have no reality , imagine that Nirvana consists in the further annihilation of the senses and their fields .
They are not aware , Mahamati , of the fact that Nirvana is the Alayavijnana where a revulsion takes place by self - realization .
Therefore , Mahamati , those who are stupid talk of the trinity of vehicles and not of the state of Mind - only where there are no shadows .
Therefore , Mahamati , those who do not understand the teachings of the Tathagatas of the past , present , and future , concerning the external world , which is of Mind itself , cling to the notion that there is a world outside what is seen of the Mind and , Mahamati , go on rolling themselves along the wheel of birth and death .
XIX
Further , Mahamati , according to the teaching of the Tathagatas of the past , present , and future , all things are unborn .
Why ?
Because they have no reality , being manifestations of Mind itself ; and , Mahamati , as they are not born of being and non-being , they are unborn .
Mahamati , all things are like the horns of the hare , horse , donkey , or camel , but the ignorant and simple - minded , who are given up to their false and erroneous imaginations , discriminate things where they are not ; therefore , all things are unborn .
That all things are in their self - nature unborn , Mahamati , belongs to the realm of self - realization attained by noble wisdom , and does not belong essentially to the realm of dualistic discrimination cherished by the ignorant and simple - minded .
The self - nature and the characteristic marks of body , property , and abode evolve when the Alayavijnana is conceived of by the ignorant as grasping and grasped ; and then they fall into a dualistic view of existence where they recognize its rise , abiding , and disappearance , cherishing the idea that all things are born and subject to discrimination as to being and non-being .
Therefore , Mahamati , you should discipline yourself therein [ i.e. in self - realization ] .
XXIV
Further again , Mahamati , let the Bodhisattva - Mahasattva have a thorough understanding as to the nature of the twofold egolessness .
Mahamati , what is this twofold egolessness ?
[ It is the egolessness of persons and the egolessness of things .
What is meant by egolessness of persons ?
It means that ] in the collection of the Skandhas , Dhatus , and Ayatanas there is no ego - substance , nor anything belonging to it ; the Vijnana is originated by ignorance , deed , and desire , and keeps up its function by grasping objects by means of the sense - organs , such as the eye , etc. , and by clinging to them as real ; while a world of objects and bodies is manifested owing to the discrimination that takes place in the world which is of Mind itself , that is , in the Alayavijnana .
By reason of the habit - energy stored up by false imagination since beginningless time , this world ( vishaya ) is subject to change and destruction from moment to moment ; it is like a river , a seed , a lamp , wind , a cloud ; [ while the Vijnana itself is ] like a monkey who is always restless , like a fly who is ever in search of unclean things and defiled places , like a fire which is never satisfied .
Again , it is like a water - drawing wheel or a machine , it [ i.e. the Vijnana ] goes on rolling the wheel of transmigration , carrying varieties of bodies and forms , resuscitating the dead like the demon Vetala , causing the wooden figures to move about as a magician moves them .
Mahamati , a thorough understanding concerning these phenomena is called comprehending the egolessness of persons .
Now , Mahamati , what is meant by the egolessness of things ?
It is to realize that the Skandhas , Dhatus , and Ayatanas are characterized with the nature of false discrimination .
Mahamati , since the Skandhas , Dhatus , and Ayatanas are destitute of an ego - substance , being no more than an aggregation of the Skandhas , and subject to the conditions of mutual origination which are causally bound up with the string of desire and deed ; and since thus there is no creating agent in them , Mahamati , the Skandhas are even destitute of the marks of individuality and generality - , and the ignorant , owing to their erroneous discrimination , imagine here the multiplicity of phenomena ; the wise , however , do not .
Recognizing , Mahamati , that all things are devoid of the Citta , Manas , Manovijnana , the five Dharmas , and the [ three ]
Svabhavas , the Bodhisattva - Mahasattva , will well understand what is meant by the egolessness of things .
Again , Mahamati , when the Bodhisattva - Mahasattva has a good understanding as regards the egolessness of things , before long he will attain the first stage [ of the Bodhisattvahood ] , when he gets a definite cognition of the ageless .
When a definite acquisition is obtained regarding aspect of the stages [ of Bodhisattvahood ] , the Bodhisattva will experience joy , and , gradually and successively going the scale , will reach the ninth stage where his insight is perfected , and [ finally the tenth stage known as ] Great Dharma - megha .
Establishing himself here , he will be seated in the great Jewel palace known as " Great Lotus Throne " which is in the shape of a lotus and is adorned with various sorts of jewels and pearls ; he will then acquire and complete a world of Maya - nature ; surrounded by Bodhisattvas of the same character and anointed like the son of the Cakravarti by the hands of the Buddhas coming from all the Buddha - lands , he will go beyond the last stage of Bodhisattvahood , attain the noble truth of self - realization , and become a Tathagata endowed with the perfect freedom of the Dharmakaya , because of his insight into the egolessness of things .
This , Mahamati , is what is meant by the egolessness of all things , and in this you and other Bodhisattva - Mahasattvas should well exercise yourselves .
XXVIII
At that time , Mahamati the Bodhisattva - Mahasattva said this to the Blessed One : Now the Blessed One makes mention of the Tathagata - garbha in the sutras , and verily it is described by you as by nature bright and pure , as primarily unspotted , endowed with the thirty - two marks of excellence , hidden in the body of every being like a gem of great value , which is enwrapped in a dirty garment , enveloped in the garment of the Skandhas , Dhatus , and Ayatanas , and soiled with the dirt of greed , anger , folly , and false imagination , while it is described by the Blessed One to be eternal , permanent , auspicious , and unchangeable .
Is not this Tathagata - garbha taught by the Blessed One the same as the ego - substance taught by the philosophers ?
The ego as taught in the systems of the philosophers is an eternal creator , unqualified , omnipresent , and imperishable .
The Blessed One replied : No , Mahamati , my Tathagata - garbha is not the same as the ego taught by the philosophers ; for what the Tathagatas teach is the Tathagata - garbha in the sense , Mahamati , that it is emptiness , reality - limit , Nirvana , being unborn , unqualified , and devoid of will - effort ; the reason why the Tathagatas , who are Arhats and Fully - Enlightened Ones , teach the doctrine pointing to the Tathagata - garbha is to make the ignorant cast aside their fear when they listen to the teaching of egolessness and to have them realize the state of non-discrimination and imagelessness .
I also wish , Mahamati , that the Bodhisattva - Mahasattvas of the present and future would not attach themselves to the idea of an ego [ imagining it to be a soul ] .
Mahamati , it is like a potter who manufactures various vessels out of a mass of clay of one sort by his own manual skill and labour combined with a rod , water , and thread , Mahamati , that the Tathagatas preach the egolessness of things which removes all the traces of discrimination by various skilful means issuing from their transcendental wisdom ; that is , sometimes by the doctrine of the Tathagata - garbha , sometimes by that of egolessness , and like a potter , by means of various terms , expressions , and synonyms .
For this reason , Mahamati , the philosophers ' doctrine of an ego - substance is not the same as the teaching of the Tathagata - garbha .
Thus , Mahamati , the doctrine of the Tathagata - garbha is disclosed in order to awaken the philosophers from their clinging to the idea of the ego , so that those minds that have fallen into the views imagining the non-existent ego as real , and also into the notion that the triple emancipation is final , may rapidly be awakened to the state of supreme enlightenment .
Accordingly , Mahamati , the Tathagatas who are Arhats and Fully - Enlightened Ones disclose the doctrine of the Tathagata - garbha , which is thus not to be known as identical with the philosopher 's notion of an ego - substance .
Therefore , Mahamati , in order to abandon the misconception cherished by the philosophers , you must strive after the teaching of egolessness and the Tathagata - garbha .
XXXV
At that time , Mahamati the Bodhisattva - Mahasattva again said this to the Blessed One :
Pray tell me , Blessed One , about the attainment of self - realization by noble wisdom , which does not belong to the path and the usage of the philosophers ;
Which is devoid of [ all such predicates as ] being and non-being , oneness and otherness , bothness and not - bothness , existence and non-existence , eternity and non-eternity ;
Which has nothing to do with the false imagination , nor with individuality and generality ; which manifests itself as the truth of highest reality ;
Which , going up continuously by degrees the stages of purification , enters upon the stage of Tathagatahood ;
Which , because of the original vows unattended by any striving , will perform its works in infinite worlds like a gem reflecting a variety of colours ;
And which is manifested [ when one perceives how ] signs of individuation rise in all things as one realizes the course and realm of what is seen of Mind itself , and thereby I and other Bodhisattva - Mahasattvas are enabled to survey things from the point of view which is not hampered by marks of individuality and generality nor by anything of the false imagination , and may quickly attain supreme enlightenment and enable all beings to achieve the perfection of all their virtues .
Replied the Blessed One : Well done , well done , Mahamati ! and again , well done , indeed , Mahamati !
Because of your compassion for the world , for the benefit of many people , for the happiness of many people , for the welfare , benefit , happiness of many people , both of celestial beings and humankind , Mahamati , you present yourself before me and make this request .
Therefore , Mahamati , listen well and truly , and reflect , for I will tell you .
Assuredly , said Mahamati the Bodhisattva - Mahasattva , and gave ear to the Blessed One .
The Blessed One said this to him : Mahamati , since the ignorant and the simple - minded , not knowing that the world is what is seen of Mind itself , cling to the multitudinousness of external objects , cling to the notions of being and nonbeing , oneness and otherness , bothness and not - bothness , existence and non-existence , eternity and non-eternity , as having the character of self - substance ( svabhava ) , which idea rises from discrimination based on habit - energy , they are addicted to false imaginings .
Mahamati , it is like a mirage in which the springs are seen as if they were real .
They are imagined so by the animals who , thirsty from the heat of the season , would run after them .
Not knowing that the springs are their own mental illusions , the animals do not realize that there are no such springs .
In the same way , Mahamati , the ignorant and simple - minded with their minds impressed by various erroneous speculations and discriminations since beginningless time ; with their minds burning with the fire of greed , anger , and folly ; delighted in a world of multitudinous forms ; with their thoughts saturated with the ideas of birth , destruction , and subsistence ; not understanding well what is meant by existent and non-existent , by inner and outer , these ignorant and simple - minded fall into the way of grasping at oneness and otherness , being and non-being [ as realities ] .
Mahamati , it is like the city of the Gandharvas which the unwitted take for a real city , though it is not so in fact .
This city appears in essence owing to their attachment to the memory of a city preserved in seed from beginningless time .
This city is thus neither existent nor non-existent .
In the same way , Mahamati , clinging to the memory ( vasana ) of erroneous speculations and doctrines since beginningless time , they hold fast to ideas such as oneness and otherness , being and non-being , and their thoughts are not at all clear about what is seen of Mind - only .
Mahamati , it is like a man , who , dreaming in his sleep of a country variously filled with women , men , elephants , horses , cars , pedestrians , villages , towns , hamlets , cows , buffalos , mansions , woods , mountains , rivers , and lakes , enters into its inner apartments and is awakened .
While awakened thus , he recollects the city and its inner apartments .
What do you think , Mahamati ?
Is this person to be regarded as wise , who is recollecting the various unrealities he has seen in his dream ?
Said Mahamati : Indeed , he is not , Blessed One .
The Blessed One continued :
In the same way the ignorant and simple - minded who are bitten by erroneous views and inclined towards the philosophers , do not recognize that things seen of the Mind itself are like a dream , and are held fast by the notions of oneness and otherness , of being and non-being .
Mahamati , it is like the painter 's canvas on which there is neither depression nor elevation as imagined by the ignorant .
In the same way , Mahamati , there may be in the future some people brought up in the habit- energy , mentality , and imagination based on the philosophers ' erroneous views ; clinging to the ideas of oneness and otherness , or bothness and not - bothness , they may bring themselves and others to ruin ; they may declare those people nihilists who hold the doctrine of no - birth apart from the category of being and non-being .
They [ argue against ] cause and effect , they are followers of the wicked views whereby they uproot meritorious causes of unstained purity .
They are to be kept away by those whose desires are for things excellent .
They are those whose thoughts are entangled in the error of self , other , and both , entangled in the error of imagining being and non-being , assertion and refutation ; and hell will be their final resort .
Mahamati , it is like the dim - eyed ones who , seeing a hair - net , would exclaim to one another , saying : " It is wonderful !
it is wonderful !
Look , O honourable sirs ! "
And the said hair - net has never been brought into existence .
It is in fact neither an entity nor a non-entity , because it is seen and not seen .
In the same manner , Mahamati , those whose minds are addicted to discrimination of the erroneous views as cherished by the philosophers , and who are also given up to the realistic ideas of being and non-being , oneness and otherness , bothness and not - bothness , will contradict the good Dharma , ending in the destruction of themselves and others .
Mahamati , it is like a firebrand - wheel which is no real wheel but which is imagined to be of such character by the ignorant , but not by the wise .
In the same manner , Mahamati , those whose minds have fallen into the erroneous views of the philosophers will falsely imagine in the rise of all beings [ the reality of ] oneness and otherness , bothness and not - bothness .
Mahamati , it is like those water - bubbles in a rainfall which have the appearance of crystal gems , and the ignorant taking them for real crystal gems run after them .
Mahamati , they are no more than water - bubbles , they are not gems , nor are they not - gems , because of their being so comprehended [ by one party ] and being not so comprehended [ by another ] -
In the same manner , Mahamati , those whose minds are impressed by the habit - energy of the philosophical views and discriminations will regard things born as non-existent and those destroyed by causation as existent .
XXXVII
Further , Mahamati , there are four kinds of Dhyanas .
What are the four ?
They are : ( 1 ) The Dhyana practised by the ignorant , ( 2 ) the Dhyana devoted to the examination of meaning , ( 3 ) the Dhyana with Suchness for its object , and ( 4 ) the Dhyana of the Tathagatas .
What is meant by the Dhyana practised by the ignorant ?
It is the one resorted to by the Yogins exercising themselves the discipline of the Sravakas and Pratyekabuddhas , who perceiving that there is no ego - substance , that things are characterized with individuality and generality , that the body is a shadow and a skeleton which is transient , full of suffering , and is impure , persistently cling to these notions which are regarded as just so and not otherwise , and who starting from them successively advance until they reach the cessation where there arc no thoughts .
This is called the Dhyana practised by the ignorant .
Mahamati , what then is the Dhyana devoted to the examination of meaning ?
It is the one [ practised by those who , ] having gone beyond the egolessness of things , individuality and generality , the untenability of such ideas as self , other , and both , which are held by the philosophers , proceed to examine and follow up the meaning of the [ various ] aspects of the egolessness of things and the stages of Bodhisattvahood .
This is the Dhyana devoted to the examination of meaning .
What , Mahamati , is the Dhyana with Tathata for its object ?
When [ the Yogin recognizes that ] the discrimination of the two forms of egolessness is mere imagination , and that where he establishes himself in the reality of suchness ( yathabhuta ) there is no rising of discrimination , I call it the Dhyana with Tathata for its object .
What , Mahamati , is the Dhyana of the Tathagata ?
When [ the Yogin ] , entering upon the stage of Tathagatahood and abiding in the triple bliss which characterizes self - realization attained by noble wisdom , devotes himself , for the sake of all beings to the [ accomplishment of ] incomprehensible works , I call it the Dhyana of the Tathagatas .
Therefore , it is said :
There are the Dhyana for the examination of meaning , the Dhyana practised by the ignorant , the Dhyana with Tathata for its object , and the pure Dhyana of the Tathagata .
The Yogin , while in the exercise , sees the form of the sun or the moon , or something looking like a lotus , or the underworld , or various forms like sky , fire , etc .
All these appearances lead him to the way of the philosophers ; they throw him down into the state of Sravakahood , into the realm of the Pratyekabuddhas .
When all these are tossed aside and there is a state of imagelessness , then a condition in conformity with Tathata presents itself ; and the Buddhas will come together from all their countries and with their shining hands will stroke the head of this benefactor .
LXVIII
At the time , Mahamati the Bodhisattva - Mahasattva asked the Blessed One to explain concerning the deep - seated attachment to the existence of all things and the way of emancipation , saying : Pray tell me , Blessed One , pray tell me Tathagata , Arhat , Fully - Enlightened One , concerning the characteristics of our deep attachment to existence and of our detachment from it .
When I and other Bodhisattva - Mahasattvas understand well the distinction between attachment and detachment , we shall know what is the skilful means concerning them , and shall no more become attached to words according to which we grasp meaning .
When we understand well what is meant by attachment to the existence of all things and the detachment from them we shall destroy our discrimination of words and letters ; and , by means of our wisdom ( buddhi ) , enter into all the Buddha - lands and assemblies ; be well stamped with the stamp of the powers , the self - control , the psychic faculties , and the Dharanis ; and , well furnished with the wisdom ( buddhi ) in the ten inexhaustible vows , and shining with varieties of rays pertaining to the Transformation Body , behave ourselves with effortlessness like the moon , the sun , the jewel , and the elements ; and hold such views at every stage as are free from all the signs of self - discrimination ; and , seeing that all things are like a dream , like Maya , etc. , [ shall be able to ] enter the stage and abode of Buddhahood , and deliver discourses on the Dharma in the world of all beings and in accordance with their needs , and free them from the dualistic notion of being and non-being in the contemplation of all things which are like a dream and Maya , and free them also from the false discrimination of birth and destruction ; and , finally , [ shall be able to ] establish ourselves where there is a revulsion at the deepest recesses [ of our consciousness ] , which is more than words [ Can express ] .
Said the Blessed One : Well said , well said , Mahamati !
Listen well to me then , Mahamati , and reflect well within yourself ; I will tell you .
Mahamati the Bodhisattva - Mahasattva : said : Certainly , I will , Blessed One ; and gave ear to the Blessed One .
The Blessed One said to him thus : Mahamati , immeasurable is our deep - seated attachment to the existence of all things the significance of which we try to understand with words .
For instance , there are the deep - seated attachments to signs of individuality , to causation , to the notion of being and non-being , to the discrimination of birth and no-birth , to the discrimination of cessation and no-cessation , to the discrimination of vehicle and no-vehicle , of Samskrita and Asamskrita , of the characteristics of the stages and no-stages .
There is the attachment to discrimination itself , and to that arising from enlightenment the attachment to the discrimination of being and non-being on which the philosophers are so dependent , and the attachment to the triple vehicle and the one vehicle , which they discriminate .
These and others , Mahamati , are the deep - seated attachments to their discriminations cherished by the ignorant and simple - minded .
Tenaciously attaching themselves to these , the ignorant and simple - minded go on ever discriminating like the silkworms , which , with their own thread of discrimination and attachment , enwrap not only themselves but others and are charmed with the thread ; and thus they are ever tenaciously attached to the notions of existence and non-existence .
[ But really ]
Mahamati , there are no signs here of deep - seated attachment or detachment .
All things are to be seen as abiding in Solitude where there is no evolving of discrimination .
Mahamati , the Bodhisattva - Mahasattva should have his abode where he can see all things from the viewpoint of Solitude .
Further , Mahamati , when the existence and nonexistence of the external world are understood to be due to the seeing of the Mind itself in these signs , [ the Bodhisattva ] can enter upon the state of imagelessness where Mind - only is , and [ there ] see into the Solitude which underlies the discrimination of all things as being and non-being , and the deep - seated attachments resulting therefrom .
This being so , there are in all things no signs of a deep - rooted attachment or of detachment .
Here Mahamati , is nobody in bondage , nobody in emancipation , except those who by reason of their perverted wisdom recognize bondage and emancipation .
Why ?
Because in all things neither being nor non-being is to be taken hold of .
Further , Mahamati , there are three attachments deep - seated in the minds of the ignorant and simple - minded .
They are greed , anger , and folly ; and thus there is desire which is procreative and is accompanied by joy and greed ; closely attached to this there takes place a succession of births in the [ five ] paths .
Thus there are the five paths of existence for all beings who are found closely attached [ to greed , anger , and folly ] .
When one is cut off from this attachment , no signs will be seen indicative of attachment or of non-attachment .
V
THE RYOGONKYO , OR SURANGAMA SUTRA [ 1 ]
There are in the Chinese Tripitaka two sutras bearing the title , " Surangama " , but they are entirely different in contents .
The first one was translated into Chinese by
[ 1. " Sutra of Heroic Deed " . ]
Kumarajiva between 402-412 and consists of two fascicles .
The second one in ten fascicles was translated by Paramiti in 705 , and this is the one used by the Zen and also by the Shingon .
The reason why it is used by the Shingon is because it contains the description of a mandala and a mantram called " Sitatarapatala " ( white umbrella ) , the recitation of which , while practising the Samadhi , is supposed to help the Yogin , as the Buddhas and gods will guard him from the intrusion of the evil spirits .
But the general trend of thought as followed in this sutra is Zen rather than Shingon .
It was quite natural that all the commentaries of it belong to the Zen school .
The terms used here are somewhat unusual -- especially those describing the Mind .
The sutra is perhaps one of the later Mahayana works developed in India .
It treats of highly abstruse subjects .
Below is a synopsis of it .
1 . The sutra opens with Ananda 's adventure with an enchantress called Matanga who , by her magic charm , entices him to her abode .
The Buddha , seeing this with his supernatural sight , sends Manjusri to save him and bring him back to the Buddha .
Ananda is thoroughly penitent and wishes to be further instructed in the art of controlling the mind .
The Buddha tells him that all spiritual discipline must grow out of a sincere heart and that much learning has no practical value in life , especially when one 's religious experience is concerned .
Ananda had enough learning , but no Samadhi to stand against the influence of a sorceress .
2 . The reason why we go through the eternal cycle of birth and death and suffer ills incident to it is our ignorance as to the source of birth and death , that is , because Mind - essence is forgotten in the midst of causal nexus which governs this world of particular objects .
This Mind -essence is variously characterized as something original , mysterious , mysteriously bright , illumining , true , perfect , clear
This week , the Sanford Lab dedicated an underground science fortress to research dark matter .
The lab is 5,000 feet underground in the mountains of South Dakota , shielded from cosmic radiation .
Advertisement
The lab is on a site that used to do physics research , and was a gold mine before that .
The current Sanford Lab , in collaboration with the Deep Underground Science and Engineering Laboratory ( DUSEL ) , is the deepest underground lab in the world .
It 's divided into three levels : the shallow lab , the mid-level , and the deep campus .
The deep campus is 6 and a half Empire State Buildings deep , or around 8,000 feet .
Advertisement
Experiments are already underway at the 5,000 foot level , but the lab intends to run its dark matter experiments as deep as possible in a lab called the Xenon detector experiment , or LUX .
Doing the experiments deep inside the earth is n't just a demonstration in mad science ; it 's also a way to keep out interfering cosmic radiation .
The effects of dark matter in these experiments are so minuscule that any interfering radiation could throw off any experiments done at ground level .
To get any real data , these experiments require a lot of shielding .
Thousands of feet of earth should do the job just fine .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 " 8 K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
This $ 550 million project should be up and running by 2016 .
And soon after , it 'll probably make it 's SyFy channel debut as the site of a big - budget underground disaster movie !
Sanford Lab dedicated 4,850 feet underground [ Sanford Lab , via Physorg ]
( Top image : a 3D map of the universe 's dark matter , from NASA , ESA and R. Massey .
Bottom image : Zina Deretsky , National Science Foundation )
bagpiper420 said :
Relying on natural yeast results in a terrible , and most likely undrinkable product .
You have to kill the wild yeast off with campden and then incorporate your own yeast to allow for a controlled ( and sanitary ) fermentation process .
If there 's anything I know more about than cannabis , it 's wine ... I was basically raised on a vineyard on the North Fork of Long Island , so I 'm not speaking out of ass .
Click to expand ...
A report from " CryptoHippie " ( do n't know anything about this person / group ) has created an index to surveillance states , ranked from worst to best .
What 's especially notable about this report is its concise , intelligent definition of " Electronic Police States : "
The two crucial facts about the information gathered under an electronic
police state are these :
1 . It is criminal evidence , ready for use in a trial .
2 . It is gathered universally and silently , and only later organized for
use in prosecutions .
In an Electronic Police State , every surveillance camera recording , every
email you send , every Internet site you surf , every post you make , every
check you write , every credit card swipe , every cell phone ping … are all
criminal evidence , and they are held in searchable databases , for a long ,
long time .
Whoever holds this evidence can make you look very , very bad
whenever they care enough to do so .
You can be prosecuted whenever
they feel like it – the evidence is already in their database .
Perhaps you trust that your ruler will only use his evidence archives to
hurt bad people .
Will you also trust his successor ?
Do you also trust all of
his subordinates , every government worker and every policeman ?
Architecture is also present is perhaps one of the most ancient and traditional subjects in history : Religion .
So to start this week ’s Round Up , we bring you previously featured religious architecture .
Tautra Monastery / JSA
The project is situated on Tautra island in Trondheimsfjorden .
It is a new monastery for 18 nuns , complete with a small church and all the facilities needed to make a living , as areas for production and so on .
The original programme has been reduced with around 30 % by eliminating almost all the corridors in the project ( read more … )
Tanatorio Municipal de Leon / BAAS
The building is conceived as a tomb of tombs .
A completely buried construction , it eludes its volume and its signification in order to camouflage itself in the interstices of a too - close residential area .
A sheet of water by way of a roof constitutes the single facade , reflecting León ’s sky like an allegory of death .
All that emerges from the water ( read more … )
The Church of the Holy Cross / KHR
The church of the holy cross was conceived as part of the landscape around Jyllinge .
With its glass façade facing the fjord and a “ fishing net ” dividing the space of the church , the design clearly takes the history of the place seriously .
The place has an emotional power with its spatial topography that seems to make time stand still ( read more … )
+ 5
Temporary chapel for the Deaconesses of St - Loup / Localarchitecture
In the summer of 2007 , Localarchitecture and architect Danilo Mondada were awarded the contract to renovate the mother house of the Deaconess Community of St - Loup .
The commission involves the complete renovation of a historic building ( read more … )
The Prayer Chapel / debartolo architects
The PRAYER PAVILION OF LIGHT is part of a 58 - acre church campus in Phoenix , USA .
Sited along the edge of a desert preserve , a series of inclined , landscaped planes are incised by a 600 foot - long processional walk , progressively revealing the chapel as one gradually ascends the 28 vertical feet between the chapel mount and garden entrance ( read more … )
Debt Consolidation – Settlement Affiliate Program BBB A+ Gold Star Winner !
8 year old Debt Settlement Company with A rating with BBB and Gold Star award winner from BBB for ZERO complaints for 3 consecutive years , total 11 complaints in 8 years of Debt Settlement Business ; all resolved offers Debt Settlement Affiliate Program to reputable marketing companies .
Help clients that otherwise could n’t be helped and open up a profitable new revenue stream for yourself .
It is a simple process :
REDUCE CLIENT PAYMENTS NEARLY 50 % NO LICENSE REQUIRED START MAKING MONEY RIGHT AWAY Nationwide Attorney Network ( 45 states covered )
We take least debt amount ( $ 5000 ) in the market .
We take all types of Unsecured and non- govt .
debt. 39 % settlement average , as per our records , as per FTC Guidelines .
Most of the loan officers , Debt Settlement Companies across the country are struggling , while Loan officers , Debt Relief Affiliates and Debt Settlement Affiliates working with us are making more money than before .
The key to succeed is to diversify your business and get additional revenue streams .
Brokers must offer a wide range of programs to generate multiple profitable revenue streams .
Our Debt Settlement Affiliate Program accomplishes this .
This is a Finance Business Opportunity for anyone related to the Financial Industry .
You can Become a Debt Settlement Affiliate and open your own Debt Settlement Net Branch .
CUSTOM PROGRAMS : We offer Debt Settlement Programs from 6 - 60 months , allowing you to custom tailor a program to fit your client ’s needs .
From helping to set up an office , to training your sales team , we partner you in every step you take .
We go the extra mile to build and maintain a long - term relationship with our Debt Settlement Affiliates .
Why us ?
8 years old company with A+ rating with Better Business Bureau .
100 % clean internet track record .
You wo n’t find bad comments about our company anywhere on the internet .
Attorney based Debt Settlement program , practicing in 47 states .
100 % compliant model as per FTC TSR , state and federal laws .
Local attorneys meet customers face to face before charging first monthly payment .
Full Legal Representation for clients enrolled in the program .
The attorneys file answers for customers and even go to court if need be at no extra cost .
All included in the regular service fee .
Attorney based and Performance based models to cater to the growing needs of the industry .
Highest Commission to our Debt Settlement Affiliates .
And when we say highest we mean that .
We pay our Affiliates as high as 14 % of the total debt amount enrolled into the program .
( Tier system based on Monthly production ) Premier shift long Affiliate Support .
Dedicated Affiliate Manager for your office !
Web based CRM with complete functionality including E signatures .
2 weeks on site training by a certified trainer , using best in the industry training material .
Online training is available for experienced Debt Settlement Affiliates .
Web Affiliate Program : Credit Solutions Affiliate Program
How Web Affiliate works :
1 . Post links pointing to our website on your site .
2. Visitors from your site enrol to our services .
3 . We pay you commission for each sale .
Debt Free Affiliate Program
We : Provide the client contracts and the service .
You : Get appropriate signatures and documents ( sale ) and get paid .
* Daily , weekly and monthly payout available by check or wire
* Call centres welcome
Service Sold Payout Structure
Debt Consolidation
Up to 90 % of first month ’s payment ( $ 100 - $ 1000 )
Debt Settlement Up to 14 % of client ’s enrolled Debt Amount .
Revenue Share Lead Generation / Hot Transfers
We : Make the sale and provide the service .
You : Provide a qualified lead .
* Daily , weekly and monthly payout available by check or wire
* Call centres welcome
Successfully Converted Lead for this Service Payout
Structure
Debt Consolidation 20 % of first month ’s payment
Debt Settlement 1 % of Debt Amount
Let ’s Join Now !
We ca n’t wait to have you on our winning team !
Please fill the form below or feel free to call Calvin at 315 849 2529 or email us at calvin at debtsfreelife.com
The nuclear test comes against a backdrop of uncertainty about North Korea ’s reclusive leader , Kim Jong-il , and increased speculation about who might succeed him .
Mr. Kim suffered a stroke last August , which prompted him to step up preparations to transfer power to one of his three known sons .
Analysts believe the favorite son is his youngest , Kim Jong - un , who is in his mid-20s .
North Korea conducted its first nuclear test on Oct. 9 , 2006 , which was considered something of a bust by South Korean and American officials .
North Korea had given some advance notice before that test , which , like Monday ’s test , also was conducted in the country ’s northeast .
Pyongyang had recently threatened to conduct a second nuclear test , citing what it called Washington ’s “ hostilities . ”
If the North ’s latest test was more of a success , it could mean that North Korea has bolstered its atomic weapons capabilities  and its leverage over the United States , which has sought to denuclearize the North .
Image
This undated picture , released by the North Korean official news agency on May 23 , shows North Korea 's leader , Kim Jong - il , inspecting an air force unit .
Credit ...
KNS / Agence France - Presse — Getty Images
In Washington , the Obama administration had a cautious initial reaction to the news early Monday .
“ We are aware of the reports of a nuclear test by North Korea , ” said a senior State Department official who spoke on condition of anonymity because the department was still gathering information .
“ We are consulting with our allies .
Once we have established the facts , we will have more to say . ”
Fewer college grads have jobs than at any other time in recent memory — a report by the National Association
of Colleges and Employers annual student survey said that 20 percent of
2009 college graduates who applied for a job actually have one .
So , what should the unfortunate 80 % do ?
How about a post - graduate year doing some combination of the following ( not just one , how about all ) :
Spend twenty hours a week running a project for a non-profit .
Teach yourself Java , HTML , Flash , PHP and SQL .
Not a little , but mastery .
[ Clarification : I know you can't become a master programmer of all these in a year .
I used the word mastery to distinguish it from ' familiarity ' which is what you get from one of those Dummies type books .
I would hope you could write code that solves problems , works and is reasonably clear , not that you can program well enough to work for Joel Spolsky .
Sorry if I ruffled feathers . ]
Volunteer to coach or assistant coach a kids sports team .
Start , run and grow an online community .
Give a speech a week to local organizations .
Write a regular newsletter or blog about an industry you care about .
Learn a foreign language fluently .
Write three detailed business plans for projects in the industry you care about .
Self - publish a book .
Run a marathon .
Beats law school .
If you wake up every morning at 6 , give up TV and treat this list like a job , you 'll have no trouble accomplishing everything on it .
Everything !
When you do , what happens to your job prospects ?
