It was not until the 1920's and the spread of the automobile that home mortgages outnumbered farm mortgages .
In the 1930's , the mortgage industry got a huge assist from the feds -- not from the tax deduction , but from agencies like the Federal Housing Administration , which insured 30 - year loans , and , over time , the newly created Federal National Mortgage Association , or Fannie Mae .
Before then , the corner bank would issue a mortgage and wait for the homeowner to pay them back ; now savings and loans could replenish their capital by selling their mortgages to Fannie Mae -- meaning they could turn around and issue a new mortgage to someone else .
By the time the G.I. 's returned from World War II , bursting with dreams of homeownership , the mortgage industry was ready for them .
It was n't until after 1950 that the majority of homeowners had mortgages .
And thanks to this ready financing , renters suddenly became owners .
After hovering around 45 percent for the first half of the 20th century , the proportion of owner - occupied homes soared .
By 1960 , 62 percent of Americans owned their homes .
( Today , the figure is only slightly higher : 69 percent . )
Of course , it was in those postwar years , when people were getting their first mortgages and also their first homes , that Americans discovered the joy of the interest deduction .
Over time , it evolved into a birthright -- almost like owning a home itself .
Perhaps it was that confluence of trends that led people to suppose , as Daniel Gross did last year in the online journal Slate , that the U.S. 's " enviably high rate of homeownership " is a product of the deduction .
But the existence of credit was a much greater catalyst than the longstanding ability to deduct it .
Homeowners who genuflect to the deduction should probably be giving their thanks to mortgage bankers instead .
In any case , the growth of credit cards in the 70's began to turn the interest deduction into a serious loophole .
People were becoming plastic junkies ; if you paid for a washing machine on credit , the I.R.S. would give you a subsidy .
By the 1980's , this threatened the entire system of revenue collection .
There was some talk that the Treasury was looking at eliminating deductions , including , possibly , the interest deduction .
Economists thought it was a good idea .
" Tax economists tend to be skeptical about preferences in the tax , " says Joseph Thorndike , the director of the Tax History Project at the nonpartisan Tax Analysts .
" Are they targeted to the right people ?
We give tax breaks for college ; do we send more kids to college or help middle - class kids who are going to college anyway ? "
Fine and well , but was an elected official really going to risk fooling with the mortgage deduction ?
President Reagan was not .
Addressing the National Association of Realtors in 1984 , he said , " I want you to know that we will preserve the part of the American dream which the home - mortgage - interest deduction symbolizes . "
He did n't mention that it also symbolized the American love affair with debt ; after all , it encourages people to pay for their homes with a mortgage instead of with equity .
Two years later , in the tax - reform act of 1986 , Congress ended the deductibility of interest on credit - card and other consumer loans ; it left the mortgage deduction in place .
But Congress did set a cap .
Today , a taxpayer can deduct the interest on mortgages worth up to a total of $ 1 million on his or her first or second homes .
Also , you can deduct up to $ 100,000 on a home - equity loan .
( And what prevents you from using a home - equity line to buy a flat - screen TV and then deducting the interest ?
Absolutely nothing ; go for it . )
At the beginning of 2005 , flush from his election victory , President Bush envisioned another major tax reform , somewhat similar to that of 1986 .
Simplifying the tax code was a major goal , as was winnowing out the tax breaks that were again eating a hole through the Treasury .
Bush appointed a nine - member , bipartisan panel to drum up a proposal .
The president ordered the panel to " recognize the importance of homeownership . "
People figured the interest deduction was off limits .
ReferenceProperty prefetching in App Engine
Posted by Nick Johnson | Filed under python , tech , app- engine , cookbook , coding
This post is a brief interlude in the webapps on App Engine series .
Fear not , it 'll be back !
Frequently , we need to do a datastore query for a set of records , then do something with a property referenced by each of those records .
For example , supposing we are writing a blogging system , and we want to display a list of posts , along with their authors .
We might do something like this :
class Author ( db. Model ) : name = db. StringProperty ( required =True ) class Post ( db. Model ) : title = db. TextProperty ( required =True ) body = db. TextProperty ( required =True ) author = db.ReferenceProperty ( Author , required =True ) posts = Post.all ( ) .order ( " - timestamp " ) . fetch ( 20 ) for post in posts : print post.
title print post.author.name
On the surface , this looks fine .
If we look closer , however - perhaps by using Guido 's excellent AppStats tool , we 'll notice that each iteration of the loop , we 're performing a get request for the referenced author entity .
This happens the first time we dereference any ReferenceProperty , even if we 've previously dereferenced a separate Reference Property that points to the same entity !
Obviously , this is less than ideal .
We 're doing a lot of RPCs , and incurring a lot of per-RPC overhead and delay .
Further , since we 're performing them serially , they take a lot longer than a batch fetch for the equivalent number of entities would take .
Is there some way we can improve on this ?
It turns out , there is .
There 's a well known mechanism for retrieving the key for a ReferenceProperty without dereferencing it , by using Property.get_value_for_datastore .
For example :
key = Post.author.get_value_for_datastore( a_post )
Given a list of entities , then , we can get the keys they reference , and with those , we can fetch the referenced entities .
How do we update the entities in the list with the retrieved references , though ?
The code for caching referenced entities is deep inside the ReferenceProperty class , and although we could monkey around with it , we really should n't - it 's likely to break without notice .
There 's a way around this impasse , however :
We can simply set the Reference Property to the value we retrieved , as if we were modifying it .
This will cause the ReferenceProperty to update the value ( but no change there ) , and to cache the entity for later dereferencing .
Easy !
Here 's the code :
def prefetch_refprop( entities , prop ) : ref_keys = [ prop.get_value_for_datastore(x ) for x in entities ] ref_entities = dict ( ( x.key ( ) , x ) for x in db.get ( set ( ref_keys ) ) ) for entity , ref_key in zip ( entities , ref_keys ) : prop.__set__(entity , ref_entities [ ref_key ] ) return entities
Line 2 extracts the referenced key from each entity that was passed in , storing it in a list named ref_keys .
On line 3 , we first convert ref_keys to a set , eliminating any duplicates , then we retrieve the referenced entities with a db.get ( ) .
Finally , we construct a dict mapping entity keys to retrieved entities with the results .
Line 4 iterates through the original entities and the keys they referenced , and line 5 sets the property on each entity to the retrieved value , looking it up in the dict we just constructed .
At the end , we return the original list of entities , so we can use our function as a filter , if we wish .
Here 's how it 's used :
posts = Post.all ( ) .order ( " - timestamp " ) .
fetch ( 20 ) prefetch_refprop(posts , Post.author ) for post in posts : print post.
title print post.author.name
This is looking really good - but what if we want to dereference multiple Reference Property fields on the same set of entities ?
We could call prefetch_refprop once for each , but that 's reintroducing some of the same inefficiency we wrote all this to combat .
Can we do better ?
Naturally we can :
def prefetch_refprops( entities , * props ) : fields = [ ( entity , prop ) for entity in entities for prop in props ] ref_keys = [ prop.get_value_for_datastore(x ) for x , prop in fields ] ref_entities = dict ( ( x.key ( ) , x ) for x in db.get ( set ( ref_keys ) ) ) for ( entity , prop ) , ref_key in zip ( fields , ref_keys ) : prop.__set__(entity , ref_entities [ ref_key ] ) return entities
This is similar to the original function , but with a couple of added wrinkles .
We 've converted the " prop " argument to " * props " , allowing us to pass any number of Reference Property instances as additional arguments .
On line 2 , we create the list " fields " , which consists of the cartesian join of entities and properties - that is , every combination of entity and property in the input lists .
Line 3 operates much the same as previously , except that both the property and the entity are fetched from the fields list .
Line 4 remains completely unchanged , while line 5 , the loop , now zips together the fields list and the referenced keys .
Line 6 behaves as previously .
Using this new function is exactly the same as using the original one , except that we can now pass multiple ReferenceProperty instances , as in " prefetch_refprops ( posts , Post.author , Post.category ) " - and they 're all fetched with a single datastore get .
One caveat if you intend to use this recipe :
With regular dereferencing , two fields that reference the same entity will return different objects , which can be modified independently .
With our recipe , though , if the keys are the same , the entities will be the same object - so modifying post1.author could modify post2.author !
Bear this in mind if you intend to modify the referenced entities .
Disqus
The photovoltaic industry was hit hard this year , contracting in size as the economic crisis took hold , credit markets tightened and the once - hot Spanish market slowed to a crawl .
But speakers at a recent thin - film summit in San Francisco were largely optimistic , with many saying that as the solar market rebounds thin - film technologies are poised to successfully compete against conventional , crystalline silicon - based modules and other sources of electricity .
To grab more market share , however , the resonating theme from the conference was cost reduction .
“ The bottom line is cost , ” said Harin Ullal , a project manager focused on PV for the National Renewable Energy Laboratory ( NREL ) .
“ Installers want the lowest cost systems , so everyone is trying to squeeze out every cent possible . ”
Ullal , who has compiled a list of 60 U.S. - based thin - film companies , said during the summit that most industry players aim to reduce costs through a combination of increased scale , module efficiency gains , higher yield and less ( or cheaper ) materials .
One such company is CIGS module developer XsunX .
Vice President of Engineering Robert Wendt said during a panel that the startup is trying to reduce costs mainly through efficiency gains .
“ If we go from 10 - 11 percent to 15 - 16 percent , then the price of all your commodity materials goes down by that amount , ” Wendt said .
The Aliso Viejo , Calif . - based company is developing a hybrid manufacturing process for CIGS modules that would combine magnetic media technology from the hard disc drive industry with small - area , thin - film deposition processes .
The latter , as opposed to large area processes , have achieved higher lab efficiencies , and XsunX hopes it can do the same on a commercial scale .
Meanwhile , Santa Clara , Calif - based Applied Materials , which makes manufacturing equipment for amorphous - silicon thin - film modules , is taking a multi- pronged approach to reducing costs .
Applied ’s Christopher Beitel said during a panel that the company believes the biggest savings will come from scaling factory output .
Manufacturing lines larger than about 300 megawatts ( MW ) would lead to savings in reduced capital equipment , labor and materials costs of about US $ 0.15 per watt produced , Beitel said ( To put that in perspective , Lux Research senior analyst Ted Sullivan said Applied ’s manufacturing lines typically produce thin - film modules for about $ 1.30 - $ 1.50 per watt ) .
Besides scale , Applied is looking to reduce costs with cheaper materials and efficiency improvements , Beitel said .
Every $ 10 per square meter reduction in material costs like glass or wiring and every 0.5 percent efficiency gain would result in overall panel savings of about US $ 0.06 per watt .
While every 1 percent improvement in yield , or the amount of salable product produced per day , would save about $ 0.02 per watt .
Solar panel makers have always sought to reduce their prices in the hope of attracting more customers , but thin - film companies are under particular pressure to succeed at this today .
That ’s because the leading thin - film player , Tempe , Ariz . - based First Solar , is now producing panels at less than $ 1 per watt while conventional silicon - based modules costs have plunged because of a large capacity oversupply .
Most thin - film players , in other words , are facing stiff competition , which is why their chunk of the PV market will remain relatively static in the near term , according to Paula Mints , an associate director with Navigant Consulting who conducts market research on the solar industry .
Mints estimates thin film will account for about 25 percent of the PV market this year and forecasts its market share will shift no more than a few percentage points through 2013 .
“ The cost of crystalline silicon is going down and its efficiency is going up , ” Mints said .
“ It ’s not a race thin film can win . ”
Still , even if thin film does n’t grow its market share , the overall upward trend in the solar industry that ’s expected to begin next year will nevertheless provide opportunities for thin - film companies .
Market research firm DisplaySearch forecasts global demand for PV will grow to 7.1 gigawatts ( GW ) next year from 5.1 GW this year , and then rise steadily to 26 GW by 2013 .
The firm , however , expects thin - film production capacity to rise during that same time period , from about 3.4 GW this year to 12.7 GW in 2013 .
Lux Research ’s Sullivan says those thin - film companies that can identify and execute on niche markets will be successful .
He said each application — such as roof - mounted solar or building - integrated solar — will “ bear a different cost for competitiveness ” and the $ 1 per watt threshold often cited in the industry is misleading .
Yes , thin - film companies must reduce costs , Sullivan said , but the targets they must reach to be competitive vary as much as the applications .
Fremont , Calif . - based Solyndra ( see image of panels above ) , for example , makes CIGS panels that are tailored for flat commercial roofs .
While Seal Beach , Calif . - based Amonix builds double - axis tracking arrays with optics concentrating sunlight onto highly efficient multijunction cells .
In coming years , widespread success for the emerging thin - film industry might hinge as much on smart business decisions as it does on cost savings and technological innovation .
Justin Moresco has been writing about sustainability and green issues since 2005 , first as a correspondent in West Africa for IRINnews .
He now focuses mainly on emerging clean technology and is based in the San Francisco Bay Area .
Before becoming a journalist , he was a licensed civil engineer .
The United States said Wednesday that it remained opposed to international inspections of biological weapon sites , even though it stressed its commitment to a UN treaty covering such arms and invaded Iraq in part over its alleged stalling of — UN weapons inspectors .
“ When it comes to the proliferation of bio weapons and the risk of an attack , the world community faces a greater threat , ” Ellen Tauscher , US Under Secretary of State on arms control and international security told state members of the Biological Weapons Convention .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ While the United States remains concerned about state - sponsored biological warfare and proliferation , we are equally , if not more concerned , about an act of bioterrorism , due to the increased access to advances in the life sciences , ” she added , stressing the importance of bolstering the treaty .
However , the new US administration is still against an additional protocol that would authorize international inspections of biological weapons sites .
“ The Obama Administration will not seek to revive negotiations on a verification protocol to the Convention , ” said Tauscher .
“ We have carefully reviewed previous efforts to develop a verification protocol and have determined that a legally binding protocol would not achieve meaningful verification or greater security , ” she added .
At BWC talks in 2001 , the Bush administration scuttled negotiations for such a protocol , saying that intrusive checks could compromise US security and trade secrets .
ADVERTISEMENT
Outlining the new US administration ’s strategy on the issue , Tauscher said Washington believed that compliance to the treaty could be encouraged through “ enhanced transparency … and pursuing compliance diplomacy to address concerns . ”
The 1972 Biological Weapons Convention , signed by 163 countries , bans the development , production and reserves of biological weapons .
An explosion in a house where marijuana was being grown legally for medical use has resulted in two people being severely burned , according to Summit County authorities .
According to the Summit County Sheriff ’s department , deputies and members of the Red White and Blue Fire Department were called to a home just outside Breckenridge about 2:30 a.m. Sunday on the report of a house fire .
According to the man who called for emergency help , he had taken two of his roommates to the Summit Medical Center following an explosion at the home .
Deputies and firemen arriving at the home saw bloody footprints in the snow .
They saw windows , window frames , insulation and other debris scattered in the interior of the home .
They also smelled the odor of fresh marijuana and some type of chemical smell .
After testing the air to determine it was safe to proceed , firefighters and deputies entered the home .
There they found the roommate who had taken the two severely injured people to the Summit County Medical Center .
The man told them that those in the home were licensed to legally grow marijuana for medical purposes – a statement confirmed by the law enforcement agencies .
After obtaining a search warrant , investigators entered the home again and found several marijuana registry cards , along with numerous marijuana plants and four empty cases of butane fuel canisters .
The man who drove his roommates to the medical center said he was n’t in the room where the explosion occurred .
But he said he believed the explosion was the result of one of his roommates attempting to make hashish — or hash — in the room through a process using butane , which boils at room temperature .
The man said his roommate had made hash several times before and usually did so in the garage .
Jay Nelson , fire marshal for Red White and Blue Fire Department , said in a statement that butane should never be used inside a house .
“ When butane is used indoors , severe injury or death may result , ” said Nelson .
Authorities said the two individuals were transferred from the Summit Medical Center to a Denver area hospital to be treated for severe burns .
Investigators said that because this was a legal medical marijuana growing operation and falls under federal confidentiality regulations , no additional information or photos will be released .
Howard Pankratz : 303-954-1939 or hpankratz@denverpost.com
We learned back in November that Windows 7 was having a much ( much ! ) better first few days in retail than Vista did when it launched , but now that the system has had a full quarter and change to make an impression , it looks as if that growth is n't slowing down .
According to new figures from Net Application , Win7 is achieving a higher level of market penetration in a faster amount of time than Vista did ; after a month , Vista was stuck at 0.93 percent , while Win7 nailed the 4 percent mark .
After two months , Win7 jumped to 5.71 percent , while Vista was barely over 2 percent after the same amount of time .
' Course , the newest version of Windows had a holiday season to help it out right from the get - go , but there 's still no denying that people are flocking to the system even now .
What 's most interesting , however , is that the overall market share of Windows 7 alone has now surpassed all OS X versions that are being tracked ( 10.4 , 10.5 and 10.6 ) , so put that in your pipe and smoke it .
Smoke it long and hard .
Last September , when Iran ’s uranium enrichment plant buried inside a mountain near the holy city of Qum was revealed , the episode cast light on a wider pattern :
Over the past decade , Iran has quietly hidden an increasingly large part of its atomic complex in networks of tunnels and bunkers across the country .
In doing so , American government and private experts say , Iran has achieved a double purpose .
Not only has it shielded its infrastructure from military attack in warrens of dense rock , but it has further obscured the scale and nature of its notoriously opaque nuclear effort .
The discovery of the Qum plant only heightened fears about other undeclared sites .
Now , with the passing of President Obama ’s year - end deadline for diplomatic progress , that cloak of invisibility has emerged as something of a stealth weapon , complicating the West ’s military and geopolitical calculus .
The Obama administration says it is hoping to take advantage of domestic political unrest and disarray in Iran ’s nuclear program to press for a regimen of strong and immediate new sanctions .
But a crucial factor behind that push for nonmilitary solutions , some analysts say , is Iran ’s tunneling  what Tehran calls its strategy of “ passive defense . ”
Washington ( CNN ) --
The unsolved murder of human rights activists in Russia .
Their detention , torture and murder in Iran .
Their jailing in China and Vietnam .
Attacks on journalists in the Philippines , Pakistan , Mexico and Somalia .
Coups in Africa and Central America .
All isolated incidents around the world that together made 2009 a grim milestone in world freedom , according to a United States think tank that tracks liberty around the globe .
Declines in freedom around the world outweighed gains last year , for the fourth year in a row , Freedom House says in its annual survey published Tuesday .
" This represents the longest continuous period of deterioration in the nearly 40 - year history " of the report , writes this year 's author , Arch Puddington .
There were only 116 electoral democracies around the world in 2009 , the group found -- the lowest number since 1995 .
But the world is doing relatively well at democratic elections , compared with some other indicators .
" Governments are more likely to permit relatively honest elections than to allow an uncensored press , a robust civil society , and an independent judiciary , " Puddington writes .
The report is not all doom and gloom .
There was progress in Iraq , the Balkans , Malawi and Togo , Freedom House said .
And taking the long view , the world was more free in 2009 than when revolutions swept the communist world 20 years earlier .
The Central and Eastern European democracies born in 1989 have largely retained their freedom , despite economic pressures stemming from the worldwide recession .
But much of the former Soviet Union is in a dire state .
Central Asia is the least free region in the world , according to Freedom House , and contains two of the nine countries that got the survey 's " worst of the worst " rating .
Central Asia 's former Soviet republics of Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan are on that list , along with North Korea , Libya , Sudan , Myanmar ( also known as Burma ) , Equatorial Guinea , Eritrea and Somalia .
Ten other countries and territories fared only slightly better .
They are Belarus , Chad , China , Cuba , Guinea , Laos , Saudi Arabia , Syria , the breakaway Georgian region of South Ossetia , and Western Sahara , which is fighting for independence from Morocco .
Freedom
House groups countries into three categories : free , partly free and not free .
A total of 89 countries were rated free in 2009 .
That 's 46 percent of the 194 countries and territories in the survey , representing 46 percent of the world 's population .
Freedom House listed 58 countries as partly free .
That 's 30 percent of the world 's countries , with 20 percent of the global population .
The group said 47 countries were not free -- just under one in four of the countries in the world , but just over one in three of the world 's people .
China is home to more than half the people in the " not free " category , Freedom House said .
Freedom
House describes itself as a nonprofit , nonpartisan organization that supports democratic change , monitors freedom , and advocates for democracy and human rights .
It has been publishing its annual report since 1972 .
Manning and D'Acampo allegedly ate the rat as part of a meal I'm A Celebrity ...
Get Me Out Of Here ! winner Gino D'Acampo and Stuart Manning face charges of animal cruelty after cooking and eating a rat in the show .
The RSPCA in New South Wales , Australia , said it was " not acceptable " that a rat had been killed by the pair as part of a performance .
Police confirmed they had issued court attendance notices for 3 February 2010 .
The Italian chef and actor ate the rat after they were " exiled " and reduced to rations of rice and beans on the show .
D'Acampo , 33 , told the show 's video diary room , the Bush Telegraph : " I saw one of these rats running around .
I got a knife , I got its throat , I picked it up . "
The " exiled " group , including 30 - year - old Manning , ate the rat as part of a meal .
Ch Insp David Oshannessy , from the RSPCA in New South Wales , told BBC Radio 5 live there was a " code of practice " which dictated how animals could be used in theatrical productions and films .
It happened on a day no animals were featuring in production , so we did n't have an officer there
Ch Insp David Oshannessy , RSPCA
" The killing of a rat for a performance is not acceptable .
The concern is this was done purely for the cameras , " he said .
The charity sends staff whenever animals are used for filmed or live performances , he said , and so had been in contact with the programme 's producers before the rat was killed .
" Production staff have to submit a notification form to the RSPCA or Animal Welfare League - both are charged with responsibilities under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act .
" But we received no pre-notice or advice this segment was going to occur , it happened on a day no animals were featuring in production , so we did n't have an officer there , " he said .
New South Wales Police said there were no plans to bring charges against the ITV show 's producers .
A spokesman said : " Police from Murwillumbah yesterday issued field court attendance notices to two men aged 30 and 33 for the offence of animal cruelty .
" They are due to attend court at Murwillumbah local court on 3 February 2010 . "
An ITV spokesperson said : " The Australian RSPCA are currently investigating an incident that a rat was killed in the camp . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
His bill said : " To provide for the award of a gold medal on behalf of the Congress to Tiger Woods , in recognition of his service to the Nation in promoting excellence and good sportsmanship , and in breaking barriers with grace and dignity by showing that golf is a sport for all people . "
The bill had already been referred to the House financial services committee for consideration .
Champagne , pointy hats and Auld Lang Syne are for suckers .
You want to kick off the new year in style , you do it by buying a brand new game for the NES .
Advertisement
This is Battle Kid : Fortress of Peril , by Sivak Games .
It 's a real , proper game for the Nintendo Entertainment System .
It even comes on a cartridge .
Fans of home - made games for decades - old systems that look brutally tough willl be able to get it early next year from RetroZone .
Advertisement
' Battle Kid : Fortress of Peril ' could be the latest NES hit [ Joystiq ]
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Ever since its contract employee Jamie Leigh Jones went public with allegations that in 2005 , she was drugged and gang raped by some of her co-workers in Iraq and then detained in a storage container , KBR / Halliburton has fought her efforts to sue in a public courtroom .
Jones had been forced to sign a mandatory arbitration agreement as part of her employment contract , which required her to bring any work - related claims before a private arbitrator hired by KBR rather than a jury .
Jones fought the agreement and in September , prevailed in one of the most conservative federal appeals courts in the country .
Her story persuaded Sen . Al Franken ( D - MN ) to pass legislation to ban defense contractors from using arbitration agreements in cases of sexual assault .
But last week , KBR signaled its intention to continue fighting Jones , no matter how bad it makes the company look .
On Jan. 19 , it petitioned the Supreme Court to overturn the 5th Circuit Court of Appeals decision allowing Jones to press her case in a civil court rather than in arbitration .
Among its many arguments in favor of a high court hearing : that Jones is a relentless self - promoter who has “ sensationalize[d ] her allegations against the KBR Defendants in the media , before the courts , and before Congress . ”
In its petition , KBR is clearly miffed about the Franken Amendment , which it credits Jones with getting passed .
KBR also suggests that much of Jones ’ story is fabricated .
The company says in a footnote , “ Many , if not all , of her allegations against the KBR Defenandants are demonstrably false .
The KBR Defendants intend to vigorously contest Jones ’s allegations and show that her claims against the KBR Defendants are factually and legally untenable . ”
It ’s a curious argument to make in a petition asking to keep the case proceedings confidential ( a benefit of mandatory arbitration that KBR claims many assault victims really appreciate ) .
After all , if KBR has been wrongly accused in such public forums as Congress and the media , would n’t it be better off fighting the charges someplace it could be publicly vindicated ?
And if Jones ’ story is really false , why has KBR waited five years to respond ?
KBR must be pretty worried that lots of other women are getting in line to sue now that Jones has made it easier for them , a potentially expensive disaster .
Threatening to disparage an alleged rape victims seems more scare tactic rather than good legal strategy .
But KBR ’s legal strategy has been pretty loony from the get - go .
Rather than try to defend an indefensible arbitration system in a case with a compelling victim , KBR would have done far better to simply pay Jones to shut up and go away a long time ago , before she won Al Franken ’s heart .
At this point , even if it wins the court battle , the company is going to lose the PR fight .
Whatever the result , in the wake of today 's election , there will be a lot of claims made about what it meant .
Win or lose , Coakley should never have been in danger , and the fact that she has been is what people will try to be explaining .
It 's going to be predictable : People who believe that Democrats should legislate more like Republicans will say that Coakley suffered because Democrats went too far .
People who believe that Democrats should legislate in the best interest of working families and stand up to Wall Street and the insurance companies will say that Coakley suffered because Democrats compromised too much .
Both are probably true to some extent -- people hostile to Democrats are motivated by Democrats having done anything , or even having talked about it , and the Democratic base is disappointed in the individual mandate and the loss of the public option -- but that 's only a small part of the real story of this election .
No , for all the efforts to nationalize this election , it 's time to go back to the maxim that " all politics is local . "
In November , a Suffolk poll showed Coakley defeating Brown by 19 points .
The week before the election , a Suffolk poll showed Brown up by four points .
Now , ask yourself this .
Did the national political environment swing 23 points away from Democrats in general in that time ?
Not really .
If this race was mostly about the national environment , we might well be talking about how Coakley 's lead was a little narrower than expected , but Nate Silver would n't have Brown as a 3:1 favorite -- more likely the reverse , and then some .
Scott Brown was able to tap into national issues effectively , it 's true , but the key word there is effectively .
The fact is , he ran a great campaign .
He worked his ass off .
He downplayed being a Republican in his public campaigning while playing to the teabaggers below the radar .
He defined himself strongly from the get - go .
And then at the end , he shut his mouth and refused to say anything about his positions , only speaking publicly to pretend that exploration of those positions constituted negative campaigning .
Dave Weigel , covering Brown 's campaign from the ground , tweeted
Brown 's answers to reporters , on anything : " We 're working hard " or " No , no , no " ( walks away )
The media was complicit in that evasion -- but in part because Brown had done such a good job setting up his image .
Martha Coakley , on the other hand , ran a truly terrible campaign .
As Markos wrote last week ,
Democrats , on the other hand , were saddled with a candidate who thought she could nap her way to the Senate .
Not even
Teddy disrespected his state 's voters so brazenly .
He worked his ass off for votes , no matter how secure he seemed .
It was the reason he was able to overcome scandal and become politically invincible .
Coakley 's sloth will cost the party and allies money better spent for this fall ( if not the seat ) .
Coakley was beyond complacent , she made little effort to connect with voters , she seems to have quit raising money after the primary , and her campaign took all of her complacency and magnified it with disorganization and incompetence .
While Scott Brown campaigned , she disappeared , doing just 19 campaign stops to his 66 between the primary and Sunday .
Her online team did virtually nothing -- less than you would expect from a second - tier House race .
At the end , with the alarm sounded not by her campaign but by public polling , actual professionals arrived .
They attempted to do in a week what she should have spent six weeks doing , but rolling out an entire campaign 's worth of opposition research in a week inadvertently played into Brown 's " I'm a victim and she 's a vicious harpy " strategy .
( No latent appeals to misogyny there ...)
The bailout crew 's only choices were to leave Brown 's legislative record in the shadows , or be accused of negative campaigning .
It 's not a choice that would have been necessary given a moderately competent campaign in the preceding weeks .
So resist the temptation to proclaim this race a validator of all your dearest - held views on what Democrats should be doing .
Unless , that is , your dearest - held view is that Democrats should be running marginally competent campaigns .
In that case , you probably need some deeper beliefs , but today , you 're correct .
Ciudad de M�xico | Martes 22 de diciembre de 2009
Claudia Bola�os | El Universal
15:10
" Hay que tener cuidado que las expresiones no impliquen discriminaci�n a otros " , pidi� .
Consultado respecto de la reforma aprobada el lunes , el presidente de la Comisi�n de Derechos Humanos del Distrito Federal ( CDHDF ) , dijo que en todo momento el organismo que preside apoy� el que las personas del mismo sexo puedan casarse , pues es parte de las solicitudes del Programa de Derechos Humanos del DF .
Dijo que ser�a un retroceso el que esta ley fuera vetada , lo cual la comisi�n no acompa�ar� .
" Esto es un avance sustancial en el horizonte de los derechos humanos ; si hoy las personas heterosexuales pueden contraer matrimonio , no hay raz�n por la cual las personas que tienen orientaci�n distinta puedan hacerlo " .
China is second to the US in the number of academic papers produced
More than $ 100 m ( £ 63 m ) changes hands in China every year for ghost - written academic papers , according to research by a Chinese university .
The study , by Wuhan University , says Chinese academics and students often buy and sell scientific papers to swell publications lists .
Many of the purported authors never write the papers they sign .
China ranks second behind the United States by number of academic papers published every year .
In a country desperate to catch up with the developed world in science and technology , academic hacking has cast a shadow over its long - term innovative potential , according to BBC China analyst Shirong Chen .
Wake - up call
The market in buying and selling scientific papers has grown five - fold in the past three years .
Some hard - up masters or doctorate students are making a living by churning out papers for others .
Others mass - produce scientific papers in order to get monetary rewards from their institutions .
Two lecturers from central China were sacked late last month after it was discovered that they had falsified 70 papers in two years .
Critics say part of the problem lies in the official requirement on academic publication for degrees and job promotions .
But the root cause lies in the erosion of an academic code of conduct , our correspondent says .
As the country is still debating why no scholars from mainland China have won the Nobel Prize , the latest study serves as a wake - up call for the country to clean up its act , he adds .
Remember that little legal spat going on between Apple and Psystar ?
That one ’s been more or less wrapped up , with Apple being the sole victor there .
The dust from that case has barely had time to settle , and already we see another company quoting it to support its own restrictive , anti-consumer practices .
The company in question ?
Ha , it ’s Microsoft .
In October 2009 , Microsoft released an update for the Xbox 360 which intentionally blocked 3rd- party ( non-Microsoft ) memory cards from working with the game console .
UK - based Datel Design & Development , maker of 3rd party memory cards for the Xbox 360 , then sued Microsoft , claiming it was engaging in anti-competitive practices .
Datel sold 2GB memory cards for as low as 40 USD , whereas Microsoft ’s own 512MB cards go for about 30 USD , and on top of that , Datel used simple microSD cards , so you could backup data on your PC .
“ Microsoft ’s purpose in disabling Datel ’s memory cards is to prevent consumers from choosing a Datel product that offers far better value for the price , ” Datel said November 2009 , “ There is no benefit to consumers from Microsoft ’s decision to target and disable Datel ’s memory cards .
To the contrary , Microsoft ’s actions will leave approximately 50000 consumers with useless memory cards and ( without the ability to access their data on the cards ) , forestall innovation , and deprive future consumers of the benefits of competition . ”
In the lawsuit , Datel argues that Microsoft monopolises the market for “ Multiplayer Online Dedicated Gaming Systems ” , but it only gets there by stating that the Nintendo Wii is not part of that market , which is an arbitrary stretch .
In its motion to dismiss , Microsoft correctly argues that not only should the Wii be added to that market , but also the PSP and Nintendo DS .
On top of that , Redmond argues that if Apple is allowed to block clone makers , Microsoft should be allowed to block third party accessories from working with the Xbox 360 .
They argue that the Xbox 360 comes with a software license that authorises Microsoft to disable unauthorised accessories , much in the same way Mac OS X comes with an SLA which prohibits you from installing it on non-Apple labelled computers .
“ Xbox 360 purchasers knowingly and voluntarily gave Microsoft the right to prohibit the use of unauthorized accessories , ” Microsoft states , “ Each Xbox 360 comes packaged with a software license requiring consumers to agree that the Xbox 360 software can be used only with Microsoft authorized accessories . ”
I find it incredibly hilarious that out of all companies in the world , Microsoft is the one to use the Psystar case to defend its own anti-consumer practices .
This also happens to be the millionth nail in the coffin of the idiotic myth , propagated by Mac fans and Groklaw , that Microsoft is behind Psystar .
In any case , this is the world many Apple fans advocate .
A world wherein your own products , for which you paid good money , get broken arbitrarily by manufacturers because they do n’t like competition .
Like I said – it ’s a snowball effect .
It starts with Apple blocking clone makers , but it will end with you not having any control whatsoever over your hard and software .
When released earlier this year , the new iMac was the darling of the tech world with the 27 - inch Core i7 model hailed as the fastest , best value Mac to date .
That is if you can turn yours on .
A growing number of complaints about the 27 - inch iMac ’s screen issues has forced Apple to hold shipment of the popular desktop until it can figure out what ’s going wrong under all the chic brush metal .
The computing giant will hold off on shipping new iMacs for 2 weeks , just as people scramble for last - minute Christmas gifts .
Apple changed the shipping status on its online store for both 27 - in .
iMac models from “ Ships : 5 - 7 days ” to “ Ships : 2 weeks . ”
Problems began with customers finding their iMac was dead - on - arrival , entirely refusing to power on .
Other customers received iMacs with cracks in the screen or with flickering graphic problems which could only be paired nicely with trance music .
The most common graphic fault seems to be a 3 inch horizontal bar intermittently appearing across the screen , which would be annoying on every site except the X - Factor’s .
A thread on the Apple support forum is solely dedicated to the flickering screen problem with almost 1,200 separate messages and a view count of over 173,000 , making it easily the top - read thread on the iMac forum .
Apple ’s support forums lists almost 350 iMac issues which also includes hard drive failures and dog - whistle noises - we hope Apple is n’t trying to say something about its clientèle .
This thorough list of iMac stuff - ups has prompted one annoyed Mac fan to create a site purely to collate all of the iMac problems faced by new owners around the world .
The Apple iMac ( Fall 2009 ) Issues site is going strong with the number one complaint being a faulty screen that “ tore ” or just went black .
This issue accounts for 179 cases - over half of the total reported problems .
Have you had a problem with your shiny new iMac ?
Leave us a comment and let us know .
Buy 27 - inch iMac at the Apple Store .
Gordon Brown has made a conditional pledge for 500 more personnel Gordon Brown has said he is hopeful he will be able to persuade countries both in and outside Nato to send more military personnel to Afghanistan .
The prime minister said he had " taken responsibility " for making the case for reinforcing the Afghan effort and believed " burden sharing will happen " .
He told the BBC his strategy was " in line " with the US , which is considering how many more troops to send .
US President Barack Obama has said a decision will be taken " very soon " .
' Right strategy '
The focus of the mission , Mr Brown told BBC Radio 4's Today programme , was to weaken the Taliban and strengthen Afghan institutions so they could take control of their own affairs and " resist " the threat of terrorism .
GORDON BROWN ON TODAY Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" Troops will start coming home " " I believe we can succeed " " There 's got to be burden - sharing " " Criticism of me ... is nothing "
This would eventually enable British forces to come home knowing that their mission was a " job well done " , the prime minister added .
" Our strategy is now in the right place , " he said , adding that there were always " periods " during a war when strategy was questioned .
The UK has 9,000 troops in Afghanistan and is willing to send another 500 .
But this is conditional on other countries in the alliance - excluding the US - providing a further 5,000 troops .
The prime minister said he was " sending people " across Europe and further afield to make the case for more troops .
" I believe I can persuade countries who said only a few weeks ago they would send no more troops to Afghanistan that if we are training the Afghan forces , that if there is a way forward that allows their troops to come home over time that it is right for them to contribute troops as well and so burden sharing will happen . "
BBC security correspondent Gordon Corera said European governments were waiting to hear the results of the White House review of US strategy and troop numbers before committing themselves .
There are many people who are beginning to believe withdrawal is the only option - if we fail to adopt a new approach , it inevitably will be
Nick Clegg , Lib Dem leader
UK ' backs Taliban reintegration ' Top Tory criticises Sun PM attack Speaking in Japan , President Obama said a decision was imminent but stressed that he would be sending a " clear message " that it would not be an " open- ended commitment " and that Afghans must ultimately provide for their own security .
The president 's top military commander in Afghanistan , Gen Stanley McChrystal , is said to have requested 40,000 troops .
However , Karl Eikenberry , the US ambassador in Kabul , has voiced concerns - shared by many of Mr Obama 's advisers - about a surge in numbers because of concerns over Afghan government corruption .
Mr Brown said he believed Mr Obama 's views were very much " in line " with the proposals put forward by the general .
He also said he believed President Karzai was " willing " to take steps to clean up his government but he needed international help to do so .
' Last chance '
The UK's is the second largest contributor to the 71,000 strong International Security Assistance Force , of which half are American .
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg said the UK and US had one " last chance " to show they had a plan for success in Afghanistan .
Writing in The Times , Mr Clegg said that unless they could come up with a credible strategy , he " would struggle to look British voters in the eye and say that we should carry on with the war " .
" There are many people who are beginning to believe withdrawal is the only option , " wrote Mr Clegg .
" If we fail to adopt a new approach , it inevitably will be . "
Elected representatives from Nato countries meeting in Edinburgh have been told the battle against the Taliban is a struggle between the " civilised world and a type of barbarianism " .
US Congressman John Tanner , president of the Nato parliamentary assembly , said countries had to come together to fight " evil " as they had done during World War II .
Foreign Secretary David Miliband will address the conference on Tuesday .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Conservative filmmaker James O'Keefe is among four men charged after infiltrating Sen. Mary Landrieu ’s New Orleans office .
| AP photo composite by POLITICO Anti-ACORN filmmaker arrested
Federal authorities have arrested four men on felony charges for attempting to infiltrate Sen .
Mary Landrieu ’s New Orleans office , including one filmmaker who targeted the community group ACORN last year in damaging undercover videos .
Among those arrested was 25 - year - old James O’Keefe , the conservative filmmaker , along with Joseph Basel , Robert Flanagan and Stan Dai , all 24 .
They were charged with entering federal property under false pretenses and attempting to gain access to the Democrat ’s office by posing as telephone repairmen , according to a copy of an FBI affidavit unsealed Tuesday .
Advertisement
The complaint said that O’Keefe was waiting in the office when Flanagan and Basel each entered the premises , wearing light green fluorescent vests , denim paints and blue work shirts , tool belts and hard - hats .
They informed a member of Landrieu ’s staff that they were telephone repairmen and requested access to the main telephone at the reception desk .
At that point , the two men allegedly attempted to manipulate telephones and accessed the telephone closet , saying they needed to work on the entire system .
The men , who said they left their credentials in their vehicles , were arrested by the U.S. Marshals Service soon afterward .
O’Keefe , who had been filming the two men on his cell phone camera , was allegedly involved with planning , coordination , and preparation of the operation , according to an affidavit signed by Steven Rayes , special agent at the FBI .
According to the FBI , the four men could each face up to 10 years and a fine of $ 250,000 if they are convicted .
The case , which is being investigated by special agents of the FBI and deputy marshals with the United States Marshal ’s Service , is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney Jordan Ginsberg .
Michael Madigan , O’Keefe ’s lawyer , told POLITICO Tuesday afternoon that he was still unclear exactly what happened at the senator ’s office .
" I do n't know the facts yet of what exactly happened , but at heart James O'Keefe is a good kid , ” said Madigan , a white - collar criminal defense lawyer who served as counsel to Sen .
Howard Baker during the Watergate investigation and helped run former Tennessee Republican Sen. Fred Thompson ’s investigation of the Clinton administration .
In a statement issued Tuesday night , Landrieu said : “ This is a very unusual situation and somewhat unsettling for me and my staff .
The individuals responsible have been charged with entering federal property under false pretenses for the purposes of committing a felony .
I am as interested as everyone else about their motives and purpose , which I hope will become clear as the investigation moves forward . ”
In a statement , ACORN said O’Keefe ’s arrest is “ further evidence of his disregard for the law in pursuit of his extremist agenda . ”
This was not the first of O’Keefe ’s legal troubles : ACORN is pressing charges him with a six - figure lawsuit in Baltimore for videotaping its employees with a hidden video camera over the summer .
The lawsuit is still ongoing , and the Philadelphia branch of the group alleged in federal court this month that O’Keefe and co-filmmaker Hannah Giles caused emotional distress , harm and injury in their publicizing of the videos .
O’Keefe made waves last year when he unveiled undercover videos of ACORN employees seeming to encourage two people – who were pretending to be sex workers – to circumvent the law , embarrassing the group and forcing many of its supporters to spurn its ties with it .
ACORN has long been a punching bag for conservatives who say that the community - organizing group engages in underhanded activities as it tries to beef up voter registration among the poor , charges that the group roundly dismisses .
O’Keefe ’s original ACORN videos – filmed last year -- appeared on the conservative news website biggovernment.com , which is run by Andrew Breitbart , a prominent conservative .
In a statement , Breitbart denied that he knew anything of the latest incident involving Landrieu .
" We have no knowledge about or connection to any alleged acts and events involving James O'Keefe at Senator Mary Landrieu 's office , ” Breitbart said in a statement .
“ We only just learned about the alleged incident this afternoon .
We have no information other than what has been reported publicly by the press .
Accordingly , we simply are not in a position to make any further comment . "
In one of O’Keefe ’s videos , a woman pretending to be a prostitute informs an ACORN employee that she wants to traffic in a dozen underage women from El Salvador and wants assistance obtaining a loan for a brothel , in an attempt to avoid tax laws and launder money into a congressional campaign .
The video shows an employee from a Baltimore field office giving the advice to the two people , seeming to ignore the fact that they were characterizing themselves as sex workers .
Similar videos also emerged , including another by O’Keefe where he filmed ACORN workers in San Bernardino , Calif .
talking to a woman pretending to be a prostitute how she could avoid police detection .
Conservatives pounced on the videos as evidence that the organization was corrupt , and it prompted an array of efforts in Congress to shut down all federal funding to the community group .
In November , the group sued the federal government , alleging it is unconstitutional for Congress retaliate against a specific group .
Sen . Mike Johanns ( R - Neb . ) , a leader of the effort , could n’t be reached for comment on the incident in Landrieu ’s office , and a lead House critic of ACORN , Rep. Darrell Issa ( R - Calif . ) , declined to comment as well .
Rep . Pete Olson , the Texas GOP congressman who sponsored a resolution last fall to honor O’Keefe and the other filmmaker , said Tuesday night that “ individuals who lawfully expose wrongful activities by an entity like ACORN receiving federal tax dollars should be praised .
“ However , if recent events conclude that any laws were broken in the incident in Senator Landrieu ’s office – that is not something I condone , ” Olson said .
“ Citizens have an important role in helping to expose waste and / or fraud when their tax dollars are being spent , but it must be done in a lawful manner . ”
Democrats who support ACORN say that the group has been the subject of unsubstantiated criticism , and they point to a December study by the Congressional Research Office that suggested that the group has not improperly used its federal funds or engaged in illegal activities at the polls , and it raises the possibility that the filmmakers broke the law by its undercover sting .
The videos prompted an embarrassed ACORN to launch an internal review conducted by former Democratic Massachusetts Attorney General Scott Harshbarger , who recommended a series of improvements but said that there was no pattern of intentionally inappropriate or illegal conduct by the group ’s staff .
Immediately after Tuesday ’s news broke , some conservatives seemed sympathetic to O’Keefe ’s latest troubles .
“ Hang in there buddy , we ’re on your side , ” a fan wrote on O’Keefe ’s Facebook page .
Michael Calderone contributed to this story .
1/3rd of Women in US Military Raped
According to NPR , “ In 2003 , a survey of female veterans found that 30 percent said they were raped in the military .
A 2004 study of veterans who were seeking help for post - traumatic stress disorder found that 71 percent of the women said they were sexually assaulted or raped while serving .
And a 1995 study of female veterans of the Gulf and earlier wars , found that 90 percent had been sexually harassed . ”
The BBC recently reported on The Lonely Soldier : The Private War of Women Serving in Iraq by Helen Benedict .
This book examines the extreme difficulties female soldiers have in serving abroad .
Benedict interviewed several women in the military to get a deeper understanding of the issue , and some of their stories were real eye openers .
Army specialist Chantelle Henneberry spoke of some of her experiences in Iraq , “ Everybody ’s supposed to have a battle buddy in the army , and females are supposed to have one to go to the latrines with , or to the showers – that ’s so you do n’t get raped by one of the men on your own side .
But because I was the only female there , I did n’t have a battle buddy .
My battle buddy was my gun and my knife . ”
Another study concluded that 90 % of all women serving are sexually harassed .
Another one estimates that 90 % of all the rapes do not get reported , despite supposedly easier ways to report the crime with confidentiality since 2005 .
Either way , this appears to be an epidemic that needs to be dealt with .
An online discussion from a former soldier whose identity is being protected had this to say , “ At least a rape ends .
It ’s the day - to - day degradation that eats at you .
None of my friends who were raped on active duty reported it .
Or if we tried , we were told to shut up for ‘ morale . ’
Working with your rapist on a daily basis is n’t a lot of fun , believe me . ”
How the military is dealing with this appears to demonstrate a pattern of sweeping it under the rug .
In 2008 , 62 % of those that were convicted of sexual assault or rape received very lenient punishments such as demotion , suspension , or a written reprimand .
This problem is not confined to the US military either .
This abuse is rampant among private defense contractors overseas as well , as recently highlighted by the recent press about Jamie Leigh Jones .
Ms. Jones was in Iraq in 2005 when seven Halliburton / KBR employees drugged and brutally gang - raped her .
Her injuries were so extensive that she had lacerations to her vagina and anus , her breast implants were ruptured , and her pectoral muscles torn .
The response of KBR was to lock her in a shipping container with only a bed , and to deny her food , water , and medical treatment .
The rape kit that was taken after she regained consciousness was mysteriously lost .
This crime eventually led to an amendment being added to the defense appropriations bill by Sen. Al Franken ( D - MN ) .
This would require defense contractors to allow their employees access to US courts in cases of rape or sexual assault , regardless of where they are stationed .
The 30 Republican senators voted against this amendment are currently being humiliated on the Republicans for Rape website and by John Stewart on the Daily Show .
The culture of sexual violence against women that is allowed to exist in both the US military and private contractors needs to come to an end .
When almost a third of all women serving are raped , and over two thirds sexually assaulted , this problem is rampant and systemic .
Georgia Bulldogs junior safety Reshad Jones said Monday he will enter the next NFL draft .
Jones said he and linebacker Rennie Curran plan to have a teleconference Tuesday to announce their intentions .
Jones said Curran told him he is very likely to announce he will also enter the NFL draft .
" I feel like I 've done everything I can do at Georgia , " Jones said .
" I 'm physically and mentally ready .
I bring passion to the game and also versatility , because I can play both free and strong safety . "
Jones , 6 feet 2 , 212 pounds , said he is projected by most as a second round pick but believes he can work himself into the first round .
Joe Schad is a college football reporter for ESPN.com .
Arsene Wenger would consider re-signing Sol Campbell if Arsenal lost one of their current centre - halves .
Gunners boss feels defender can still play at Premier League level
Loves the club
Arsene Wenger has revealed he would consider re-signing Sol Campbell if Arsenal lost one of their current centre - halves .
Campbell is currently training with his former club after leaving Notts County and is aiming to join a new team in January .
The veteran defender was linked with Manchester United , but Sir Alex Ferguson has ruled out a deal for the former England international .
However , Wenger has not closed the door on the 35 - year - old rejoining the Gunners after insisting he is still capable of playing at Premier League level .
Wenger , though , concedes that a member of his current back - line would have to leave Emirates Stadium before he would consider offering Campbell a deal .
" I do not know yet , I have not really thought about that , " said Wenger regarding a possible deal for Campbell , who made almost 200 appearances during his first spell with Arsenal .
" At the moment , we have four centre - backs and we will always have four .
" If one would go , then I would consider it , but at the moment we are four , so I have no need to sign anybody else . "
Wenger added : " I love Sol Campbell and the fact he came back here and wanted to practice with us shows he loves the club as well .
" You never say never in these kinds of situations .
" Sol can still do a job in the Premier League , especially now he is fit .
He has worked very hard . "
In response to Microsoft 's Computer Online Forensic Evidence Extractor ( COFEE ) , which helps law enforcement officials grab data from password - protected or encrypted sources , two developers have created " Detect and Eliminate Computer Assisted Forensics " ( DECAF ) , a counter intelligence tool designed to thwart the Microsoft forensic toolkit .
DECAF monitors the computer it 's running on for any signs that COFEE is operating on the machine and does everything it can to stop it .
More specifically , the program deletes COFEE 's temporary files , kills its processes , erases all COFEE logs , disables USB drives , and even contaminates or spoofs a variety of MAC addresses to muddy forensic tracks .
It can be told to disable almost every piece of hardware on a machine and delete pre-defined files in the background .
The 181KB DECAF program even has a ' Spill the cofee ' mode in which it simulates COFEE 's presence to give the user an opportunity to test his or her configuration before actually using it .
Source code for DECAF has not been made available , since the authors fear it will be reverse engineered , making it unclear what else the tool might be doing and whether or not it is completely safe to use .
DECAF 's developers say future versions of the program will allow computer owners to remotely lock down their machine via text message and e-mail once they detect that it has fallen into law enforcement hands and even send out notifications to other parties in the case of an emergency .
The plan is to make DECAF 's next release more light - weight , possibly having it run in the form of a Windows service .
COFEE , a suite of 150 bundled off - the - shelf forensic tools that run from a script , was created by Microsoft to help law enforcement officials gather volatile evidence that would otherwise be lost in traditional , offline forensic analysis .
Officers can run the script in the field from a USB stick , before the computer is brought back to the lab , letting them grab data from password - protected or encrypted sources .
The forensics tool works best with Windows XP , but Microsoft is working on a new version of COFEE for next year that fully supports Windows Vista and Windows 7 .
Microsoft first revealed the 15 MB tool back in April 2008 , and in April 2009 , the company announced that it will aid global law enforcement in fighting cybercrime by providing COFEE free of charge to 187 countries , distributing it through Interpol .
Microsoft managed to keep the existence of it quiet until November 2009 , when pirates decided it was time to leak the tool so that people other than just government crime - fighters could use it .
Weeks later , Microsoft started issuing takedown notices to multiple websites that hosted the tool .
It 's unclear whether Microsoft will react to the fact that there 's now software that aims to render COFEE useless .
Update
Apparently , it was all just a stunt .
All copies of DECAF have been disabled .
The official site , DECAFme has more information .
The date of the liberation of the Nazi concentration - camp at Auschwitz , 27 January 1945 , has since 2001 been marked in Britain as a moment for the remembrance of the victims of the Nazi holocaust – and , by gradual extension , of all those subjected to genocidal assault over the last century .
The annual commemoration of “ Holocaust Memorial Day ” , now in its tenth year , has become an established part of the national political calendar : the highlights include educational programmes and exhibitions , and a series of events attended by survivors of genocide , leading politicians and representatives of religious groups – most of them taking place under the auspices of a charitable trust which works throughout the year ( the Holocaust Memorial Day Trust ) .
Britain is the locus of these activities , but what of its own relationship to the histories and practices being commemorated ?
Tony Blair ’s reply to a parliamentary request in June 1999 that invited him to institute such a day is revealing here .
Britain ’s then prime minister said : “ I am determined to ensure that the horrendous crimes against humanity committed during the Holocaust are never forgotten .
The ethnic cleansing and killing that has taken place in Europe in recent weeks are a stark example of the need for vigilance . ”
The reference was to the war of March - June 1999 over the contested post - Yugoslav province of Kosovo , when Blair had been among the Nato leaders most committed to securing the return to Kosovo of approximately one million Kosovo Albanians expelled by Serbian military forces on the authority of Slobodan Milosevic .
Thus , holocaust - memorial day remembers genocide that other nations have committed - whether the Nazi extermination of the Jews or the Serbian expulsion of the Kosovo Albanians - and against which this country stands as a “ vigilant ” and if necessary armed protector of the innocent .
The implication of so placing Britain in relation to acts of genocide is that there is no need for the country to engage in ( for example ) the national self - criticism that produced the commemoration of victims of Nazism in Germany , or which in Australia and the United States has produced official recognition of crimes perpetrated against indigenous people in the course of colonisation ; nor need for academic debate about Britain ’s connections to the history of genocide , which has preoccupied intellectuals and scholars in these and other countries .
True , the institution of holocaust - memorial day did provoke some discussion among scholars of the holocaust .
One of those who opposed it suggested that “ the day will act as a convenient opportunity for the government to present itself as morally upright , thereby occluding its involvement in contemporary ethnic , religious or other forms of discrimination ” ; another , David Cesarani , warned that it would reinforce the British people 's “ rather self - satisfied perception of the Second World War as unambiguously a ‘ good ’ war from which this country emerged triumphant and morally vindicated . ”
Instead , Cesarani argued , the British should recognise that “ ( the ) ambiguity of Britain 's response to Nazi tyranny and racism is lodged in our heritage . ”
The genocidal moment
These criticisms still resound .
For indeed , a wider examination of Britain 's relationship to genocide makes clear that the problem ranges wider than the holocaust , and often far deeper than “ ambiguity ” .
The modern English state itself was formed and secured in part through episodes of genocidal violence against internal enemies ( among them the Normans ' murderous dispersal of the Anglo - Saxon peasantry in Yorkshire in 1069 - 70 , the massacre of Jews at York in 1190 , Oliver Cromwell 's slaughter of Irish civilians in 1649 - 50 ) .
In a more recent historical perspective , the flipside of Britain 's claimed peaceful “ gradualism ” is what Leon Trotsky called “ the history of violent changes which the British governing classes have made in the life of other nations . ”
Britain 's colonisation of the “ new world ” , for example , was punctuated by what the historian Dirk Moses has called “ genocidal moments ” .
The phenomenon of “ settler colonialism ” in north America and Australia generally involved forcibly displacing indigenous peoples , and localised genocidal massacres were quite common .
British authorities in London and the colonies willed settlement knowing that it foretold the often - brutal removal of the indigenous inhabitants , even if they sometimes condemned the specific means that settlers adopted .
The current Australian government headed by Kevin Rudd has apologised to the indigenous peoples , whereas in Britain the dominant attitude is that what happened is a “ local ” problem that has no implications for the settlers ’ country of origin or that country ’s state policy .
The British state was not a direct perpetrator in the high - genocidal period of European history – the first half of the 20th century - but its “ humanitarian ” stance offered but meagre practical support to victims ( Armenians in Ottoman Turkey from 1915 , Jews during the Nazis ' “ final solution ” ) .
At times , however , it encouraged or endorsed genocidal acts ( as during the Greek army ’s rampage through Anatolia in 1919 - 22 and the often brutal expulsion of German populations from Czechoslovakia and Poland in 1945 ) .
Britain ’s aerial bombing of German cities in 1943 - 45 was not directly genocidal , but it invoked comparably destructive means and the principle of “ collective punishment ” ( and , like the United States ’s firebombing of Japan ’s cities , showed how close degenerate war can come to genocide ) .
The British state was also deeply implicated in the mutually destructive violence of the Indian partition of 1947 , in which 12 million people were forced from their homes and at least 250,000 died .
This violence - now widely seen as genocidal - was exacerbated by the British partition - plan , which was devised and implemented with disregard for its likely catastrophic consequences .
In Palestine in 1948 , the British stood by as Zionist forces terrorised the majority of the Arab population into flight in order to create as large as possible a Jewish - majority state .
The United Nations ’s own partition - plan ( notwithstanding its genocide - convention that was to be approved at the end of 1947 ) is a reminder that responsibility for the disaster was international , but Britain - as the contemporary mandate power - had a particular share .
In the era after the cold war , Britain ( like other western states ) proclaimed a new determination to prevent genocide .
Yet the record is distinctly unimpressive : Britain may not bear the shame of facilitating a particular horrific massacre ( as the Dutch do for Srebrenica in 1995 ) , but it has hardly spearheaded effective responses .
The Conservative government of John Major ( 1990 - 97 ) adopted a notably anti-interventionist and even cynical stance towards genocide .
It disregarded Saddam Hussein 's terrorising of the Iraqi Kurds in 1991 until shamed into action ( Major notoriously remarked : “ I do not recall asking the Kurds to mount this particular insurrection ” ) ; it then exerted itself ( including at the United Nations ) to block effective international responses to genocide in Bosnia ( 1992 - 95 ) and Rwanda ( 1994 ) .
The ( “ New ” ) Labour government elected in May 1997 and headed by Tony Blair took a different approach .
Blair and his first - term ( 1997 - 2001 ) foreign secretary Robin Cook were among the foremost advocates of action to halt Serbian persecution of the Kosovo Albanians .
Yet the high - altitude bombing with which the war was prosecuted – the only tactic Nato states could agree on – allowed where it did not provoke Slobodan Milosevic to escalate to the murderous expulsion of almost the whole Albanian population of Kosovo .
Nato ’s intense campaign eventually restored the displaced Kosovars to their homes , but was followed by a failure to prevent the revenge expulsions of Serbs from most of the province .
Britain became in this period the major donor of the Rwandan Patriotic Front ( RPF ) government that had secured its rule after the genocide ; but Labour failed to oppose the RPF's own aggression , amounting in some places to genocidal massacre , in the Democratic Republic of Congo ( DRC ) .
The British government , in invading Iraq in 2003 and failing to administer the country properly afterwards , bears great responsibility for creating the circumstances in murderous attacks were inflicted ( not least by the Sunni - based “ resistance ” against Shi’a and other non-Sunni Iraqis , terrorising them out of areas they controlled ) .
The low - grade genocidal conflict created a situation where around 1.9 million Iraqis ( the UNHCR estimates ) became refugees ; a number exceeded by the 2.6 million internally displaced .
The gravest of all charges against Tony Blair ( and George W Bush ) may be that they have a clear responsibility for this outcome .
The reflective moment
David Cesarani ’s judgment that “ the Holocaust is a part of British history ” must , therefore , be extended .
The wider history of genocide has touched and been touched by British state and society in many different ways .
It can not – with reference once more to Tony Blair ’s statement of June 1999 – be assumed that “ other ” countries are the problem and Britain part of the solution .
The idea of “ bad / guilty ” and “ good / vigilant ” nations - which often lies at the heart of genocidal practice - is not much help in answering genocide .
Rather , it must be recognised that entire nations never stand unequivocally on one side of the historical process : complexity and ambiguity are the norm .
British governments and people have been part of the problem as often as they have been part of the solution .
British citizens have responsibilities that go beyond vigilance ; for example , to investigate the reasons why their state and social institutions have not always been vigilant , and why indeed they have sometimes been complicit in genocide .
The lessons of the historical record are varied , but they leave no reasons for complacency .
Martin Shaw delivered the annual war - studies lecture at King 's College , London on 26 January 2010 .
The lecture – entitled “ Britain and Genocide : Parameters of National Responsibility ” - contains a fuller version of the argument presented here .
Representative Bart Gordon , a 13 - term Tennessee Democrat who is chairman of the House science committee , has never lost any of the 15 counties in his conservative district , let alone been in recent danger of losing his House seat .
He did not expect the outcome to be any different in 2010 , though he acknowledged that members of Congress from both parties are going to have to work a little harder for re-election , given the sour national mood .
“ I was going to be elected , ” Mr. Gordon said .
“ I think that is pretty well understood . ”
But his claim will not be tested .
Mr. Gordon , 60 , is leaving the House at the end of next year to explore other career opportunities , making him the 11th Democrat and the fourth centrist Blue Dog from a competitive swing district to announce that he will step down .
While it is true that a seasoned and popular congressman like Mr. Gordon probably could have been returned to Washington , it is hardly certain that the Democratic candidate to succeed him in a wide - open midterm race will have the same success , particularly in a district that Senator John McCain , Republican of Arizona , easily won in the 2008 presidential election .
Obama ’s Green Bargain
One year ago , Barack Obama came into office promising a " green jobs " revolution .
In a coup for environmentalists , the new U.S. president laid out a vision for weaning the United States off fossil fuels and ushering in a cleaner , more prosperous future .
" We know the country that harnesses the power of clean , renewable energy will lead the 21st century , " he said to a February joint session of Congress .
" We invented solar technology , but we ’ve fallen behind countries like Germany and Japan in producing it .
New plug - in hybrids roll off our assembly lines , but they will run on batteries made in Korea . "
He vowed to combat pollution , announced a massive investment in ecofriendly technologies , and asked Congress to send him a bill to regulate greenhouse gas emissions .
But on Wednesday night , during Obama ’s State of the Union address , environmentalists cringed .
Instead of touting , say , solar panels and wind turbines , Obama spoke about nuclear power , oil , gas , coal , and biofuels — all of which have significant environmental drawbacks .
He barely mentioned renewable energy sources .
The future , he said , in effect , would rely on many of the filthy energy sources of the past .
Some of Obama ’s environmental supporters issued statements praising the mere inclusion of climate and energy in the speech .
But many were openly critical of the few , not - so - new , and not - so - clean types of energy he chose to support .
For instance , Friends of the Earth , a global green advocacy group , called it a " kick in the gut to environmentalists . "
What changed Obama ’s tune so dramatically ?
In short , political reality caught up with him .
A year ago , Obama — and the world — believed Congress would pass a single , strong cap - and - trade bill .
Now , it seems that wo n’t happen .
Thus , on Wednesday , Obama was speaking not to his core base of support for climate legislation , but to the few Republicans and several Democrats to whom he ’ll need to make concessions in what the White House has called the " Grand Bargain . "
In his speech , Obama hinted at what this deal might entail .
Creating new clean energy jobs , he said , " means building a new generation of safe , clean nuclear power plants in this country . "
It also means " making tough decisions about opening new offshore areas for oil and gas development , " and investing in biofuels and " clean coal " technologies .
His statement on a comprehensive energy and climate bill — shorthand for legislation that includes a cap on carbon dioxide emissions — came almost as an afterthought to the energy components .
For the past few months , several centrist Democrats have lobbied against putting forward a bill that caps carbon at all .
These senators , including Mary Landrieu of Louisiana and Ben Nelson of Nebraska , favor instead a bipartisan energy bill ( which Alaska Republican Lisa Murkowski helped write ) that would open more areas to oil and gas drilling , expand investments in nuclear power , and put in place a modest renewable electricity standard , without capping carbon .
These senators ’ protests have only grown louder since Republican Scott Brown won Democrat Ted Kennedy ’s Senate seat .
So far there is only one Republican publicly backing climate and energy efforts : Lindsey Graham of South Carolina .
He is working with powerful senators John Kerry of Massachusetts and Joe Lieberman of Connecticut to draft legislation , though they have yet to disclose any specifics .
But Graham has made it clear that he intends to push for a bill that includes major incentives for nuclear energy , expanded offshore drilling , and advanced coal technologies , which he thinks might bring along more Republicans .
" What does offshore drilling do for you in terms of votes ?
I ’ve got a pretty good idea it helps , " Graham told reporters on Wednesday .
" If we can make the energy piece attractive enough for Republicans , there ’s going to be more than a handful that would agree to emissions controls . "
Graham , an ardent supporter of nuclear energy and offshore drilling , is n’t the only one who sees trading investment in these environmentally unfriendly measures for a vote for capping carbon as the only way forward .
Some of the more mainstream environmental groups , too , seem to be warming to the idea that if they want something done on climate , they ’re going to have to swallow less - than - ideal energy components .
" The Senate has a unique opportunity here for the grand bargain on energy that has eluded it to date , " says Jeremy Symons , senior vice president for conservation and education at the National Wildlife Federation .
By marrying efforts to cap pollution with expanded domestic energy initiatives , " measures that quite frankly the environmental groups wo n’t be as happy with , " they might actually get them passed .
Although , reading Obama ’s addresses to Congress from a year ago and this week , one might think Obama had flip - flopped on energy entirely , the truth is that the White House has had this shift in mind for months .
Last May , for instance , a senior administration official floated the idea of linking cap and trade to " serious " and " short - term " increases in domestic oil production in an interview with the New Yorker .
Plus , the Obama administration has always been decidedly pro-nuclear — a contentious energy solution among environmentalists , given that it produces no carbon emissions , but is costly and resource - intensive and creates radioactive waste .
The Department of Energy has been speeding up and streamlining a loan - guarantee program for nuclear energy over the course of the past year .
And the " Grand Bargain " bill would arguably be better than nothing .
For one , it would call Republicans ’ bluff on energy .
Ever since the first climate legislation in 2003 , every time a cap - and - trade measure was introduced , Republicans would revive a so - called plan that consists mostly of expanding the use of fossil fuels , with a few nods to renewables .
Democrats would counter by saying their bills were also all - inclusive .
Now , the Democrats ’ probable legislation really is that ; the bill that seems likely to emerge in the Senate this year is much more fossil - fuel friendly than past ones .
It ’s not entirely clear , though , whether there are many votes to mine on the Republican side .
" My impression is that right now Mitch McConnell ’s strategy is to oppose everything , " says Dan Lashof , director of the climate center at the Natural Resources Defense Council , of the Senate minority leader .
But Republicans who seem like potential votes for a bill — Maine ’s Olympia Snowe and Susan Collins , and John McCain of Arizona among them — have supported cap - and - trade bills in the past without the major handout to fossil - fuel interests .
The " Grand Bargain " is a major gamble , as it could mean swallowing a lot of bad energy policy in return for few votes , while at the same time alienating the relatively small base of devoted supporters Obama has on this issue .
It certainly will not please the United States ’ international partners , many of whom have already committed to much stronger carbon - capping and clean - energy measures .
But it might be the only way forward .
The meeting last month was a watershed : the leaders of 564 American Indian tribes were invited to Washington to talk with cabinet members and President Obama , who called it “ the largest and most widely attended gathering of tribal leaders in our history . ”
Topping the list of their needs was better health care .
“ Native Americans die of illnesses like tuberculosis , alcoholism , diabetes , pneumonia and influenza at far higher rates , ” Mr. Obama said .
“ We ’re going to have to do more to address disparities in health care delivery . ”
The health care overhaul now being debated in Congress appears poised to bring the most significant improvements to the Indian health system in decades .
After months of negotiations , provisions under consideration could , over time , direct streams of money to the Indian health care system and give Indians more treatment options .
Some proposals , like exempting Indians from penalties for not obtaining insurance , may meet resistance from lawmakers opposed to expanding benefits for Indians , many of whom receive free medical care .
By Allan Little
BBC News , Bhopal
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
In Bhopal no - one uses the term " accident " to describe the calamity that took place here in the early hours of 3 December 1984 .
For " accident " implies blamelessness .
And in Bhopal the hunger for justice among those who suffered seems undiminished .
Those who survived remember the terrible randomness of it .
Eyewitnesses saw a dense cloud of poisonous gas settle on the slum areas that crowded the Union Carbide pesticide plant .
As it passed through the dimly lit streets , the direction of the wind determined who lived and who died .
Within three days , 8,000 were dead .
Thousands more died in the months afterwards .
And 500,000 people were exposed to the gas .
Many still suffer life - long chronic illnesses .
' Ruined life '
The Chingari Rehabilitation Centre is a small charitable organisation - a drop - in day centre for children born with severe disabilities , whose parents were exposed to the gas .
" These are the second generation affected , " says Tarun Thomas , who runs Chingari .
" These children are like this because of the gas , or because their parents drank contaminated water afterwards .
We are determined to collect the statistical data that will prove it . "
Jagdeesh is 22 but looks much younger
The neighbourhood of PJ Nagar was one of the worst affected areas .
Leela Bai's son , Jagdeesh , is usually taken for a 10 - year - old boy .
But he is one of many children born after 1984 whose growth and development have been severely impaired .
In fact , Jagdeesh is 22 .
But he has never developed into adulthood .
" The gas ruined his life , " says his mother .
" Sometimes I wish God had never given Jagdeesh to us .
It would have been better if he had never been born . "
There is some evidence that inhalation of the gas can impede the production of testosterone in boys whose parents have been exposed to it .
Campaigners say the statistical evidence is all around .
But proving the direct causal link is hard .
' Still contaminated ' Campaigner Satinath Sarangi says he has ample evidence that the Union Carbide plant is still , after all these years , leaking toxins into the ground water supply on which many people still depend .
" We are talking about thousands of tons of waste that was dumped here and covered over .
It has never been cleaned up , " he says .
BHOPAL'S DEATH TOLL Initial deaths ( 3 - 6 December ) : more than 3,000 - official toll Unofficial initial toll : 7,000 - 8,000 Total deaths to date : over 15,000 Number affected : Nearly 600,000 Compensation : Union Carbide pays $ 470 m in 1989
Source : Indian Supreme Court , Madhya Pradesh government , Indian Council of Medical Research
Memories of the Bhopal disaster Bhopal site ' not leaking toxins ' " Every time it rains it washes toxins into the ground water .
We have ample evidence going back many years . "
Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh Shivraj Chouhan dismisses the claims .
In an interview with the BBC to mark the 25th anniversary of the disaster , he told me that the communities around the plant had been supplied with clean drinking water .
" It took some time , " he said .
" But ... we can say that we are providing 100 % clean water . "
The Union Carbide plant had also been made safe , he said .
Campaigners angrily dismissed his claims .
" Even with people who settled here long after the gas , " says Satinath Sarangi , " what we find is a very high incidence of diseases : damage to the kidneys , the liver , the brain , the skin .
The incidence of birth defects in these areas is at least 10 times what you would find in similar socio-economic populations . "
In a neighbourhood just north of the Union Carbide plant , we found people drawing groundwater from a pump .
We took a sample and had it tested at a laboratory in the United Kingdom .
The test found that it contained nearly 4,000 micrograms per litre of carbon tetrachloride - nearly 1,000 times the World Health Organisation 's safe limit .
" Carbon tet " , as it is known , is a highly toxic pollutant which is known to cause cancer and liver damage .
In 1989 , Union Carbide reached an out - of - court settlement with the government of India .
The company agreed to pay $ 470 million .
The Indian government had initially demanded nearly 10 times that .
The money built a hospital for those who continued to suffer ill - health .
The survivors of the gas got about $ 1,000 each in compensation .
The agreement represented a full and final settlement of Union Carbide 's civil and criminal liabilities .
' Night of the gas '
" The environmental damage caused by the toxic contamination was never part of that settlement , " says Mr Sarangi .
The night of the gas leak continues to haunt the people of Bhopal " Very little was known about the toxic contamination at the time .
Data started coming out in 1990 and 1991 about the high levels of organochlorines , talids , polynuclear aromatic hydrocarbons and heavy metals . "
Sambhavna , the charity Mr Sarangi runs , wants Dow Chemical , the US company that bought Union Carbide , to pay to clean up the ground .
In a statement the company said : " The groundwater issue at the Bhopal site is best addressed by the state government of Madhya Pradesh , which owns the site and is responsible for clean - up activities .
" Our understanding is that the central and state governments have plans for the site clean - up and we 're hopeful they will follow through with their remediation plans , including addressing concerns about groundwater . "
For Union Carbide the matter is , in a legal sense , closed .
For the people of the affected areas , it is far from closed .
In 25 years , no - one has been successfully prosecuted , either for the original leak , or for the continuing alleged groundwater contamination .
And the shadow of what happened on that toxic night reaches down through the decades , and into the lives of generations who were not even born on what everyone in Bhopal refers to as " the night of the gas " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
deutsch übersetzt hier klicken
“ Is n’t the only hope for the planet that the industrialized civilizations collapse ?
Is n’t it our responsibility to bring that about ? ”
– Maurice Strong , founder of the UN Environment Programme
“ A massive campaign must be launched to de-develop the United States .
De - development means bringing our
economic system into line with the realities of ecology and the world resource situation . ”
– Paul Ehrlich , Professor of Population Studies
“ The only hope for the world is to make sure there is not another United States .
We ca n’t let other countries have the same number of cars , the amount of industrialization , we have in the US .
We have to stop these Third World countries right where they are . ”
– Michael Oppenheimer , Environmental Defense Fund
“ Global Sustainability requires the deliberate quest of poverty , reduced resource consumption and set levels of mortality control . ”
– Professor Maurice King
“ We must make this an insecure and inhospitable place for capitalists and their projects .
We must reclaim the roads and plowed land , halt dam construction , tear down existing dams , free shackled rivers and return to wilderness millions of acres of presently settled land . ”
– David Foreman , co-founder of Earth First !
“ Complex technology of any sort is an assault on human dignity .
It would be little short of disastrous for us to
discover a source of clean , cheap , abundant energy , because of what we might do with it . ”
– Amory Lovins , Rocky Mountain Institute
“ The prospect of cheap fusion energy is the worst thing that could happen to the planet . ”
– Jeremy Rifkin , Greenhouse Crisis Foundation
“ Giving society cheap , abundant energy would be the equivalent of giving an idiot child a machine gun . ”
– Prof Paul Ehrlich , Stanford University
“ Our insatiable drive to rummage deep beneath the surface of the earth is a willful expansion
of our dysfunctional civilization into Nature . ”
– Al Gore , Earth in the Balance
“ The big threat to the planet is people : there are too many , doing too well economically and burning too much oil . ”
– Sir James Lovelock , BBC Interview
“ My three main goals would be to reduce human population to about 100 million worldwide , destroy the industrial infrastructure and see wilderness , with it ’s full complement of species , returning throughout the world . ”
- Dave Foreman , co-founder of Earth First !
“ Current lifestyles and consumption patterns of the affluent middle class – involving high meat intake ,
use of fossil fuels , appliances , air - conditioning , and suburban housing – are not sustainable . ”
– Maurice Strong , Rio Earth Summit
“ All these dangers are caused by human intervention and it is only through changed attitudes and
behaviour that they can be overcome .
The real enemy , then , is humanity itself . ”
– Club of Rome , The First Global Revolution
“ Mankind is the most dangerous , destructive , selfish and unethical animal on the earth . ”
– Michael Fox , vice - president of The Humane Society
“ Humans on the Earth behave in some ways like a pathogenic micro-organism , or like the cells of a tumor . ”
– Sir James Lovelock , Healing Gaia
“ The Earth has cancer and the cancer is Man . ”
– Club of Rome , Mankind at the Turning Point
„ A cancer is an uncontrolled multiplication of cells , the population explosion is an uncontrolled multiplication of people .
We must shift our efforts from the treatment of the symptoms to the cutting out of the cancer .
The operation will demand many apparently brutal and heartless decisions . “
– Prof. Paul Ehrlich , The Population Bomb
„ A reasonable estimate for an industrialized world society at the present North American material standard of living would be 1 billion .
At the more frugal European standard of living , 2 to 3 billion would be possible . “
– United Nations , Global Biodiversity Assessment
“ A total population of 250-300 million people , a 95 % decline from present levels , would be ideal . ”
– Ted Turner , founder of CNN and major UN donor
“ … the resultant ideal sustainable population is hence more than 500 million but less than one billion . ”
– Club of Rome , Goals for Mankind
„ One America burdens the earth much more than twenty Bangladeshes .
This is a terrible thing to say in order to stabilize world population , we must eliminate 350,000 people per day .
It is a horrible thing to say , but it ’s just as bad not to say it . “
– Jacques Cousteau , UNESCO Courier
“ If I were reincarnated I would wish to be returned to earth as a killer virus to lower human population levels . ”
– Prince Philip , Duke of Edinburgh , patron of the World Wildlife Fund
“ I suspect that eradicating small pox was wrong .
It played an important part in balancing ecosystems . ”
– John Davis , editor of Earth First !
Journal
“ The extinction of the human species may not only be inevitable but a good thing . ”
– Christopher Manes , Earth First !
„ Childbearing should be a punishable crime against society , unless the parents hold a government license .
All potential parents should be required to use contraceptive chemicals , the government issuing antidotes to citizens chosen for childbearing . “
– David Brower , first Executive Director of the Sierra Club
“ In searching for a new enemy to unite us , we came up with the idea that pollution , the threat of global warming , water shortages , famine and the like would fit the bill . ”
– Club of Rome , The First Global Revolution
“ We need to get some broad based support , to capture the public ’s imagination …
So we have to offer up scary scenarios , make simplified , dramatic statements and make little mention of any doubts …
Each of us has to decide what the right balance is between being effective and being honest . ”
– Stephen Schneider , Stanford Professor of Climatology , lead author of many IPCC reports
“ Unless we announce disasters no one will listen . ”
– Sir John Houghton , first chairman of IPCC
“ It does n’t matter what is true , it only matters what people believe is true . ”
– Paul Watson , co-founder of Greenpeace
„ We ’ve got to ride this global warming issue .
Even if the theory of global warming is wrong , we will be doing the right thing in terms of economic and environmental policy . “
– Timothy Wirth , President of the UN Foundation
„ No matter if the science of global warming is all phony , climate change provides the greatest opportunity to bring about justice and equality in the world . “
- Christine Stewart , fmr Canadian Minister of the Environment
„ The climate crisis is not a political issue , it is a moral and spiritual challenge to all of humanity .
It is also our greatest opportunity to lift Global Consciousness to a higher level . “
– Al Gore , accepting the Nobel Peace Prize
„ The only way to get our society to truly change is to frighten people with the possibility of a catastrophe . “
– emeritus professor Daniel Botkin
„ We are on the verge of a global transformation .
All we need is the right major crisis . “
– David Rockefeller , Club of Rome executive manager
„ Humanity is sitting on a time bomb .
If the vast majority of the world ’s scientists are right , we have just ten years to avert a major catastrophe that could send out entire planet ’s climate system into a tail - spin of epic destruction involving extreme weather , floods , droughts , epidemics and killer heat waves beyond anything we have ever experienced – a catastrophe of our own making . “
– Al Gore , An Inconvenient Truth
„ By the end of this century , climate change will reduce the human population to a few breeding pairs surviving near the Arctic . “
– Sir James Lovelock , Revenge of Gaia
„ Climate Change will result in a catastrophic , global seal level rise of seven meters .
That ’s bye - bye most of Bangladesh , Netherlands , Florida and would make London the new Atlantis . “
– Greenpeace International
„ Climate change is real .
Not only is it real , it ’s here , and its effects are giving rise to a frighteningly new global phenomenon – the man -made natural disaster . “
– Barack Obama , US Presidential Candidate
„ We are close to a time when all of humankind will envision a global agenda that encompasses a kind of Global Marshall Plan to address the causes of poverty and suffering and environmental destruction all over the earth . “
– Al Gore , Earth in the Balance
„ In Nature organic growth proceeds according to a Master Plan , a Blueprint .
Such a ‚master plan ‘ is missing from the process of growth and development of the world system .
Now is the time to draw up a master plan for sustainable growth and world development based on global allocation of all resources and a new global economic system .
Ten or twenty years from today it will probably be too late . “
– Club of Rome , Mankind at the Turning Point
„ The concept of national sovereignty has been immutable , indeed a sacred principle of international relations .
It is a principle which will yield only slowly and reluctantly to the new imperatives of global environmental cooperation . “
– UN Commission on Global Governance report
„ Democracy is not a panacea .
It can not organize everything and it is unaware of its own limits .
These facts must be faced squarely .
Sacrilegious though this may sound , democracy is no longer well suited for the tasks ahead .
The complexity and the technical nature of many of today ’s problems do not always allow elected representatives to make competent decisions at the right time . “
– Club of Rome , The First Global Revolution
„ In my view , after fifty years of service in the United National system , I perceive the utmost urgency and absolute necessity for proper Earth government .
There is no shadow of a doubt that the present political and economic systems are no longer appropriate and will lead to the end of life evolution on this planet .
We must therefore absolutely and urgently look for new ways . “
– Dr. Robert Muller , UN Assistant Secretary General
„ Nations are in effect ceding portions of their sovereignty to the international community and beginning to create a new system of international environmental governance as a means of solving otherwise unmanageable crises . “
– Lester Brown , WorldWatch Institute
„ A keen and anxious awareness is evolving to suggest that fundamental changes will have to take place in the world order and its power structures , in the distribution of wealth and income . “
– Club of Rome , Mankind at the Turning Point
„ Adopting a central organizing principle means embarking on an all - out effort to use every policy and program , every law and institution , to halt the destruction of the environment . “
– Al Gore , Earth in the Balance
„ Effective execution of Agenda 21 will require a profound reorientation of all human society , unlike anything the world has ever experienced – a major shift in the priorities of both governments and individuals and an unprecedented redeployment of human and financial resources .
This shift will demand that a concern for the environmental consequences of every human action be integrated into individual and collective decision - making at every level . “
– UN Agenda 21
„ The earth is literally our mother , not only because we depend on her for nurture and shelter but even more because the human sepcies has been shaped by her in the womb of evolution .
Our salvation depends upon our ability to create a religion of nature . “
– Rene Dubos , board member Planetary Citizens
The second half of the Film covers EUGENICS , enviromental movement ( 1:20:00 ) ….
deutsche Fassung :
click here for the BIBLIOGRAPHY
BEIJING  Expanding what the Chinese government calls a campaign against pornography , cellular companies in Beijing and Shanghai have been told to suspend text services to cellphone users who are found to have sent messages with “ illegal or unhealthy content , ” state - run media reported on Tuesday .
China Mobile , one of the nation ’s largest cellular providers , reported that text messages would automatically be scanned for “ key words ” provided by the police , according to the English - language China Daily newspaper .
Messages will be deemed “ unhealthy ” if they violate undisclosed criteria established by the central government , the newspaper said .
The increased surveillance of text messages is the latest in a series of government initiatives to tighten control of the Internet and other forms of communication .
Since November , the government has closed hundreds of Web sites in the name of rooting out pornography and piracy .
Kan Kaili , a professor of telecommunications at Beijing University , called the routine surveillance of cellphone messages a violation of privacy rights and the Chinese Constitution .
The Pompatus of Love , Maurice Strong
Maurice Strong is n't often in the news , but he 's frequently behind it .
So his stepping down as special UN envoy to Korea while his ties to a businessman implicated in the oil - for - food scandal are investigated provides a good opportunity for us to wonder just who this character is .
The broad strokes : The Canadian Strong is an oxymoronic billionaire socialist who serves as Special Advisor to the Secretary - General of the United Nations and as Senior Advisor to the President of the World Bank .
He is also , among many other things , Chairman of Strovest Holdings , Chairman and Director of Technology Development Corp , Director of the Foundation Board of the World Economic Forum [ " Davos " ] and Chairman of the Earth Council .
Strong 's former appointments include Secretary General of the World Bank and Director of the Rockefeller Foundation .
He is a leading Bilderberger , and member of the Trilateral Commission , the Council on Foreign Relations and Club of Rome .
Strong was n't born to privilege , but was cultivated by David Rockefeller whom he met at 18 , when he took a job as assistant pass officer in the Security Section of the United Nations .
A year later Strong was an investment analyst , and at 25 he became vice - president of Dome Petroleum .
What else is Maurice Strong ?
An environmentalist and patron of New Age beliefs and religious syncretism .
He and his wife have been developing tens of thousands of acres in Colorado as a model " international spiritual community , " called the Baca , of which the Manitou Institute forms a part .
In other words , Strong is the stuff of nightmares for revanchist conspiracy theorists who hear the whirr of the UN's black helicopters : a gilded Rockefeller socialist linked to the Lucis Trust ; a proponent of one world religion and government .
For instance :
In 1978 , a mystic informed Hanne and Maurice Strong that " the Baca would become the center for a new planetary order which would evolve from the economic collapse and environmental catastrophes that would sweep the globe in the years to come . "
The Strongs say they see the Baca , which they call ' The Valley Of the Refuge Of World Truths , ' " as the paradigm for the entire planet and say that the fate of the earth is at stake .
Shirley MacLaine agrees - her astrologer told her to move to the Baca , and she did .
She is building a New Age study center at the Baca where people can take short week - long courses on the occult !
Apparently , the Kissingers , the Rockefellers , the McNamaras , the Rothschild's , and other Establishment New World Order elitists all agree as well , for they do their pilgrimage to the Baca - where politics and the occult - the New World Order and the New Age - all merge .
Watch Maurice Strong and watch the Baca !
I have to say , this is a curious place for me to be .
Because much of what Strong espouses , I could say I support .
I'm a socialist , I 'm an environmentalist , I 'm ecumenical in spirit .
But I think to get at the heart of the mystery of our age , we need to take off our left or right blinders , and quit gaming our parapolitics to match our politics .
As Jacques Vallee has written , most UFO researchers omit the most compelling evidence because it does n't match their presumption of extraterrestrial origin .
Similarly , I think watching Strong has merit , regardless of who else is watching him .
And perhaps it 's worth noting here that Strong 's Baca Grande is reputedly an active site for observing both UFOs and spirtitual manifestations .
For instance , from 1996 : A fourth witness in the Baca looked up and saw an " egg - shaped " sphere that instantly shot over the mountains .
The witness had the distinct impression that the object reacted to her " seeing it . "
One has to wonder if folks are simply witnessing real extra-mundane phenomena , or indulging their wishful thinking .
I can't help but think they are seeing something unusual .
There were no known reports to the sheriff 's office of these possible early fall overflights of the valley .
It 's very tempting to jump to conclusions concerning these " orange lights " hanging over the San Luis Valley .
They are so common , I 'd bet we miss a lot of them .
They blend into the sky so effortlessly .
Baca Grande also appears a magnet for military attention Multiple witnesses observed an extremely low - flying gunmetal colored 4 - engine jet power cargo plane .
One witness called it " C - 17 " which he thought was a new NATO plane that is " replacing the C - 4 . "
The plane arrived at tree - top level from the north , made a dangerous low left - hand turn , just above the treetops on N.Crestone Creek .
Plane " seemed unusually quiet fro a jet , " and was between 100 and 200 feet in altitude .
Strong has said that " we may get to the point where the only way of saving the world will be for industrial civilization to collapse . "
Again , largely , I agree .
One teeny distinction between us : Strong is one of those in a position to effect its collapse .
Here 's Strong , thinking dangerous thoughts aloud at the conclusion of an interview with WEST magazine in May , 1990 entitled " The Wizard of the Baca Grande " : Each year the World Economic Forum convenes in Davos , Switzerland .
Over a thousand CEOs , prime ministers , finance ministers , and leading academics gather in February to attend meetings and set the economic agendas for the year ahead .
What if a small group of these word leaders were to conclude that the principle risk to the earth comes from the actions of the rich countries ?
And if the world is to survive , those rich countries would have to sign an agreement reducing their impact on the environment .
Will they do it ?
Will the rich countries agree to reduce their impact on the environment ?
Will they agree to save the earth ?
The group 's conclusion is " no . "
The rich countries wo n't do it .
They wo n't change .
This group of world leaders form a secret society to bring about a world collapse .
It 's February .
They 're all at Davos ..
They have positioned themselves in the world 's commodity and stock markets .
They 've engineered , using their access to stock exchanges , and computers , and gold supplies , a panic .
Then they prevent the markets from closing .
They jam the gears .
They have mercenaries who hold the rest of the world leaders at Davros as hostage .
The markets can't close .
The rich countries ...?
The journalist adds , " and Strong makes a slight motion with his fingers as if he were flicking a cigarette butt out of the window .
I sat there spellbound ....
He is , in fact , co-chairman of the Council of the World Economic Forum .
He sits at the fulcrum of power .
He is in a position to do it .
" Many who have come to read between the lines of the official fable of 9/11 stop reading once they read of PNAC and The Grand Chessboard .
I used to as well .
But I 've been persuaded that the deep truths of 9/11 run deeper , just as the planning and facilitation of the attacks are older than Dick Cheney 's regency .
And Strong 's words strike me as making as compelling a case for self - indictment as PNAC's " new Pearl Harbor .
" Certainly the neoconservatives are important players in the drama .
( Lest we forget , Strong will now be advising Paul Wolfowitz in the latter 's new role as President of the World Bank ) .
But the neocons may themselves have been played , and too blinded by their imperial overreach to know they 've become useful idiots of another agenda which will mean America 's ruin .
An agenda which intends to reboot the world .
I 've said it before , but there 's something about Luciferians that bears repeating : they think they 're the good guys .
Getting rich is a feat best accomplished here today by tapping into the inventory spawned by the unfortunate end to other people ’s richness .
This is the sort of opportunistic thinking that prompted Mr. Joseph  our tour guide on today ’s foreclosure safari  to buy a bus on Craigslist .
After he bought the vehicle , which had previously been used to ferry parishioners to a Baptist church , he had it painted green , then added his new tour - company logo in red .
( Another employer of the “ ‘ R’ Us ” designation , Toys ‘ R’ Us , threatened legal action to force him to find another name , Mr. Joseph tells riders on his bus .
He says he has agreed to change the name in the next few months . )
Tanned and sinewy with sunglasses nesting in his hair , Mr. Joseph looks and sounds like the comedian Ray Romano , minus the agita .
He deals primarily in houses owned by Fannie Mae , the government - backed mortgage financier .
He cleans and sometimes renovates them before putting them on the market , clearing away The Mess in the service of selling an updated version of The Story .
On a recent tour , eight potential buyers occupied the upholstered bench seats of his bus .
Norm Tardie , a semiretiree down from Vermont , is hunting for bargain investments .
A retired heating and air - conditioning contractor from Massachusetts in a yellow Hawaiian shirt is looking for a possible vacation place .
Mr. Joseph indulges the classic shtick of the Florida sales pitch .
“ Where we from ? ” he asks one couple , who conveniently hail from Illinois .
“ How cold is it in Illinois today ? ” he asks .
Impressively cold .
“ So we appreciate where we ’re at today , ” he says .
“ That ’s the way we want you to feel when you walk into a house . ”
These prices cannot last !
This is Mr. Joseph ’s essential message , one he expresses in a multitude of ways .
“ You cannot purchase the bricks and mortar , and build a house for what they ’re selling for . ”
An experienced PR practitioner , Freud knew full well the likely impact of his comments .
It was no Freudian slip .
The comments sparked a fresh round of dynastic speculation - was this a public execution of another non-Murdoch pretender to the throne ?
Is there fresh division over succession in the powerful family ?
More pointedly , did the comments have the family 's blessing .
But it was n't Rupert Murdoch 's only in - law moment of late , coming just days after Alasdair MacLeod , the husband of his eldest daughter , Prudence , suddenly left Murdoch 's Australian operations , reigniting questions about son Lachlan Murdoch 's ambitions in Australia .
SON -IN - LAW ONE
Blood has long been viewed as thicker than water in the Murdoch empire .
Every year , News Corp 's annual report discloses payments made to '' related parties ' ' , providing a glimpse of what Rupert 's wife , sons , daughters and in - laws , earned from the family business .
And Matthew Freud 's PR firm features prominently , earning $ US1.5 million over the past three years .
Michael Wolff , the author of The Man Who Owns the News , a Murdoch biography , spent countless hours interviewing the Murdochs .
Freud , he says , is no troublesome in - law but a " pivotal figure in this family dynamic " .
'' My view of Matthew is that it 's not a son - in - law problem , in fact , he is acting as their instrument , '' Wolff told the Herald .
'' Matthew is clearly doing the work of Elisabeth , his wife , and James , his brother - in - law , and I would strongly suspect he is also in touch with Lachlan .
They have acted in concert here .
I would almost guarantee that Rupert himself was aware of Matthew 's comment before it was made .
It was authored by committee , so to speak . "
News Corp issued a statement saying : '' Matthew Freud 's opinions are his own and in no way reflect the views of Rupert Murdoch , who is proud of Roger Ailes and Fox News . ''
For his part , Ailes delighted in pointing out that Freud , the great - grandson of Sigmund , himself '' needs to see a psychiatrist ' ' .
Freud 's comments ran in a story on the rise of Ailes and Fox and its influence within the News empire .
They also came the same week Fox appointed the failed Republican presidential candidate Sarah Palin as a political commentator .
A former media consultant to presidents Nixon and George Bush snr , Ailes is credited with turning Fox into a highly opinionated , conservative and spectacularly profitable network news channel .
In fact the New York Times piece pointed out that Ailes 's ' ' outsized success ' ' has placed him ''at the pinnacle of power in three corridors of American life : business , media and politics . ''
But here 's the rub : this man is not a Murdoch .
In fact , Lachlan Murdoch quit the family empire five years ago after a run-in with Ailes when Rupert backed the Fox boss over his son .
A spokesman for Lachlan Murdoch declined to comment .
Those close to the News camp in Australia say there is little doubt Freud 's view reflects that of his wife .
Michael Wolff goes further .
'' I think the motive is that the family is very unhappy with Roger Ailes .
I think they 're unhappy with him for many reasons , '' Wolff says .
'' I think they all feel it [ Fox News ] makes them look bad .
I think the children are politically at odds with Roger Ailes .
'' I think Rupert himself feels that Ailes is a monumental pain in the ass .
He 's said as much to me .
'' He is unpopular among the controlling shareholders of this company and they slapped him down . ''
Nevertheless , it 's an easy fight to pick , criticising Ailes while the family enjoys the spectacular Fox profits , estimated at $ US700 million .
'' It 's somewhat hypocritical , I suppose , because they still get the benefits of Roger 's success , but I 'm not sure how long that 's going to last , '' Wolff says .
'' I think they want him out of there .
It takes about a year to fire somebody at News Corp so I think a year from now it 's quite likely that Roger will no longer be there . ''
News Corp 's chief operating officer , Chase Carey , dismisses the idea .
'' News Corp is 100 per cent behind Roger Ailes ' ' , he told the Los Angeles Times .
'' We hope and expect he will continue to lead Fox News well into the future . ''
SON -IN - LAW TWO
Alasdair MacLeod 's sudden exit from News Ltd in Australia has proved no less intriguing .
MacLeod was shuffled out of Nationwide News in a move that hived off The Australian as a separate division to be headed by experts from News 's digital operations .
The move to position The Australian as News Ltd's dominant digital brand is the most aggressive push to date in an environment where competitors including Fairfax Media , publisher of the Herald , are closely watching global trends on how to profit as readers shift from newspapers to online .
Fresh competition emerged this week to Sky News Network , which News Corp part owns , with the announcement by the ABC 's ambitious chief executive , Mark Scott , that the corporation would set up a 24 - hour news channel .
In the push for continued relevance , family has unusually had to make way .
MacLeod , married to Prudence , the only child from Murdoch 's first marriage , to Patricia Booker , left News Ltd to pursue other opportunities - potentially still within News Corp .
His departure may have longer - term relevance , particularly for Lachlan Murdoch .
When he retreated to Australia , Lachlan established a private vehicle , Illyria , that has had mixed success investing in the media .
Plans for a joint venture with James Packer to buy Consolidated Media Holdings collapsed in the days before the global credit crisis .
Even Rupert mused that Lachlan had been '' lucky ' ' .
Kerry Stokes has since taken the box seat with a large stake at CMH .
Lachlan bought a stake in the regional broadcaster Prime Media .
But there 's no need to panic .
Wolff says : '' There is this other problem which was openly talked about in the family when I was writing the book , which is that everyone expects Lachlan to buy the Australian operations - take over the Australian operations and ultimately buy it . '
Loading '' And that would have been problematic for Alasdair .
So I think that part of this dynamic has been what to do with Alasdair . ''
But it 's not straightforward .
'' How it 's discussed in the family is that it probably wo n't happen until Rupert departs this veil of tears .
Rupert does n't want to sell the newspapers because he 's incapable of selling a newspaper even to his own son .
And his son does n't want to work for him .
So you know within the family the view is that Lachlan buys the Australian newspapers after Rupert dies .
Of course Rupert may not die until Lachlan 's an old man and newspapers have ceased to exist .
That could be a bit of a complication to this plan . ''
Suppose we have a large number of scalar random variables , which each have bounded size on average ( e.g. their mean and variance could be ) .
What can one then say about their sum ?
If each individual summand varies in an interval of size , then their sum of course varies in an interval of size .
However , a remarkable phenomenon , known as concentration of measure , asserts that assuming a sufficient amount of independence between the component variables , this sum sharply concentrates in a much narrower range , typically in an interval of size .
This phenomenon is quantified by a variety of large deviation inequalities that give upper bounds ( often exponential in nature ) on the probability that such a combined random variable deviates significantly from its mean .
The same phenomenon applies not only to linear expressions such as , but more generally to nonlinear combinations of such variables , provided that the nonlinear function is sufficiently regular ( in particular , if it is Lipschitz , either separately in each variable , or jointly in all variables ) .
The basic intuition here is that it is difficult for a large number of independent variables to “ work together ” to simultaneously pull a sum or a more general combination too far away from its mean .
Independence here is the key ; concentration of measure results typically fail if the are too highly correlated with each other .
There are many applications of the concentration of measure phenomenon , but we will focus on a specific application which is useful in the random matrix theory topics we will be studying , namely on controlling the behaviour of random - dimensional vectors with independent components , and in particular on the distance between such random vectors and a given subspace .
Once one has a sufficient amount of independence , the concentration of measure tends to be sub - gaussian in nature ; thus the probability that one is at least standard deviations from the mean tends to drop off like for some .
In particular , one is standard deviations from the mean with high probability , and standard deviations from the mean with overwhelming probability .
Indeed , concentration of measure is our primary tool for ensuring that various events hold with overwhelming probability ( other moment methods can give high probability , but have difficulty ensuring overwhelming probability ) .
This is only a brief introduction to the concentration of measure phenomenon .
A systematic study of this topic can be found in this book by Ledoux .
— 1 . Linear combinations , and the moment method —
We begin with the simple setting of studying a sum of random variables .
As we shall see , these linear sums are particularly amenable to the moment method , though to use the more powerful moments , we will require more powerful independence assumptions ( and , naturally , we will need more moments to be finite or bounded ) .
As such , we will take the opportunity to use this topic ( large deviation inequalities for sums of random variables ) to give a tour of the moment method , which we will return to when we consider the analogous questions for the bulk spectral distribution of random matrices .
In this section we shall concern ourselves primarily with bounded random variables ; in the next section we describe the basic truncation method that can allow us to extend from the bounded case to the unbounded case ( assuming suitable decay hypotheses ) .
The zeroth moment method gives a crude upper bound when is non-zero ,
but in most cases this bound is worse than the trivial bound .
This bound , however , will be useful when performing the truncation trick , which we will discuss below .
The first moment method is somewhat better , giving the bound
which when combined with Markov ’s inequality gives the rather weak large deviation inequality
As weak as this bound is , this bound is sometimes sharp .
For instance , if the are all equal to a single signed Bernoulli variable , then , and so , and so ( 2 ) is sharp when .
The problem here is a complete lack of independence ; the are all simultaneously positive or simultaneously negative , causing huge fluctuations in the value of .
Informally , one can view ( 2 ) as the assertion that typically has size .
The first moment method also shows that
and so we can normalise out the means using the identity
Replacing the by ( and by ) we may thus assume for simplicity that all the have mean zero .
Now we consider what the second moment method gives us .
We square and take expectations to obtain
If we assume that the are pairwise independent ( in addition to having mean zero ) , then vanishes unless , in which case this expectation is equal to .
We thus have
which when combined with Chebyshev ’s inequality ( and the mean zero normalisation ) yields the large deviation inequality
Without the normalisation that the have mean zero , we obtain
Informally , this is the assertion that typically has size , if we have pairwise independence .
Note also that we do not need the full strength of the pairwise independence assumption ; the slightly weaker hypothesis of being pairwise uncorrelated would have sufficed .
The inequality ( 5 ) is sharp in two ways .
Firstly , we cannot expect any significant concentration in any range narrower than the standard deviation , as this would likely contradict ( 3 ) .
Secondly , the quadratic - type decay in in ( 5 ) is sharp given the pairwise independence hypothesis .
For instance , suppose that , and that , where is drawn uniformly at random from the cube , and are an enumeration of the non-zero elements of .
Then a little Fourier analysis shows that each for has mean zero , variance , and are pairwise independent in ; but is equal to , which is equal to with probability ; this is despite the standard deviation of being just .
This shows that ( 5 ) is essentially ( i.e. up to constants ) sharp here when .
Now we turn to higher moments .
Let us assume that the are normalised to have mean zero and variance at most , and are also almost surely bounded in magnitude by some : .
( The interesting regime here is when , otherwise the variance is in fact strictly smaller than . )
To simplify the exposition very slightly we will assume that the are real - valued ; the complex - valued case is very analogous ( and can also be deduced from the real - valued case ) and is left to the reader .
Let us also assume that the are - wise independent for some even positive integer .
With this assumption , we can now estimate the moment
To compute the expectation of the product , we can use the - wise independence , but we need to divide into cases ( analogous to the and cases in the second moment calculation above ) depending on how various indices are repeated .
If one of the only appear once , then the entire expectation is zero ( since has mean zero ) , so we may assume that each of the appear at least twice .
In particular , there are at most distinct which appear .
If exactly such terms appear , then from the unit variance assumption we see that the expectation has magnitude at most ; more generally , if terms appear , then from the unit variance assumption and the upper bound by we see that the expectation has magnitude at most .
This leads to the upper bound
where is the number of ways one can assign integers in such that each appears at least twice , and such that exactly integers appear .
We are now faced with the purely combinatorial problem of estimating .
We will use a somewhat crude bound .
There are ways to choose integers from .
Each of the integers has to come from one of these integers , leading to the crude bound
which after using a crude form of Stirling ’s formula gives
and so
If we make the mild assumption
then from the geometric series formula we conclude that
( say ) , which leads to the large deviation inequality
This should be compared with ( 2 ) , ( 5 ) .
As increases , the rate of decay in the parameter improves , but to compensate for this , the range that concentrates in grows slowly , to rather than .
Remark 1
Note how it was important here that was even .
Odd moments , such as , can be estimated , but due to the lack of the absolute value sign , these moments do not give much usable control on the distribution of the .
One could be more careful in the combinatorial counting than was done here , but the net effect of such care is only to improve the unspecified constant ( which can easily be made explicit , but we will not do so here ) .
Now suppose that the are not just - wise independent for any fixed , but are in fact jointly independent .
Then we can apply ( 7 ) for any obeying ( 6 ) .
We can optimise in by setting to be a small multiple of , and conclude the gaussian - type bound
for some absolute constants , provided that for some small .
( Note that the bound ( 8 ) is trivial for , so we may assume that is small compared to this quantity . )
Thus we see that while control of each individual moment only gives polynomial decay in , by using all the moments simultaneously one can obtain square - exponential decay ( i.e. subgaussian type decay ) .
By using Stirling ’s formula ( Exercise 2 from Notes 0a ) one can show that the quadratic decay in ( 8 ) cannot be improved ; see Exercise 2 below .
It was a little complicated to manage such large moments .
A slicker way to proceed ( but one which exploits the joint independence and commutativity more strongly ) is to work instead with the exponential moments , which can be viewed as a sort of generating function for the power moments .
A useful lemma in this regard is
Lemma 1 ( Hoeffding ’s lemma )
Let be a scalar variable taking values in an interval .
Then for any , In particular
Proof :
It suffices to prove the first inequality , as the second then follows using the bound and from various elementary estimates .
By subtracting the mean from we may normalise .
By dividing ( and multiplying to balance ) we may assume that , which implies that .
We then have the Taylor expansion
which on taking expectations gives
and the claim follows .
Exercise 1
Show that the factor in ( 10 ) can be replaced with , and that this is sharp .
( Hint : use Jensen ’s inequality . )
We now have the fundamental Chernoff bound :
Theorem 2 ( Chernoff inequality )
Let be independent scalar random variables with almost surely , with mean and variance .
Then for any , one has for some absolute constants , where and .
Proof :
By taking real and imaginary parts we may assume that the are real .
By subtracting off the mean ( and adjusting appropriately ) we may assume that ( and so ) ; dividing the ( and ) through by we may assume that .
By symmetry it then suffices to establish the upper tail estimate
( with slightly different constants ) .
To do this , we shall first compute the exponential moments
where is a real parameter to be optimised later .
Expanding out the exponential and using the independence hypothesis , we conclude that
To compute , we use the hypothesis that and ( 9 ) to obtain
Thus we have
and thus by Markov ’s inequality
If we optimise this in , subject to the constraint , we obtain the claim .
Informally , the Chernoff inequality asserts that is sharply concentrated in the range .
The bounds here are fairly sharp , at least when is not too large :
Exercise 2
Let be fixed independently of , and let be iid copies of a Bernoulli random variable that equals with probability , thus and , and so and .
Using Stirling ’s formula ( Notes 0a ) , show that for some absolute constants and all .
What happens when is much larger than ?
Exercise 3
Show that the term in ( 11 ) can be replaced with ( which is superior when ) .
( Hint : Allow to exceed . )
Compare this with the results of Exercise 2 .
Exercise 4 ( Hoeffding ’s inequality )
Let be independent real variables , with taking values in an interval , and let .
Show that one has for some absolute constants , where .
Remark 2
As we can see , the exponential moment method is very slick compared to the power moment method .
Unfortunately , due to its reliance on the identity , this method relies very strongly on commutativity of the underlying variables , and as such will not be as useful when dealing with noncommutative random variables , and in particular with random matrices .
Nevertheless , we will still be able to apply the Chernoff bound to good effect to various components of random matrices , such as rows or columns of such matrices .
The full assumption of joint independence is not completely necessary for Chernoff - type bounds to be present .
It suffices to have a martingale difference sequence , in which each can depend on the preceding variables , but which always has mean zero even when the preceding variables are conditioned out .
More precisely , we have Azuma ’s inequality :
Theorem 3 ( Azuma ’s inequality )
Let be a sequence of scalar random variables with almost surely .
Assume also that we have the martingale difference property almost surely for all ( here we assume the existence of a suitable disintegration in order to define the conditional expectation , though in fact it is possible to state and prove Azuma ’s inequality without this disintegration ) .
Then for any , the sum obeys the large deviation inequality for some absolute constants .
A typical example of here is a dependent random walk , in which the magnitude and probabilities of the step are allowed to depend on the outcome of the preceding steps , but where the mean of each step is always fixed to be zero .
Proof : Again , we can reduce to the case when the are real , and it suffices to establish the upper tail estimate
Note that almost surely , so we may assume without loss of generality that .
Once again , we consider the exponential moment for some parameter .
We write , so that
We do not have independence between and , so cannot split the expectation as in the proof of Chernoff ’s inequality .
Nevertheless we can use conditional expectation as a substitute .
We can rewrite the above expression as
The quantity is deterministic once we condition on , and so we can pull it out of the conditional expectation :
Applying ( 10 ) to the conditional expectation , we have
and
Iterating this argument gives
and thus by Markov ’s inequality
Optimising in gives the claim .
Exercise 5
Suppose we replace the hypothesis in Azuma ’s inequality with the more general hypothesis for some scalars .
Show that we still have ( 13 ) , but with replaced by .
Remark 3
The exponential moment method is also used frequently in harmonic analysis to deal with lacunary exponential sums , or sums involving Radamacher functions ( which are the analogue of lacunary exponential sums for characteristic ) .
Examples here include Khintchine ’s inequality ( and the closely related Kahane ’s inequality ) .
The exponential moment method also combines very well with log-Sobolev inequalities , as we shall see below ( basically because the logarithm inverts the exponential ) , as well as with the closely related hypercontractivity inequalities .
— 2 . The truncation method —
To summarise the discussion so far , we have identified a number of large deviation inequalities to control a sum :
The zeroth moment method bound ( 1 ) , which requires no moment assumptions on the but is only useful when is usually zero , and has no decay in .
but is only useful when is usually zero , and has no decay in .
The first moment method bound ( 2 ) , which only requires absolute integrability on the , but has only a linear decay in .
, but has only a linear decay in .
The second moment method bound ( 5 ) , which requires second moment and pairwise independence bounds on , and gives a quadratic decay in .
, and gives a quadratic decay in .
Higher moment bounds ( 7 ) , which require boundedness and - wise independence , and give a power decay in ( or quadratic - exponential decay , after optimising in ) .
- wise independence , and give a power decay in ( or quadratic - exponential decay , after optimising in ) .
Exponential moment bounds such as ( 11 ) or ( 13 ) , which require boundedness and joint independence ( or martingale behaviour ) , and give quadratic - exponential decay in .
We thus see that the bounds with the strongest decay in require strong boundedness and independence hypotheses .
However , one can often partially extend these strong results from the case of bounded random variables to that of unbounded random variables ( provided one still has sufficient control on the decay of these variables ) by a simple but fundamental trick , known as the truncation method .
The basic idea here is to take each random variable and split it as , where is a truncation parameter to be optimised later ( possibly in manner depending on ) ,
is the restriction of to the event that ( thus vanishes when is too large ) , and
is the complementary event .
One can similarly split where
and
The idea is then to estimate the tail of and by two different means .
With , the point is that the variables have been made bounded by fiat , and so the more powerful large deviation inequalities can now be put into play .
With , in contrast , the underlying variables are certainly not bounded , but they tend to have small zeroth and first moments , and so the bounds based on those moment methods tend to be powerful here .
( Readers who are familiar with harmonic analysis may recognise this type of divide and conquer argument as an interpolation argument . )
Let us begin with a simple application of this method .
Theorem 4 ( Weak law of large numbers )
Let be iid scalar random variables with for all , where is absolutely integrable .
Then converges in probability to .
Proof :
By subtracting from we may assume without loss of generality that has mean zero .
Our task is then to show that for all fixed .
If has finite variance , then the claim follows from ( 5 ) .
If has infinite variance , we cannot apply ( 5 ) directly , but we may perform the truncation method as follows .
Let be a large parameter to be chosen later , and split , ( and ) as discussed above .
The variable is bounded and thus has bounded variance ; also , from the dominated convergence theorem we see that ( say ) if is large enough .
From ( 5 ) we conclude that
( where the rate of decay here depends on and ) .
Meanwhile , to deal with the tail we use ( 2 ) to conclude that
But by the dominated convergence theorem ( or monotone convergence theorem ) , we may make as small as we please ( say , smaller than ) by taking large enough .
Summing , we conclude that
since is arbitrary , we obtain the claim .
A more sophisticated variant of this argument ( which I gave in this earlier blog post , which also has some further discussion and details ) gives
Theorem 5 ( Strong law of large numbers )
Let be iid scalar random variables with for all , where is absolutely integrable .
Then converges almost surely to .
Proof :
We may assume without loss of generality that is real , since the complex case then follows by splitting into real and imaginary parts .
By splitting into positive and negative parts , we may furthermore assume that is non-negative .
( Of course , by doing so , we can no longer normalise to have mean zero , but for us the non-negativity will be more convenient than the zero mean property . )
In particular , is now non-decreasing in .
Next , we apply a sparsification trick .
Let .
Suppose that we knew that , almost surely , converged to for of the form for some integer .
Then , for all other values of , we see that asymptotically , can only fluctuate by a multiplicative factor of , thanks to the monotone nature of .
Because of this and countable additivity , we see that it suffices to show that converges to .
Actually , it will be enough to show that almost surely , one has for all but finitely many .
Fix .
As before , we split and , but with the twist that we now allow to depend on .
Then for large enough we have ( say ) , by dominated convergence .
Applying ( 5 ) as before , we see that
for some depending only on ( the exact value is not important here ) .
To handle the tail , we will not use the first moment bound ( 2 ) as done previously , but now turn to the zeroth - moment bound ( 1 ) to obtain
summing , we conclude
Applying the Borel - Cantelli lemma ( Exercise 1 from Notes 0 ) , we see that we will be done as long as we can choose such that
and
are both finite .
But this can be accomplished by setting and interchanging the sum and expectations ( writing as ) and using the lacunary nature of the .
To give another illustration of the truncation method , we extend a version of the Chernoff bound to the subgaussian case .
Proposition 6
Let be iid copies of a subgaussian random variable , thus obeys a bound of the form for all and some .
Let .
Then for any sufficiently large ( independent of ) we have for some constants depending on .
Furthermore , grows linearly in as .
Proof :
By subtracting the mean from we may normalise .
We perform a dyadic decomposition
where and .
We similarly split
where .
Then by the union bound and the pigeonhole principle we have
( say ) .
Each is clearly bounded in magnitude by ; from the subgaussian hypothesis one can also verify that the mean and variance of are at most for some .
If is large enough , an application of the Chernoff bound ( 11 ) ( or more precisely , the refinement in Exercise 3 ) then gives ( after some computation )
( say ) for some , and the claim follows .
Exercise 6
Show that the hypothesis that is sufficiently large can be replaced by the hypothesis that is independent of .
Hint :
There are several approaches available .
One can adapt the above proof ; one can modify the proof of the Chernoff inequality directly ; or one can figure out a way to deduce the small case from the large case .
Exercise 7
Show that the subgaussian hypothesis can be generalised to a sub-exponential tail hypothesis provided that .
Show that the result also extends to the case , except with the exponent replaced by for some .
( I do not know if the loss can be removed , but it is easy to see that one cannot hope to do much better than this , just by considering the probability that ( say ) is already as large as . )
— 3 . Lipschitz combinations —
In the preceding discussion , we had only considered the linear combination of independent variables .
Now we consider more general combinations , where we write for short .
Of course , to get any non-trivial results we must make some regularity hypotheses on .
It turns out that a particularly useful class of regularity hypothesis here is a Lipschitz hypothesis – that small variations in lead to small variations in .
A simple example of this is McDiarmid ’s inequality :
Theorem 7 ( McDiarmid ’s inequality )
Let be independent random variables taking values in ranges , and let be a function with the property that if one freezes all but the coordinate of for some , then only fluctuates by most , thus for all , for .
Then for any , one has for some absolute constants , where .
Proof :
We may assume that is real .
By symmetry , it suffices to show the one - sided estimate
To compute this quantity , we again use the exponential moment method .
Let be a parameter to be chosen later , and consider the exponential moment
To compute this , let us condition to be fixed , and look at the conditional expectation
We can simplify this as
where
For fixed , only fluctuates by at most and has mean zero .
Applying ( 10 ) , we conclude that
Integrating out the conditioning , we see that we have upper bounded ( 16 ) by
We observe that is a function of , where obeys the same hypotheses as ( but for instead of ) .
We can then iterate the above computation times and eventually upper bound ( 16 ) by
which we rearrange as
and thus by Markov ’s inequality
Optimising in then gives the claim .
Exercise 8
Show that McDiarmid ’s inequality implies Hoeffding ’s inequality ( Exercise 4 ) .
Remark 4
One can view McDiarmid ’s inequality as a tensorisation of Hoeffding ’s lemma , as it leverages the latter lemma for a single random variable to establish an analogous result for random variables .
It is possible to apply this tensorisation trick to random variables taking values in more sophisticated metric spaces than an interval , leading to a class of concentration of measure inequalities known as transportation cost - information inequalities , which will not be discussed here .
The most powerful concentration of measure results , though , do not just exploit Lipschitz type behaviour in each individual variable , but joint Lipschitz behaviour .
Let us first give a classical instance of this , in the special case when the are gaussian variables .
A key property of gaussian variables is that any linear combination of independent gaussians is again an independent gaussian :
Exercise 9
Let be independent real gaussian variables with , and let be real constants .
Show that is a real gaussian with mean and variance .
Show that the same claims also hold with complex gaussians and complex constants .
Exercise 10 ( Rotation invariance )
Let be an - valued random variable , where are iid real gaussians .
Show that for any orthogonal matrix , .
Show that the same claim holds for complex gaussians ( so is now - valued ) , and with the orthogonal group replaced by the unitary group .
Theorem 8 ( Gaussian concentration inequality for Lipschitz functions )
Let be iid real gaussian variables , and let be a - Lipschitz function ( i.e. for all , where we use the Euclidean metric on ) .
Then for any one has for some absolute constants .
Proof :
We use the following elegant argument of Maurey and Pisier .
By subtracting a constant from , we may normalise .
By symmetry it then suffices to show the upper tail estimate
By smoothing slightly we may assume that is smooth , since the general case then follows from a limiting argument .
In particular , the Lipschitz bound on now implies the gradient estimate
for all .
Once again , we use the exponential moment method .
It will suffice to show that
for some constant and all , as the claim follows from Markov ’s inequality and optimisation in as in previous arguments .
To exploit the Lipschitz nature of , we will need to introduce a second copy of .
Let be an independent copy of .
Since , we see from Jensen ’s inequality that
and thus ( by independence of and )
It is tempting to use the fundamental theorem of calculus along a line segment ,
to estimate , but it turns out for technical reasons to be better to use a circular arc instead ,
The reason for this is that is another gaussian random variable equivalent to , as is its derivative ( by Exercise 9 ) ; furthermore , and crucially , these two random variables are independent ( by Exercise 10 ) .
To exploit this , we first use Jensen ’s inequality to bound
Applying the chain rule and taking expectations , we have
Let us condition to be fixed , then ; applying Exercise 9 and ( 17 ) , we conclude that is normally distributed with standard deviation at most .
As such we have
for some absolute constant ; integrating out the conditioning on we obtain the claim .
Exercise 11 Show that Theorem 8 is equivalent to the inequality holding for all and all measurable sets , where is an - valued random variable with iid gaussian components , and is the - neighbourhood of .
Now we give a powerful concentration inequality of Talagrand , which we will rely heavily on later in this course .
Theorem 9 ( Talagrand concentration inequality ) Let , and let be independent complex variables with for all .
Let be a - Lipschitz convex function ( where we identify with for the purposes of defining “ Lipschitz ” and “ convex ” ) .
Then for any one has and for some absolute constants , where is a median of .
We now prove the theorem , following the remarkable argument of Talagrand .
By dividing through by we may normalise .
now takes values in the convex set , where is the unit disk in .
It will suffice to establish the inequality
for any convex set in and some absolute constant , where is the Euclidean distance between and .
Indeed , if one obtains this estimate , then one has
for any ( as can be seen by applying ( 20 ) to the convex set ) .
Applying this inequality of one of equal to the median of yields ( 18 ) , which in turn implies that
which then gives ( 19 ) .
We would like to establish ( 20 ) by induction on dimension .
In the case when are Bernoulli variables , this can be done ; see this previous blog post .
In the general case , it turns out that in order to close the induction properly , one must strengthen ( 20 ) by replacing the Euclidean distance by an essentially larger quantity , which I will call the combinatorial distance from to .
For each vector and , we say that supports if is non-zero only when is non-zero .
Define the combinatorial support of relative to to be all the vectors in that support at least one vector in .
Define the combinatorial hull of relative to to be the convex hull of , and then define the combinatorial distance to be the distance between and the origin .
Lemma 10 ( Combinatorial distance controls Euclidean distance )
Let be a convex subset of . .
Proof : Suppose .
Then there exists a convex combination of elements which has magnitude at most .
For each such , we can find a vector supported by .
As both lie in , every coefficient of has magnitude at most , and is thus bounded in magnitude by twice the corresponding coefficent of .
If we then let be the convex combination of the indicated by , then the magnitude of each coefficient of is bounded by twice the corresponding coefficient of , and so .
On the other hand , as is convex , lies in , and so .
The claim follows .
Thus to show ( 20 ) it suffices ( after a modification of the constant ) to show that
We first verify the one - dimensional case .
In this case , equals when , and otherwise , and the claim follows from elementary calculus ( for small enough ) .
Now suppose that and the claim has already been proven for .
We write , and let be a slice of .
We also let .
We have the following basic inequality :
Lemma 11
For any , we have
Proof : Observe that contains both and , and so by convexity , contains one of or whenever and .
The claim then follows from Pythagoras ’ theorem and the Cauchy - Schwarz inequality .
Let us now freeze and consider the conditional expectation
Using the above lemma ( with some depending on to be chosen later ) , we may bound the left - hand side of ( 21 ) by
applying Hölder ’s inequality and the induction hypothesis ( 21 ) , we can bound this by
which we can rearrange as
where ( here we note that the event is independent of ) .
Note that .
We then apply the elementary inequality
which can be verified by elementary calculus if is small enough ( in fact one can take ) .
We conclude that
Taking expectations in we conclude that
Using the inequality with we conclude ( 21 ) as desired .
The above argument was elementary , but rather “ magical ” in nature .
Let us now give a somewhat different argument of Ledoux , based on log-Sobolev inequalities , which gives the upper tail bound
but curiously does not give the lower tail bound .
( The situation is not symmetric , due to the convexity hypothesis on . )
Once again we can normalise .
By regularising we may assume that is smooth .
The first step is to establish the following log-Sobolev inequality :
Lemma 12 ( Log-Sobolev inequality )
Let be a smooth convex function .
Then for some absolute constant ( independent of ) .
Remark 5
If one sets and normalises , this inequality becomes which more closely resembles the classical log-Sobolev inequality of Gross .
The constant here can in fact be taken to be ; see Ledoux ’s paper .
Proof :
We first establish the - dimensional case .
If we let be an independent copy of , observe that the left - hand side can be rewritten as
From Jensen ’s inequality , , so it will suffice to show that
From convexity of ( and hence of ) and the bounded nature of , we have
and
when , which leads to
in this case .
Similarly when ( swapping and ) .
The claim follows .
To show the general case , we induct on ( keeping care to ensure that the constant does not change in this induction process ) .
Write , where .
From induction hypothesis , we have
where is the - dimensional gradient and .
Taking expectations , we conclude that
From the convexity of and Hölder ’s inequality we see that is also convex , and .
By the case already established , we have
Now , by the chain rule
where is the derivative of in the direction .
Applying Cauchy - Schwarz , we conclude
Inserting this into ( 23 ) , ( 24 ) we close the induction .
Now let be convex and - Lipschitz .
Applying the above lemma to for any , we conclude that
setting , we can rewrite this as a differential inequality
which we can rewrite as
From Taylor expansion we see that
as , and thus
for any .
In other words ,
By Markov ’s inequality , we conclude that
optimising in gives ( 22 ) .
Remark 6
The same argument , starting with Gross ’s log -Sobolev inequality for the gaussian measure , gives the upper tail component of Theorem 8 , with no convexity hypothesis on .
The situation is now symmetric with respect to reflections , and so one obtains the lower tail component as well .
The method of obtaining concentration inequalities from log-Sobolev inequalities ( or related inequalities , such as Poincaré - type ienqualities ) by combining the latter with the exponential moment method is known as Herbst ’s argument , and can be used to establish a number of other functional inequalities of interest .
We now close with a simple corollary of the Talagrand concentration inequality , which will be extremely useful in the sequel .
Corollary 13 ( Distance between random vector and a subspace )
Let be independent complex - valued random variables with mean zero and variance , and bounded almost surely in magnitude by .
Let be a subspace of of dimension .
Then for any , one has for some absolute constants .
Informally , this corollary asserts that the distance between a random vector and an arbitrary subspace is typically equal to .
Proof :
The function is convex and - Lipschitz .
From Theorem 9 , one has
To finish the argument , it then suffices to show that
We begin with a second moment calculation .
Observe that
where is the orthogonal projection matrix to the complement of , and are the components of .
Taking expectations , we obtain
where the latter follows by representing in terms of an orthonormal basis of .
This is close to what we need , but to finish the task we need to obtain some concentration of around its mean .
For this , we write
where is the Kronecker delta .
The summands here are pairwise uncorrelated for , and the cases can be combined with the cases by symmetry .
Each summand also has a variance of .
We thus have the variance bound
where the latter bound comes from representing in terms of an orthonormal basis of .
From this , ( 25 ) , and Chebyshev ’s inequality , we see that the median of is equal to , which implies on taking square roots that the median of is , as desired .
WORLD powers agreed overnight that Afghanistan should take increasing control of its own security from the end of this year and backed President Hamid Karzai 's plan to reward moderate Taliban who disarm .
Afghan security forces will take over an unspecified number of provinces " by late 2010 / early 2011 '' , the powers said after a conference in London , saying it marked " a new phase on the way to full Afghan ownership ' ' .
Western powers like the United States hope the pledges will allow them to cut troop levels in Afghanistan .
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said overnight that the agreement had brought the violence - torn country closer towards its goal of becoming a stable nation .
“ The goal is to have an Afghan - led and Afghan - owned strategy and we are seeing that translated into reality every day , " Ms Clinton said in London .
But the conference was dismissed as propaganda by the Taliban , who Mr Karzai had earlier invited to join peace talks .
Around 70 nations including Afghanistan , the United States and Britain held seven hours of discussions amid tight security to discuss how to stabilise the country and bolster Mr Karzai , re-elected in November in polls tainted by corruption .
" The Afghan desire was and is to take more responsibility and to demonstrate ownership of the whole process of state building , '' Rangeen Spanta , a key advisor to Mr Karzai and former foreign minister , said after the talks , adding : " Today was a good day for Afghanistan ' ' .
Taliban fighters to be paid
The main plank of Mr Karzai 's proposals , welcomed by the conference , is an internationally backed fund believed to be worth $ US500 million ( $ 559 million ) to persuade moderate Taliban fighters to renounce violence in return for jobs .
Mr Karzai said Afghanistan and its Western supporters must " reach out to all of our countrymen , especially our disenchanted brothers who are not part of Al - Qaeda ' ' .
British Foreign Secretary David Miliband said $ US140 million had been pledged for the first year of the fund .
Ms Clinton said she thought the plan would work .
“ We will be pursuing the military action , going very aggressively against Taliban , those who are trying to kill our soldiers and civilians and at the same time creating opportunities for Taliban who leave the battlefield , renounce violence and abide by the laws of Afghanistan to reenter society , ” Ms Clinton said .
" We expect a lot of the foot soldiers on the battlefield will ( leave ) because ... many of them are tired of fighting .
We believe the tide has turned against them , '' she said .
" This is similar to what the American military did in Iraq . ''
Peace plan
Mr Karzai also pledged to establish a national council for peace , reconciliation and reintegration and call a " peace jirga , '' or traditional gathering of Afghans .
His deputy spokesman Hamid Elmi told AFP the Taliban would " definitely ' ' be invited , but the appeals were met with defiance by the insurgents .
" The warmongering rulers under the leadership of ( US President Barack ) Obama and ( British Prime Minister Gordon ) Brown want to deceive the people of the world by holding the London conference to show that people still support them , '' the Taliban leadership said , according to SITE monitoring service .
However , a United Nations official told AFP the UN representative to Afghanistan , Kai Eide , met active members of the Taliban insurgency in Dubai this month for " talks about talks ' ' .
The meeting was held at the militants ' request , the official said .
Troops to remain in Afghanistan
Despite the hopes expressed at the conference , foreign forces could still have to remain in Afghanistan for years --
Ms Clinton stressed the planned handover was " not an exit strategy ' ' .
The NATO - led force fighting the Taliban is due to swell to 150,000 by the end of 2010 after a US surge , but Mr Karzai said overnight his country would need international help for at least another decade .
" With regard to training and equipping the Afghan security forces , five to 10 years will be enough , '' he told BBC radio .
" With regard to sustaining them until Afghanistan is financially able to provide for our forces , the time will be extended to 10 to 15 years . ''
Mr Brown said international allies would help Afghanistan to grow its security forces to 300,000 by October 2011 .
The United States , by far the biggest troop contributor , has indicated it wants to start drawing down by July 2011 .
But the potent threat posed by the insurgency was highlighted overnight when a US soldier was killed in southern Afghanistan .
Corruption
The conference also hailed measures announced by Mr Karzai to tackle corruption , including inviting outside experts to audit the scale of graft within three months -- a key demand of the West .
Dozens of protestors gathered outside the conference venue were opposed to any overture to the Taliban .
" We did n't go through all this war to have Taliban back , '' said Tahmina Yousofi , a 32 - year - old doctor who left Afghanistan three years ago .
- With NewsCore and AFP
Yesterday , two high court judges effectively brought to an end the government 's eight year - long policy of imprisoning terror suspects without charge or trial – depriving them of their liberty under a form of house arrest – on the basis of secret evidence .
Conceived in haste after the 9/11 attacks , when 17 men were imprisoned without charge or trial , mostly in Belmarsh high - security prison , the government 's policy mutated in March 2005 , after the high court ruled that this Guantánamo - style programme was illegal .
The replacement regime consisted of control orders and deportation bail .
These are stringent forms of house arrest , which can involve forced relocation , curfews , tagging , reporting to security firms at all times of the day and night , raids by Home Office officials at all times of the day and night , the vetting of visitors , and a ban on mobile phones and use of internet .
Those who cannot be deported , either because they are British nationals or because the courts intervened to prevent their return to countries where they faced the risk of torture , are – or were – held under control orders , and those whom the government still hopes to deport are held under deportation bail .
In both cases , the punishment for breaking any of the myriad conditions imposed on the detainees is relocation to a prison cell .
In June this year , the law lords delivered a crippling blow to the control order regime , which finally addressed the bizarre system developed for dealing with secret evidence in the Special Immigrations Appeal Commission ( Siac ) .
In this parallel legal universe , special advocates are responsible for representing the accused in closed sessions involving the use of secret evidence , but are prevented from revealing anything about those sessions to the people they represent .
Unanimously , the lords ruled that imposing control orders breaches Article 6 of the European convention on human rights , which guarantees the right to a fair trial , because a suspect held under a control order is not given " sufficient information about the allegations against him to enable him to give effective instructions to the special advocate assigned to him " .
Although this was the beginning of the end for the control order regime , and led to the government losing a few more court cases , and in other instances quietly quashing existing control orders , the deportation bail regime remained intact until yesterday 's ruling , even though it functioned on the same basis , as was exposed by the Guardian in Slow Torture , a series of films and articles in July .
Yesterday , however , Lord Justice Laws and Mr Justice Owen finally addressed this lapse in the equal application of the law , ruling that it was " impossible " to conclude " that in bail cases a less stringent procedural standard is required " than in control order cases .
The judges also rejected a claim by Siac that its decisions should be " immune from judicial review " .
The judges ' ruling came in the case of XC , a Pakistan student ( and one of 10 students arrested in April ) , who was refused bail on the basis of secret evidence , and the case of U , an Algerian .
Imprisoned without charge or trial for seven years , U had finally secured bail last summer , and lived for a short time , under a 24 - hour curfew in a rented house in southern England , until , in February , then home secretary Jacqui Smith decided that he was likely to abscond , and persuaded Siac to revoke his bail and return him to prison .
With the high court ruling , it is now time for the government to stop pretending that it is justifiable to hold anyone without charge or trial on the basis of secret evidence , and to test the allegations against alleged terror suspects in a forum that respects Article 6 of the ECHR .
There are many ways in which this can be achieved , including overturning the ban on intercept evidence , as Justice , the all - party law reform group , explained in a report in June , and if the government is still struggling to establish a case , then it must conclude , as true respect for the law demands , that this is because the information it is relying on does not rise to the level of evidence .
Advertisements
On MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow Show , host Rachel Maddow traced President Barack Obama ’s efforts towards political unity .
She examined all of Obama ’s failed bi-partisan efforts , and concluded that Obama is going to have change his strategy because he is going to get zero Republican support .
Here is the video :
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
Advertisements
After pointing out that Republicans are changing their stated policy views to disagree with Obama , Maddow said , “ Republicans have been as unanimous as they can be in opposition to every major thing this president has tried to do and they expect to continue to be as best as I can tell , calculating that the political benefit of stopping a president from accomplishing anything is worth a lot more than any risk of being seen as obstructionist . ”
Maddow moved on to Obama ’s first year , “ Barack Obama ’s first year in office has been a real challenge to his whole political brand , to his baseline appeal , to the thing that made him popular in the first place .
The reason the hope slogan worked and did n’t seem cynical , and the reason for all the often difficult , but earnest discussion of whether his was a post racial candidacy is because of President Obama ’s constant message of what unites us is stronger than what divides us , that may be true in the country at large .
I hope it ’s true .
It ’s really not true in Washington though . ”
She concluded that in order for the Democrats to get things done , they are going to need a strategy that counts on no Republican votes .
This type of maneuver goes counter what Obama built his brand on , but the fate of his presidency may rest on whether or not he can get things done .
Maddow hit the nail on the head .
One of the biggest transitions that all new presidents face is move from campaigning to governing .
What got Obama elected was a message of hope and bi-partisanship .
He can keep the hope , but he is going to have to abandon the idea of bi-partisanship .
Obama ’s success or failure is going to depend on how quickly he can implement a strategy for effective governance .
[ The following is a bleeping exact transcript of this podcast . ]
Holy @$# %!
According to neuroscientists from Britain ’s Keele University , dropping the f- bomb can actually relieve physical pain .
In the upcoming August 5th issue of the journal NeuroReport , the researchers say swearing is a different phenomenon than most language .
It activates emotional centers in the right side of the brain , rather than those &#* @ing cerebral areas reserved for regular # $ #y communication in the left hemisphere .
The researchers had groups of undergraduate students submerge their hands in a tub of witch$ @& #* cold water and repeat the swear word of their choice .
And students could tolerate the icy abyss much longer than when they were only allowed to say more socially acceptable words .
The researchers say the foul - mouthed students also had increased heart rates , which indicates that swearing activates a &#*@ing classic “ fight or flight ” response .
You know , when you act all bad $ ( # to downplay the fact that you ’re scared @$ # %^ss .
The study suggests that swearing is an ancient social phenomenon with both emotional and physical effects .
And also that socially acceptable words do n’t mean @ $ # % when your pain really hurts like a son - of - a-%@&$ # .
> Related Article : Why the # $ %!
Do We Swear ?
For Pain Relief
— Adam Hinterthuer
Scientists will study the C. elegans worm for clues to Parkinson 's Disease Scientists believe that worms could hold the key to why some people develop Parkinson 's Disease .
Worms share 50 % of their genes with humans , including those involved with inherited Parkinson's .
Dundee University researchers will study a simple worm called C. elegans to try to work out why the condition causes patient 's brain cells to die .
The Parkinson 's Disease Society has given the university £ 190,000 to carry out the research .
Eventual cure
There are about 120,000 people with Parkinson 's in the UK .
In up to 5 % of those cases , the disease is believed to be directly inherited .
Parkinson's is a progressive neurological condition affecting movements such as walking , talking and writing .
It occurs as a result of a loss of nerve cells in the brain .
Dr Anton Gartner , who is leading the study , said : " Research leading to an eventual cure for Parkinson ' s disease is a daunting task and requires a very broad and multidisciplinary approach .
" I am grateful to the Parkinson 's society to recognise this and to so generously support our research . "
It 's fascinating that such a simple animal as a worm can be an excellent model for Parkinson 's researchers
Dr Kieran Breen
Parkinson 's Disease Society Worms will be used in the study as they are one of the simplest organisms with a nervous system .
The way worms ' nerve cells communicate with each other is also similar to how it works in humans .
Several genes , including one known as LRRK2 , have been linked to the hereditary form of Parkinson 's Disease .
Dr Gartner 's team want to understand how changes or mutations in this gene lead to the development of Parkinson 's - and how drugs could stop the damage that these mutations cause to nerve cells .
Dr Kieran Breen , from the Parkinson 's Disease Society , said : " It 's fascinating that such a simple animal as a worm can be an excellent model for Parkinson 's researchers to study what happens in specific nerve cells .
" We are delighted to be funding this research with Dr Gartner in Dundee .
It will help us to understand better what causes nerve cells to die in Parkinson's , and will help us to develop new treatments for the condition . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The McLaren MP4 - 25 has been launched today .
So now we can see how it compares to arch-rival Ferrari ’s 2010 car , the F10 , which was launched yesterday .
Have a look at the two cars side - by - side in these pictures to see how two of F1 ’s powerhouse teams have tackled the 2010 regulations .
The different zooms used on the photographs makes it difficult to compare dimensions accurately , and makes the MP4 - 25 look much longer than the F10 .
Right
Image scaled so rear wheel sizes match
Front
Images scaled so front wing sizes match
Images ( C ) www.mclaren.com / Ferrari spa
News
All
Conan on the Run Conan on the Run
Fans Rally for Conan O’Brien in Los Angeles " I'm With Coco " Rally Included Appearances from O'Brien , Andy Richter , La Bamba , and Max Weinberg
Photography by Wendy Lynch Redfern
Hundreds of Conan O'Brien fans braved heavy rain for the " I'm With Coco " rally outside of the Universal Studios lot in Hollywood where O'Brien currently tapes The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien .
Fans were protesting NBC 's decision to return Jay Leno to The Tonight Show after Leno's 10 pm show flopped and O'Brien refused to move to a later time slot to accommodate Leno 's return to late night TV .
The rally was organized by the people behind the I'm With Coco Facebook group , which is spearheaded by Mike Mitchell and already has over 352,000 fans .
Fans chanted such slogans as " We want the hair , not the chin , " in reference to O'Brien 's infamous red hair and Leno 's large chin .
Such curious protest signs included " Conan Saved Me from Scientology " and " Jeff Zucker is a Scientologist , " the latter in reference to the CEO of NBC ( who 's generally considered the villain in these proceedings by O'Brien supporters ) .
Other sign slogans included : " Respect the Cone Zone , " " I'm Loco for Coco , " " Zucker Can Zuck It , " " Retire Leno , " " Do n't Go Conando , " " NBC = Never Believe Contracts , " " Put Conan on Telemundo , " " I'm Cuckoo for Coco , " and " Colbert / O' Brien 2012 , " which was jokingly advocating a Stephen Colbert and Conan O'Brien presidential ticket .
Eventually , O'Brien made an appearance at the rally .
But first Tonight Show trombonist Richie " LaBamba " Rosenberg was driven around the block standing in a glass box , à la the Pope .
Then the classic character The Masturbating Bear worked the crowd .
Finally , O'Brien himself ran out of the studio gates , was immediately mobbed by fans , but still kept running up Lankershim Blvd. , past all the fans ( most of whom ran with him ) , and back into the studio via the next gate .
The police briefly had to shut down the studio side of the street , as fans flooded in front of traffic .
As soon as O'Brien appeared , the relentless rain actually subsided and the sun came out , prompting fans to chant " Conan stopped the rain ! , " which was in part a reference to Tina Fey 's comment on the red carpet at last night 's Golden Globe Awards that the rain was " God crying for NBC . "
All the fans then gathered outside gate 2 and soon O'Brien appeared on the roof facing the gate , causing the protestors to go wild .
He did his famous puppet string dance and waved to fans .
Sidekick Andy Richter addressed the fans with a megaphone , thanking everyone for their support and admitted that the lawyers had told him that he could n't say much more .
Tonight Show bandleader Max Weinberg and graphic designer / comedian Pierre Bernard both also waved from the roof and " LaBamba " briefly played the trombone from up there .
Meanwhile , plenty of free pizza courtesy of O'Brien and his staff was passed out to the crowd .
All of this will probably do little to stop NBC from booting O'Brien .
Rumors widely circulating the Internet say that NBC is paying O'Brien between $ 30 and $ 40 million to hand The Tonight Show back to Leno and that O'Brien 's last Tonight Show will be this Friday .
Somewhere Johnny Carson is turning in his grave .
Click here for a full gallery of photos from the " I'm With Coco " rally .
www.tonightshowwithconanobrien.com
PREVIOUS POST
Debt is Bad for Your Wallet ... and Your Health
As the old saying goes , stress kills .
In fact , during this bad economy , having more debt is adversely effecting people 's health .
Having high debt stress doubles your risk of having a heart attack - that alone is scary !
Obviously it 's difficult to change your financial situation overnight , but little steps can make a difference .
Try picking up a few healthier habits that are also more frugal .
Bike or walk instead of driving .
Cook a healthy vegetarian meal at home .
Start a garden .
Reconnect with an old friend via email instead of spending money on a night on the town .
" We can do Center City and do an adequate job , " said Sister Mary Scullion , cofounder of Project HOME , a nonprofit agency helping the homeless that conducted the census .
" The new factor this year is , there are increasing numbers of people living on the streets in an area outside the normal boundaries of where we count . "
The married couple Allen and Patty Eckman are known for their fine and detailed sculptures made of acid free cast paper .
Their art shows mostly sculptures of Indians , but it also includes nature , women , children and animals .
The couple have created the sculptures since 1988 and are the only masters of their medium having Eckman Method of Cast Paper Sculpture as their own trademark .
If you would like to see more art made out of paper , you should take a look at how this simple paper turned into a two - dimensional piece of art .
Rex Kwan Don’t
You think anybody wants a roundhouse kick to the face while I ’m wearing these bad boys ?
New York
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 8.2/10 ( 12 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
Rating : +3 ( from 5 votes )
Verizon is terminating internet service to an unknown number of repeat copyright scofflaws , a year after suggesting it was not adopting a so - called graduated - response policy .
While it was not immediately clear whether other internet service providers were following suit , the move comes as the Recording Industry Association of America and the Motion Picture Association of America are lobbying ISPs and Congress to support terminating internet access for repeat , online copyright offenders .
All the while , the United States has been privately lobbying the European Union to " encourage " so - called three strikes policies , according to leaked documents surrounding a proposed international intellectual property accord .
Verizon was not immediately prepared to comment in detail on the developments , first reported by CNET , or to detail how many of its more than 8 million broadband subscribers it has terminated – although CNET said the number was " small . "
The RIAA declined comment .
" We reserve the right to do that , " Verizon spokeswoman Bobbi Henson said in a telephone interview regarding the terminations .
The next day , it " disputed " the accuracy of CNET 's story .
The RIAA announced a year ago it was winding down its litigation campaign against individual file sharers , about 30,000 lawsuits in all .
Instead , the music industry 's lobbying and litigation arm said it would rely on a series of accords it had reached with " leading " internet service providers , in which ISPs have agreed " on principle " to shut off internet access to customers the RIAA catches file sharing repeatedly .
At that time , in a Jan. 5 , 2009 interview , Verizon spokeswoman Ellen
Yu said that , in reference to the RIAA announcement : " We are not working with them on this . "
Cara Duckworth , an RIAA spokeswoman , said the same day that " We have an agreement on principle with several leading ISPs but not all , and the agreement on principle is confidential . "
Other than Verizon , none of the leading ISPs have acknowledged practicing what the content industry is calling " graduated response . "
Under Verizon 's plan , the ISP notifies customers that unlawful file sharing allegedly is taking place on their accounts – file sharing discovered by the RIAA or other intellectual property holders who actively police networks and IP addresses .
Internet service could be terminated perhaps after several warnings .
See Also :
60 Warming Dishes Jump to Recipe
It ’s winter now and I do n’t know about you , but I ’m cold .
It ’s rainy and gross in DC these days and all I really want to do is curl up on the couch with a big bowl of chili and call it a day .
Of course , life gets in the way and instead of making delicious warming meals every day , I end up just reading about other people ’s delicious warming meals .
The last 60 post I did was pretty well received so I thought I ’d do another one with 60 great warming dishes to make it through the last few months of winter .
You can hover over the photos to see original blog and recipe name and click through to the original recipe .
Phew !
Ok .
So I maybe could have named this 60 things in a bowl , but whatever .
You get the idea .
Click on some pretty photos , get to know some new awesome food blogs and most of all …
STAY WARM PEOPLE .
Look out , NBA .
Derrick
Rose ’s jumper is much - improved and it ’s ripping nets in a city near you .
That early - season ankle issue seems like years ago and Rose is attacking the basket as well as any point guard in the league .
But now he has added a pull - up jumper to his repertoire .
Which leads to the age - old question :
How ya want it ?
Rose can now slay you with multiple weapons .
Rose is becoming a killer in the Dwyane Wade mold .
He ’s shooting the J with precision and is knocking down pull - up jumpers , leaving defenders twisted ankles .
If LeBron and Wade are watching Sportscenter recently , they might be scratching their chins wondering if Chicago is indeed the best place to go to win rings for the next decade .
Last night Rose shot 13 - 23 ( 57 % ) from the floor and doled out 6 assists with no turnovers .
Not bad for a guy that was dealing with flu symptoms throughout the day .
In January Rose is shooting 51 % from the floor and averaging 23.3/4.5/6.5 .
He ’s knocking down big shots and getting to the basket at will , just like Wade does .
One more thing : Rose is just 21 years old .
That ’s insane .
So LeBron can go to the Knicks and DWade can stay in Miami , but they ’ll end up wishing they came to Chicago to play with Rose .
Highlights from the Spurs game :
[ review ] Mass Effect – PC / 360
I ’m sick .
I stayed at home today .
Today is also a hallmark day in my gaming history , as Mass Effect 2 , the sequel to one of my favorite titles , is released .
I plan to pick it up tonight , but while I ’m home , I figured I may as well publish a review for the first Mass Effect .
Since I ’m fairly new to this reviewing business , I ’ll go blissfully and review each section of a game as I see fit .
That being graphics , gameplay , story , and overall .
Some may be excluded for other games which are generally not useful of some or most of these elements .
Graphics
To say that Mass Effect ’s graphics are n’t impressive would be an easy lie – they are nothing short of impressive .
While the 360 version suffers from some framerate droppings in heavily intensive areas , the PC version holds up ( dependent on your computer , of course ) .
Less impressive is the few graphical options that were offered on the PC version .
While the ability to toggle motion blur and film grain are great , the fact that there is no anti aliasing option is dissuading .
Generally , Mass Effect holds no issues with jagged lines , as it seems BioWare handled them well , but there were the occasional slips that made the experience more foreboding .
Some lucky users may be able to force anti aliasing or anisoptric filtering through their graphics card control panels … force sampling , as to not prevaricate .
As impressive as they were , some planets were arduously redundant , not only in graphics but in the whole aspect of things ( more on this later ) .
Overall , the graphics were pleasing to the eye , albeit a few small technical issues .
More could have been done , but it was a generally acceptable experience in this relation .
The Verdict : 9/10 .
Gameplay
I think BioWare had it in them to create a story and presentation driven game this time around – as with many of their games .
Something about Mass Effect though , did n’t seem to live up to many of their other amazing titles in terms of gameplay .
It presented a lackluster third person shooter , with extremely repetitive loot drops and easy combat .
The gameplay was enough to make you want to skip it altogether in hope of reaching the next bit of revealing story .
The cover system seems to work , but its held down by a simple and buggy “ auto cover ” system which prevents it from reaching its full potential .
There are six classes in Mass Effect .
Each of them differ only slightly , incorporating either weapons , biotics ( think the force in Star Wars ) , or tech ( almost a physical version of biotics ) .
The differences between all the classes make it awkward to choose – in one situation I was presented with being either an adept ( strictly biotic ) or vanguard ( mixture of biotics and weapons ) .
I went with vanguard .
Why ?
The thing tugging me towards vanguard was the ability to use weapons and still have quite a few biotic abilities , something I passed over in previous playthroughs ( this was my seventh ) .
The one ability that gave adepts an advantage was my favorite – singularity .
The name speaks for itself .
You are also in control of a squad of two other members – those of which you have the ability to select prior to entering a scenario .
You can not change mid game unless the option is presented ( rare ) .
Depending on the difficulty you select , your squad will be more or less a huge factor in surviving .
You can command them , with some settings applicable in the menu to base them towards defense , offense , or both .
Depending on the character , they will use skills themselves , but it is more essential that you pause the game using spacebar ( or left bumper ) and choose their tactics yourself .
On the PC version of Mass Effect though , is the much richer gameplay experience .
As shown in the above photo , there is a quick slot feature , allowing for quick micro management during a battle so that you need not pause the action .
Even if you were to pause the action , though , there is a much more duty free version of the rugged power wheel on the 360 version .
Not only that , but the Mako – your vehicle for traveling grand terrain – is a vehicle not painstaking to drive .
A multitude of other features are improved in the PC version as well , I not being able to list all of them as it is easily accomplished with a google search .
If an option is available , do yourself a favor and purchase the PC version .
I own both versions and this one is much better .
This all came at a cost of a much later release date ( although not the same issue with Mass Effect 2 ) .
The Verdict : 8/10 .
Story
This is , without a doubt , the strong point of the game .
Boasting a 30 + hour game ( provided you complete all sidequests ) in one playthrough , the anticipation to piece together the puzzle of Saren and his heresy is just the beginning of the trilogy .
You recruit your squadmates fairly quickly .
While a large focus of the game is morality , you sadly cannot dispose of your squadmates .
It may just be that they are too persistent .
Either way , they come in handy , and are necessary to defeat the threat looming over the universe .
* SPOILERS AHEAD *
The game begins with you on a mission that turns out to be more than a simple “ shakedown run ” – you and your team are cautious of the Spectre on the team ( who evaluates you for the mission ) .
Spectres are hired by the council ( the head decision makers of the galaxy ) and have rights and privileges to do anything that sustains intergalactic peace .
In the mission , you suffer the death of a teammate ( which is n’t emotionally scarring in the least ) , and recruit a new one , who is a possible romance option .
This once beautiful planet you land on was recently charred by the geth , a synthetic robotic race of beings who follow the reapers ( more on this later ) .
Turns out Nihlus , the Spectre who was to evaluate you , is killed by a once old friend who is also a Spectre , Saren .
You eventually uncover a beacon on this planet which begins a toil of events that present the lawlessness and betrayal of Saren to the council .
The council only seems to wish to thwart your attempts , but they become sane throughout the plot .
Shepard ( your character ) becomes a Spectre , Saren is demoted of his Spectre status , and you start on a mission looking for the ‘ Conduit ’ – still a foggy figment of Shepard ’s imagination , turns out to be the backdoor for the Reapers , a hyperadvanced machine race , to destroy everything once again .
After a huge turn of events you end up on Virmire – a gorgeous planet ( somewhat shown in the picture above ) and you attempt to thwart Saren ’s operations .
After what seems to be a failed attempt , you fly past the safe reaches of the galaxy onto Ilos , a deserted planet which was once a thriving place for Protheans ( the last race that was killed by the Reapers ) .
Here , Saren ’s plans and the whole story unfolds in a magical way .
You warp to the Citadel , and save humanity .
There is a lot of content I had to skip over for this section , while still riddled with spoilers .
I recommend beating the game yourself , as it is truly an amazing story , which I ’m sure only advances in the sequel .
The Verdict : 9.5/10 .
Overall
Mass Effect is a game you must play in this life .
It blends worthy graphics and gameplay into a masterfully crafted story which leaves you begging for more ( now available in Mass Effect 2 ! )
While having its faults , they are not something to simply pass the game over for .
If you ’re a fan of third person shooters , and even RPG ’s , you ’re going to love this .
There is a lot to say for this awesome title , much of which I could n’t get to in a simple blog post with the time I have today .
The Overall Verdict : 8.8
Go purchase this now .
Whether it be on Xbox Live ’s Games on Demand or Steam , or at your local game store , it ’s fairly cheap and worth every minute .
Some completionists may be disappointed in the route of redundancy BioWare took , but it was just mere preparation for the fantastic offering of the sequel .
Mass Effect – buy it today !
When it comes to party appetizers , pigs in a blanket are yesterday 's news .
If you really want to wow your guests , we have two words for you : bacon cups .
Advertisement
Make sure you have lunch before you check out home project weblog Not Martha 's post on how to make these knock - your - socks - off bacon cups , because you will get hungry .
The author experimented with different ways to weave mini bacon baskets together and plop them on the bottom of a foil - lined muffin tin to hold their shape in the oven .
She went through loads of bacon and tried several methods before landing on the perfect way to make two different sized baskets .
The larger size is perfect for holding a lettuce and tomato salad , while the smaller version is perfect for bite - size appetizers or finger food .
Advertisement
Making these little goodies is a bit more involved than just opening a bag of chips and dumping them in a bowl .
Morgan , the post 's author , cautions :
This all took three hours and my house filled with smoke , but it was worth it .
Be sure to put a cookie sheet with a rim below the cooking bacon in the oven , there was a lot of dripping fat and I saw a few flames .
Watch your oven carefully !
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
We love her idea of making tiny BLTs out of the cups .
What else would make a good filling ?
Scrambled eggs ?
Diced toast ?
More bacon ?
Lets hear your ideas in the comments .
Bacon Cups [ Not Martha ]
A rally in Regina attracted about 200 people who listened intently to speakers decrying the prorogation of Parliament .
(( Sheryl Rennie / CBC ) )
Thousands of people attended rallies in towns and cities across Canada on Saturday to speak out against Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's decision to suspend Parliament until March .
More than 60 rallies were planned across Canada , with protests also slated for London , England , and several U.S. cities .
Liberal Leader Michael Ignatieff addressed the crowd on Parliament Hill on Saturday afternoon , commending protesters for their campaign to send MPs back to work .
" This is a demonstration that shows that Canadians understand their democracy , care for their democracy , and if necessary will fight for their democracy , " Ignatieff said .
" This demonstration does not belong to the politicians of any party , it belongs to the Canadian people . "
MPs were supposed to return to work Jan. 25 after a holiday break , but Harper said he moved to delay the resumption of Parliament in order to focus on strategies for Canada 's economy .
Ignatieff said Liberal MPs will be back at work Monday , despite the prorogation , to hold public meetings .
Layton calls for prorogation limits
NDP Leader Jack Layton also addressed the crowd in Ottawa , reiterating his call for a new law that would limit any prime minister ’s power to prorogue Parliament .
NDP Leader Jack Layton , appearing at a rally in Ottawa on Saturday , said he would like to see a law limiting any prime minister 's power to suspend Parliament .
( ( Pawel Dwulit / Canadian Press ) )
Layton also called on the prime minister to recall Parliament and send MPs back to work .
" I get the impression that you ’d like your representatives to be at work on your behalf starting tomorrow , " Layton told the cheering crowd .
" Sorry … Monday — we ’re jumping the gun . "
RCMP officials in Ottawa estimated that roughly 3,500 people took part in the rally on Parliament Hill .
Thousands of protesters gathered at Yonge - Dundas Square in Toronto to protest the suspension of Parliament .
Some took the demonstration onto the street , chanting and waving placards as they marched down Yonge Street .
Rallies were also staged Saturday in Regina and Saskatoon , and attracted several hundred people .
In Regina , about 200 people gathered on a downtown pedestrian street .
" It 's about the masses and their voice being heard , " Sonya Stanger , 18 , said .
" You know , representation of the masses , and that 's not what 's happening right now . "
In Regina , three people showed up with signs supporting the prime minister 's move .
(( Sheryl Rennie / CBC ) )
Also in Regina , three people — who kept a respectful distance from the main group — held signs showing support for Harper .
Their presence was noted with a smattering of boos from the crowd .
However , a speaker said the point of the rally was to support democracy and implored people to respect differing points of view .
In Halifax , several hundred people shouted anti-Harper slogans in front of Province House in the city 's downtown .
" We ca n't use prorogation to run from our problems .
Canada knows that that can't happen and we 're making sure that they all know that too , " said Brendan Sommerhalder , one of the organizers of the Halifax rally .
In Calgary , a group of protesters gathered outside the prime minister ’s constituency office .
The anti-prorogation movement gained momentum after a Facebook group was created condemning Harper 's decision to suspend the parliamentary session .
More than 200,000 people have joined the site and rally organizers used the social networking medium to help organize Saturday ’s protests .
VIENNA ( Reuters ) - The U.N. nuclear watchdog presented Wednesday a draft deal to Iran and three world powers for approval within two days to reduce Tehran ’s stockpile of enriched uranium , seen by the West as a nuclear weapons risk .
Iran declined to say if it would endorse the plan , which Western diplomats said would require Tehran to send 1.2 tons of its known 1.5 - tonne reserve of low - enriched uranium ( LEU ) to Russia and France by the end of the year .
The material would be converted into fuel for a nuclear medicine facility in Tehran .
The Islamic Republic ’s envoy to the International Atomic Energy Agency hinted that his government may seek amendments .
Western diplomats suggested this could jeopardize the deal if they overstepped “ red lines ” set to create confidence that Tehran is not pursuing a nuclear weapons option .
However , an outright rejection seemed less likely as this could revive Western pressure for harsher U.N. sanctions on Iran .
“ We have to thoroughly study this text and ... come back and reflect our opinion and suggestions or comments in order to have an amicable solution at the end of the day , ” Iranian Ambassador Ali Asghar Soltanieh told reporters .
“ We welcome this event ; we are fully cooperating . ”
Three days of talks in Vienna failed to finalize the deal as the IAEA and the three powers -- France , Russia and the United States -- had wanted .
Western diplomats said this was because Iran raised many questions about fundamental aspects of the plan which it had already agreed to in principle .
Iran has resorted to time - buying maneuvers in the past , including withholding final answers to offers in talks , while seeking to accelerate its secretive enrichment program .
IAEA Director General Mohamed ElBaradei announced the draft deal after the Vienna talks .
“ I have circulated a draft agreement that in my judgment reflects a balanced approach to how to move forward .
The deadline for the parties to give , I hope , an affirmative action is Friday , ” he told reporters .
DEAL LIMITED WITHOUT ENRICHMENT HALT
“ I cross my fingers that by Friday we have an OK by all the parties concerned , ” he said , betraying widespread uncertainty over whether Iran would make a concrete commitment .
The draft plan would reduce the high risk cited by the West of Iran , under suspicion over nuclear secrecy and restrictions on U.N. inspections , using accumulated LEU for refinement to the high level of purity suitable for a nuclear warhead .
Iran , which says its nuclear program is only for producing electricity , has already amassed enough LEU for one bomb if it were further enriched .
Iran has no nuclear power plants that would use LEU , raising Western suspicions about its intentions .
ElBaradei ’s plan would only push back the point when Iran could “ weaponize ” LEU by about a year , the time it would need to supplant the 1.2 tons at its current rate of enrichment , U.S. proliferation analyst David Albright said .
Iran rules out curbing enrichment as an infringement on its “ legal and obvious ” right to civilian nuclear energy .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
World powers seeking a lasting solution to the standoff with Iran will press it for a nuclear freeze at further talks at senior foreign ministry level planned soon , with trade rewards promised if Tehran fully suspends enrichment .
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said “ prompt action ” by Iran was needed to turn the LEU blueprint into reality .
“ The door is open to a better future for Iran , but the process of engagement cannot be open - ended , ” she said in a speech .
U.S. and French officials indicated their governments would sign off on the plan .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
Tehran tentatively approved the scheme in high - level talks with six world powers in Geneva on October 1 .
Then it appeared to row back from it , declaring it could enrich uranium to higher levels itself if terms of the deal proved unacceptable .
The arrangement envisages Russia refining Iran ’s 5 - percent enriched uranium up to 19.7 percent and France processing the material into fuel rods to power the old , 1960s - era reactor .
Its fuel stock , imported in the early 1990s , is expected to run out in about a year .
Sanctions imposed on Iran since 2006 ban it from trading for sensitive nuclear materials .
“ Everybody is aware ( this ) transaction is a very important confidence - building measure that can defuse a crisis going on for a number of years , and open space for ( further ) negotiations ” on other outstanding disputes , ElBaradei said .
He was referring to longstanding U.N. Security Council and IAEA demands on Iran to halt enrichment and permit wider ranging inspections to verify it is not hiding more proliferation - prone nuclear activity .
Last month , Iran revealed a second enrichment site under construction since 2006 but not declared to the IAEA .
Iran has agreed to open the site to inspections on October 25 .
While we may have an elaborate dream life as adults , it seems we develop the ability to have rich and vivid dreams as we grow – children start off having relatively simple dreams that become more complex throughout childhood .
Below is an excerpt from a scientific review article on ‘ dreaming and the brain ’ , shortly to be published in Trends in Cognitive Sciences , that addresses how our dream life changes and develops during our early years .
One of the criticisms of these findings might be that dreams seem less complex in younger children because their language is n’t rich enough to describe them fully .
However , there is good evidence against this idea – the complexity of dreams is not strongly related to verbal ability , although it is to the vividness of the child ’s mental imagery .
When do children start dreaming , and what kind of dreams do they have ?
Given that children often show signs of emotion in sleep , many assume that they dream a great deal .
However , a series of studies by David Foulkes showed that children under the age of 7 reported dreaming only 20 % of the time when awakened from REM sleep , compared with 80 ‚ Ä ì90 % in adults .
Preschoolers ‚Äô dreams are often static and plain , such as seeing an animal or thinking about eating .
There are no characters that move , no social interactions , little feeling , and they do not include the dreamer as an active character .
There are also no autobiographic , episodic memories , perhaps because children have trouble with conscious episodic recollection in general , as suggested by the phenomenon of infantile amnesia .
Preschoolers do not report fear in dreams , and there are few aggressions , misfortunes and negative emotions .
Children who have night terrors , in which they awaken early during the night from SWS [ slow - wave sleep ] and display intense fear and agitation , are probably terrorized by disorientation owing to incomplete awakening rather than by a dream .
Thus , although children of age 2 ‚ Ä ì 5 years can see and speak of everyday people , objects and events , they apparently cannot dream of them .
Between the ages of 5 ‚ Ä ì 7 years , dream reports become longer , although they are still infrequent .
Dreams might contain sequences of events in which characters move about and interact , but narratives are not well developed .
At around 7 years of age , dream reports become longer and more frequent , contain thoughts and feelings , the child ’s self becomes an actual participant in the dream , and dreams begin to acquire a narrative structure and to reflect autobiographic , episodic memories .
It could be argued that perhaps all children dream , but some do not yet realize that they are dreaming , do not remember their dreams , or can not report them because of poor verbal skills .
Contrary to these intuitive suggestions , dream recall was found to correlate best with abilities of mental imagery rather than with language proficiency …
Put simply , it is children with the most developed mental imagery and visuo - spatial skills ( rather than verbal or memory capabilities ) that report the most dreams , suggesting a real difference in dream experience .
I ’ve removed the numeric references for ease of reading , but you can find the full research sources in the original article .
Link to PubMed entry for article .
Link to DOI entry for same .
We 've already told you everything you need to know about the Nexus One .
Still , you might be curious to see Google 's self - proclaimed " superphone " splayed wide to reveal a Samsung - branded OLED display , Qualcomm QSD8250 " Snapdragon " 1 GHz ARM processor , and Synaptics touchscreen controller .
Of interest is a Broadcom chip labeled Broadcom BCM4329EKUBG .
Why ?
Well , the BCM4329 ( albeit , without the " EKUBG " qualifier ) is capable of 802.11n ( HTC only lists 802.11b/g ) WiFi in addition to FM transmitter and receiver .
Bet you did n't know that ?
Picture of the Broadcom chip after the break . :
Just noticed that Google does list 802.11n on the specs page although HTC does not
CopyRight
All Pictures and Contents in this Blog are solely © BongCookBook .
Do not use my contents and picture without my permission .
Blog Contents and Pictures ©BongCookBook
Titan lake : Stunning Nasa image confirms surface liquid on Saturn 's largest moon
Nasa has captured a stunning image of light reflection in the northern hemisphere of Titan , the largest moon of the planet Saturn , illustrating the presence of surface liquid on the planetary body .
The image , taken by the Cassini Spacecraft 's visual and infrared mapping spectrometer on July 8 , is the first of its kind .
Scientists had previously discovered lakes of surface liquid in the moon 's southern hemisphere using infrared .
It makes Titan the only other body besides Earth believed to harbour liquid on its surface .
Known as a specular reflection , the glint of light has been the focus of Cassini 's mission since the craft made contact with Saturn in 2004 .
However , Titan 's northern hemisphere has been shrouded in winter darkness for much of that time .
Titanic discovery :
The glint , shown at the very top of the image , is captured for the first time
Sun only began to directly illuminate the northern lakes , which considerably outnumber the amount found in the southern hemisphere , during the moon 's spring equinox in August this year .
' This one image communicates so much about Titan - thick atmosphere , surface lakes and an otherworldliness , ' said Cassini project scientist Bob Pappalardo in a press release .
' It ’s an unsettling combination of strangeness yet similarity to Earth . '
The glint comes from the southern shoreline of the sprawling Kraken Mare lake , which covers about 400,000 square kilometers of Titan ’s surface .
Cassini team member , Ralf Jaumann , added : ' These results remind us how unique Titan is in the solar system .
But they also show us that liquid has a universal power to shape geological surfaces in the same way , no matter what the liquid is . '
' Next , we want to find out more about Titan 's liquid .
Do we have some kind of weather there ?
Do we have changes with seasons ?
Does it rain ?
How does the liquid methane run across the surface ?'
The hole in the Earth 's ozone layer has shielded Antarctica from the worst effects of global warming until now , according to the most comprehensive review to date of the state of the Antarctic climate .
But scientists warned that as the hole closes up in the next few decades , temperatures on the continent could rise by around 3C on average , with melting ice contributing to a global sea -level increases of up to 1.4m .
The western Antarctic peninsula has seen rapid ice loss as the world has warmed , but other parts of the continent have paradoxically been cooling , with a 10 % increase in ice in the seas around the region in recent decades .
Many climate change sceptics have used the Antarctic cooling as evidence against global warming .
But John Turner of the British Antarctic Survey said scientists are now " very confident " that the anomaly had caused by the ozone hole above Antarctica .
" We knew that , when we took away this blanket of ozone , we would have more ultra-violet radiation .
But we did n't realise the extent to which it would change the atmospheric circulation of the Antarctic . "
These changes in weather have increased winds in the Southern Ocean region and meant that a large part of the continent has remained relatively cool compared with the western peninsula .
But because the the CFC gasses that caused the ozone hole now been banned , scientists expect the damage to repair itself within the next 50 - 60 years .
By then the cooling effect will have faded out and Turner said the Antarctic would face the full effects of global warming .
This means an increase in average air temperatures of around 3C and a reduction in sea ice by around a third .
The biggest threat to the continent comes from warming seas .
Robert Binschadler , a glaciologist at Nasa who monitors Antarctic ice sheets , said : " The heat in the ocean is getting underneath the floating ice shelves , these floating fringes of the ice sheet that are hundreds of metres thick .
That warm water is melting the underside of the ice shelf , reducing the buttressing effect . "
Thinning of the ice shelf at the fringes leads to glaciers moving more quickly .
The retreat of ice from Antarctica has contributed around 10 % to global sea - level rise in recent decades .
" The danger is that this warmer water will get under these ice shelves and cause the ice streams to get faster and feed ice out into the ocean , " said Turner .
Published by the Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research ( SCAR ) , a coalition of international experts that coordinates international research in the region , the report has been published to give negotiators in Copenhagen the most up - to - date science available .
" Everything is connected — Antarctica may be a long way away but it is an important part of the Earth 's system , " said Colin Summerhayes , executive director of SCAR .
" It contains 90 % of the world 's ice , 70 % of the world 's fresh water and that is enough , if it melts , to raise sea levels by 63m . "
SCAR 's review also corroborated recent work by Stefan Rahmstorf , a climate scientist at the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impacts Research in Germany , that average sea - level rise will be closer to 1.4 m by the end of the century .
This is higher than the rise predicted by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) in 2007 , said Turner , because the IPCC 's forecasts did not include the impact of melting ice sheets on sea level rises .
Many of the climate models used by the IPCC have also not taken the ozone hole into account in their simulations .
Hey Phil , Your HOV suggestion about 3 months ago basically paid for my Philstockworld subscription for years to come .
My average cost is about $ 1 . Ether
Phil , did you by chance publish the weekly webinar on Youtube yet ?
I have been watching these and they are awesome .
Unfortunately , I can't cut out of work to attend live webinars .
Again , they are just awesome content – thank you .
jcpdx
Phil I must say that it was really nice to have a portfolio that was looking very stable in the face of a rough day for the markets .
I ended the day up 0.3 % which includes another successful day of futures trading .
So with a portfolio of mostly cash , a few of our faves like Apple and LL , JO , TOL , DIS , etc. , along with a couple of hedges that paid off nicely today , and my futures trades , I never had to break a sweat during that madhouse today .
Yes , by George ( or Phil ) , I may be learning this system !
Craig
I picked up one of your recommended Gold plays , the July ABX 30s and sold the Feb 35s , which are now mostly intrinsic value .
Is it time to roll these to the March 37.50s , or should I wait this spike out ?
Bill Hoffman
Opt , I think the hardest thing is being disciplined enough to trade with you .
Atleast now when I see something go in the red I know how much I 'm going to loose and that I will profit somewhere else and have enough money left at the end of the day to trade again .
Thanks for all your hard work !
My stress levels are down 75 % and I have even made a small profit in the short time I 've been here Mopar
Peter D : great write - up for Short Strangles , Part 1 , looking forward to Part 2 , particularly the adjustment part .
RMM
PSW AC Conf :
For those who may be on the bubble , I attended my first PSW LV in November .
It was a real eye - opener .
What I accomplished in a couple of days of exposure to Phil , Pharm , Craig , et al made my previous couple of years of hanging around the web site seem silly .
If you are inclined in the slightest , you really should go .
Just rubbing shoulders with other PSW members proved to be really valuable .
Strictly on the basis of value , it 's a great deal .
You will have real time conversations with Phil and the gang and they will get to your questions and agenda items .
Mjjwo9b
Phil , I was so impressed with the personal note in the comments that I went ahead and paid for a months trial of premium that I have been on the fence for awhile about .
Just reading the comments makes me already glad for the purchase .
Smasher
Phil
Thank you very much , I appreciate your help and wisdom .
CdsdpDean
That was a quick double on the DIA calls .
trailing stop in place .
Kwan
I have been here for 8 yrs , and find it the best service out there .
There are more eyes on the market in this forum than anywhere , and opinions abound .
So , relax , and let the group help you out .
Pharmboy
Well I want to thank P. Davis for his style and for the fact that he affirmed my thoughts for a correction .
He was right and his confirmation of my bias saved me thousands .
Mr. Davis is amoral when it comes to money .
He realizes the poor are screwed but we must fight to win .
A measure of sarcasm and dark humour and it is great reading .
100 % right on the correction .
Chaffey
Newer member here , but just wanted to say thank you too .
I 've learned so much and I hope you 'll be around for a long time helping us learn along the way .
Where
Thanks
Phil another great week of guiding us !
Steven Parker
Phil : I am always able to figure out your trades , including the rational when put in the right context of previous comments , etc .
Keep doing what you 're doing .
It is much appreciated , and invaluable .
Your hit rate of successful trades has been very high in my 1.5 months as a member , but even more importantly is your teaching of how to repair and DD positions that have n't gone your way yet .
As with most members , we all have our ‘ pet ' trading interests , and learning how to think about trading is much more important than a specific trade , which could see the conditions behind it change an hour later .
This is the classic case , of ‘ Teach us to Fish ' , rather than just giving us a fish once in a while .
Thank you !
Neverworkagain
Thanks
Phil for all you do .
I feel like I do n't read all the newsprint because when I check in with you I know I get the " real " scoop .
Your service is number Uno in my book for all the knowledge and teaching .
I ignored the aapl spin and am now enjoying some rewards .
Every AM
I get my Phil fix and throughout the day any important links .
Mucho gracias .
It leaves me time for my volunteer work besides the investing .
Pirateinvestor
Very nice in and out on those USO puts again , easy way to get the subscription covered in just a couple of hours .
Thanks again Phil and everyone here contributing to such intelligent and informative discussion !
I have wasted countless hours reading " professional newsletters " and message board blather over the years .
Have learned a great deal here in a very short time .
I have sent out a number of invites to friends and family for stockworld !
Eyezz
There are a lot of us that have been here a long time and we all learn something everyday .
Just keep asking questions , there are a lot of smart people here and they are willing to help and then of course , you have Phil .
Jr Mints
I love it when a trade really comes together .
After 4 DD's and a roll , I cashed out 16 times my initial position in TLT today for a 140 % gain .
Thank you Phil for the lessons in scaling in , and paying for position .
2Can
Hey Phil --
I want to thank you every chance I get for helping me to grow my previous portfolio to being profitable enough to pay off some debts my family had and left me with $ 1,000 left to use in the markets .
You should know that your premium membership is amazing on many levels ,
You and your readers offer a ton of economic and statistical analysis that I was able to use in my clerical level job in finance .
It 's a shame that someone as talented and honest as you is not on television each night providing a true service to the investing public and not the clowns and hucksters that are talking up their books to dump on retail investors .
Sorry for the long post .
I had to say something to you that I never thought I would have the opportunity to .
You helped put my family in an almost debt - free life through the stock and option plays that I made during my time as a customer of your service and that has made us very happy .
You are a good man and I wish you and your family many years of joy and happiness .
I wish I could do ads for you !
DaveJ
Your discussion during your web seminar on SPX and SDS today was great .
It really let me see how you look at the numbers and use the 5 % rule to see where inflection points occur and what the bands look like .
This was incredibly helpful .
I actually sold out of my small short position at a good profit ( which was more a bet on a short term fluctuation rather than a hedge after listening to you ) and will look more deeply at my portfolio and how to hedge it .
In addition your view on hedging was also very helpful looking at the leverage you can get w/ a small spread , and protect portfolio against a big move against me .
Thank you for your sharing this .
Very helpful .
Batman
Aapl / Phil
Thanks for your advice , always appreciated .
So , not so much a tax issue , but more to protect against a 5 % or greater drop .
Here is what I did before their earnings … sold 25 % of my stock at 147.50 Against the rest , I sold the June $ 140 calls for $ 8.25 , protecting down to $ 140 if needed .
And just for fun , I bought the weekly $ 145 puts for $ 1.50 ( small price to pay if they bombed on earnings )
So , overall , I am happy with the insurance I was able to ' generate ' for 1 % of the price of stock .
Now , depending on what happens , I have the luxury of deciding and being in the driver 's seat with respect to whether to sell and buy your spreads or not .
Having done all that meandering , I must say it was fun !
More important , I could not have done something like that 2 or 3 years ago and reading and thinking about your teachings has been a tremendous asset .
Thanks !
Maya1
Here I have learned and look differently at things .
Over the years being with PSW I have first of all learned and gained in knowledge of trading .
This to me is one of the biggest gains .
I still remember the play on Caesar Palace , paid my trip to Atlanta !
Yodi
Phil : Thank You !
Scaling , Scaling , and Scaling … then patience , patience , patience I'm 2 to 1 short and even on a day the broad market is up I had my largest one day gain in years .
The last 6 weeks in fact have been great .
I really feel I 've learned to use some tools that will enable me to deal with the turbulence ahead .
Selling short calls is definitely my preferred approach .
Even allowed me to play golf this afternoon while the premium melted away and shoot a career low round .
I owe you man !
Lincoln
I 'm just starting my second year as a member , and I 'd like to thank all of you for sharing your trading ideas and insight , and especially Phil of course for great all - around investing advice as well as trades !
In addition to learning patience and profit - taking , I think one of the most important things I 'm learning here is to stick to stocks and trades that suit my temperament .
And wow , I had NO idea how hard it was to learn patience .
I should say " practice " instead of " learn " , because it seems to be a constant struggle .
Phil , please keep reminding us how nice CASH is !
Jerseyside
Hey Phil ,
You called all the trends and market movements with perfection this week .
I enjoyed it !
Thanks for keeping us sane !
GClay
Thx Phil . Lightly moving in the bullish direction .
Took PFE for $ 14.35 and sold the Jan 11 C/P for $ 2.85 giving me a net entry below Mar 09 low .
And I bought back those calls on BTU and JPM I asked about the other day and am leaving them uncovered for now , so feeling better .
Still just learning the rhythm .
In the three months I have been using your system , my little portfolio is up 9.9 % , so not only am I learning , but I am APPLYING that knowledge , and it 's paying off .
Thanks .
Hoss
Phil / thankyou .
Phil , I went over the recording of last weeks webinar .
I liked it a lot and wanted to thank you .
I thought the case studies ( company reviews ) were detailed , I learned more about selling puts process and also what happens if stock continues to go down after that , I liked the fact that we discuss so many different avenues like stocks , optiond , futures , oil , commodities etc …
I replayed portions of it multiple times to make sure I was grasping it but wanted to say good job .
Thanks …
Nramanuja
Thank God for Phil .
A few months ago ( April ) I didn´t even know what hedging was , and someone recommended I should check out some of Phil´s plays , especially on the retirement portfolio .
When I first started to read it , none of it made a blind bit of sense to me , but I stuck with it and gradually began to work through some of the trades to see how it worked .
Now I am putting on 5:1 SPY backspreads combined with bear put spreads , entering and leaving positions after consulting the VIX , and engaging in other esoteric maneuvers that are keeping my portfolio above water .
jmm1951
The world 's most popular portable drive now features more capacity than ever to store all the important memories of your digital life .
It also includes automatic , continuous backup and password protection .
How smart is that !
Store all your favorite videos , music , photos , and important files with the huge capacity of 1TB .
Still sleek and compact , you can load it up and take it with you anywhere .
Seeing is believing .
Visual backup displays your content in categories and shows the progress of your backup .
Relax , your data is secure .
Automatic , continuous backup will instantly make a second copy whenever you add or change a file .
Retrieve your valuable data to its original location whether you 've lost all your data or just overwritten an important file .
Extend your PC ’s storage capacity with the high performance hard drive today !
Not so great escape : Prisoner trying to flee has to be rescued after he is stuck in bars of cell
Published by onlines on January 3 , 2010
He was presumably hoping to kick of 2010 a free man on the run but it seems he forgot to meticulously plan his escape route .
Prisoner Roberto Carrillo attempted to flee his cell in a Mexican jail in Valle Hermoso on New Year ’s Eve .
The 42 - year - old tried to squeeze himself between the gap between the roof of the prison and the bars of his cell .
But instead of sneaking through , he ended up completely stuck and hanging upside down .
He was forced to call for help and laughing guards came to his aid and cut him free using a chain saw – before locking him up once again .
A source at the jail told The Sun : ‘ If he ’d had a brain , it could have been embarrassing . ’
Saloon bar oracles sit with their half - empty glasses and put the world to rights .
The British pub has long hosted the debates which answer every question : what to do about yobs , immigrants , bankers , queues , TV repeats , noisy neighbours and the weather ?
On one subject , the drinker counts himself particularly expert , of course - booze .
So , if the conversation at your local tonight comes round to the latest ideas on what we should do about the problems of alcohol , I have culled a few key points from the parliamentary report on the subject published today .
" Like the myth that the English have always been drunk , the contrast between English drunkenness and civilised Mediterranean habits may also be something of a myth , " the MPs report .
To back up their argument , they publish a graph which compares the level of death from chronic liver disease and cirrhosis in the UK with that in France , Italy and Spain .
What is revealed is how relatively small a problem alcohol - related deaths were in Britain in the early seventies when viewed against the carnage in southern Europe .
However , over the next three decades , the picture was transformed .
" While the wine drinking countries of Southern Europe always had historically very high levels of liver deaths from alcohol related cirrhosis , deaths in these countries have been dropping whereas UK deaths are still rising inexorably .
The UK finally overtook Spain , Italy and France for liver deaths in 2004 . "
The committee report publishes another graph which I find equally shocking .
It takes that story of rising deaths from alcohol - related liver disease and places it in the context of mortality rates for other diseases .
The story of alcohol in Britain has been one of what the MPs describe as a " massive increase " in the last fifty years .
I have used this graph before - but it does bear repeating , I think .
While beer consumption appears to have risen only a little , sales of wines and spirits have soared since the Second World War .
One consequence has been a very significant increase in the number of people dying from drink .
Today 's committee report puts it this way :
" The fact that alcohol has been enjoyed by humans since the dawn of civilization has tended to obscure the fact that it is also a toxic , dependence inducing teratogenic and carcinogenic drug to which more than three million people in the UK are addicted .
The ill effects of alcohol misuse affect the young and middle aged .
For men aged between 16 and 55 between 10 % and 27 % of deaths are alcohol related , for women the figures are 6 % and 15 % . "
What has caused us to take to the bottle in this dangerous way ?
Rather than simply ask health experts or politicians , the committee invites historians to try and put our change in drinking habit in context .
They identify two drivers : economics and culture .
They offer evidence of how cost and access effect consumption :
" ( T ) he 18th - Century gin craze was linked to the government 's encouragement of gin production and restriction of brandy imports ; the rise in consumption in the 19th Century was associated with rising living standards . "
However , that nose - dive in alcohol consumption you can see on the graph in 1914 was the result of " the most sustained attempt to come to grips with drink in British history " :
" Measures included shorter opening hours , higher duties on beer , and significant reductions in both the production and strength of beer .
The amount of beer consumed in 1918 was nearly half of the pre-war total , despite rising incomes , and arrests for drunkenness in England and Wales fell from 190,000 to 29,000 between 1913 and 1918 . "
The historians also point to important cultural effects .
One observed a decline in drinking in the late 19th Century and suggested that this was due to " many counter - attractions for working - class consumers ( music halls , football , cigarettes , and holidays ) " .
Despite the Depression , most workers saw real wages increase between the wars .
However , spending on alcohol remained stable , it was argued , " because drink had many rivals now : radios and gramophones , gardening , cinema and the pools " .
This argument does n't hold true for post - war Britain , however , where there are now more potential distractions from alcohol than ever .
The historians explained that drinking alcohol just became the fashionable thing to do .
In the 1940s , " young people preferred milk bars and coffee bars to pubs " , but booze became much more available with supermarket sales and a relaxed licensing regime .
A " drinking culture " developed , particularly among students , the committee was told .
The MPs put the theory to Varsity Leisure Group , owner of the " Carnage UK " brand which , they said , had become " unfairly or otherwise , a notorious example of a promoter of nightclub events for students " .
The company said that its events were " based around collective identity , meeting new people and having fun " , but admitted that " students are being immersed into a culture which is focussed around the culture of alcohol " .
Whatever the cause , the result is a country with a significant drink problem .
The figures quoted by the committee give the lie to the claim that alcohol is responsibly consumed by all but a minority .
Ten million adults drink more than the recommended limits and between them knock back 75 % of all alcohol consumed in the country .
More than two - and - a - half million adults ( 8 % of men and 6 % of women ) drink above the higher - risk levels - more than double the government 's daily guidelines .
So , if you pop into the boozer tonight and the oracle bemoans the proposal to try and outlaw cheap alcohol , you could quote today 's report which says this :
" It is not inevitable that per capita alcohol consumption should be almost three times higher than it was in the middle of the 20th Century or that liver disease should continue to rise .
Nor is it inevitable that at night town centres should be awash with drunks , vomit and disorder .
These changes have been fuelled by cheap booze , a liberal licensing regime and massive marketing budgets . "
That should get the debate flowing nicely .
By Theo Leggett
Business reporter , BBC World Service
A great deal has changed in Formula 1 since the 2009 championship roared into life at the Australian Grand Prix in March .
Formula 1 will never be the same again
It remains one of the wealthiest and most popular television sports in the world , a potent mixture of high - powered technology and high - rent commercialism .
But the economic downturn has had a profound effect , and that will be felt for years to come .
The most obvious change has been the departure of three big -name carmakers .
Honda sold its team before the 2009 season had even begun , and was followed out of the door a few months later by Toyota and BMW .
All three found themselves unable to continue investing hundreds of millions of dollars in top - level motorsport , at a time when the collapse of the car market had left them nursing heavy losses .
Their departure marked the end of an era for Formula 1 .
For the past decade , big carmakers have dominated the sport .
Mercedes , Toyota , Honda , Ferrari , Renault , BMW and Ford together made the series their own .
They lent the championship glamour , but they also pushed the cost of competing to extraordinary levels , as they tried to buy the success their directors demanded .
Colossal resources According to F1 consultants Formula Money , the big carmakers spent a remarkable $ 6.3 bn between them over the period 2005 - 2009 .
To put that figure into perspective , it 's nearly half the total $ 13.7 bn spent by car manufacturers on F1 in the entire 60 - year history of the sport .
It was bad news for the independent teams who had traditionally made up the bulk of the F1 grid , and who lacked such colossal financial resources .
They were left gasping in the slipstream of the manufacturers , struggling for survival .
Many within the sport were concerned that if the big carmakers pulled out , the future of F1 itself could be thrown into doubt .
Toyota was one of the three carmakers that left F1 in 2009 When Honda withdrew at the end of 2008 , motorsport 's governing body , the FIA , decided to act .
It tried to impose a strict budget cap on the teams , which would have reduced their expenditure to a mere fraction of current levels .
The scheme failed , because the teams would not accept it .
Instead , they signed up to a voluntary agreement aimed at reducing their spending to $ 80 - 100 m by 2012 .
That compares to the $ 363 m spent by Honda in 2007 alone .
The agreement came too late to prevent Toyota and BMW from following Honda out of the sport .
But it does appear to have encouraged Mercedes to increase its own involvement , by buying the Brawn team - the squad originally created by its rival Honda .
It may also have helped to keep Renault in Formula 1 .
The French firm recently sold a majority stake in its team to the investment firm Genii Capital , but for the moment at least , it will continue racing under the Renault brand .
But above all , it provided much - needed reassurance for the independent teams .
These teams rely on support from commercial sponsors and wealthy individuals .
But the downturn has had a severe impact on sponsorship revenues .
In 2009 , they were down 8 % on the year before .
New kids on the grid
The agreement means independent outfits can now hope to be reasonably competitive on a budget which , in the past , might have left them struggling at the back of the field .
But competition for sponsors will still be fierce , the more so as four new teams are due to join the series in 2010 .
Among them are the Malaysian - backed Lotus F1 team , run by AirAsia boss Tony Fernandes , and Virgin Racing , which is supported by the Virgin group .
Virgin has launched its own bid for F1 racing glory
If they make it to the grid , they should bring new blood and new backers to the sport .
But it is far from certain that all of them will be racing in 2010 .
Yet while the teams that compete in F1 are facing up to life in the current austere financial climate , the business that controls the series is looking healthier than ever .
The Formula One Group , which is run by Bernie Ecclestone and majority owned by private equity group CVC Capital Partners , has seen its revenues increase substantially .
It currently earns about $ 1.3 bn a year , from TV rights , trackside advertising and the fees paid by racetracks for the right to host a Grand Prix .
These revenue streams are largely insulated from the effects of the downturn - partly because they are based on contracts that last for many years and partly because many Grand Prix events , such as those in Singapore and Abu Dhabi , have substantial government backing .
Teams tamed
The withdrawal of the big carmakers has also played into CVC 's hands .
The company returns half of its revenues to the teams that compete in F1 .
The rest it keeps .
It badly needs the money to repay debts run up when it bought the rights to F1 .
Until recently , the teams were loudly demanding a bigger slice of the cake - putting intense pressure on Mr Ecclestone and CVC through their lobbying organisation , FOTA .
As a group , they had threatened to undermine F1 by leaving en masse to set up a rival championship .
But the departure of Honda , BMW and Toyota means that is no longer a realistic possibility .
The remaining teams simply do not have the financial muscle to set up and promote a new series .
So as F1 gears up for the 2010 season , one thing is abundantly clear .
Budgets may be much lower , the names of sponsors may be different and the big beasts of the car industry may have been replaced by unfamiliar names .
But whatever happens on the track , the business built up by Bernie Ecclestone remains a winner , in financial terms at least .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Today , the Bureau of Labor Statistics released December 's state - by - state unemployment data .
It is n't pretty .
Even though the national rate was unchanged last month , most states saw their unemployment rates worsen .
43 states and the District of Columbia saw their unemployment rates increase from November to December , many significantly .
This is a major change - in - direction from November 's good news , when 36 states saw their unemployment rates decline .
Let 's consider some of the highlights .
First , the good news .
There is n't much of it .
Four states saw their unemployment rates decline : Oklahoma ( 0.5 % ) , South Dakota ( 0.2 % ) , Iowa ( 0.1 % ) and Michigan ( 0.1 % ) .
Yes , Michigan was one of the four best states this month when considering the direction of unemployment .
Three other states had rates unchanged : California , Idaho and Minnesota .
Every other state saw its unemployment number increase , both in rate and nominal amount .
The biggest losers were Louisiana and Mississippi , both seeing their rate increase by 0.8 % .
Five more had a 0.7 % increase : Tennessee , Massachusetts , Connecticut , West Virginia and Nevada .
In fact , 33 states ( and DC ) had their rates increase by at least 0.3 % .
As far as number of lost / gained jobs , California was the best , with its unemployed workers declining by 18,300 .
Michigan was second best , with 11,400 fewer unemployed .
It 's nice to see those two states at the positive end of the spectrum .
The most jobs were lost by New York , which saw 36,400 more jobless .
Texas was second - worst , losing 28,700 jobs .
Florida followed with 23,500 more unemployed .
Massachusetts and Tennessee round out the bottom five , each losing about 21,000 jobs .
The best state in the nation for employment remains North Dakota with a microscopic 4.4 % unemployment rate , though the rate did increase by 0.3 % in December .
South Dakota and Nebraska were tied for second with 4.7 % unemployment .
The worst state is still Michigan , despite its positive month , at 14.6 % unemployment .
Nevada and Rhode Island are nearly tied for second at 13.0 % and 12.9 % unemployment , respectively .
South Carolina , California and DC are the other states with over 12 % unemployment .
If you like you data in pictures , here 's the usual map showing unemployment by state , via BLS :
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Tags
A few days ago , the Fed announced that it had " earned " a record - high amount of money in 2009 .
Then it turned $ 46 billion over to the Treasury .
Here we are in the midst of a serious recession , with the unemployment rate high , the housing market still in a slump , and the stock market making only small steps toward recovery .
In this climate , the Fed is making profits .
That 's impressive , is n't it ?
Unfortunately , the Fed 's huge earnings are a signal that the economy is still in terrible shape and that its condition is worsening .
Let us take a closer look at the Federal Reserve 's balance sheets , at least to the extent that they are available to us .
One year before reaching their record - high profits , the Fed 's assets consisted of nearly $ 500 billion in government assets .
These consisted of Treasury bonds and assets issued by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , the two giants of the real - estate market whose solvency is guaranteed by the federal government .
Since Fannie and Freddy are currently owned by the state , their assets should be treated as state securities .
During 2009 , the Fed was engaged in aggressive interventions in the financial markets ; through various operations , it increased the amount of state assets in its possession to $ 1.8 trillion .
The amount of government assets on the Fed 's balance sheet more than tripled .
With this huge increase in assets held , $ 46 billion is merely a 2.5 percent return , which was provided directly by the government .
Therefore , the Fed 's so - called " profits " are not a sign of the coming of a great revival for economy .
They rather mean that a " Keynesian trick " has hid the decline in economic welfare .
This trick is often referred to as a " policy mix " — a mixture of fiscal and monetary policies .
Here is how it works .
The newly elected President Obama increased the budget deficit to a record high .
The Treasuries for that debt are released to the " free market . "
At the same time , the Fed started its open - market operations , i.e. , printing money and buying public debt in order to put it on the balance sheet .
Then , when this debt approached maturity , the state paid the Fed for the issued debt ( instead of paying to the private investors ) .
But that is not all .
Contrary to the claims of some groups , the Fed is not a private bank : it cannot keep the profits earned from holding public debt .
Over 90 percent of the money that the Treasury pays the Fed goes … back to the Treasury .
Thus , the modern state receives earnings from printing money while giving a small fee to its financial intermediary .
" From the market point of view the Fed is a bankrupt institution . "
Here , in a nutshell , lies the whole mystery of the modern " print on demand " scheme .
There are no free lunches , but there are lunches being paid for by somebody else .
Some news agencies claim that the Fed 's profits show that taxpayers did not lose money as a result of the massive bailout programs .
However , the facts are that Fed earned the money through government securities .
When the government does pay the Fed in order to boost its " earnings , " the money safely returns to the government .
Thus , the government and the central bank can show profits ad infinitum by endlessly pouring money from the Treasury 's account to the Fed 's account and vice versa .
Or better yet , the Fed can pay the Treasury several times more by printing trillions of US dollars , buying companies on Wall Street , and achieving small dividends .
Thus , the so - called " profits " are not evidence that the US economy is doing well .
Far from it , these profits are proof that the printers are working long hours .
Moreover , the state took upon itself huge liabilities , which call into question the solvency of the entire American financial system .
It makes the hypothesis of a return of high inflation more probable ( although this scenario is currently still less likely than further " deflation " of the credit ) .
We should use this opportunity to touch upon a different problem , the accounting rules for the Federal Reserve .
Unlike most financial institutions , the Fed does not comply with the " mark to market " rule , the principle according to which , in case of assets losing their value , the books need to be revalued in order to reflect the market price .
If the securities issued by Fannie and Freddy and bought by the Fed suddenly declined in value by 50 percent , the Fed would not need to book the losses on these assets .
This mechanism makes the central bank not only a lender of last resort but also a market creator of last resort .
The question arises , what might happen if the Fed was faced with the need to resell the assets in order to increase interest rates or stop inflation .
Then we may find out that the Fed would not be able to sell these securities at the booked price .
To convince the private banks to buy them through open - market operations , it might need to reduce the price .
Then the Fed would have no other choice than to record the actual losses .
This could even result in the Fed reaching negative equity .
If it came to this , there are two possible scenarios .
In the first , the central bank would be recapitalized by the Treasury .
This would be an interesting scenario , in which the power to tax would support the power to print , not the other way around .
In the other scenario , since nothing precludes the Fed from having negative equity — it 's not a private company , traded on the stock market — there would be no consequences .
It might well continue its operations without any noticeable difference .
But would n't that mean a collapse of the dollar ?
The value of liabilities would be much higher than the value of assets , while the dollar would not even be covered by state - issued bonds .
In either case , one thing is certain : from the market point of view the Fed is a bankrupt institution .
History provides an example of a currency backed by a phony real - estate market : French assignats , which ended up being completely devalued .
The only thing keeping the Fed alive is the protective umbrella of the American state and its legal - tender laws .
This is not a parasitic relationship but a symbiotic one .
What remains to be seen is how strong this symbiotic bond is and how long it will take to succumb to unavoidable decay .
The Palinistas must be apoplectic at the moment .
That pesky mainstream media has finally exposed Sarah Palin as the dishonest , conniving , plain stupid , schizophrenic fool that she is .
And what better program to drive the stake into the blood - sucking former ex-quitting governor of Alaska than the award winning 60 Minutes and during prime - time to boot ?
Ouch , that is going to leave a very visible mark !
As everyone certainly knows by now , last night ’s show featured a segment during which former John McCain Campaign Manager Steve Schmidt simply eviscerated Palin .
It is always entertaining to watch Republicans eat their own , but this was particularly delicious because Schmidt actually had full insider access to Palin and her multiple idiosyncrasies for the entire time that she was part of the failed presidential ticket .
He witnessed her bewildering and perplexing behavior on a daily basis .
Consequently , he knows that portion of Palin ’s life better than any other person not related to her and possibly better than some of them also , too .
The segment also included unflattering revelations about Palin from the authors of the soon to be released ( and fact checked ) Game Change , Mark Halperin and John Heinemann .
So , where to begin ?
I know , let ’s start with Sarah Palin’s …
Lack Of Knowledge
Mark Halperin said that even after crash - course tutorials by campaign aides following the convention , Palin was still woefully uninformed about basic policy issues .
[ S ] he still did n’t really understand why there was a North Korea and a South Korea .
She was still regularly saying that Saddam Hussein had been behind 9/11 .
Steve Schmidt added that she hurt herself in the now - infamous interview with CBS ’s Katie Couric by not adequately preparing and letting herself be distracted by what the authors describe as an obsession about her political standing in Alaska .
Dishonesty
Steve Schmidt stated that Sarah Palin was dishonest as the GOP ’s vice - presidential nominee and that her untruths have done long - term damage to her public image .
More specifically , he said ,
There were numerous instances that she said things that were – that were not accurate that ultimately , the campaign had to deal with , and that opened the door to criticism that she was being untruthful and inaccurate .
And I think that is something that continues to this day . ”
Schmidt then referred to an Alaskan ethics complaint filed against Palin which held that she had improperly abused her powers as governor .
he said ,
She went out and said , you know , ‘ This report completely exonerates me , ’ ” Schmidt said .
“ And in fact , it – it did n’t .
You know it ’s the equivalent of saying down is up and up is down .
It was provably , demonstrably untrue .
Schmidt also said that Palin unsuccessfully lobbied the McCain campaign to state that her husband Todd was never a member of the Alaska Independence Party .
That political party has a platform plank that calls for the State of Alaska to secede from the United States .
The truth however , was that Todd was a registered member of that party for some years .
That alone shines a peculiar light upon Todd and the rest of the Palin ’s when they wear those “ If you do n’t like America … Then get the hell out ” t- shirts .
Dual Personality
Perhaps the strangest of all the revelations about Sarah Palin however , was that she had two distinct personalities .
Schmidt explained the two Palins as the bubbly , exuberant , self confident public person and the morose , glassy eyed , confused private person .
Schmidt referred to the second personality as “ the other Sarah ” .
Not exactly the type of level headed person fit for the office of Vice President of the United States .
Indeed , Halperin and Heinemann stated that top McCain campaign officials were prepared in the event that McCain won the election , to urge him to have Palin step down .
They felt that she was so ill prepared for the office that it was “ terrifying and unfathomable . ”
Palin ’s Response
As is her usual response , Sarah Palin refused to be interviewed for the 60 Minutes program .
That was to be expected however , when one considers how poorly she performs when questioned by true news outlets with unscripted questions .
After all , she has never appeared on any of the serious Sunday morning talking head programs such as Meet The Press , Face The Nation or This Week .
Please remember to click on the song link below to familiarize yourselves with the tune and to have more fun singing along with today ’s song parody .
I ’ve Just Seen A Face song link : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WbKxKs8Gg5M
I’VE JUST SEEN HER FACE
( sung to the Beatles song “ I ’ve Just Seen A Face ” )
I ’ve just seen her face ,
I ca n’t forget the time or place
I ’ll make a bet , she ’s trolling for a fee
Palin wants all the world to see her jet
Na na na na na na
Unemployed and without pay
She lives her life the Palin way
With winking eyes and beehive hair
She ’s an Alaskan “ Mama Bear ” alright !
Na na na na na na
Falling , yes Sarah ’s falling
And she ’s appalling to sober men
Sitting on her throne
With her intelligence on loan
The G.O.P. thinks she is out of sight
Their other girls were never quite like this
Na na na na na na
Crawling , an insect crawling
And she ’s appalling to sober men
( musical interlude )
Falling , yes Sarah ’s falling
And she ’s appalling to sober men
I ’ve just seen her face
To folks like me it ’s a disgrace
And better yet , I want the world to see
There is no place for Sarah P. , you bet
Na na na na na na
Crawling , an insect crawling
And she ’s appalling to sober men
Falling , yes Sarah ’s falling
And she ’s appalling to sober men
Oh , falling , yes Sarah ’s falling
And she ’s appalling to sober men
Australia Day Council chairman Adam Gilchrist says Australians are in danger of becoming obsessed with the " silly behaviour " of celebrities instead of admiring people of " substance " .
The former cricketer made his remarks at a celebration at a Parliament House gathering to mark the 50th anniversary of the Australian of the Year awards .
This year 's Australian of the Year will be announced later today , and last night dozens of past winners including author Tom Keneally and philanthropist Dick Smith gathered to mark the occasion .
Gilchrist said the awards gave the public the chance to admire the achievements of Australians from all walks of life .
" As our obsession with celebrity continues to grow , renown seems to come these days , for at least a few , from a few minutes of silly behaviour or even a funny clip on YouTube , and in that is perhaps not too much to admire , " he said .
" The Australian of the Year awards give us and , more importantly , our children , genuine role models of substance .
" Some of them already are big names and have high profiles , others are not so well known outside their field .
" In either case they are acknowledged not for how well we might know their names but for their sustained and enduring effort over many years to make Australia a much better place . "
This year 's winner will come from a field of finalists who are relatively unknown to most , such as human rights advocate Professor Patricia Easteal and tasmanian devil expert Bruce Englefield .
Environmentalist Jon Dee , filmmaker Warwick Thornton , Indigenous educator Chris Sarra , Alzheimer 's expert Professor Ralph Martins and charity founder and Bali bombing victim Julian Burton are also up for the award .
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd will announce the winner , who will take over from 2009 Australian of the Year Professor Mick Dodson , at a celebration this evening in Canberra .
Past Australians of the Year include Cathy Freeman , Paul Hogan , The Seekers and Manning Clark .
A former deckhand on a fishing boat featured on Discovery Channel ’s “ Deadliest Catch , ” a reality series about the dangerous fishing industry in the Bering Sea near Alaska , is being held in connection with three bank robberies , The Associated Press reported .
Police in East Peoria , Ill. , said they arrested Joshua Tel Warner , 23 , on Thursday after he was pulled over for a routine traffic stop .
A check found that he was being sought in conjunction with robberies in Eugene , Ore. , one in 2007 and two in 2009 .
Mr. Warner was being held on $ 30,000 bail in the Tazewell County Jail in Illinois .
Before being fired from the crew of the ship , the Wizard , Mr. Warner was a Dungeness crab fisherman on the Oregon coast and a wild - land firefighter .
A second suspect has been identified but would not be named until police got an arrest warrant .
The coroner said : “ It has not been possible to determine whether Millie died in the bath or the lake .
The most obvious assumption is that in trying to assist Millie with one of the experimental treatments by massaging her with oils in the bath somehow Millie drowned and was carried to the lake by her mother who perhaps realised the enormity of the accident which had just occurred and took her own life .
Me & my blog : Jessica Duchen
Early in 2004 , I began to hear rumblings of an extraordinary development in cyberspace : via a personal web space you could make your writing instantly visible to strangers all around the world .
I began surfing to investigate .
Five minutes later , by accident , I had my own blog .
I simply typed JESSICA DUCHEN'S CLASSICAL MUSIC BLOG .
It did n't take long to discover what worked and what did n't .
Extended pieces of grumbling about what Leopold Mozart really said on the subject of what 's now called vibrato did n't produce much effect , but pithy articles on current goings - on both musical and personal , and my experiences as a classical music writer with The Independent , went across with more bite .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
I had n't bargained , though , on the addiction of blogging .
It 's become part of the morning routine , a chance to take stock , tell stories , and spread news in a way that is informal , though hopefully no less strong for that .
I 've occasionally run " director 's cuts " of interviews , offering out - takes from chats with the likes of Magdalena Kozena and Angela Gheorghiu , or the behind - the - scenes saga of my recent trip to Berlin to meet Nigel Kennedy .
Very occasionally , it 's just a good way to let off steam .
And there 's the rapid - response unit : when a big story broke – the Joyce Hatto CD forgery scandal in 2007 , for example , or the sudden death of Richard Hickox – I got the details online in moments .
JDCMB became something of a focal point for reporting developments in the former , though the degree of obsession among some readers proved positively terrifying !
For quieter times , YouTube is invaluable for disseminating musical extracts .
I 'd long felt that classical music needed a different type of discourse .
Snobbery , exclusivity , ivory - tower obscurantism and so on had to be challenged , not to mention the misogyny , but without " dumbing down " ; therefore , I aimed for good , straightforward , readable writing , not too technical but never patronising .
Two freight trucks are driven on the Fisher freeway in Detroit , Michigan March 27 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Rebecca Cook
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The U.S. government on Tuesday banned hand - held “ texting ” by drivers of large commercial trucks and buses to avoid the danger of distracted driving .
Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said in a statement the prohibition takes effect immediately .
It follows a similar ban in December for drivers of federal government vehicles .
“ We want the drivers of big rigs and buses and those who share the roads with them to be safe , ” LaHood said .
“ This is an important safety step and we will be taking more to eliminate the threat of distracted driving . ”
The new ban carries fines of up to $ 2,750 .
Research by trucking regulators show that drivers take their eyes off the road for much of the time that they send and receive text messages , and they are significantly more at risk of getting into an accident than someone who is not texting .
The National Safety Council , a research and advocacy group , estimates that 200,000 crashes of all types on U.S. roads are caused by drivers who are “ texting . ”
Nearly two dozen U.S. states ban “ texting ” while driving for all motor vehicles and others are considering similar action .
Legislation has also been introduced in Congress to prohibit the practice .
Many U.S. companies also ban “ texting ” by their employees while driving on the job .
Merry Christmas from America 's Banks Editor ’s Note : As Republicans delay and Democrats divide , many of the urgent tasks of 2009 remain unfinished and seemingly unattainable , including reforms to the banking industry that might help rein in the excesses and prevent another plunge off the economic cliff .
In this guest essay , Michael Winship marvels at the arrogance of New York ’s big banks and the ineptitude of Washington ’s political process : Never mind Barack Obama 's Audacity of Hope .
It 's the audacity of the banks that takes your breath away .
Email
Printer friendly Mean old Mr. Potter in “ It 's a Wonderful Life ” seems like Father Christmas by comparison .
A recent report that Citigroup and Goldman Sachs may have received preferential treatment getting doses of the swine flu vaccine was enough to give Ebenezer Scrooge the yips .
Then came news that in order for us to get back the taxpayer bailout money we loaned them , Citigroup is receiving billions of dollars in tax breaks from the IRS .
And there 's a new study this week , " Rewarding Failure , " from the public interest group Public Citizen , revealing that in the years leading up to the financial meltdown , the CEO's of the 10 Wall Street giants that either collapsed or got huge amounts of TARP money were paid an average of $ 28.9 million dollars a year .
In 2007 , that amounted to 575 times the median income of an American family .
Now , thanks in part to the banks ' monumental malfeasance that led to our economic swan dive , food stamps are now being used to feed one in eight Americans , and a quarter of all the kids in this country .
A new poll from The New York Times and CBS News reports that more than half of our unemployed have borrowed money from friends and relatives and have cut back on medical treatment .
The Times wrote that , " Joblessness has wreaked financial and emotional havoc on the lives of many of those out of work ... causing major life changes , mental health issues and trouble maintaining even basic necessities . "
Yet according to the non-profit Americans for Financial Reform the reported $ 150 million that Wall Street is paying itself in compensation and bonuses this year would be enough to solve the budget crisis of every one of the fifty states or create millions of jobs or prevent all foreclosures for four years .
All of this wretched excess is occurring as more and more people can't afford a roof over their heads .
Foreclosures were up another five percent in the third quarter - 23 percent more than a year ago .
Fewer Americans are willing to buy foreclosed properties , and the Obama administration 's foreclosure prevention plan has been a bust so far - way too timid , critics say , and many of the banks wo n't play ball , refusing to negotiate in good faith with homeowners desperate to hold on .
We got a first hand look at the crisis this week , when thousands lined up at the Jacob Javits Convention Center just a few blocks from our Manhattan offices to attend a mortgage assistance event sponsored by the non-profit Neighborhood Assistance Corporation of America ( NACA ) .
So many showed up for this leg of the " Save the Dream Tour " that on many days , staff and volunteers stayed to help until one in the morning .
NACA has had success getting homeowners and banks together to work out a deal to prevent foreclosure .
But the big banks ' return to the government of the TARP bailout money with which we underwrote them over the last 14 months is a mixed blessing - great to have the cash returned so quickly , terrible because any leverage Washington held over the banks because of the loans virtually vanishes with the payback .
They 're back in the saddle and not inclined to be of much assistance helping anyone else out , especially those in mortgage trouble .
As Andrew Ross Sorkin of The New York Times wrote in the wake of President Obama 's Monday meeting with Wall Street 's top guns ( three of whom failed to show up because of airport delays ) , " Executive compensation , leverage limits and lending standards were all issues that Washington said it planned to change - and when the taxpayers were the shareholders of these firms , it probably could have done so .
“ But now the White House has been left in the position of extending invitations , rather than exercising its clout .
And in the figurative and literal sense , it is getting stood up . "
Afterwards , Obama said , " The problem is there 's a big gap between what I 'm hearing here in the White House and the activities of lobbyists on behalf of these institutions or associations of which they 're a member up on Capitol Hill . "
That 's putting it mildly .
This week , the American Bankers Association sent out an update and " call to action " memorandum crowing over its success watering down the bank reform bill that was approved by the House and urging its members to beat back similar legislation in the Senate .
Self - righteously , it concludes , " As one of your New Year 's resolutions , please vow to do everything in your power to show , and to have your colleagues in your bank show , your Senators the right path to true reform . "
It helps when the right path is paved with silver and gold .
As " Crossing Wall Street , " a November report from the Center for Responsive Politics notes , " The finance , insurance and real estate sector has given $ 2.3 billion to candidates , leadership PACs and party committees since 1989 , which eclipses every other sector ...
" The financial sector has also been a voracious lobbying force , spending an unprecedented $ 3.8 billion since 1998 , while sending an army of lobbyists to Capitol Hill to make its case .
That 's more money than any other sector has spent on influence peddling .
Not even the health care sector , which spun up a lobbying frenzy this year over health reform , has spent more . "
The banks are making a list and checking it twice .
And lest we forget , during his run for the White House , the finance sector filled Barack Obama 's stocking with $ 39.5 million dollars worth of campaign contributions , more than any other presidential candidate .
God bless us , every one !
Michael Winship is senior writer of the weekly public affairs program “ Bill Moyers Journal , ” which airs Friday night on PBS .
Check local airtimes or comment at The Moyers Blog at http://www.pbs.org/moyers.
Research support provided by producer William Brangham and associate producer Katia Maguire .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
Un grupo de cuatro sujetos prendi� con gasolina los veh�culos , que eran nuevos , y apenas ser�an entregados para su uso oficial
Tijuana , Baja California .- | Martes 01 de diciembre de 2009
Notimex | El Universal
10:48
It 's that time of year again .
At shopping centers everywhere , representatives from the Salvation Army , dressed in their paramilitary attire , ring their bells and aggressively invite your holiday donations .
And I always see people eagerly throwing money into their big red kettles .
I suspect that most of these generous individuals are n't aware of what their dollars are actually funding .
Last year I wrote a column titled " The Salvation Army 's red kettle of trouble " , in which I outlined the Salvation Army 's long and disturbing history of religious coercion , abuse , and intolerance .
An excerpt :
I have spoken with a number of people who have sought assistance from the Salvation Army in the past , particularly for disaster relief .
I was told of how these people were preached to and forced into praying with the Salvation Army folks to their Christian God as a prerequisite for receiving services .
If you 're Jewish , tough .
If you 're Hindu , tough .
Gotta pray their way , to their God , or else you 're not worthy of assistance .
It 's quid pro quo .
Gotta take advantage of people when they 're most vulnerable .
Contrast this with the secular Red Cross , which just wants to help disaster victims , not save their souls .
( In the interest of full disclosure , I personally received help from the Red Cross when my apartment building burned down in 2001 .
They were extremely helpful and compassionate , and expected nothing in return . )
As if the religious coercion is n't enough , the Salvation Army has also been implicated in a number of cases of alleged sexual abuse , ranging from molestation of child members of the Salvation Army 's Red Shield swim team in Seattle to pedophile rings that operated out of Salvation Army - run orphanages in Australia and New Zealand .
( Yes , they like to " spread the love " worldwide . )
The Salvation Army is also homophobic -- so much so that they would stop helping the poor if it meant they had to respect equal rights for gays and lesbians .
In 2004 , they threatened to close their soup kitchens in New York City rather than comply with the city 's legislation requiring firms to offer domestic partnership benefits to gay employees .
In the year since I wrote that piece , I have heard from several people who have shared their own negative experiences with the Salvation Army .
Their stories have reinforced -- and even worsened -- my own impressions of the organization .
A retired U.S. military officer contacted me after considering the Salvation Army for his charitable donations .
He wrote :
" I 'm glad I came upon your article about the Salvation Army .
I have been considering leaving my worldly goods to them because I thought they did nothing but good .
I had second thoughts when I was late in answering their charitable request .
I have since found many disturbing facts about the Salvation Army . "
A former Salvation Army volunteer from Canada shared his experience with some ethical issues :
" Everyone [ at the Salvation Army ] liked me , because I also went to the service on Sundays .
I am a believer in God.
After 4 weeks [ as a Salvation Army volunteer ] , I noticed whatever came in the back door for donation , for the poor , also left through the back door , and never reached the vulnerable or needy .
All the good stuff the volunteers took .
" I complained to one of the Salvation Army workers , That this should not be happening so close to Christmas .
I was told to keep quiet , because the Major and some of the volunteers had an understanding .
I was told to look the other way .
I tried to ignore it , but it became very hard , especially when a local business donated six big boxes of clothes and shoes for children .
All went missing .
" I complained again , and now I was labeled a troublemaker .
In the end , I was told to leave . "
But by far the most compelling response I got was from an anonymous emailer who contacted me through a Yahoo account , probably accessed via a public library or other community Internet resource .
This woman , who signed the email message simply as " Feeling helpless " , wrote :
" I am a homeless woman living at the Salvation Army women 's shelter .
Can you help me expose the Salvation Army ?
I have so much to tell you but I can not do it by email . "
Unfortunately , no other contact information was included , and my attempts at follow - up seem to have fallen through , but hopefully she received my suggestion that she contact the appropriate authorities and the local media for immediate help in exposing and addressing whatever issues she was facing .
This woman clearly needed more help than I alone can provide through my own writing and activism .
I hope that her situation has since improved .
The bottom line is this :
While the Salvation Army may have done some good work over the years in providing assistance to the poor , the addicted , and the marginalized , their methods and practices are not ones that I approve of .
There are many other nonprofit organizations out there that provide similar services in a more ethical manner .
And , if you 're a Christian , consider this :
The ironic thing about the Salvation Army 's practices is that they do all that while labeling themselves as " Christian " .
But think about it :
If Jesus were here today , he surely would not approve of their methods .
So please think twice before tossing your spare change into their red kettles of trouble .
Think about what you would be supporting with your hard - earned cash .
Happy holidays .
_______
About author Mary Shaw is a Philadelphia - based writer and activist , with a focus on politics , human rights , and social justice .
She is a former Philadelphia Area Coordinator for the Nobel - Prize - winning human rights group Amnesty International , and her views appear regularly in a variety of newspapers , magazines , and websites .
Note that the ideas expressed here are the author 's own , and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of Amnesty International or any other organization with which she may be associated .
E-mail : mary@maryshawonline.com
It was really just a matter of time .
The deep well of affection and respect around the world that Canada has drawn on for decades has been slowly poisoned by the Harper government ( and the Liberals immediately before it ) and the world is now taking serious notice .
In the words of the famous Yes Men ( who pulled off the brilliant hoax in Copenhagen ) : " We 've always kind of grown up looking up to Canada ...
We 've always thought that Canadians were such nice people and had much better policies than we did -- national health care and all that .
And this is just a real disappointment for us , energy policy and learning that Canadians ' carbon footprint per capita is higher than us . "
The Copenhagen conference may just be the final burden that brings us to critical mass , that qualitative leap where Canada is suddenly seen as a mean - spirited , disingenuous , and reactionary force in the family of nations .
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners Hurrah !
Tyee Reporter Katie Hyslop Celebrates 10 - Year Tyeeversary
She ’s covered education , youth and housing issues for a decade now , and we ’re lucky to have her .
Here are some of the most important image - busters in Canada 's foreign policy bag of nasty tricks .
Climate change .
This is obviously the biggie .
More than any other issue , it is truly global and the Harper government 's staggering arrogance makes Canada a rogue nation .
No other country is so contemptuous of the interests of the planet .
Not only does Stephen Harper think he is smarter than anyone in Canada , he thinks he is smarter than anyone , period .
Harper 's message : the rest of you are a pack of idiots .
As a result , even the U.S. Energy Secretary Steven Chu refused to agree to a photo op with Environment Minister Jim Prentice .
Asbestos .
It is the deadliest workplace substance in history , killing more workers in Canada than any other cause .
And the deaths are increasing every year .
Stephen Harper has explicitly declared himself the champion of Quebec asbestos and has dedicated himself to ensuring that asbestos is not declared a dangerous substance under the Rotterdam Convention .
Thousands of workers in developing countries will die as a result .
Canada challenged France 's ban on asbestos through the WTO and lost , making the French environmental law one of the few to survive such a challenge and reinforcing the science declaring asbestos a class one carcinogen .
Terminator seeds .
Terminator technology refers to seed genetically modified to produce sterile seeds that cannot be planted , forcing peasants around the world to purchase seeds every season .
Globally , farmers would lose hundreds of millions of dollars in income .
At the last meeting of the UN Convention on Biological Diversity in Curitiba , Brazil , Canada joined Australia and New Zealand in trying to undermine the protocol , calling for a " case by case risk assessment " of terminator seeds , with the intention of allowing the technology to be approved through existing legislation for genetically modified crops .
Canada and its partners failed in their efforts but not for lack of trying .
Not a single company in Canada has expressed an interest in pursuing this technology -- so Mr. Harper casually trashed Canada 's reputation for purely ideological reasons .
GMO food .
Canada is on the front line of forcing people around the world to eat genetically modified food .
It is using a big stick against Europeans .
A November 2006 World Trade Organization ruling found in favour of a complaint brought by the U.S. , Canada and Argentina that the EU had violated WTO rules through " undue delays " in approving genetically modified organisms .
This in spite of the fact that Europeans ' rejection of such foods has been growing over the 15 years that polls have been conducted .
Even previously supportive leaders like President Sarkozy of France and the EU 's environment commissioner have changed their mind citing new science .
The Afghan occupation and renewed militarism .
While Canada is not alone in the endless and brutal occupation of Afghanistan , it is seen around the world as one of the most aggressive supporters of U.S. policy in that country and the region .
Canada 's long reputation as an " honest broker " in global geo-politics , while never entirely accurate , has been severely damaged .
We are now seen not as a peacekeeper or peacemaker but as a killer of " scumbags " and a warrior state fighting the absurd American " war on terror . "
While there are more peacekeepers active in the world than ever before , we have a government that ridicules the very thing that gave Canada its humanitarian reputation .
Israel .
Related to the Afghan conflict , but also distinct from it , is Canada 's policy of providing Israel with a complete carte blanche to do literally anything it wants , including committing war crimes against the people of Gaza .
When Hamas was elected as the government of Gaza , Canada was the first to indicate it would not recognize it -- a travesty of our alleged support for democracy .
The invasion of Lebanon , over the kidnapping of two Israeli soldiers , witnessed the deliberate and massive destruction of infrastructure and attacks on civilian targets -- a strategy intended to turn Lebanese civilians against Hezbollah .
The ferocious bombing assault against a defenceless nation was described by Prime Minister Harper as a " measured response . "
The betrayal of Africa .
After decades of Canadian government commitment to African aid , the Harper government , virtually overnight and without even a pretense of an explanation , simply wrote Africa out of the picture .
Dropped from the list of recipient countries were eight African nations , including Rwanda , still recovering from genocide .
While conventional wisdom suggests that African aid has been ineffective , it was generally not true of Canadian programs , which really worked at helping lift people out of disease and poverty .
The Harper government has reconfigured aid to match Canada 's " interests " -- a quintessentially American approach -- and has shifted aid to Latin America ( Peru and Columbia , already the recipient of billions in aid from the U.S. ) and the Caribbean .
Latin America .
Just as many of the countries of Latin America are struggling successfully to overcome the dark period of neo-liberalism and IMF / World Bank restrictions on their national policies , Stephen Harper has expressed a " renewed " interest in the region .
The problem is that renewed interest is as a junior partner in American " manifest destiny . "
With the U.S. busy in Iraq and Afghanistan , Canada is offering a helping hand in re-establishing American and corporate dominance in the region .
Hostile to Cuba and Venezuela , and friendly to the right - wing regime in Columbia , the Canadian government has also gone along with the U.S. as the only other member of the OAS to recognize the fraudulently elected government of Honduras despite that country 's military coup , widespread human rights violations , media closures and its refusal to implement an agreement to reinstate ( even briefly ) the legitimate government of Manuel Zelaya .
Thus Canada eagerly aligns itself against Latin American nationalism , the most powerful force on the continent , as its first real engagement in the region .
China and human rights .
As a sop to his large anti-abortion constituency , Harper not only ignored China for the first four years of his government but openly snubbed the fastest growing world power .
To suggest that this was because Harper objected to China 's human rights record is laughable .
If so , it was the most ineffective intervention ever made .
While unstated , Harper was in reality giving a sign to his anti-abortion supporters that he would not cozy up to a country that performs more abortions than the rest of the world combined .
His phony concern about human rights in China just underlines his embarrassing absence on the issue literally everywhere else : Gaza , Lebanon , Burma , Honduras , Afghan detainees , the Sudan , etc .
There is hardly a region in the world where Canada has not exchanged its previous moderate , middle power role for one of aggressive , " interests - based " policies , joined at the hip with the terminally unpopular U.S.
One way or the other the Harper regime , in just four short years , has damaged Canada 's relationships with the EU , the Muslim world , the Middle East , Africa , Latin America and China .
Canada 's ugly new face
It is difficult to assess the international impact of each of these examples .
Canada rarely gets covered in the news and most people in Europe or other countries , developed and developing , may know little about these issues .
But eventually foreign policy reaches down to ordinary people around the world -- those moved by Israel 's occupation of the West Bank , those who want safe food for their kids , those aware of the appalling working conditions of workers in developing nations like India , the millions who are opposed to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and the hundreds of millions watching the climate change conference in Copenhagen .
We have been able for a long time to rest on our laurels because these issues do n't often overlap for most people .
But eventually it starts to break through the long - standing positive image of Canada .
And it breaks through with precisely the people who play a major role in determining the political culture and government policies of their respective countries .
These are the people who are the most engaged in their democracies , who influence their governments , who engage with civil society organizations and the media .
In short , the people who know are those who are in positions to spread the word about a new global phenomenon : the ugly Canadian .
A year later , after the Israeli attack on Gaza , I was able to examine the damage done to the small and heavily populated area , surrounded by an impenetrable wall , with its gates tightly controlled .
Knowing of the ability of Israeli forces , often using U.S. weapons , to strike targets with pinpoint accuracy , it was difficult to understand or explain the destruction of hospitals , schools , prisons , United Nations facilities , small factories and repair shops , agricultural processing plants and almost 40,000 homes .
The Goldstone committee examined closely the cause of deaths of the 1,387 Palestinians who perished , and the degree of damage to the various areas .
The conclusion was that the civilian areas were targeted and the devastation was deliberate .
Again , the criticism of Israel in the Goldstone report is justified .
He has called on the United States , Israel and others who dispute the accuracy of the report to conduct an independent investigation of their own .
Hamas leaders have announced that their investigation is under way , but Israel has rejected Judge Goldstone ’s request .
Putting this dispute aside , it is important to examine present circumstances and the need to prevent further suffering .
The rocket fire from Gaza is now being severely restrained , perhaps because of the certainty of Israeli retaliation , but the punishment of the 1.5 million Palestinian inhabitants of Gaza continues .
Now and for the past 10 months , Israel has not permitted cement , lumber , panes of glass , or other building materials to pass their entry points into Gaza .
Several hundred thousand homeless people suffered through last winter in a few tents , under plastic sheets , or huddled in caves dug into the debris of their former homes .
The weather was warmer when I was there several months later , but the description of suffering through the winter cold was heartbreaking .
Another winter is now approaching , and neither the Israelis nor the international community has taken steps to alleviate the Gazans ’ plight .
United Nations agencies and leaders in the European community have offered to provide an avenue of channeling funds and building materials directly to the people in need , completely bypassing the Hamas political leaders .
These officials , both in Gaza and in Damascus , have assured me that they would accept this arrangement .
It ’s not going swimmingly ( Image : Marc Giraud )
Zoologger is our new weekly column highlighting extraordinary animals – and occasionally other organisms – from around the world .
Species name : Prionailurus planiceps
Habitat : Wetlands and flood plains in Malaysia and neighbouring regions of south - east Asia
Advertisement
A cat with webbed feet ?
A cat that ’s happy to hang out in water ?
A stump - tailed , flat - headed cat that swims expertly and dines almost exclusively on fish ?
Such an animal exists – but it ’s on the last of its nine lives .
Only cloning might give it another .
Everyone knows that domestic cats hate water : readers who own one and have tried to give it a bath will be painfully aware of the fact .
But the flat - headed cat of south - east Asia throws what everyone knows out the window .
An enthusiastic swimmer , more like a feline otter than a cat , it has various adaptations to an aquatic lifestyle .
However , despite its frolicking nature this elusive animal is severely threatened by habitat loss .
Saving it from extinction might require a newly developed form of cloning .
Miaowing mystery
Although about the same size as the familiar domestic cat , flat - headed cats have short stumpy tails , and their eyes are strikingly large .
They split from the other seven major cat groups around 6 million years ago , but there have been few studies of them in the wild , and what we know about their behaviour is mostly guesswork based on their body design ( PDF ) .
Here ’s what is known or guessed .
As the name suggests , their heads are noticeably flattened compared with other cats – perhaps to streamline them for their life in the water .
The feet are partially webbed .
A relative , the fishing cat , also has part - webbed feet , but the flat - headed cat ’s are far more flipper - like .
In fact , when a kitten was captured in Malaysia some years ago , its keepers found that it would play for hours in a basin of water .
From what ’s been found in the stomachs of dead animals , it seems their diet was mainly fish , with the odd shellfish and frog thrown in .
Brave new kittens
Classified by the International Union for Conservation of Nature as “ endangered ” , extreme measures may be required to save it .
A new kind of cloning technology called intergeneric nuclear transfer could be the answer .
The technique works by taking a nucleus from a skin cell of the animal to be cloned and transferring it into an emptied egg cell of a different , commoner species .
African wild cats have been born after developing in the eggs and wombs of domestic cats , and it may be possible to grow water buffaloes using the eggs of cows .
The technique , currently being attempted by Thai geneticists , could allow flat - headed cats to be grown in the lab , without the need for a breeding pair .
Journal reference : Theriogenology , DOI : 10.1016/j.theriogenology.2009.09.001
A few months ago this song started popping up in my iTunes on shuffle mode , but I kept forgetting to go back to my computer and learn the name .
Thanks to Foster , I now know they 're Phoenix , the song 's " 1901 . "
STRETCHING the law on the disclosure of public documents has been a competitive sport among civil servants ever since the Freedom of Information ( FoI ) Act was passed in 2000 .
It requires public bodies to reveal information on request , but provides 23 get - outs , designed to protect secrets that ought to stay under wraps because they threaten national security , personal privacy and so on .
The rules are often interpreted in a creative way .
Now The Economist has discovered a contender for the most inventive interpretation to date .
After thinking about it for nearly two years and trying out various exemptions , the Home Office has refused to release a confidential assessment of its anti-drugs strategy requested by Transform , a pressure group .
The reason is that next March the National Audit Office ( NAO ) , a public - spending watchdog , is due to publish a report of its own on local efforts to combat drugs .
The Home Office says that to have two reports about drugs out at the same time might confuse the public , and for this reason it is going to keep its report under wraps .
This is believed to be the first time that a public body has openly refused to release information in order to manage the news better .
The department argues that releasing its internal analysis now “ risks misinterpretation of the findings of the [ NAO ] report ” , because its own analysis is from 2007 and predates the NAO 's findings .
The argument uses section 36 of the FOI act , which provides a broad exemption for information that could “ prejudice the effective conduct of public affairs ” .
The information commissioner , who polices the FOI act , declined to comment because the case was still open .
But his predecessor , Richard Thomas , who stepped down in June , questioned the novel defence .
“ Certainly my office was always quite sceptical of anything which said publishing information is going to confuse the public .
If that 's the case , normally you need to put out some extra material alongside it to provide adequate explanation .
It 's not a reason for withholding something . ”
Sir Alan Beith , the chairman of the parliamentary Justice Committee , which oversees the FOI act , was sharply critical of the Home Office 's excuse .
“ That 's really scraping the barrel .
On those grounds you would have to ban the various hospital reports that are coming out at the moment [ see article ] because the public are confused about that too .
It 's not an argument for censorship , it 's an argument for an even more open and clear debate . ”
The Home Office was making “ a quite ridiculous attempt to hide from freedom of information , ” he said .
The legality of the decision is also in doubt , after the department admitted that its refusal to release the document had not been approved by a minister , as is required by law .
A Home Office spokeswoman called it an “ administrative error ” .
Retrospective ministerial authorisation was being sought as The Economist went to press .
Legally or not , the Home Office will be able to hang on to its report for now because the FOI act takes so long to enforce .
The commissioner 's office is said to be ready to order the release of the report now .
If it does , the Home Office has 28 days to launch an appeal , which could take a year .
In the meantime , drugs policy will continue to be shaped — or not — by research that the public paid for but may not see .
What would your world look like if it were devastated by climate change ?
In the small , impoverished community of Gabura in Bangladesh , the concept of global warming , often only words on a screen or in a newspaper to us , is an all too bleak reality .
The inhabitants face danger from rising sea levels , devastation of crops and the increased likelihood of devastating cyclones .
Oxfam 's remarkable new online interactive documentary – Gabura , from daily life to disaster - launched in conjunction with the Guardian yesterday , allows you both to bear witness to the impact of climate change and to choose your own journey through the story .
We enable you to see vividly how livelihoods have been ruined , crops destroyed , and families torn apart .
To step into their shoes , and see where they go , how they live , and the hardships they suffer from the impact of climate change .
Why have we chosen this medium to talk about climate change ?
Because , ahead of crucial talks this December in Copenhagen , we need our message to get out there in as many different ways as possible .
We wanted to show some of the many stories about the devastating impact of climate change .
After all , it is the people in poorer communities whose voices are all too often drowned out in the drumbeat of reports , debates and summits .
There is Abdus , a farmer whose crops were lost after a bad harvest , who fears he cannot feed his family .
There is Hosne Ara Khatun , a young widow too traumatised to speak after her husband was mauled to death by a tiger , starved as its natural habitat has disappeared due to rising sea levels .
And there is the young father left to weep over the loss of his wife and young children after the community of Gabura was lashed by the devastation of cyclone Aila .
They may seem thousands of miles away , but their troubles are real , they are growing worse , and they could soon happen to us unless we take action now .
So while we show you – and allow you to choose – the images of devastation caused by climate change , we are also letting you know what you can do to stop the damage .
The UK is currently preparing for its biggest ever climate change demonstration in support of action against climate change , The Wave , on 5 December in London .
The march is one of scores of events by Oxfam and its partners ahead of the talks in Copenhagen , as we urge world leaders to forge a safe and fair climate deal to halt dangerous global warming and protect those most at risk , such as those living in Gabura .
By calling on our leaders to act on climate change this December , we help the people of Gabura , and we help ourselves .
• Barbara Stocking is the chief executive of Oxfam
In a rare ceremonial gesture reserved for major votes , senators cast their yeas and nays from their desks in the chamber , each one rising to voice his or her position .
Senator George V. Voinovich , Republican of Ohio , was not present and did not vote .
After the vote , Mr. Reid said he understood that Ms. Landrieu was already working with two other Democratic senators , Thomas R. Carper of Delaware and Charles E. Schumer of New York , to see if they could devise a public insurance plan with broad appeal .
The White House issued a statement praising the vote .
“ The President is gratified that the Senate has acted to begin consideration of health insurance reform legislation , ” his press secretary , Robert Gibbs , said , adding that President Obama “ looks forward to a thorough and productive debate . ”
Mrs. Lincoln , who faces a tough re-election campaign next year and has in recent weeks been the target of millions of dollars in television advertising by both sides in the health care fight , said pointedly that she would not vote for the measure if it retained a government - run health insurance plan , known as the public option , to compete with private insurers .
“ Although I do n’t agree with everything in this bill , I believe it is more important that we begin debate on how to improve the health care system for all Americans , ” said Mrs. Lincoln , who was the last uncommitted Democrat , and whose speech , at about 2:30 p.m. Saturday , lifted a cloud of suspense that had hovered around the Capitol .
She added : “ But let me be perfectly clear .
I am opposed to a new government - administered health care plan as a part of comprehensive health insurance reform , and I will not vote in favor of the proposal that has been introduced by leader Reid as it is written . ”
But Senator Lieberman , who voted to take up the health care bill , said he was still staunchly opposed to a government - run plan .
It is “ a terrible idea , ” he said .
Ms. Landrieu , whose support came after she won a provision that could be worth more than $ 100 million in additional federal aid for her financially troubled state , said , “ I have decided there are enough significant reforms and safeguards in this bill to move forward , but much more work needs to be done . ”
Hey everyone , I just pushed 30 of my projects to GitHub .
I realized that all the projects were scattered across my blog and there was no central repository .
So I took time to organize them , write documentation , and uploaded them to GitHub .
I did all of these projects for fun and to learn better programming .
You can't become a great programmer if you do n't program a lot .
The more you program , the more language idioms and constructs you 'll learn .
You 'll learn common patterns that occur frequently in programming and it will greatly improve your problem solving skills .
These were all relatively small projects and I think I am ready to move to the next level .
I have several larger ideas in mind that need to be turned into code .
I will post the updates to catonmat .
If you find any of my projects interesting , clone and start hacking .
You can also follow my profile at github .
Here they all are .
Enjoy !
1. Busy Beaver
Busy beaver is a computer science problem to finding the smallest Turing Machine that outputs the most data and eventually halts .
This project is an implementation of a Turing Machine in Python and C++ that runs the busy beavers .
It also comes with Turing Machine 's tape visualization tool written in Perl .
2. Feedburner Graph Generator
Current Feedburner statistics graphs do not look nice .
I wrote this Perl program to generate the nice graphs they had in 2008 .
3. CodingHorror Keyword Analyzer
This is a Perl program that parses public statcounter data for codinghorror.com blog and stores the search keywords in an SQLite database .
4. Adns
This is a tiny Python module that does asynchronous DNS resolution with adns library .
My benchmarks were 20,000 resolutions per minute on a 512 k bit /s connection .
5. Winamp Music Reporter Plugin
This is a Winamp plugin that reports to digitalpoint forums the tracks you are listening to .
Written in C and uses Winamp SDK .
The code can be modified to make it report to Facebook or Twitter , or anywhere you want .
6. Bithacks.h
Bithacks.h is a C header file that implements various bit operations .
7. Set Operations in Unix Shell
This is an implementation of 14 set operations by using only Unix utilities such as sort , uniq , diff , comm , cat , head , tail , awk , and others .
8. Hacker Top
Hacker top is a Unix top - like program written in Python for monitoring Hacker News from the console .
9. Reddit Top
Reddit top is a Unix top - like program written in Python for monitoring Reddit from the console .
10 . GNU Awk YouTube Downloader
This is a program written in GNU Awk that downloads YouTube videos .
It works well but please do n't take it too seriously .
It 's a proof of concept code , written to see what can be done with GNU Awk 's networking interface .
11 . VBScript YouTube Downloader
This is a program written in VBScript that downloads YouTube videos .
I wrote it because when I was a child , I did a lot of programming in Visual Basic and I wanted to remember what it was like .
12 . Perl One - Liner YouTube Downloader
This is a Perl one - liner that downloads YouTube videos .
I wrote it because I love Perl golf .
13 . YouTube Video Uploader
This is a YouTube video uploader that works without any APIs .
It just simulates what a browser would do and takes all the steps to post the video and set the video info .
Written in Perl .
14 . Plurk Translation Tool
This is a GreaseMonkey script that translates Plurks to English .
Plurk is like Twitter but more fun and organized .
Come be my friend on Plurk , my profile name is pkrumins .
Written in JavaScript .
15 . Command Line Plurker
Plurk from your command line .
Written in Perl .
16 . Find Plurks on Google
This program searches for plurks that were indexed by Google .
It outputs URLs to indexed pages .
It 's written in Python and uses my xgoogle library .
17 . Delete Plurks
This is a GreaseMonkey script that adds a " delete " button on individual plurk pages .
This way you can delete your or other people plurks ( if it 's your thread ) directly from the plurk page .
Written in JavaScript .
18 . Xgoogle
A Python library to Google services - Google Search , Google Sets , Google Translate and Sponsored Links .
19 . Reddit Media
The old Reddit Media website that I created in 2007 .
No longer maintained .
It was written in Perl .
20 . Reddit River
The old Reddit River website for mobile devices .
No longer maintained .
It was written in Python .
21 . Digpicz
This is the digpicz.com website that I created back in 2007 .
It got massive attention back then because Digg did n't have picture section then .
It was written in Perl .
22 . Picurls
Picurls.com is a picture aggregator much like popurls.com but for pics .
Currently down for maintenance , will be soon up again .
Written in PHP .
23 . Bash Vi Editing Mode Cheat Sheet
Bash has two input modes - emacs and vi .
This is vi input / editing mode keyboard shortcut cheat sheet .
24 . Bash Emacs Editing Mode Cheat Sheet
Bash has two input modes - emacs and vi .
This is emacs input / editing mode keyboard shortcut cheat sheet .
25 . Bash History Cheat Sheet
This is the bash history cheat sheet .
It summarizes everything there is to know about working efficiently with command line history in bash .
26 . Screen Cheat Sheet
This is the screen terminal emulator cheat sheet .
It lists the default keyboard shortcuts for working with screen .
27 . Perl Special Variable Cheat Sheet
This is Perl predefined variable cheat sheet .
It lists all the variables from < a href = " http://perldoc.perl.org/perlvar.html ">perldoc perlvar </a> with a concise description and some example usages .
I created it when I was mastering Perl .
I enjoy Perl golf and I wanted to know all of the variables .
28 . Perl pack / unpack and printf / sprintf Cheat Sheet
This is Perl pack / unpack / printf / sprintf cheat sheet .
The pack / unpack cheat sheet is on page one , and it lists the pack / unpack template parameters and what they do .
The printf / sprintf cheat sheet is on page two , and it lists the printf / sprintf format specifiers and format attributes .
I created this when I was mastering what could be done with pack / unpack .
I added printf / sprintf as I could never remember all the format specifiers .
29 . Awk Cheat Sheet
AWK programming language cheat sheet .
30 . Sed Cheat Sheet
This is sed cheat sheet .
Sed is the Unix stream editor .
If you do n't know it , you do n't know Unix .
31 . Ed Cheat Sheet
This is ed cheat sheet .
Ed is The Unix Text Editor .
One day when I was learning sed , I got interested if it originated from ed , which got me interested in ed itself .
I find that cheat sheets are a great way to learn new topics and therefore I created this cheat sheet .
32 . The New catonmat.net Website
I just started pushing code to the new catonmat. net repository .
It 's going to be a state of the art personal website from now on .
I have around 100 ideas for it , and the next big article series on catonmat is going to be " Designing the new catonmat .
net together with me . "
You should subscribe to my blog here if you are interested !
The New catonmat.net on GitHub .
Articles about designing the new catonmat coming soon .
If you have any questions , do n't hesitate to ask in the comments !
Those who oppose smoking in movies aimed at young people planned to step up their assault on the science - fiction epic “ Avatar ” on Tuesday with advertisements in Hollywood trade papers that accuse the film of providing the equivalent of $ 50 million in free tobacco advertising .
The full - page ads were scheduled to run in both The Hollywood Reporter and Daily Variety .
For every $ 100 million it earns at the box office , “ Avatar ” will “ deliver an estimated 40 million tobacco impressions to theater audiences , ” said the ads , referring to scenes involving a cigarette - smoking character played by Sigourney Weaver .
That estimate of the film ’s value to tobacco companies included anticipated home video sales .
To date , “ Avatar ” has taken in more than $ 1.3 billion at the worldwide box office .
In a statement last week , James Cameron , its director , took sharp issue with the notion that the movie advocates smoking simply because it portrays cigarette use .
The new advertisements were paid for by Smoke Free Movies , a campaign supervised by Stanton A. Glantz , director of the Center for Tobacco Control Research and Education at the University of California , San Francisco , with backing from the American Legacy Foundation .
The foundation was established with money from a 1998 settlement of legal claims between tobacco companies and 46 states .
With the passage of this year 's California budget , the state 's leaders once more have put their fingers in the dike .
They have played their annual shell game - moving revenue sources around to fund or eliminate state and local services .
Each year , the Sacramento budget process gets more devious and obtuse .
The cuts approved by state representatives have been in the billions of dollars .
The impact is mind - boggling .
Programs for the poor , the vulnerable , the sick , the elderly and the young have been whacked by the Legislature and governor .
The government is not working ; the state of California needs to find a new way to do its business .
Is it possible to reshape the way California is governed ?
At a time of continuing unhappiness with the governor and Legislature , several groups have issued proposals that would redesign the financial structure of the state .
But now is the time to not only rethink the fiscal systems of California but to redesign how services are delivered .
California government was forever changed by 1978 's Proposition 13 , which restricted the growth of property taxes and required a two - thirds vote in the Legislature to pass any new taxes .
Cities and counties lost not only revenue but also fiscal control to the Legislature .
More recently , the governor usurped legislative power when he blue - penciled many programs important to local communities in this year 's budget .
Local governance no longer equals local control .
As an eight - year member of the Santa Barbara County Board of Supervisors , most of the complaints I heard from constituents involved service delivery : " When will my streets be repaired and my trees trimmed ?
Why are there not more police patrols ?
We need more parks and a cleaner ocean . "
The Public Policy Institute of California confirmed in a recent survey that 60 percent of adults are very concerned about local government services as a result of cuts in the state budget .
Here are areas that need to be considered in the reform movement and in any debate about governing the state :
Special districts
Special districts are a holy grail in California communities , but are they still needed ?
Many began when and where services did not exist .
Today , according to Peter Detwiler , staff director of the state Senate 's Local Government Committee , California has about 3,400 special districts .
Many counties have multiple water , sewer , fire and transportation districts .
Why not consolidate or annex them to local municipalities ?
The administrative savings alone would be worth millions to taxpayers , and more - efficient services would result .
Regional government
Counties have been the real losers in this last budget go - round .
They perform many of the same services that cities provide and also those that are mandated by the state : public and mental health , social services , tax collection , courts and probation .
Why not create regional forms of government that would reduce duplication ?
Counties can provide services that cover larger geographical areas , and cities can serve the day - to - day needs of their communities such as land - use planning , public works , building safety , parks and recreation , and police .
If cities are too small to provide their own police departments , they can contract with neighboring communities ; it is done frequently throughout the state .
Counties can contract with nearby cities to provide day - to - day municipal services for their own rural areas .
The elimination of some of these functions would result in huge savings to local governments and more streamlined delivery of services .
Any debate on this subject invariably will include the question of what model of government most allows the voices of a community to be heard .
Many large cities have neighborhood councils or planning bodies that allow constituents to connect to their elected officials .
A restructuring of cities and counties into regional governments need not negate access or lessen accountability to its citizens .
Consolidating services
California has 58 counties .
Each presents a laboratory of opportunities for reshaping government .
Santa Barbara County has a population of 405,000 and 10 fire protection agencies .
Services are provided by some of the cities , the county , special districts , and state and federal programs that include firefighting .
In some areas , training and communication systems have already been combined .
Small communities can be very protective of their fire departments , but a single consolidated fire service program could provide greater resources and increased service levels .
Why not unify all county fire programs into one area - wide agency ?
Santa Barbara County also could be an example for consolidated parks management .
The county is experienced in running parks and has staff and resources already in place .
Gaviota Beach , El Capitan , La Purissima and other state parks in the county were considered for closure in this year 's budget discussions .
The state could turn the management of these parks over to the county .
A transfer of ownership to local government would result in new parking and camping revenue for these jurisdictions that could cover costs .
In addition , decision - making would occur at the regional level , enabling parks departments to move quickly when service issues need to be resolved .
Clearly , redesigning local government in California would be like climbing Mount Everest .
We could begin the restructuring process by providing incentives to jurisdictions to negotiate those service realignments .
Increased financial return from the state and better services would provide strong motivation .
Every community is unique and requires different services , and there is no simple answer to the state 's complex problems .
But the debate that has begun to restructure California 's fiscal systems would have a greater chance to succeed if the citizens of California believed that it would also result in improved delivery of services .
Meal Planner Template Download printable Monthly or Weekly Meal Planner templates |
For a long time , my wife used a blank monthly calendar for planning our meals .
Because she is proficient with Excel , I decided to create a simple weekly meal planner application that would allow her to select from a list of meals and side dishes , and it got a thumbs up review .
So I went ahead and created a monthly version as well as a selection of printable meal and menu planners that you can download .
She also wrote up some meal planning tips , that I 've included below the downloads .
Advertisement
Description
This spreadsheet makes it easy to create and print your weekly meal plan .
The workbook includes all three layouts shown in the screenshots above as separate worksheet tabs .
In addition to listing meals , these planners include a place to list groceries and other notes .
Easily select meals from Excel drop down lists !
For each main dish , side dish , breakfast , and lunch entry , you can select an item from a drop - down list within the cell .
Easily customize your meal lists !
We all have our favorite foods , and it is a piece of cake ( no pun intended ) to edit the lists .
Update 4/4/2014 : I have updated the spreadsheet to work in Excel for iPad .
It would be nice to edit ( instead of just viewing ) on the iPhone , but the iPhone version of Excel does not yet have the in - cell drop - down feature .
Update 10/11/2013 :
The image shown in the main screenshot above is a new layout based on an idea provided by a helpful user named Karen , from New York .
Still using Excel 2003 ?
You can still download the Excel 2003 version using the link listed under " Other Versions . "
The images on the left are from the older Excel 2003 version .
Advertisement
Printable Meal and Menu Plans
If you just want a blank planner that you can print right away , then try one of the printable meal and menu planners listed below .
They are simply PDF files .
Monthly Menu Planner
Monthly Menu Planner ( .pdf )
Weekly Menu Planner
Weekly Menu Planner ( .pdf )
Description
This spreadsheet is great for longer - term planning .
It contains lists for main dishes and side dishes and has the same type of drop - down list selection as the weekly version .
If you prefer to write your meals out by hand , this template works well for printing blank monthly menu planners .
Important :
When you change the month , only the dates change .
The menu items stay the same .
So , if you want to store different menus for different months , you 'll need to create a copy of the Menu worksheet ( and rename it to Jan , Feb , etc . ) .
Description
This is a new version of the monthly menu planner .
It lets you list ingredients for each meal so that you can create a grocery list automatically .
It does unit conversions and includes a place to enter prices .
If you think this looks too complicated , you should have seen my first few attempts .
I received many requests and suggestions from people to add a grocery list capability to the monthly version .
I spent many many hours on this version , so please be very diplomatic in your expressions of disappointment or criticism . :-)
See below for instructions on how to print a condensed grocery list from the List worksheet .
Using the Meal Planning Templates
Both the weekly and monthly templates allow you to edit your lists of main dishes and side dishes .
The weekly version also includes lists for breakfast and lunch .
The screenshots below show how these lists are used to populate the drop - down boxes .
The items in the list like [ ==== CHICKEN ==== ] are used to make it easy to see the different categories as you are scrolling through the list .
Except for the version with the grocery list , you can make copies of the worksheet .
That will let you store multiple weekly or monthly meal plans within the same file .
Right - click on the Planner tab and select " Move or Copy " and select the " Create a Copy " checkbox .
I designed the lists to be as easy to edit .
You can delete and remove rows , sort , and do pretty much whatever you want as long as you do n't delete cell A1 .
Doing so will mess up the formula used to create the dynamic named range which populates the drop - down lists .
Printing a Grocery List :
When using the " Menu Planner with Grocery List " template , instead of printing all 3 + pages in the List worksheet , if you want to print a grocery list containing only the items you need , use the Filter feature .
Here 's how : First , select the Qty column , beginning with the label " Qty " and ending with the last line of the list .
Go to Data >
Filter to add a filter on this column .
Click on the little filter arrow and uncheck the " - " option to temporarily hide the unneeded rows .
Meal Planning Tips
My wife has graciously provided the following tips meal planning tips , including ideas for how to use the meal and menu planners .
Make a list of everything you like to cook or everything you have eaten in the last month .
This will give you a start on your list of meals and you can add to it when you find new things .
The planner gives you a starter list that you can add to or amend to fit your needs .
or everything you have eaten in the last month .
This will give you a start on your list of meals and you can add to it when you find new things .
The planner gives you a starter list that you can add to or amend to fit your needs .
Your meal plan can be reused from month to month or week to week .
You can make three months worth of planners and then rotate them throughout the year .
Or , at the end of the month or week , file the planner away until the next year .
Then , you can bring it out a year later and have something to work from .
I like this method , because then I can incorporate seasonal foods and my menus for July are distinctly different from the ones for December .
from month to month or week to week .
You can make three months worth of planners and then rotate them throughout the year .
Or , at the end of the month or week , file the planner away until the next year .
Then , you can bring it out a year later and have something to work from .
I like this method , because then I can incorporate seasonal foods and my menus for July are distinctly different from the ones for December .
Plan to use left - overs .
You can vary the sides or the appearance , but left - overs save time and money .
For example , BBQ chicken on Wednesday can become BBQ chicken pizza on Friday .
Or Meatballs can be used for Sweet and Sour and then later in the week for Hoagies .
You can serve Lemon Chicken twice , but the second time , serve it with potatoes instead of rice pilaf .
You can vary the sides or the appearance , but left - overs save time and money .
For example , BBQ chicken on Wednesday can become BBQ chicken pizza on Friday .
Or Meatballs can be used for Sweet and Sour and then later in the week for Hoagies .
You can serve Lemon Chicken twice , but the second time , serve it with potatoes instead of rice pilaf .
Add recipes that you want to try to your planner .
I am constantly printing or tearing out pages of new recipes , but if I do n't put them on my meal plan , I never make them .
to your planner .
I am constantly printing or tearing out pages of new recipes , but if I do n't put them on my meal plan , I never make them .
Put your menu plan where you will see it .
Save it on your desktop or print it out and put it on the fridge or the inside of a cupboard .
Save it on your desktop or print it out and put it on the fridge or the inside of a cupboard .
Be flexible .
If you order pizza , move the planned meal to the first week of the next month .
If you do n't feel like making Hamburgers , switch them with another night .
The purpose of a meal plan is to make the dinner decision time less agonizing and to help you with your grocery shopping .
If you order pizza , move the planned meal to the first week of the next month .
If you do n't feel like making Hamburgers , switch them with another night .
The purpose of a meal plan is to make the dinner decision time less agonizing and to help you with your grocery shopping .
Create a recipe file .
When you create your planner , spend some time collecting the recipes or write down the page numbers .
That way you do n’t spend all of your prep time searching for that fabulous recipe .
When you create your planner , spend some time collecting the recipes or write down the page numbers .
That way you do n’t spend all of your prep time searching for that fabulous recipe .
Involve your family .
Ask for suggestions from your family for meals they want to eat for the month .
There may be fewer complaints if they know they had a say in a few of the meals .
Other Meal Planning Resources
Daily Food Plan Tool at choosemyplate.gov -
This site provides a very handy tool that tells you how much of each food group you need on a daily basis .
- This site provides a very handy tool that tells you how much of each food group you need on a daily basis .
Family Meal Planning at healthyeating .org - A nice article by the Dairy Council of California .
Provides some tips for how to meal plan for your family .
Related Content
Tags
The Mises Institute is pleased to announce that the multimedia content on Mises.org — many thousands of hours of audio and video — is now available through iTunes U , a dedicated area within the iTunes Store ( www.itunes.com ) .
i Tunes U carries lectures from top academic minds on every topic , freely available , elegantly organized , and beautifully presented .
Users enjoy easy access to material ranging from ancient - language studies to particle physics .
All the rich - media content of Mises.org is now on iTunes U , alongside content from universities like MIT , Duke , Stanford , Cambridge , Princeton , and many museums and other major cultural institutions .
We are seeing the future of education : straight from great minds to individual users around the world .
With iTunes U , the entire body of scholarship accumulated in the minicivilization of Mises.org can enjoy the widest possible distribution .
We are on the cutting edge of user - friendly educational technology .
As more and more colleges experience digital media , many prestigious institutions have come to realize that universal distribution of their content is not a threat to their mission ; it is the very fulfillment of the educational ideal .
This is certainly the case with the Mises Institute , which is why the site has been made completely open source and completely free .
For me personally , the ever - growing audio archive was the gateway into the vast wealth of Mises.org .
I discovered the Austrian School almost a decade ago through Jeff Riggenbach 's reading of Economics in One Lesson by Henry Hazlitt .
When I finished that audiobook , I wanted more .
I found what I was looking for at Mises Media and filled my iPod and my driving time with economics and history .
Over the years , hundreds of appreciative emails and blog comments from fellow Mises.org listeners have let me know that I am among a vast multitude of Austrolibertarian audiophiles .
In the late Middle Ages , when the discipline of economics was just being formed within the monasteries , it could only be taught to a small elite , protected from the world by hallowed and forbidding walls .
This scarcity was never so much a policy as a limitation imposed by the state of technology .
The teachers themselves could not even dream of making the whole world their classroom .
Economists like Carl Menger , F.A. Hayek , and Ludwig von Mises were devoted to getting their ideas out .
They accepted as many travel invitations as possible in the hope of reaching new audiences .
Mises himself was particularly aware of the need to teach outside the academy .
Rothbard 's own desire to reach the multitudes — by writing for every possible venue — left us with an immense literary legacy .
Mises.org has taken the output of these great scholars and translated it into digital media .
Their seminars and speeches over the decades occurred in classrooms and lecture halls , but with digital media they now make the globe their lecture hall — and anyone can be their student .
Our tradition also includes powerful teachers like Robert LeFevre , who lectured tirelessly through the 1960s .
His lectures were preserved on tape and they have been hosted on Mises.org for several years .
Now these same lectures are made available on iTunes U next to those of Ivy League professors ( many of whom teach the opposite point of view ) .
When LeFevre established his Freedom School in Colorado , he could only teach those who made their way to the mountain resort he founded .
To quote Wikipedia ,
these commentaries have made their mark in the history of libertarian ideas for their clarity , eloquence , and pedagogical value .
Drawing on great thought from all ages , and specifically influenced by Rothbardian political economy , Robert LeFevre asks and answers fundamental questions about the relationship between man , property , society , and the state .
LeFevre died in 1986 without any knowledge that his lectures would someday become part of the global commons .
But today , thanks to the Mises Institute 's work with iTunes , a quick search brings up 50 full lectures that can be downloaded to an iPod for listening anywhere , anytime .
Murray Rothbard died in 1995 , just as web browsers were hitting the mainstream .
He might not have imagined this possibility of global , instant distribution .
But anyone who has listened to the hundreds of hours of audio on Mises.org can know for sure that Rothbard would be shouting for joy .
A quarter of a century earlier , he had taught economics in a dingy classroom at New York Polytechnic , with perhaps 20 people present — many of whom were not even taking the class for credit — but one of them had a tape recorder .
Despite the absence of a prestigious venue and promising students , Rothbard lectured with passion and rigor .
Today anyone in the world can take that entire course , taught by Rothbard himself .
This is not something he would have expected , but you can tell in his voice and manner that he knew these ideas could and would take flight in some way in the future .
This only scratches the surface of the thousands of hours that are available .
You can listen to the recently recorded Human Action or dozens of other audiobooks , as well as to lectures and presentations from nearly a decade of Mises University , the Austrian Scholars Conference , annual Supporters Summits , and Mises Circle events around the country .
And Mises Institute staff and volunteers are adding to the archive every day : the current record for daily uploads is 70 lectures in eight hours .
Achieving these results was a long and labor - intensive process — even leaving aside the centuries of intellectual work during which the ideas germinated .
Chad Parish , our director of media , and our webmaster , David Veksler , have been going nonstop since last October to prepare this debut .
But it has been a labor of love for all of us , including Doug French , president of the Mises Institute , who has encouraged and supported this venture , considering it essential to the future of liberty ; under his leadership , we have joined the highest ideals with the most advanced technology .
In every institution 's history , there are certain events that it can point to and call its landmarks .
This is one of them .
From the whole of the Mises staff to all our members and donors — thank you for supporting this project .
Last week the MPAA and RIAA submitted their comments in the FCC 's net neutrality proceeding .
As anticipated in EFF 's comments , the big media companies are pushing for a copyright loophole to net neutrality .
They want to be able to pressure ISPs to block , interfere with , or otherwise discriminate against your perfectly lawful activities in the course of implementing online copyright enforcement measures .
Of course , the MPAA and RIAA couch this in language intended to sound inoffensive .
The RIAA says " the perfect should not be the enemy of the good " and " justice often takes too long . "
The MPAA chimes in that " it is essential that government policies explicitly permit — and encourage — ISPs to work with content creators to utilize the best available tools and technologies to combat online content theft . "
But here 's how it would work in practice .
The proposed FCC net neutrality principles include a loophole for " reasonable network management , " which is defined to include " reasonable practices employed by a provider of broadband Internet access service to ... ( iii ) prevent the transfer of unlawful content ; or ( iv ) prevent the unlawful transfer of content . "
That means that so long as your ISP claims that it 's trying to prevent copyright infringement , it 's exempted from the net neutrality principles and can interfere with your ability to access lawful content , use lawful devices , run lawful applications , or access lawful services .
This is not about protecting copyright infringers — the FCC 's proposed net neutrality principles expressly do not apply to unlawful content or unlawful transmissions .
So you do n't need a " reasonable network management " loophole to go after illegal conduct .
The loophole that the RIAA and MPAA are after is about giving the green light to overbroad copyright enforcement measures that inflict collateral damage on innocent conduct .
The proposed copyright loophole is reminiscent of the RIAA 's response when asked about innocent people mistakenly sued for file sharing : " When you go fishing with a driftnet , sometimes you catch a dolphin . "
Unlike the MPAA and RIAA , EFF does n't think that ISPs should get a free pass for sideswiping innocent activities if they implement shoddy copyright enforcement systems .
And neither do Public Knowledge , the Consumer Electronics Association , CCIA , NetCoalition , or the Home Recording Rights Coalition .
Allowing ISPs to jeopardize perfectly legal activities in the name of " copyright enforcement " is a bad idea .
Let the FCC know that you oppose any copyright loophole that would allow the RIAA and MPAA to pressure ISPs into catching your " dolphins " in their poorly designed fishing nets .
Cartoonist Johnny Hart , who created the popular Stone Age comic strip “ B.C. ” and generated controversy in recent years with overtly religious themes reflecting his evangelical Christian beliefs , died Saturday , the day before Easter .
He was 76 .
Hart , who also collaborated with Brant Parker on the medieval comic strip “ The Wizard of Id , ” died of a stroke while working at his home studio in Nineveh , N.Y. , his wife , Bobby , told the Associated Press .
“ B.C. , ” a sparely drawn cartoon featuring prehistoric men , women and animals , has been syndicated since 1958 .
It is distributed to more than 1,300 newspapers worldwide , according to Creators Syndicate Inc. , and has an audience of more than 100 million .
The Times ran “ B.C. ” from 1968 until 2001 .
Hart began imparting Christian messages , especially at Christmas and Easter , in the 1980s , after experiencing a religious conversion .
Some Jewish , Muslim and secular readers complained to newspapers and to the syndicate , saying his views were offensive or inappropriate for the comics page and better suited for the op - ed pages .
Advertisement
But many Christian readers gave overwhelmingly positive reaction to his unapologetic statements , and free speech advocates spoke up for his right to express himself .
He did not hesitate to express his religious views in other forums , telling the Washington Post in a 1999 interview , “ Jews and Muslims who do n’t accept Jesus will burn in hell , ” and “ Homosexuality is the handiwork of Satan , ” and “ The end of the world is approaching , maybe by the year 2010 . ”
Several newspapers refused to publish individual cartoons on a case - by - case basis , but others stopped publishing “ B.C. ” altogether after his Easter 2001 cartoon drew substantial protests .
The panel depicted a menorah changing gradually into a cross , and the text included some of Jesus ’ last words during the Crucifixion .
The Times discontinued the strip one week before that cartoon appeared .
Advertisement
Critics called the cartoon divisive and outrageous .
Hart issued a statement apologizing for offending readers and added , “ I sincerely hope that this cartoon will generate increased interest in religious awareness . ”
This year ’s Easter cartoon also focused on Jesus ’ crucifixion .
“ B.C. ” is n’t the only cartoon to address religion .
“ Peanuts , ” “ The Family Circus ” and “ Dennis the Menace ” have sometimes featured biblical passages or church activities around major Christian holidays , but usually with a gently sentimental tone .
And many cartoons that aim for social or political commentary draw the ire of critics , most notably “ Doonesbury . ”
Advertisement
“ Comics have always been a vehicle for personal expression , ” Lucy Shelton Caswell , a professor and curator of Ohio State University ’s cartoon research library , told The Times in 2001 .
“ And they ’ve always ticked people off . ”
Less controversial was “ The Wizard of Id ” and its cast of characters set in a medieval castle .
Hart provided the text and Parker draws the pictures for the cartoon , which was launched in 1964 and appears in more than 1,000 newspapers worldwide .
The two artists met in 1950 , when Parker was working for the Binghamton Press in upstate New York and Hart was a high school student .
John Lewis Hart was born Feb. 18 , 1931 , in Endicott , N.Y .
After graduating from Union - Endicott High School in 1949 , Hart joined the Air Force and drew cartoons for Pacific Stars and Stripes , the military newspaper .
He met his wife in Georgia while he was still in the service , and they married in 1952 .
Advertisement
He left the Air Force in 1953 and sold his first freelance cartoon to the Saturday Evening Post .
While working in the art department at General Electric , he continued to sell cartoons to such magazines as Colliers and True before hitting it big with “ B.C. ” in 1958 .
The strip ’s episodes have been compiled in several books , and the cartoon was used for years to promote the B.C. Open professional golf tournament in upstate New York , which raises tens of thousands of dollars for local charities .
In addition to his wife , Hart is survived by two daughters .
Advertisement
Richard Newcombe , founder of Creators Syndicate , said Sunday that “ B.C. ” and “ The Wizard of Id ” will continue , with the aid of Hart ’s family and computer archives of his drawings .
claire.noland@latimes.com
Last month I wrote an essay about the future of evolution for Science .
I paid particularly close attention to what will happen to our own species , describing some recent research and ideas from scientists .
Natural selection will not stop , nor will the emergence of new , neutral mutations .
But this week , the evolutionary biologist Michael Lynch has published a provocative paper ( to mark his inauguration into the National Academy of Sciences ) in which he makes another kind of forecast .
Our future evolution , he warns , is going to lead to a devastating decline in our health .
The idea is not new .
Hermann Muller , who won the Nobel Prize for his work on mutations , first raised the specter of evolutionary decline in 1950 .
He pointed out that many mutations that arise in a population are harmful .
They can cause various diseases , cutting lives short or making it harder for organisms to reproduce .
Left to themselves , these mutations can drive down the reproductive rate of a population .
But their harmful effects can be balanced by natural selection .
If individuals with harmful mutations have fewer offspring than other individuals , the mutations become less common .
Overall , the population can continue to reproduce at a healthy rate .
As Lynch points out , Muller 's argument depended on the actual rate of mutations and other vital statistics that no one in the 1950s could know with much precision .
But in his new paper , Lynch surveys recent studies that make it possible to know the mutation rate quite well .
Lynch concludes that every gamete ( a sperm or egg ) acquires the following : -- 38 base - substitution mutations ( a single " letter " of DNA changes to another one ) .
-- 3 small insertions or deletions of a stretch of DNA -- 1 splicing mutation ( which changes the combination of segments of a gene that cells use to build proteins ) -- Plus some assorted other mutations ( gene duplications , insertions of DNA copied by transposable elements , and so on ) .
All told , Lynch estimates a total of 50 to 100 mutations .
Compared to other species , Lynch points out , we mutate a lot .
Any base in our DNA is twice as likely to mutate as a base in a fruit fly 's DNA , for example .
Part of our special burden is our long life .
As sperm divide rapidly during a man 's life , they pick up lots of new mutations .
We are also left prone to cancer , as our skin , intestines , and other tissues continue to divide and sometimes pick up new mutations .
A lot of the new mutations in every new baby are harmless .
But each baby may acquire a few harmful ones .
These mutations rarely cause a swift death .
Instead , in their totality , they slice off a tiny fraction of the total offspring an entire population can produce .
Lynch estimates that mutations to protein - coding DNA cause the fitness of a population to decline by 1 % .
That 's assuming natural selection does not favor other mutations over these harmful ones .
Lynch acknowledges that natural selection is still in effect in humans , particularly in places where people never see doctors , let alone get clean drinking water .
But as the world 's standard of living goes up , he argues , more and more people are being shielded from natural selection 's most intense effects -- and harmful mutations are piling up .
In a matter of a few centuries , Lynch predicts , industrialized societies may experience a huge increase in harmful genes --" with significant incapacitation at the morphological , physiological , and neurobiological levels , " he writes .
Battling this decline wo n't be easy , says Lynch .
Rather than a few big mutations causing the trouble , the decline will be brought about by a vast number of mutations , each with a very small effect .
The fantasies of selective breeding dreamed of by eugenicists are n't just loathesome -- they 're also useless .
Instead , Lynch argues for something that would make the eugenicists crazy .
" Ironically , the genetic future of mankind may reside predominantly in the gene pools of the least industrialized segments of society , " he writes .
Image : IU
A programming language is syntax and semantics .
Spend some time designing a programming language , implementing a parser and compiler , and working on a virtual machine , and you 'll discover that both syntax and semantics influence each other .
Even so , you can separate them .
Myriad syntax forms can produce the same semantics .
There are differences in expressivity , abstraction , and concision , but within the same language , you can support multiple syntactic forms ( even with differing semantics ) from the same set of low - level semantic primitives .
Even though the most effective way to develop a software project over the long term is to get feedback about the problems that users face in their own work and iterate through potential solutions to find the best approach , users tend to hate this kind of churn in the syntax of their programming languages .
Even if the semantics do n't change ( much or at all ) , especially at the low levels , rewriting for the sake of rewriting is an expensive exercise .
In the long term , better expressivity , maintainability , abstraction , and correctness may make change worth it , but who practices long - term thinking ?
There 's a lot of pressure to get things right the first time , even if what 's right does n't stay right for long , because there 's even more pressure to stick with what 's there because it 's there and it 's good enough .
Consider this in the context of The Replaceable Batteries of Your Standard Library and Replacing the Standard Library with Distributions .
Those posts discussed a language 's core library .
They could very well describe the core language itself .
The difference between a library and a language ( given a sufficiently expressive language ) is one of convention alone .
That convention is important ; it 's easier to convince people of library changes than language changes .
Of course , people believe it 's easier to change a library ( or provide an old version or a wrapper for backwards compatibility ) than to change the syntax of a programming language .
They may be right .
However , Perl 6 separates the grammar of the language from the rest of the language .
This is somewhat new for Perl , but nothing new in the world of programming languages .
Perl 6 also lets you create your own local grammar modifications .
The most important attribute of these modifications is lexical scoping .
You must declare which modifications you use , and they take effect only in the innermost lexical scope of that declaration .
Perl 6's grammar is a self - hosting grammar .
It 's written in itself .
Combine that with lexical scoping and a Perl 6 specification which includes the self - hosting grammar and puts a version number on it , and you have something special .
You can have multiple Perl 6 grammars co-existing in the same program .
You can have components written in Perl 6.0.0 , 6.0.1 , 6.1.0 , and 6.2.0 .
Yes , that could become a recipe for a maintenance disaster if you do n't encapsulate your code well .
It can also allow you to refactor your code to take advantage of new features and remove deprecated syntactic features component by component .
In other words , rather than Perl 6 defaulting only to those features which are supremely unlikely to conflict with features existing in the earliest releases of Perl 6 ( as is the case with Perl 5 ) , the language can evolve and change without leaving existing programs in the dust .
Add to that the policy that you must declare the specific version of the parser you wish to use -- and if you do n't declare a version , you get the most recent version available -- and Perl 6 can avoid some of the backwards compatibility concerns that have influenced Perl 5 development .
LEGASPI , Philippines ( Reuters ) -
The Philippines raised the alert level around the country ’s most active volcano on Sunday , warning of a possible hazardous eruption within days and extending a “ no - go zone ” up to 10 km ( 6 miles ) .
Lava continues to cascade further down the slopes of Mayon volcano in Legaspi city , about 500 km ( 311 miles ) south of Manila , December 20 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Stringer
Mayon Volcano , known for its near - perfect cone shape in the coconut - growing central Bicol region , has been spewing ash and burning mud and rocks since Monday , chief vulcanologist Renato Solidum said .
“ We raised the alert level to 4 ... meaning an eruption is within days , ” Solidum told Reuters after aerial inspection and other observations of the volcano showed increased activity in the past 24 hours .
Level 4 indicates an eruption is imminent and the maximum alert level of 5 means an eruption is underway , he said .
Solidum said more than 450 volcanic tremors were monitored in the past 12 hours and rumbling sounds had been heard at the base of the volcano .
More than 40,000 people -- about 85 percent of the population in the area -- have already been moved to temporary shelters , where food and water stations have been set up .
About 50,000 masks were distributed on Sunday to displaced people .
Joey Salceda , governor of Albay province where Mayon is located , said he had ordered the deployment of more troops around the expanded no - go zone to forcibly evacuate more people and to stop others who wanted to return to their homes and farms .
“ We ’re preparing to evacuate more people before the actual big eruption , ” Salceda told reporters .
The Philippines lies on the “ Ring of Fire , ” a belt of volcanoes circling the Pacific Ocean that is also prone to earthquakes .
Mayon is the most active of 22 volcanoes in the country , having erupted more than 50 times in the past four centuries .
The most destructive eruption was in February 1841 , when lava flows buried a town and killed 1,200 people .
The last time Mayon erupted was in 2006 .
Leno : ' We Should Have an Answer Tomorrow ' About Late - Night Mess NBC could pay O'Brien $ 40 million ; fans hold " I'm With CoCo " rallies .
Jan. 18 , 2010  -- Jay Leno put all kidding aside tonight and got serious for change .
Mired in a rancorous programming squabble with his network and fellow comedian Conan O'Brien , Leno announced on his prime - time talk show , " The Jay Leno Show , " that " we should have an answer tomorrow " about whether he is going to return to his former 11:35 p.m. " Tonight Show " time slot .
Leno also explained events that led to the situation from his standpoint and says he considered O'Brien -- who publicly rejected a proposal to host the show at a new , later time -- a " great guy . "
The former ( and apparently future ) " Tonight Show " host said he'd tried to avoid doing a show in prime time but was convinced by NBC that it could work .
Now , he said , four months later , because of problems with NBC 's affiliated stations and low ratings , network executives informed him they were canceling his show but " told me you 're still valuable . "
The network asked him to move back to 11:35 for a half - hour show , with O'Brien to follow at 12:05 with " The Tonight Show . "
Leno said he asked whether O'Brien would go along with this plan and was told that NBC was sure that he would .
Leno said he agreed to the change because he wanted to protect the jobs of his staff members .
According to Leno , the network learned that O'Brien would not accept the shift , but he said he does not blame O'Brien at all .
A source familiar with the contract negotiations told ABCNews.com that NBC will pay the flame - haired comedian an exit package between $ 30 and $ 40 million , while the rest of the " Tonight Show " staff -- many of whom moved from New York to Los Angeles after O'Brien left his " Late Night With Conan O'Brien " show to succeed Leno earlier this year -- would receive severance and contract buy - out packages .
Nailing down the staff 's severance packages has become a sticking point in the negotiations , which began last Wednesday , the source said .
Some staff members were nearing the ends of their contracts while others did n't have any contractual protections at the time NBC announced its late - night shake - up plan , the person said .
O'Brien 's team , the source said , " want to make sure everyone 's treated really well . "
The settlement could allow O'Brien to move to another network by the fall .
News Corp. , the owner of Fox , has been O'Brien 's most vocal suitor , though it 's uncertain where the host will ultimately settle .
O'Brien 's last show is expected to air this Friday , making this his final week .
Guests on tonight 's show will include director Martin Scorsese and actor Colin Firth , while Oscar - winner Tom Hanks is scheduled to appear Tuesday , along with actor Paul Bettany .
NBC 's late - night comedy line - up first took a dramatic turn earlier this month when , amid flagging ratings for " The Tonight Show " and " The Jay Leno Show , " NBC announced that it wanted to move Leno 's program to 11:35 and push O'Brien 's show back to 12:05 a.m .
Last week , O'Brien issued a statement rejecting the plan , saying the shift would " seriously damage what I consider to be the greatest franchise in the history of broadcasting . "
( For O'Brien 's full statement , click here . )
Despite lackluster ratings during his first seven months on the job , O'Brien has seen a groundswell of public support as the details of the scheduling negotiations emerged .
O'Brien fans in New York , Chicago , Los Angeles and Seattle held public demonstrations today to " show love " for O'Brien , whom many fans affectionately refer to as " CoCo . "
Rally organizer Mike Mitchell , the administrator of the Facebook group " I'm With COCO , " acknowledged in an interview with ABCNews.com that the demonstrations likely wo n't change NBC 's plans .
" I do n't think we 're going to change NBC 's stance on what they want to do with late night -- I think that 's already been inked , " he said .
" I think hopefully we 're going to show Conan 's got a huge following and we 're behind him no matter where he ends up . "
Conan O'Brien 's Support Strengthens
Mitchell , 27 , a Los Angeles - based freelance illustrator , quickly found himself close to the O'Brien controversy after he created a black , white and orange illustration of the comedian emblazoned with the " I'm With COCO " slogan .
The Facebook group has grown from 200 members to more than 315,000 in a matter of days , he said .
" Now is just a good time to support him because he 's kind of been put in a tough spot and people can relate to his situation , " he said .
" Everybody 's had a bad boss that has maybe put them in a position that they did n't want to be in . "
Mitchell said he has heard from members of O'Brien 's crew who have also voiced their support for the host .
" Everybody on the show has ' I 'm With CoCo ' avatar on Facebook , " Mitchell said , referring to his famous image .
" I know personally they want to follow Conan wherever he goes …
They love him and they respect him . "
O'Brien 's ratings , meanwhile , have surged last week as the host peppered his show with jokes at his network 's expense , at one point suggesting that NBC considered him such an idiot that he might be qualified to actually run the network .
His Friday ratings jumped 50 percent , and he also bested CBS ' David Letterman , according to a preliminary Nielsen Co. estimate .
O'Brien 's manager , Gavin Polone , told ABCNews.com that part of the reason O'Brien 's ratings were lower initially was because of the weak lead - in audience provided to him by Leno 's show .
On Friday , Polone said , O'Brien actually beat his predecessor , with " The Tonight Show " pulling in higher ratings than " The Jay Leno Show . "
" It 's pretty amazing since he's on at 11:35 and ( Leno's ) on at 10 , " Polone said .
Polone said viewers who initially who began tuning to see what O'Brien would say about the controversy ultimately decided they liked the show , helping drive the continued ratings surge .
" The ratings just kept building and building and building , " he said .
" If they did n't like his stuff , they would n't come back . "
Not everyone is in O'Brien 's corner .
Last week , Dick Ebersol , the chairman of NBC Universal Sports , told The New York Times that O'Brien has no one to blame for his fate besides himself and his disappointing performance and also criticized the host for mocking Leno .
He said it was " chicken - hearted and gutless " of the comedian to use his shows this week " to blame a guy you could n't beat in the ratings . "
Ebersol added that " what this is really all about is an astounding failure by Conan . "
With reports from The Associated Press .
“ I ’m not anti-immigrant , but their need to be employed does n’t mean they can cause chaos on our streets , ” said Mr. Venditto , a Republican who pointed out that he is the son of an immigrant .
“ My predisposition is for these people to get on the highway to citizenship ; in the meantime , the ordinance is a short - term solution . ”
Image Marchers protested a law they said prohibits “ waving while Latino . ” Credit ... Ruby Washington / The New York Times
Oyster Bay is hardly alone .
Some 1,500 local ordinances aimed at controlling an influx of illegal immigrants have been introduced in the last 10 years nationwide .
Several dozen were enacted and still stand ; one , in Riverside , N.J. , was repealed after the town noted that the exodus of immigrants had caused a significant dip in the local economy .
The latest trend is the federal 287 ( g ) program , an arrangement between the Homeland Security Department and municipalities to train the local police to function as immigration law enforcers .
Such partnerships are in place in 67 jurisdictions nationwide , including Danbury , Conn. , and Monmouth County , N.J. In New York , Suffolk County , on Long Island , and the villages of Brewster , in Putnam County , and Suffern , in Rockland County , have also expressed interest .
A 2008 study by a University of Minnesota professor noted that “ suburban immigrant populations now outnumber and are growing faster than their counterparts in major cities , ” and said many of these communities have responded with “ the implementation of ordinances and other local policies specifically designed to exclude illegal immigrants from their community . ”
Until recently , Oyster Bay had a track record of tolerance and even helpfulness to immigrants , including those here illegally , said Luz Torres , director of Centro Cultural Hispano de Oyster Bay .
There was disappointment over the town ’s refusal to post bilingual signs at its parks and railroad station , she said , but Mr. Venditto helped find classroom space for the center ’s English classes .
The good will eroded with the passage of the ordinance , which Ms. Torres refused to translate into Spanish for the town ( officials found a police officer to do it and have been handing out leaflets detailing the new law ) .
A four - lane highway from Wellington to Levin will near completion in a decade , but motorists may have to pay $ 3 to use Transmission Gully in order to get it built sooner .
The Government announced yesterday that it would spend up to $ 2.4 billion upgrading State Highway 1 from Levin to Wellington airport .
The unprecedented regional roading project will add four new sections of highway , including the $ 1.025 b Transmission Gully , probably funded in part by tolls .
A four - lane expressway will be built on the Kapiti Coast , bypasses built around Levin and Otaki , two new tunnels drilled beneath The Terrace and Mt Victoria in Wellington , and roads transformed around the Basin Reserve .
The entire project will be completed in three phases , with construction work to begin in three years .
Resource consents will be sought within 18 months and will be fast - tracked by the Government .
Once completed , the upgraded SH1 is expected to cut travel times by up to half an hour during peak times , and up to 23 minutes at other times .
But it will see at least 50 properties – and more than 25 homes – bulldozed and one council defied .
Transport Minister Steven Joyce said the project would create at least 650 jobs .
" I think we have a once - in - a - lifetime opportunity to build a fit - for - purpose highway connection between our capital city and points north .
I am very confident [ the projects will happen ] .
The stars have aligned . "
At least one part of the project is already proving divisive .
A plan to build a new " Sandhills Expressway " along the old Western Link Rd designation from McKays Crossing to Peka Peka has angered Kapiti Coast District Council , which says it will split communities .
" This will damage the district for ever , " Kapiti Mayor Jenny Rowan said .
In Wellington , tunnels beneath Mt Victoria and The Terrace will cost $ 217 m and $ 150 m respectively , and $ 36 m will be spent improving the Basin Reserve area .
The first project will probably be the opening up of shoulder lanes between Ngauranga and Aotea Quay during peak times , at a cost of $ 29 m .
Wellington Mayor Kerry Prendergast welcomed the massive roading project , despite having been cool on Transmission Gully in the past .
" This addresses our main concern , which had been that Transmission Gully should n't go ahead at the expense of improvements in Wellington , which would benefit many more people . "
The Ngauranga to Aotea Quay improvements and the Basin Reserve project would " benefit thousands of people every day and it is right that they are given priority status " .
Greater Wellington regional council chairwoman Fran Wilde said her council was committed to helping the new roads get built .
" For the first time we 've had an acknowledgement of the importance of this route . "
Porirua Mayor Jenny Brash said Transmission Gully would benefit the entire country .
" We 've been waiting for decades for this announcement to be made and it 's wonderful that it has now been confirmed . "
It is the first time the entire stretch of highway from Wellington Airport to Levin has been developed as one grand project , and the first time total funds have been allotted for Transmission Gully .
However , motorists will probably have to pay to use Transmission Gully .
Mr Joyce yesterday refused to speculate on how much motorists could be forced to pay to use the new 26 - kilometre stretch of highway , but told Parliament it was unlikely to exceed $ 5 a trip .
But after reports of high tolls Mr Joyce told Radio New Zealand this morning it would be between $ 2 and $ 3 .
That would make up about $ 200 million of the $ 1.2 billion cost of the gully route north out of Wellington , which is part of a plan for a four - lane highway from Wellington to Levin , costing $ 2.1b .
" Most of it would still be paid for out of the National Land Transport Fund , which comes from people 's petrol taxes and road user charges , " he said .
Work is expected to begin on the Gully in 2012 , with completion as early as 2018 .
However , tolling could shorten that timeframe .
- with NZPA
WHAT $ 2.4 BILLION BUYS YOU
Phase one :
* Sandhills Expressway , a four - lane highway from McKays Crossing to Peka Peka , $ 380 million to $ 500m .
* Peka Peka to Otaki , including adding two lanes and establishing an Otaki bypass , $ 215 m to $ 355 m .
* Basin Reserve , includes improvements to the highway to the north of the Basin and separating east and west traffic , $ 36 m .
* Ngauranga to Aotea Quay improvements , using shoulder lanes during peak hours to ease congestion , $ 29 m .
Phase two :
* Transmission Gully , between Linden and McKays Crossing , $ 1.025 billion .
Phase three :
* Doubling the number of lanes between Otaki and Levin , building a Levin bypass and more passing lanes north of Levin , $ 140 m .
* Wellington Airport to Mt Victoria Tunnel , $ 217 m .
Includes making Ruahine
St four lanes , installing traffic lights at Wellington Rd and building a second tunnel beneath Mt Victoria .
* Second Terrace Tunnel , $ 152 m .
Recently by Gary North : Monetary Unwinding and Secondary Recession
I am writing this to you on the outside possibility that in this , the world of six degrees of separation — also known as the Kevin Bacon game — someone will hand you a print - out of this letter and say , “ This guy is kind of weird , but maybe this could work . ”
Let ’s clear the deck from the beginning .
I am asking you to make some specific preparations .
Then , when you have your ducks in a row — and your trusty 12 - gauge shotgun is loaded — you will hold a press conference .
You will deliver a speech .
Here is my suggested draft of your speech .
Thank you all for coming .
Today , I make two pledges .
First , I promise to work very hard to avoid providing any more skit material for Tina Fey .
Second , I am not going to run for President .
Ever .
No matter what .
Let me tell you why .
I am going to host some tea parties — a whole lot of tea parties .
I never played tea party in my youth .
I preferred to go hunting .
Now I am going to play tea party and go hunting , too .
I will not be hunting moose .
I am after bigger game : incumbent politicians .
A few years back , I got into politics .
I got elected mayor of a small town .
Then I got elected governor in a very large state .
Not people big — geography big .
I am going to spend the next 25 years training overtaxed , over - regulated , politician - scoffed - at voters to do what I did .
I have just signed a contract with Fox News .
I have agreed not to run for any political office , ever .
I will therefore not come under any Federal Communications Commission rules governing equal time .
I am here for the long haul on this basis : no equal time .
I will get all of it unless I get fired .
Then I will do it on some cable channel or on YouTube .
My show will have one overriding theme : grassroots political mobilization .
Until there is a grass roots rebellion , county by county , nothing is going to change inside the Washington Beltway .
Congress never changes .
It just makes more promises it ca n’t fulfill .
It then spends more borrowed money , trying to fulfill old promises .
The Federal government is one giant Ponzi scheme of promises .
Over the next decade , the biggest of these promises will be broken .
Social Security will go bankrupt this year .
It now spends more money than Social Security taxes bring in .
It is quietly siphoning off billions of dollars a year out of the general fund .
Medicare went bust three years ago .
The FDIC , which insures the nation ’s banks , went bust last September .
Same solution : siphon off money from the general fund .
But the general fund went $ 1.4 trillion in the hole in 2009 .
It is expected to go another $ 1.3 trillion in the hole this year .
And on and on and on it goes ; where it stops , nobody knows .
There is no light at the end of this tunnel .
Meanwhile , the Federal Reserve System just keeps printing more money .
The biggest broken promise in America is the promise that the Federal Reserve gave back in 1913 — stable money .
The dollar ’s purchasing power is down by 95 % ever since the Federal Reserve opened its doors in 1914 .
There will not be reform at the top of the pyramid until there is a political earthquake at the bottom .
It ’s time for some tea parties .
Locally , taxes are up .
Crime is up .
Insecurity is up .
Government regulation of our families is up .
The main thing that is down is public high school test scores .
The public schools are a disaster and getting worse .
I am going to train people to take America back from the incumbent politicians .
The tea parties will be local .
They will be everywhere .
They will be a permanent fixture of the American scene .
I will do my bit to provide some training .
I have set up a new organization : County Rights , Incorporated .
The doctrine of states ’ rights is way too centralized for me .
We need determined voters to take back their counties as a first step to taking back their states .
I ’m not saying I wo n’t be talking about national politics and the disasters that Congress and the bureaucrats are overseeing .
But my focus will be clear : you ca n’t have a clean sweep of Washington until you control the broom .
The broom handle is in the counties .
There are 3141 counties in the United States .
Most of them are rural .
Most of them can be taken over by a dedicated hard core of voters who have an agenda .
I am going to help train voters who have this agenda : resist Washington .
This is a free country .
We are allowed as voters to shape politics .
I am going to help train those voters who are ready to re-shape politics , beginning in their counties .
That ’s not to say I ’m not in favor of training people to take over small towns .
I love small towns .
Most of all , politically speaking , I love small towns with low taxes .
I intend to help create a whole lot more of them .
You have heard the old saying , “ Support your local sheriff . ”
The sheriff is the armed law enforcement agent of the county government .
You had better get control the government that hires the local sheriff .
Then support him .
I am going to be on the road .
I will do my Fox News show , but I will be appearing all over the country on a regular basis .
I will not be running for anything .
I will be training people to run for everything : school boards , county commissions , everything .
When the officers of the Federal government come to town to tell folks what to do , they will be greeted by citizens who know their rights and who are willing to sue the Federal government for any violation of any of the ten amendments .
My favorite is the second amendment , but they are all great . . . and they are all being violated by Washington .
I am going to recruit local lawyers who will sue the Federal government .
I am going to recruit lawyers to train local citizens to sue the Federal government .
I am going to set up a YouTube channel for lawyers to train people to sue the Federal government .
I will have them create downloadable forms for suing the Federal government .
Why have just one local lawyer or local agency suing the Federal government ?
Why not hundreds of lawsuits , from everyone locally who has had his rights violated ?
Paper is cheap .
Toner is cheap .
Let ’s get those laser printers rolling !
We are going to raise Washington ’s cost of invading local counties .
We are going to meet the bureaucrats with legal resistance .
Before some Federal agency sends out a Federal Marshal to start telling a county what to do , it had better set aside a few million dollars of its annual budget to pay the legal fees .
This will be good news for lawyers on the staffs of those agencies .
It will be bad news for every other staffer .
I believe in the legal system .
I believe in using it .
While I ’m on the topic of the legal system , I plan to set up a program to train citizens in the rights of juries .
The jury system is the backbone of liberty in the United States .
When a jury declares “ not guilty , ” that ’s the end of the case .
The law against double jeopardy goes into effect .
Jurors need to know that they are sovereign inside the jury room .
No judge can tell them what to do or say .
No other government official has a right to be inside that room .
In that room , twelve citizens decide .
I am going to recruit lawyers to teach people their rights as jurors .
That will make a great YouTube channel .
I love YouTube .
The other video - hosting sites are great , too .
I will use more than one .
So will the specialists I recruit .
This is democracy in action inside a Constitutional republic .
We still have a Constitution .
We still have a republic .
Democracy has long been in a coma at the county level .
I think I can help awaken it .
But what about political liberals ?
Do n’t they have a say ?
You bet !
They get to compete , too .
The more , the merrier , I say .
But they had better compete first at the county level .
They had better decide that their liberties must be defended locally if these liberties are to be preserved from the grasping hand of Congress and the Washington bureaucracies , who are pushing this nation into bankruptcy .
Let the political competition begin . . . in the counties .
Maybe you want to know what my view of government is .
Government comes in four forms : self - government , family government , church government , and civil government .
By far , self - government is the most important .
Where it is absent , there is lawlessness .
In response , people have to spend more money and time on the other three .
When self - government declines , anarchy and tyranny increase .
I have a theory of civil government .
Civil government is about inflicting pain .
That is its whole purpose : to inflict pain on people who are convicted by a jury of their peers of having inflicted pain on others .
The day that civil government got into the happiness - producing business , it began inflicting pain on people who had not inflicted pain on others .
It began taxing people , not to protect them , but to pay off special - interest groups whose candidates won the last election .
Civil government started borrowing from Peter to pay Paul , and it has never stopped .
One of these days it will default on this debt .
Peter will get nothing , and Paul , now addicted to government money , will face a catastrophe .
I am dead set against any view of civil government that tries to make people good .
It ca n’t make anyone good .
Civil government is hard - pressed these days just to keep people from using violence and fraud against their neighbors .
A civil government that tries to do more than punishing violence and fraud will eventually wind up committing violence and fraud on a huge scale — way beyond what any local criminal syndicate can impose .
So , that ’s my message .
It can be summarized in five points , like the digits on your hand .
The crucial point is like your thumb .
It makes all the difference .
Self - government under God
The other four follow :
County rightsCut taxesResist WashingtonUse the courts
If you get invited to one of my tea parties , I sure hope you will attend .
And thanks , Tina , for all the great publicity .
Well , that ’s it .
If you do this , you will inflict more pain on the Washington political establishment than any other ex-governor , including Ronald Reagan .
This is what Washington fears most : grass - roots political mobilization .
That would threaten the concentration of power , the growth of the debt , and the permanent immunity of the Federal Reserve System more than anything else .
Conservatives for 40 years have talked about the need for grass - roots political mobilization , but they always set up money - raising operations inside the Beltway or across the county line .
Why ?
Because that ’s where the power is and therefore where the fundraising opportunities are .
What we need is the decentralization of power .
We need someone who has a national political reputation to mobilize voters and jurors at the county level .
Is this you ?
You may not want to appear too extreme .
If so , you wo n’t want to use my slogan : “ State ’s rights are for commies . ”
But it gets across my outlook .
On the 2010 bankruptcy of Social Security , click here .
On the 2009 bankruptcy of the FDIC , click here .
On the depreciation of the dollar since 1914 , click here .
On the size of the Federal debt , click here .
Three more items .
First , I wrote about my strategy for local politics 25 years ago .
I got it published 10 years ago .
It ’s called “ the dogcatcher strategy . ”
Just search Google .
Or click here .
Second , I own www.CountyRights.com.
I ’ll give it to you if you want to do something creative with it .
Third , I suggest a logo for you .
Every mass movement needs a logo .
Yours should be an empty lipstick tube .
On one side are these words :
Too many pigs
On the other side are these words :
Too much pork
Hand out one to everyone who comes to your press conferences .
Sell them at your tea parties .
Sell them on - line at www.TooManyPigs.com.
I own www.TooManyPigs.com.
You can have it , too .
Sincerely yours , Gary North
Gary North [ send him mail ] is the author of Mises on Money .
Visit http://www.garynorth.com.
He is also the author of a free 20 - volume series , An Economic Commentary on the Bible .
Copyright © 2010 Gary North
Photo by Alyssa Wozniak of LetsGoAmerks.com
Florida Panthers prospect Alexander Salak is not only an excellent goaltender but a great entertainer as well .
During the 2010 AHL All - Star Classic skills competition Alexander Salak attempted this between the legs glove save against Tyler Ennis of the Portland Pirates .
It was the only goal Salak allowed during the Breakaway Relay .
During the All - Star game itself Salak had another highlight moment when he caught the puck with his glove and rather than dump it over to a player he did a drop kick and sent the puck about 15 yards towards the blue line .
After the game I asked Salak about it and he said , " Maybe I 'll try it in a game sometime . "
Salak had another highlight moment when he made three great saves and as the crowd was acknowledging him he stood and waved back with his glove .
By of the
The state - authorized surcharge on electric bills to pay for district attorney salaries is now hitting utility bills of We Energies customers .
The Milwaukee utility is the last of the investor - owned utilities in the state to begin collecting the surcharge .
The increase took effect with bills processed on Thursday , utility spokesman Brian Manthey said .
For residential customers , the fee amounts to 47 cents a month .
The fee will drop to 26 cents a month for the fiscal year that starts in July .
Small businesses will pay $ 1.07 a month beginning now and 57 cents a month beginning in July .
Factories can expect to pay $ 29.53 a month starting this week , and $ 15.83 a month beginning in July , the utility said .
Wisconsin legislators included the surcharge among a host of fee increases aimed at helping balance the state budget .
Other fee increases include surcharges imposed on cell - phone bills .
Prosecutors are being paid from a fund originally designed to help poor people pay their utility bills and weatherize their homes .
The extra fee is the latest in a series of budget maneuvers that have redirected a total of $ 166 million from electricity ratepayers to non-energy - related state government purposes since 2002 .
We Energies will end up collecting about $ 8 million from its customers across the state over the next 19 months as its portion of the utility tax collection .
For several weeks ,
We Energies has included a message on its bills announcing that the " low - income assistance fee " it collects on behalf of the state is increasing , Manthey said .
" We are required to collect this fee and pass it directly to the State of Wisconsin , " the utility 's message to customers says .
" We do not earn any profit from this fee . "
Some utilities were more blunt in telling customers the exact reason for the fee .
Green Bay - based Wisconsin Public Service Corp. told customers about the fee for district attorney salaries in a colorful insert accompanying October bills .
Bob Jones , a community advocate who has criticized the district attorney surcharge , said legislators he 's talked to have heard from plenty of constituents about paying state taxes via their utility bill .
" I think people were very genuine that they were upset that the money was taken , and they were genuinely bothered and concerned that they were getting grief for it , " Jones said .
Although there 's agreement that utility bills should not be used to collect revenue for general state purposes in the future , Jones said the state 's structural deficit may prove so big that similar funding raids may take place again in 2011 .
" Our experience with this last budget cycle made me very skeptical and cynical about our ability to protect that , " he said .
Few places have deeper scars from violent invective and verbal incitement than this North Carolina city where people still speak in whispers , embarrassed by the events of Nov. 10 , 1898 .
Wilmington is tragic testament to the fact that social progress is not inevitable and that , left unchallenged , hateful speech and words frequently morph into violence .
Today , talk of an antigovernment revolution has gone mainstream in America .
One federal law - enforcement agency has discovered 50 new militia groups , including one made up of past and current police officers and soldiers .
While in office , President Bush was the target of roughly 3,000 death threats a year .
President Obama is on pace to quintuple that .
In this environment , Americans might well reflect on Wilmington 's experience 111 years ago .
In 1898 , this city was years ahead of the rest of the American South , building an inclusive , interracial political culture .
It had a burgeoning black middle class .
A new era of hope dawned in North Carolina .
But the losers in the 1896 elections , the white Democrats , sulked on the margins , threatened by political irrelevance .
Their sense of entitlement to governance had just been rejected by white progressives and black voters .
" Take back the state , " became their battle cry .
And they did just that .
On Nov. 9 , some Wilmington whites issued a White Declaration of Independence , proclaiming " that we will no longer be ruled ... by men of African origin . "
The next day , a vigilante group of armed supremacists forcibly removed the Republican city leaders ( both black and white ) from office , and took control , burning buildings and shooting blacks .
The official death toll was fewer than 20 , though African - American oral tradition claims the Cape Fear River was choked with hundreds of bodies .
There is no question that thousands of frightened blacks fled .
Neither President McKinley nor the governor of North Carolina ( both Republicans ) acted to stop or reverse what amounted to a coup and race riot .
Soon thereafter , Jim Crow laws undermined basic rights for blacks for the next half century .
One gets a sense of déjà vu listening to today 's right - wingers talk .
In March , Fox News host Glenn Beck said : " If this country starts to spiral out of control ... there will be parts of the country that will rise up . "
That 's what happened in Wil­ming­ton in 1898 .
Those who lost power in elections launched a coup marked by terror .
Such a revolutionary impulse resonates again .
This spring , covering an antitax " tea party " protest in Boston , Fox News Business anchor Cody Willard raged , " Guys , when are we going to wake up and start fighting the fascism that seems to be permeating this country ? "
The Rev. William J. Barber , president of the North Carolina NAACP , recalls similar sentiment on Southern billboards during the civil - rights era , " painting Martin Luther King as a communist , a socialist , and anti-American . "
As in 1898 , a prominent black American 's patriotism and legitimacy are questioned .
Today , the radical , reactionary right asks whether Obama is really an American citizen .
Mr. Barber warns of what he calls " a rebirth of dangerous rhetoric , " reminding us that " all forms of violence are preceded by violent language . "
Today , the hate barometer is climbing dangerously upward .
In August , Steven Anderson of the Faithful Word Baptist church of Tempe , Ariz. , told his congregants he prays for Obama 's death .
So , too , does the Rev. Wiley Drake in California .
The lesson is obvious :
Healthy language produces healthy communities .
Unhealthy language results in unhealthy communities .
" The 1898 Wilmington violence laid the foundation for a one - party state , driving a wedge between peoples for political ends , " says David Cecelski , a North Carolina historian .
" It strikes me as immoral . "
Wilmington still struggles with the legacy of these events more than a century later .
Generations of black children were condemned to third - rate educations .
Today , under the banner of " neighborhood schools , " the city , like other municipalities nationwide , faces subtle efforts to resegregate classrooms .
Perhaps the most tragic facet of white - hot rhetoric then and now is that democracy was betrayed ; and trust , the linchpin of democracy , was destroyed .
A year ago , Wilmington community leaders such as District Attorney Ben David helped launch a reconciliation campaign to restore interracial trust and move beyond blame and defensiveness toward healing .
It is a slow process .
Nationally , Americans need to have a similar conversation to avoid repeating the country 's painful racial history .
Today 's fire - eaters and right - wing bloggers might consider the long - term human and social damage inflicted on Wilmington by an earlier generation of alienated politicians .
Then they should tamp down their toxic brew of incitement , hateful language , and subtly disguised racism .
Walter Rodgers , a former senior international correspondent for CNN , writes a biweekly column for the Monitor 's weekly print edition .
Summary :
This is a hat trick .
About effective propaganda .
And climate science .
And more evidence that Wikipedia cannot be relied upon as an information source regarding controversial matters — or any work of importance .
( It ’s always useful as a first place to look and source of links . )
Contents
“ Wikipedia Is A Stunning Example Of How The Propaganda Machine Works “ , Lawrence Solomon , National Review ( reposted by CBS ) , 8 July 2008 “ Wikipedia ’s climate doctor “ , Lawrence Solomon , National Post , 19 December 2009 – “ How Wikipedia ’s green doctor rewrote 5,428 climate articles . ”
Update : an email reply by Wikipedia Editor Pierre Grés to Dennis Kuzara ’s complaint about bias of Wikipedia Administrator William Connolley , posted at Watts Up With That , 19 December 2009 ( see the actual Wikipedia file on this here ) :
“ In September 2009 , the Wikipedia Arbitration Committee revoked Mr. Connolley ’s administrator status after finding that he misused his administrative privileges while involved in a dispute unrelated to climate warming . ”
We ’ll learn much about Wikipedia ’s honesty by what happens now to the dozens of articles seriously distorted or outright suppressed by Connolley .
Is this a structural problem with Wikipedia , or just a bad apple in the barrel ?
Excerpts
(1) “ Wikipedia Is A Stunning Example Of How The Propaganda Machine Works “ , Lawrence Solomon , National Review , 8 July 2008
Ever wonder how Al Gore , the United Nations , and company continue to get away with their claim of a “ scientific consensus ” confirming their doomsday view of global warming ?
Look no farther than Wikipedia for a stunning example of how the global - warming propaganda machine works .
As you ( or your kids ) probably know , Wikipedia is now the most widely used and influential reference source on the Internet and therefore in the world , with more than 50 million unique visitors a month .
In theory Wikipedia is a “ people ’s encyclopedia ” written and edited by the people who read it – anyone with an Internet connection .
So on controversial topics , one might expect to see a broad range of opinion .
Not on global warming .
On global warming we get consensus , Gore - style : a consensus forged by censorship , intimidation , and deceit .
… Turns out that on Wikipedia some folks are more equal than others .
Kim Dabelstein Petersen is a Wikipedia “ editor ” who seems to devote a large part of his life to editing reams and reams of Wikipedia pages to pump the assertions of global - warming alarmists and deprecate or make disappear the arguments of skeptics .
I soon found others who had the same experience :
They would try to squeeze in any dissent , or even correct an obvious slander against a dissenter , and Petersen or some other censor would immediately snuff them out .
Now Petersen is merely a Wikipedia “ editor . ”
Holding the far more prestigious and powerful position of “ administrator ” is William Connolley .
Connolley is a software engineer and sometime climatologist ( he used to hold a job in the British Antarctic Survey ) , as well as a serial ( but so far unsuccessful ) office seeker for England ’s Green party .
And yet by virtue of his power at Wikipedia , Connolley , a ruthless enforcer of the doomsday consensus , may be the world ’s most influential person in the global warming debate after Al Gore .
Connolley routinely uses his editorial clout to tear down scientists of great accomplishment such as Fred Singer , the first director of the U.S. National Weather Satellite Service and a scientist with dazzling achievements .
Under Connolley ’s supervision , Wikipedia relentlessly smears Singer as a kook who believes in Martians and a hack in the pay of the oil industry .
Wikipedia is full of rules that editors are supposed to follow , and it has a code of civility .
Those rules and codes do n’t apply to Connolley , or to those he favors .
…
Trumping Wikipedia ’s stated rules , Connelly used his authority to ensure Wikipedia readers saw only what he wanted them to see .
Any reference , anywhere among Wikipedia ’s 2.5 million English - language pages , that casts doubt on the consequences of climate change will be bent to Connolley ’s bidding .
(2) “ Wikipedia ’s climate doctor “ , Lawrence Solomon , National Post , 19 December 2009 – “ How Wikipedia ’s green doctor rewrote 5,428 climate articles . ”
Excerpt :
The Climategate Emails describe how a small band of climatologists cooked the books to make the last century seem dangerously warm .
The emails also describe how the band plotted to rewrite history as well as science , particularly by eliminating the Medieval Warm Period , a 400 year period that began around 1000 AD .
The Climategate Emails reveal something else , too : the enlistment of the most widely read source of information in the world — Wikipedia — in the wholesale rewriting of this history .
…
Connolley took control of all things climate in the most used information source the world has ever known – Wikipedia .
Starting in February 2003 , just when opposition to the claims of the band members were beginning to gel , Connolley set to work on the Wikipedia site .
He rewrote Wikipedia ’s articles on global warming , on the greenhouse effect , on the instrumental temperature record , on the urban heat island , on climate models , on global cooling .
On Feb. 14 , he began to erase the Little Ice Age ; on Aug.11 , the Medieval Warm Period .
In October , he turned his attention to the hockey stick graph .
He rewrote articles on the politics of global warming and on the scientists who were skeptical of the band .
Richard Lindzen and Fred Singer , two of the world ’s most distinguished climate scientists , were among his early targets , followed by others that the band especially hated , such as Willie Soon and Sallie Baliunas of the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics , authorities on the Medieval Warm Period .
All told , Connolley created or rewrote 5,428 unique Wikipedia articles .
His control over Wikipedia was greater still , however , through the role he obtained at Wikipedia as a website administrator , which allowed him to act with virtual impunity .
When Connolley did n’t like the subject of a certain article , he removed it — more than 500 articles of various descriptions disappeared at his hand .
When he disapproved of the arguments that others were making , he often had them barred — over 2,000 Wikipedia contributors who ran afoul of him found themselves blocked from making further contributions .
Acolytes whose writing conformed to Connolley ’s global warming views , in contrast , were rewarded with Wikipedia ’s blessings .
In these ways , Connolley turned Wikipedia into the missionary wing of the global warming movement .
The Medieval Warm Period disappeared , as did criticism of the global warming orthodoxy .
With the release of the Climategate Emails , the disappearing trick has been exposed .
The glorious Medieval Warm Period will remain in the history books , perhaps with an asterisk to describe how a band of zealots once tried to make it disappear .
For more information from the FM site
To read other articles about these things , see the FM reference page on the right side menu bar .
Of esp relevance to this topic :
Reference pages about other topics appear on the right side menu bar , including About the FM website page .
Afterword
Please share your comments by posting below .
Per the FM site ’s Comment Policy , please make them brief ( 250 word max ) , civil and relevant to this post .
Or email me at fabmaximus at hotmail dot com ( note the spam - protected spelling ) .
Martha Stewart knows more about fast food than you 'd think -- because last night in Las Vegas , the world 's greatest homemaker ordered an item off the legendary " secret " menu at a local In - N - Out burger .
We 're told Martha ordered up an " Animal Style " combo -- which means the burger patty is cooked and fried with mustard ... then pickles are added , along with grilled onions and extra spread .
The combo also comes with fries and a drink .
Stop Overusing Antibiotics on Healthy Farm Animals
Resistance to antibiotics is a public health crisis on the rise .
These crucial drugs should only be used when necessary but 70 percent of antibiotics used in the United States are given to healthy chickens , pigs and cattle to increase weight gain or to prevent illnesses .
This overuse of antibiotics puts humans in danger because it spreads bacteria that develop resistances to life - saving drugs .
That 's why we need to pass the Preservation of Antibiotics for Medical Treatment Act , which will make the Food and Drug Administration reevaluate agricultural uses of the seven classes of antibiotics that are important to human health .
Urge your member of Congress to pass the Preservation of Antibiotics for Medical Treatment Act and help end the overuse of medically important antibiotics in feed for farm animals that are n't sick .
read petition letter ▾
Industrial - scale farms feed animals huge amounts of antibiotics -- not to treat disease but to promote growth and to compensate for stressful , crowded conditions .
But the use of so many antibiotics in animal agriculture also speeds the development and spread of resistant bacteria , which makes many life - saving medicines less effective .
Resistance to antibiotics is a public health crisis on the rise .
These crucial drugs should only be used when necessary but 70 percent of antibiotics used in the United States are given to healthy chickens , pigs and cattle to increase weight gain or to prevent illnesses .
This overuse of antibiotics puts humans in danger because it spreads bacteria that develop resistances to life - saving drugs .
That 's why we need to pass the Preservation of Antibiotics for Medical Treatment Act , which will make the Food and Drug Administration reevaluate agricultural uses of the seven classes of antibiotics that are important to human health , which include :
- Penicillins ( natural penicillins , penase resistant penicillins , 4 antipseudomonal
penicillins , and aminopenicillins )
- Tetracyclines
- Aminoglycosides
- Streptogramins
- Macrolides
- Lincomycin
- Sulfonamides
Please pass the Preservation of Antibiotics for Medical Treatment Act ( H.R. 1549 ) and help end the overuse of medically important antibiotics in feed for farm animals that are n't sick .
[ Your comments here . ]
Dear Representative , Industrial - scale farms feed animals huge amounts of antibiotics -- not to treat disease but to promote growth and to compensate for stressful , crowded conditions .
But the use of so many antibiotics in animal agriculture also speeds the development and spread of resistant bacteria , which makes many life - saving medicines less effective .
Resistance to antibiotics is a public health crisis on the rise .
These crucial drugs should only be used when necessary but 70 percent of antibiotics used in the United States are given to healthy chickens , pigs and cattle to increase weight gain or to prevent illnesses .
This overuse of antibiotics puts humans in danger because it spreads bacteria that develop resistances to life - saving drugs .
That 's why we need to pass the Preservation of Antibiotics for Medical Treatment Act , which will make the Food and Drug Administration reevaluate agricultural uses of the seven classes of antibiotics that are important to human health , which include : - Penicillins ( natural penicillins , penase resistant penicillins , 4 antipseudomonalpenicillins , and aminopenicillins ) - Tetracyclines - Aminoglycosides - Streptogramins - Macrolides - Lincomycin- SulfonamidesPlease pass the Preservation of Antibiotics for Medical Treatment Act ( H.R. 1549 ) and help end the overuse of medically important antibiotics in feed for farm animals that are n't sick .
[ Your comments here . ]
Fangeeks are gonna have to hold their horses .
The precious is on hold again .
The pair of Hobbit movies has been pushed back to the end of 2012 , according to Variety .
The studio tells the trade the best outlook for the Lord of the Rings prequels is in the fourth quarter of that year , but even that 's not set in stone .
First there was that drama with Sir Peter Jackson ( yeah , he was knighted ) , then the estate of author J.R.R .
Tolkien began battling over profits and now the delay is due to changes at New Line Cinema .
Here 's what we do know : Jackson is producing , Hellboy 's Guillermo del Toro is directing and , from the looks of it , Ian McKellan and Andy Serkis will be back in the fellowship for the two - parter .
Plus , Orlando Bloom told MTV earlier this week that he'd be game to strap on his Elf wig yet again , and Cate Blanchett has also expressed interest in heading back to Middle Earth .
WASHINGTON — Like every Democratic president since John F. Kennedy , President Obama is battling the perception that he ’s a wimp on national security .
It ’s not just coming from Republicans ( for example , Dick Cheney ’s accusation that Mr. Obama is trying to pretend that the country is n’t at war ) .
Now barbs are coming from the center too .
This week ’s Foreign Policy magazine has a provocative cover : Mr. Obama next to Jimmy Carter with — gasp — an “ equals ” sign in the middle .
New York Times / CBS polling shows that public approval of Mr. Obama ’s foreign policy dropped 9 points to 50 percent between last April and November .
Leslie H. Gelb , president emeritus of the Council on Foreign Relations , wrote on the Daily Beast blog two weeks ago that Mr. Obama needs to toughen up with his adversaries .
“ He puts far too much store on being the smartest guy in the room , ” Mr. Gelb wrote .
“ He ’d do well to remember that Jimmy Carter also rang all the I.Q. bells . ”
So soon ?
Here is a president who just ramped up the war in Afghanistan , sending an additional 30,000 American troops .
He has stepped up drone strikes by unmanned Predators in Pakistan and provided intelligence and firepower for two airstrikes against Al Qaeda in Yemen that killed more than 60 militants .
He has resisted the temptation to sign a new nuclear arms agreement with Russia that might not provide American inspectors with the level of verification detail that they want .
He is moving toward the wide use of full body scans in American airports .
On Thursday , in an oblique nod to the Cheney criticism , he even used the phrase “ we are at war , ” in describing the fight against Al Qaeda .
Of course , accusations that Democrats are genetically softer on threats to the Republic are nothing new .
After World War II , Republicans mostly stopped attacking the Democrats as the party that had gotten America into two world wars , and began calling it soft on Communism .
Roosevelt ’s agreement to the postwar division of Europe at Yalta , followed by China ’s fall in 1949 while Truman was president , spurred that on .
John Kennedy managed to emerge from an early fiasco at the Bay of Pigs and achieve the counter - image of a cold war liberal , thanks to the Berlin and Cuban - missile crises ; then Lyndon Johnson ’s fear of being labeled “ soft on Communism ” helped him override his doubts about getting deeper into Vietnam .
But after that , the ill - fated antiwar candidacy of George McGovern , followed by Jimmy Carter ’s inability to rescue American hostages in Iran , sealed a stereotype of Democrats as , well , wimps .
Best Novel
Ark by Stephen Baxter ( Gollancz )
Lavinia by Ursula K Le Guin ( Gollancz )
The City & The City by China Mieville ( Macmillan )
Yellow Blue Tibia by Adam Roberts ( Gollancz )
Best Short Fiction
“ Sinner , Baker , Fabulist , Priest ; Red Mask , Black Mask , Gentleman , Beast ” by Eugie Foster ( Interzone 220 )
The Push by Dave Hutchinson ( Newcon Press )
“ Johnnie and Emmie - Lou Get Married ” by Kim Lakin - Smith ( Interzone 222 )
“ Vishnu at the Cat Circus ” by Ian McDonald ( in Cyberabad Days , Gollancz )
“ The Beloved Time of Their Lives ” [ pdf link ] by Ian Watson and Roberto Quaglia ( in The Beloved of My Beloved , Newcon Press )
“ The Assistant ” by Ian Whates ( in The Solaris Book of New Science Fiction 3 , ed. George Mann )
Best Artwork
Alternate cover art for 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea ( art project ) , Nitzan Klamer
“ Emerald ” by Stephanie Pui-Mun Law
Cover of Desolation Road by Ian McDonald , by Stephan Martinière , jacket design by Jacqueline Nasso Cooke
Cover of Interzone 220 , Adam Tredowski
Cover of Interzone 224 , Adam Tredowski
Cover of Interzone 225 , Adam Tredowski
Best Non-Fiction
Canary Fever by John Clute ( Beccon )
“ I Did n’t Dream of Dragons ” by Deepa D
“ Ethics and Enthusiasm ” by Hal Duncan [ Note : withdrawn from consideration ]
“ Mutant Popcorn ” by Nick Lowe ( Interzone )
A Short History of Fantasy by Farah Mendlesohn and Edward James ( Middlesex University Press )
Congratulations to all the nominees !
Note that there are only four nominees in the Best Novel category , and six nominees in the Best Short Fiction and Best Artwork categories due to ties for fifth place .
The Awards will be presented at this year ’s Eastercon , Odyssey .
The man who nearly became acting governor of South Carolina last year when his boss absconded to South America to visit his lover is now taking heat for comparing poor people to “ stray animals . ”
South Carolina Lt.- Gov.
Andre Bauer , a candidate for governor , made the comment during a town hall meeting on Friday .
During a discussion of subsidized school lunches , Bauer argued that children should be denied reduced prices for school lunches if their parents fail a drug test or do n’t show up for parent - teacher meetings .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ My grandmother was not a highly educated woman , but she told me as a small child to quit feeding stray animals .
You know why ?
Because they breed , ” Bauer said , as quoted at the South Carolina State .
“ You ’re facilitating the problem if you give an animal or a person ample food supply .
They will reproduce , especially ones that do n’t think too much further than that .
And so what you ’ve got to do is you ’ve got to curtail that type of behavior .
They do n’t know any better . ”
That drew immediate condemnation from the head of South Carolina ’s Democratic Party .
“ Andre Bauer ’s crude utterances once again reveal his immaturity and poor judgment , ” said Carol Fowler , according to WIS - TV in Columbia .
“ Bauer is a bachelor who has never once had to worry about feeding a child of his own .
His notion of punishing children by not feeding them because their parents missed a PTA meeting flies in the face of basic South Carolina values . ”
Bauer told CNN Monday that he regretted using the stray animals metaphor .
“ I wish I had used a different metaphor , ” Bauer said .
“ I never intended to tie people to animals . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
But then the lieutenant - governor made another animal comparison .
“ If you have a cat , if you take it in your house and feed it and love it , what happens when you go out of town ? ” he asked , adding that he is “ not against animals . ”
Bauer has repeatedly returned to the animal metaphor in his defense of Friday ’s remarks .
At a gubernatorial forum on Saturday , he denied he was making the link at all .
“ There ’s no way that I was trying to tie animals to people , ” he said .
“ What I was trying to talk about is the dependency culture , and just like when you feed an animal , you create a dependency . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Bauer came within a whisker of becoming governor of South Carolina last year when Gov. Mark Sanford disappeared for a week without explanation .
Rumors of his hiking in the Appalachian Trail turned out not to be true ; the governor had been in Argentina meeting with his mistress .
Sanford was nearly impeached last year over the scandal , as well as over questionable use of state aircraft .
The committee investigating impeachment proceedings voted against impeachment , but voted in favor of censuring the governor .
In December , Sanford ’s wife filed for divorce .
ADVERTISEMENT
In an opinion piece at the Spartanburg Spark , Christopher George disputed Bauer ’s assertion that social - assistance programs create poverty by creating dependence .
[ I ] f it really is true that government assistance causes poverty , then why is it that the countries with the largest , most expansive social safety nets also have the lowest poverty rates ?
If food stamps , unemployment insurance , and free school lunches increased poverty , as you and your conservative friends claim , then how do you explain the fact that countries like Germany , France , Canada and The Netherlands — all of which have welfare systems far more advanced than ours — have lower poverty rates ?
Some South Carolina officials , including State Superintendent Jim Rex , are calling for Bauer to apologize .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ If his intent was to blame children , who are not responsible for their own predicaments … it is regrettable , ” Rex told WIS - TV .
The following audio was recorded at a town hall meeting in Fountain Inn , South Carolina , on Friday , January 22 , 2009 , and uploaded to YouTube by user ScarceNews .
If you have a garage door that is more than 2 decades old then it is high time to consider a replacement .
A new garage door installation in Minneapolis can bring a lot of benefits in terms of utility and safety .
Not only will you have a better door but your home value will also go up because it increases your curb appeal .
Here are some steps on the best way to install a new garage door for your home .
Garage Door Installation in Minneapolis Solution # 1 Tension Release
The first step in the process should you want to go DIY on this project is to release the tension on the door .
Begin by clamping the adjustable locking pliers on the torsion spring shaft and wedge the pliers against the header wall above the door .
Next step is to insert a steel rod into one of the holes in the spring winding cone .
Take note that there are 4 holes available that are used for tightening and loosening .
Hold tightly on the rod and then loosen the setscrews that keep the winding cone in its place .
Utilize the steel rods in order to loosen the spring one - quarter turn at a time .
Make sure to alternate the two rods , using one to hold the cone steady and the other to turn the cone after the first rod is removed .
Garage Door Installation in Minneapolis Solution # 2 Disconnect the Current Opener and Door
Once you have released the tension , the next step in the process is to disconnect the existing garage door opener from the door .
Start by removing the door panels .
Top panel first and then remove the hinges connected to the panel .
Take extra caution if there is glass involved .
Next is to disconnect the track by simply unscrewing or unbolting it from the doorframe .
If you are considering replacing the automatic door opener as well , remove the opener ’s track from above and then remove the opener .
Garage Door Installation in Minneapolis Solution # 3 Door Panel Installation
The next step in this garage door installation in Minneapolis is to install the new door .
If you are installing a door for a 2 - car garage it is recommended to install a reinforcing bar on the top panel so as to prevent the door from bowing in the center .
Make sure that the bar is centered on the pilot .
Then drill holes in order to secure the bar with screws .
Next step is attaching hinges to the top of each panel .
A lot of new garage doors are equipped with pilot holes already drilled into place by the maker of the door .
Attach axles to the base of the bottom panel and to the top of the top panel .
Install the bottom panel into the door opening .
Hold the panel upright by driving a nail into the wall next to the panel and then bending it over to hold the panel in place .
Do make sure that it is level prior to connecting the next panel .
Connect the next panel on top of the first one .
Check that the groove of the upper panel is resting on the ridge of the lower panel .
Just repeat the process until all of the panels are in their place .
The last panel needs to extend one inch or so past the top of the door opening .
Garage Door Installation in Minneapolis Solution # 4 Secure the Hinges and Install the Track
From within the garage , secure the top half of each hinge to the panel above .
Place the wheeled axles into the side hinges and the top and bottom axle supports .
Start installing the track by attaching brackets to the vertical track pieces .
Read the instruction manual in order to ensure that you are installing the brackets in the right places .
Once the brackets are attached , place them against the wall and make sure the wheels lie properly in the track .
Connect the door cable to the hook on the bottom panel axle support prior to connecting the bottom bracket to the wall .
Garage Door Installation in Minneapolis Solution # 5 Connect the Spring Assembly to the Track
Attach the pieces to support the spring assembly and connect them to the track .
Rest the curved part of the track on the vertical piece that you installed prior and then attach the other end to the ceiling bracket .
Just reuse the same ceiling supports .
Bolt Tracks
Connect the horizontal track to the vertical track .
Drill a hole through the horizontal track in order to line up with the vertical track .
Use the holes in the vertical track in order to determine where to drill the hole .
Install The Springs
Look for the center of the opening and mark it on the door header .
Connect the spring anchors to the spring and then attach the spring locking cone .
Bolt the two springs properly in order to maintain the header bracket .
Torsion Rod and Pulleys Installation
Slide the torsion rod into the holes in the side header brackets .
Check to see if the rod is secure and then connect the pulleys to each end of the rod .
Attach the center header bracket to the center mark on the header .
Connect the Cable
From below bring the cable up and connect it to the pulley wheel on both sides .
Turn the wheel to reduce slack over the pulley from the door side and then slide the wheel to the header bracket and then tighten them securely .
Tighten the Springs
Use the steel rods in order to tighten the spring by reversing and loosening it .
Check with the owner ’s manual in order to learn how many times you need to tighten it .
When the correct tension is achieved , tighten the bolts in the anchor in order to lock it in place and then remove the pliers from the torsion rod .
Church Simulator Game ' Mass : We Pray ' Announced , Simply Cannot Be Real Update :
As expected , Mass : We Pray has been
Original : Prayer Works Interactive today announced Mass : We Pray , a Church - centric mini - game compilation with specialized controllers that must represent some sort of elaborate hoax .
Packing support for the motion - sensitive CROSS controller and pressure - sensitive KNEELER , Mass : We Pray sees players battle for pew position and " Grace points " across " 24 unique and exhilarating rituals , " such as sprinkling Holy Water , making the Sign of the Cross and serving Holy Communion .
" After all , a family should n't have to wait until Sunday to worship the Lord , " reads the press release we received , which does not specify release platforms and lists a generic e-mail in the place of actual names or contact details .
Further digging provides little evidence that Prayer Works actually exists and reveals that masswepray.com was just registered by Portuguese company Domain Discreet on November 3 , 2009 .
Seriously , just watch that trailer and read the press release .
It ca n't be real .
Whatever 's actually going on , there 's a chance we 'll learn more when pre-orders for Mass : We Pray open on November 20 .
Until then , feel free to dig through the press release for clues , and kudos to the mastermind behind this .
You 've got our attention .
January 20 , 2010
In the wake of the weird Christmas Day " underwear bomber " incident on Northwest Flight 253 , former Homeland Security chief Michael Chertoff , as if on cue , was all over the mainstream media touting whole - body scanners as the answer to America�s airline security problems .
Since leaving public office in 2009 , Chertoff had co-founded the Chertoff Group , a security and risk - management firm whose clients include a manufacturer of body - imaging screening machines .
While some in the media noted this rather commonplace conflict of interest , ignored by all was a far more significant abuse of the American public�s trust .
In a CNN interview , Chertoff cited the Detroit incident as " a very vivid lesson in the value of that machinery . "
One lesson that he hasn�t drawn , however , was about the unreliability of the security firm which allowed the young Nigerian Muslim without a passport to " slip through " Amsterdam�s Schiphol Airport .
ICTS International N.V. , the Dutch - based security firm , was established in 1982 by former members of Israel�s secret police , the Shin Bet , and El Al security .
Menachem Atzmon , who holds the controlling shares in the firm , was convicted in 1996 for campaign finance fraud while co-treasurer of the Likud party .
The other co-treasurer Ehud Olmert , who was acquitted of those charges , resigned as Israeli Prime Minister in 2008 amid multiple corruption charges .
Although the rapid worldwide expansion of ICTS was no doubt helped by the much vaunted reputation of Israeli aviation security , its record abroad is less reassuring .
In December 2001 , the so - called " shoe bomber " Richard Reid also slipped through ICTS security at Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to board a flight to Miami .
And it was an ICTS subsidiary , Huntleigh USA , that shared security duties at Boston�s Logan Airport , where two of the four hijacked planes originated on September 11 , 2001 .
Interestingly , Michael Chertoff has close family ties to Israeli aviation .
His father , an American rabbi , married Livia Eisen , who was an air hostess for El Al in the 1950s .
" There are reports that she was involved in Operation Magic Carpet , which brought Jews to Israel from Yemen , " wrote Jonathan Cook in Israel and the Clash of Civilizations .
" It therefore seems possible that Livia Eisen was an Israeli national , and one with possible links to the Mossad . "
Somehow , nobody thought of asking Michael Chertoff whether his mother had ties to a foreign country�s intelligence service during the Senate confirmation hearing on his appointment as secretary of Homeland Security in 2005 .
Most likely taking their cue from Senators Charles Schumer and Joseph Lieberman , who endorsed their fellow Jewish Zionist for the DHS job , the AIPAC - conscious Senate approved Chertoff by a vote of 98-0 .
Normally hypersensitive to even the most tenuous links to Islamic terrorism , Sens. Schumer and Lieberman were apparently unconcerned by Chertoff�s 1998 legal representation of Dr. Magdy Elamir .
The FBI had filed a report charging Elamir with skimming money from an Islamic charity to support al - Qaeda and financially supporting the al - Salam mosque , which the " Blind Sheikh " Omar Abdel - Rahman used as a base of operations for the 1993 World Trade Center bombing .
Moreover , there are suspicions that Chertoff , as head of the Justice Department�s criminal division , may have been behind the deportation for " immigration violations " of the 200 Israelis arrested in 2001 for " suspicious activities " both before and after 9/11 .
According to a DEA report , these Israeli " art students " had " recently served in the Israeli military , the majority in intelligence , electronic signal intercept , or explosive ordnance units . "
As Antiwar.com editor Justin Raimondo wryly put it in his essential book The Terror Enigma , " the probability that these are graduates of the Mossad School of Art ( summa cum laude ) is certainly high . "
But then again , how could one possibly doubt the patriotism of the author of the USA PATRIOT Act ?
Whatever his other qualities , Chertoff must be a fast writer .
The 342 - page document was signed into law on October 26 , 2001 � a mere 45 days after the Sept. 11 attacks .
Striking oil on 9/11
On October 11 , 2001 , exactly one month after 9/11 , Senator Lieberman introduced S. 1534 , a bill to establish a Department of Homeland Security .
The bipartisan Department of National Homeland Security Act of 2001 was co-sponsored by Republican Senator Arlen Specter , who is , perhaps not coincidentally , also a Jewish Zionist .
The day after 9/11 , Benjamin Netanyahu let slip that the deaths of almost 3,000 Americans was " very good " for Israel .
In particular , the mass murder was very good for an emerging sector of the Israeli economy .
In " Laboratory for a Fortressed World , " Naomi Klein detailed the post - 9/11 " explosion of Israel�s homeland security sector . "
" Before 9/11 homeland security barely existed as an industry , " Klein wrote in 2007 .
" By the end of this year , Israeli exports in the sector will reach $ 1.2 billion � an increase of 20 percent .
The key products and services are high - tech fences , unmanned drones , biometric IDs , video and audio surveillance gear , air passenger profiling and prisoner interrogation systems � precisely the tools and technologies Israel has used to lock in the occupied territories . "
And the Department of Homeland Security , the Lieberman - Specter brainchild then headed by Michael Chertoff , had become one of Israel�s most reliable markets .
" Israel has struck oil , " as Klein so aptly put it .
" The oil is the war on terror , the state of constant fear that creates a bottomless global demand for devices that watch , listen , contain and target ' suspects . � "
In order to exploit that resource to the full , Israel needed the likes of Chertoff , Lieberman , Schumer and Specter to hype the concept of " homeland security " in the United States .
Americans , however , should have been asking a couple of pertinent questions .
Which homeland ?
And whose security ?
Maidhc � Cathail is a widely published writer based in Japan .
Professor Masatoshi Ishikawa and Dr. Takashi Komuro of the Tokyo University developed a new input method they ’re calling “ vision - based Input Interface ” .
Using a forward facing camera , something that many smartphones in Europe and Asia have , even though it ’s debatable whether or not video calling took off , all five fingers are recognized and can be used for typing , clicking , browsing through photos , and eventually even more things once practical applications are developed .
The forward facing camera used in this demo is a high speed , 154 frame per second , sensor .
It ’s one step closer to Minority Report type user interfaces , but it seems kind of counter intuitive to have this sort of user interface on a mobile device .
We look at people walking down the street and talking on their Bluetooth headsets as strange and possibly mentally deficient .
Imagine seeing someone walking down the street waving to their mobile phone like he was some sort of character in Harry Potter .
Not cool .
[ Via : Gigazine , hat tip to @samin ]
In the deep sea , food is scarce and the menu short — so short that at least one organism eats the table along with the fare .
In fact , the table may be the main course for Munidopsis andamanica , a crustacean known as a “ squat lobster , ” related to true lobsters .
Although the 850 - plus squat lobster species are thought to be generalist scavengers , M. andamanica is the first to be found that eats wood .
If that seems an improbable diet for a deep - sea crustacean , consider that most logs that wash out to sea eventually sink , delivering precious nutrients to the seafloor in irregular loads that biologists have lately recognized as important ecosystems .
Trawling off Vanuatu in the Pacific Ocean , a team led by Caroline Hoyoux and her graduate adviser , Philippe Compère of the University of Liège in Belgium , hauled up many sunken logs from as deep as 3,000 feet .
The woodfalls were teeming with bivalves , limpets , and crustaceans , including abundant M. andamanica .
Wood fragments packed the squat lobsters ’ guts .
Also present were bacteria and fungi , some of which appeared to be gut residents helping to digest the wood ; others the squat lobsters had grazed off the old logs .
M. andamanica found elsewhere had bits of plant matter , algae , and coral in their guts .
The team thinks the crustaceans specialize in hard - to - digest food , wood being their favorite fodder , garnished with bacteria or fungi .
In a habitat as barren as the deep sea , it seems no meal is too tough to pass up .
The research was detailed in the journal Marine Biology .
This article was provided to LiveScience by Natural History Magazine .
WASHINGTON — Glenn Beck offered listeners a rather unique version of U.S. Constitutional history on his radio show Tuesday .
In response to a question from an African - American caller , Beck defended the original “ Three - Fifth Clause ” in the Constitution , which deemed African - Americans to be “ three - fifths of all other persons . ”
It was a compromise reached between the North and South in the Philadelphia Convention of 1787 , and served in many ways as the justification for slavery while it lasted .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I noticed you reference the founding fathers a lot , ” said the caller .
“ And to me it ’s kind of offensive because most of those guys were slave - owners .
The Constitution that they wrote up — they did n’t even recognize my people as even human . ”
“ Where ’d you learn that , Josh ? ” Beck soon responded , after asking him to explain his question .
The caller said he “ learned that in school . ”
“ Well , you did n’t , really , ” Beck retorted , launching into his curious defense of the Constitutional clause the United States later abolished and deemed unequivocally immoral .
“ That is the common misconception , ” Beck said , recommending that the caller learn the truth by reading “ a really good history book not written by progressives . ”
“ Do you know who wanted slaves to be counted as a full person ? ” he asked .
“ Slave owners . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Josh argued with that assertion , but Beck would n’t have any of it .
“ The reason why they wanted that is because of the balance of power , ” Beck explained .
“ The South could control the numbers in Congress .
Their representation would go through the roof . ”
“ That ’s why , ” he continued “ in the Constitution , African - Americans were deemed three - fifths people , because the Founders wanted to end slavery and they knew if the South could count slaves as full individuals you would never get the control to be able to abolish it . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Beck ’s interpretation of the motives of the Founding Fathers for writing the three - fifths clause is highly curious , as it did ultimately serve as a key Constitutional justification for establishing African - Americans an unequal and thus holding them as slaves .
His assertion that Founding Fathers cleverly designed the clause to set the stage for the abolition of slavery is also a dubious version of history .
ADVERTISEMENT
This is not the first time that Beck has made controversial comments about the Constitutionality and justifications for slavery .
The audio was captured by Think Progress :
By Jonathan Amos
Science correspondent , BBC News
Of two Chinese Shar - Pei littermates , one ( L ) exhibits extensive skin wrinkling
Just how did the Shar - pei get its famous wrinkled appearance ?
Scientists who have analysed the genetics of 10 pedigree dog breeds believe they now have the answer .
Their research identifies 155 distinct locations in the animals ' genetic code that could play a role in giving breeds their distinctive appearances .
In the Shar - pei , the team found differences in a gene known as HAS2 which makes an enzyme known to be important in the production of skin .
" There was probably a mutation that arose in that gene that led to a really wrinkly puppy and a breeder said , 'hey , that looks interesting , I 'm going to try to selectively breed this trait and make more of these dogs ' , " explained Joshua Akey from the Department of Genome Sciences at the University of Washington , Seattle , US .
Small differences
The pedigree dog has become a fascination - and a remarkably useful research tool - for geneticists .
The domestication of the grey wolf more than 10,000 years ago , and the selective breeding that followed , has resulted in more than 400 breeds - each with a distinctive physique , coat colour and temperament .
The study compared the genetics of 10 pure - bred dog groups
These discrete populations give scientists the opportunity to compare and contrast the genetics of the different groups , making it easier to find the causes of specific traits .
" Man 's best friend " is helping scientists locate the faulty genes that cause disease in both dogs and humans , as well giving a useful insight into how evolution works at a molecular level .
Dr Akey and colleagues studied 32 wrinkled and 18 smooth - coated Shar - peis and compared a specific stretch of their DNA with that of other breeds .
The team found four small , but significant , differences in the genetics of the two skin types of the Shar - pei versus the other breeds .
These single nucleotide polymorphisms ( SNPs ) , as they are called , were located in the HAS2 gene .
New targets " HAS2 makes hyaluronic acid synthase 2 , and it's an enzyme that makes hyaluronic acid , and that 's one of the principal constituents of the skin , " explained Dr Akey .
" There are rare human cases where there are mutations that lead to really severe wrinkling in humans , too .
" So , that suggested it was a good candidate to look at ; and sure enough , when we sequenced it we saw that that gene explained wrinkling in Shar - peis , " he told BBC News .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
As well as giving insights into the Shar - pei , the research has also identified a raft of other locations in the dog genome that can now be investigated further to understand better why pedigree animals look the way they do .
" The thing that excites me most about our study is that in the last five years , five genes have been identified that contribute to this vast diversity in dog breeds , " said Dr Akey .
" So our study found all five of those genes and then we found 150 new targets to explore .
It 's a powerful approach to look at the genetic legacy of selective breeding . "
Dr Akey and colleagues report their findings in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) .
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Earlier I stared helplessly at my computer , eyes filling with frustrated tears as I desperately wiggled the mouse , hoping for something to move on the screen .
Yes , my computer froze .
But I wo n't complain about it after seeing this photo .
Advertisement
Now I 'll just be happy that my frozen screen only required a restart and not a defrosting .
[ Thanks , Josh ! ]
The Law Offices Of Andrew C. Ladd , LLC
With more than 50 combined years of experience between our two principal attorneys , The Law Offices of Andrew C. Ladd , LLC , represents clients with compassion and skill .
We take the time to give each client the attention that he or she deserves .
Whether you are facing a divorce , criminal or bankruptcy matter , we will personally walk you through every stage of your case .
Waukesha criminal defense attorneys from our firm take pride in handling a range of legal matters for clients in Waukesha county and the surrounding areas of Southeastern Wisconsin .
Southeastern Wisconsin Attorneys ∙ Divorce ∙ Criminal Defense ∙ Bankruptcy
At The Law Offices of Andrew C. Ladd , LLC , we represent clients in a wide range of legal matters , including :
At a time when many lawyers specialize in only one area of law , we take pride in the diversity of our practice because it is a real , concrete benefit to you , the client .
Many of our clients are surprised by how much one legal area impacts another .
Because we practice in a number of different legal areas , we are able to recognize the intersections between these different areas .
We can help you understand , for instance , how your decision to file bankruptcy will impact your divorce and vice versa .
What Will Your Representation Cost ?
The cost of representation varies based on type of case , the complexity of the case and other factors .
At The Law Offices of Andrew C. Ladd , LLC , we work hard to provide our legal services at the most competitive rates possible .
We encourage you to contact us for a free initial consultation .
Once we have a better understanding of your particular case , we would be happy to give you a quote and to discuss our fees .
Contact The Law Offices Of Andrew C. Ladd , LLC
To schedule your free initial consultation with an experienced Waukesha county criminal defense , divorce or bankruptcy lawyer from The Law Offices of Andrew C. Ladd , LLC , call 262-542-3900 or contact us online .
We are a debt relief agency .
We help people file for bankruptcy relief under the Bankruptcy Code .
When the UK Needs Energy , Wind Farms Fail to Produce ; Lack of Wind During Cold Snaps Could Create Energy CrisisJanuary , 11 , 2010 / EIN PRESSWIRE /
The recent cold spell in the UK has residents turning up the heat , but the lack of wind and subsequent failure to produce wind energy put into doubt the future of wind farms as a reliable energy resource .
During the cold surge , wind farms in the UK produced a fraction of the energy they 're intended to produce due to the absence of wind .
According to analysts , such conditions in the future means the UK could be in for a tough time when the country completes its goal of having wind energy account for 25 % of the nation 's electricity 10 years from now .
In no -wind situations like this , the backup plan is to burn coal , but an EU directive will shut down several of the UK 's coal and oil power stations .
Read more about this story and more at Wind Energy Industry Today : Latest Wind Farms News - http://windenergy.einnews.com/news/wind-power-farmLatest
UK
Wind Energy News - http://windenergy.einnews.com/uk/Latest
Offshore Wind Farms News - http://windenergy.einnews.com/news/offshore-wind-farmsLocated at http://windenergy.einnews.com, Wind Energy Industry Today is a service of EIN News , an industry leader in news monitoring for business professionals and analysts .
Using a combination of proprietary search technology and human editing , EIN News delivers to its members the latest wind energy news from around the world , saving them valuable time they 'd spend searching for information .
New users to Wind Energy Industry Today can enjoy a no-obligation , one - week free trial .
About EIN PresswireThe EIN Presswire press release distribution service is a news - syndication solution that distributes news to more than 10 million visitors annually at EIN News and millions more through its press release distribution partners .
A news source for leading journalists , decision - makers and industry professionals worldwide , EIN Presswire targets press releases to a wide array of worldwide business professionals in more than 80 different industries .
EIN Presswire also offers affiliate network opportunities and news distribution to tens of thousands of news subscribers daily .
Read the newest business news at http://www.einpresswire.com and the latest world news in more than 80 different industries at http://www.einnews.com.
Apple has passed Nokia to become the world 's most profitable phone maker , and prompted Nintendo 's president to note that if his company can't differentiate its games from those on the iPhone , " then our future is dark . "
Cupertino 's multi-pronged strategy to put an iPhone into the pocket of every smartphoner , mobile gamer , and on - the - go web surfer is working .
According to the market researchers at Strategy Analytics , the iPhone vaulted Apple past Nokia to become the number one handset vendor in the world when measured by profits - and by a wide margin .
In the third calendar quarter of 2009 , says their research , Apple 's phone - based profits totaled $ 1.6bn , while Nokia pulled in a comparatively meager $ 1.1bn .
Apple 's handset profits are increasing .
Nokia 's are going in the opposite direction .
It should also be noted that Nokia is currently suing Apple for patent infringement - but do n't expect that suit to be decided anytime in the near future , at least not soon enough to roil the current smartphone waters .
And Apple is n't content with merely dominating handset - profitability metrics .
It also has its eye on pocket gaming - and that 's causing a bit of concern over in Kyoto , Japan , home of Nintendo .
An article ( paid subscription required ) in Wednesday 's Wall Street Journal reported that Nintendo president Satoru Iwata recently told a company gathering that " If we can't make clear why customers pay a lot of money to play games on Nintendo hardware and Nintendo software and differentiate ourselves from games on the mobile phone or iPhone , then our future is dark . "
Iwata claims that he's not overly worried , telling the WSJ that those trying to stir up competition between Kyoto and Cupertino make him " uncomfortable , " seeing as how the two companies have different customers .
That may be true - today - but Apple is certainly trying to take advantage of Nintendo 's current slippage and sell both its iPhone and iPod touch as gaming platforms .
After all , at a recent press event Apple senior vice president for marketing Phil Schiller trumpted a year - old article from BusinessWeek that included the prediction : " Apple could be on the cusp of claiming the crown as the world 's market leader in handheld gaming . "
He then went on to diss both the Nintendo DS and the Sony PSP , saying : " When these things came out they seemed so cool .
But once you play a game on the iPod touch , you know , they do n’t really stack up anymore . "
Iwata , as might be guessed , disagrees , telling the WSJ - rightly - that a dedicated gaming device such as his company 's handhelds can offer an experience that a phone just can't match .
That said , casual gamers who simply want to while away some time on the subway or between classes appreciate the fact that they can do so on their multi- touch , accelerometer - equipped iPhones - and then use the same device to surf the web , text friends , and phone home .
Iwata is right : if his troops can't explain to its customers why they should " pay a lot of money " to stay in the Nintendo fold , his company is in trouble - as much trouble as Nokia , which is watching its profitability being gobbled up on the smartphone side of the handheld wars . ®
I would actually start there myself too .
Though Hyundai USA is n't responsible , their name will be brought up as an organization , and though bringing up ' my lawyer will contact you ' wo n't get things done cause Hyundai USA knows they are off the hook , once ' media ' is brought up things might get moving if it's one of their dealerships .
Working in a call center back in the day , ' lawyer ' or ' media ' automatically is a transfer of that call to the manager of the call center - not sure on consumer affairs .
Simply put if they refuse to do anything to help you out , ' before I bring my story to < local news paper > or < local tv station > , I wanted to let you guys know , I am very disappointed in what < said dealership > did , and Hyundai 's support of their potential customer , and did n't want you to be surprised if this came across your desks in the near future . '
Makes you look like you were doing them a favor , and they did n't want to help you out , then hell will break lose .
Gay people are often asked by the curious , " When did you first realize you were gay ? "
In my case , I remember undressing my Superman doll – and being terribly disappointed at the result – as well as being motivated to befriend the more attractive boys in third grade .
But hormonally speaking , it was n't until I was about 14 that I first looked in the mirror and thought to myself , ah , that 's what I am all right , it all makes perfect sense now .
It was n't much of a mystery .
After all , lust is n't exactly a subtle thing .
Back then I derived as much pleasure from making out with my " girlfriend " as I might have from scraping the plaque from my dog 's teeth .
In contrast , barely touching legs with a boy I had a crush on sparked an electric , ineffable ecstasy .
The point is , whether or not we like , hide or accept what we are , our true identities – gay , straight , bisexual – consciously dawn on each of us during adolescence .
We all have a natural " orientation " towards sexual contact with others , and for the most part we 're just hopeless pawns to our body 's desires .
At least , that 's what most people tend to think .
But some scientists believe that there may be a fourth sexual orientation in our species , one characterized by the absence of desire and no sexual interest in males or females .
Such people are regarded as asexuals .
Unlike bisexuals , who are attracted to both males and females , asexuals are equally indifferent to and uninterested in having sex with either gender .
So imagine being a teenager waiting for your sexual identity to express itself , waiting patiently for some intoxicating bolus of lasciviousness to render you as dumbly carnal as your peers , and it just does n't happen .
These individuals are n't simply celibate , which is a lifestyle choice .
Rather , sex to them is just so ... boring .
In one recent interview study published in the Archives of Sexual Behavior , a group of self - described asexuals was asked how they came to be aware they were different .
One woman responded : " I would say I 've never had a dream or a fantasy , a sexual fantasy , for example , about being with another woman .
So I can pretty much say that I have no lesbian sort of tendencies whatsoever .
You would think that by my age I would have some fantasy or dream or something , would n't you ?
...
But I 've never had a dream or a sexual fantasy about having sex with a man , either .
That I can ever , ever remember . "
According to Brock University psychologist Anthony Bogaert , there may be more genuine asexuals out there than we realize .
In 2004 , Bogaert analyzed survey data from more than 18,000 British residents and found that the number of people ( 185 , or about 1 per cent ) in this population who described themselves as " never having a sexual attraction " was just slightly lower than those who identified as being attracted to the same sex ( 3 per cent ) .
Since this discovery , a handful of academic researchers have been trying to determine whether asexuality is a true biological phenomenon or , alternatively , a slippery social label that some people may prefer to adopt and embrace .
Sexual desire may wax and wane or – as many people on antidepressants have experienced – become virtually nonexistent due to medications or disease .
There are also chromosomal abnormalities , such as Turner 's syndrome , often associated with an absence of sexual desire .
Traumatic events in childhood , such as sexual abuse , can also factor into an aversion to sex .
But if it exists as a fourth orientation , true asexuality would be due neither to genetic anomaly or environmental assault ; although little is known about its etiology ( Bogaert believes it may be traced to prenatal alterations of the hypothalamus ) , by all appearances most asexual people are normal , healthy , hormonally balanced and sexually mature adults who , for still uncertain reasons , have always found sex to be one big , bland yawn .
Asexuality would therefore be like other sexual orientations in the sense that it is not " acquired " or " situational , " but rather an essential part of one 's biological makeup .
But the story of asexuality is very complicated .
For example , as discussion on the AVEN ( Asexuality and Visibility Education Network ) website forums demonstrate , there is tremendous variation in the sexual inclinations of those who consider themselves to be asexual .
Some masturbate , some do n't .
Some are interested in nonsexual , romantic relationships ( including cuddling and kissing but no genital contact ) , while others are n't .
Some consider themselves to be " hetero - asexual " ( having a nonsexual aesthetic or romantic preference for those of the opposite sex ) , while others see themselves as " homo - " or " bi-asexuals . "
There 's even a matchmaking website for sexless love called asexualpals.com .
Yet many asexuals are also perfectly willing to have sex if it satisfies their sexual partners ; it 's not awkward or painful for them but rather , like making toast or emptying the trash , they just do n't personally derive pleasure from the act .
Others insist on being in completely sexless relationships , possibly with other asexuals .
Thus , while many asexuals are virgins , others are ironically even more experienced than your traditionally sexual friends .
Thus , on the one hand there seems to be a sociological issue of people of a marginalized sexual identity gathering steam and beginning to form an identifiable community .
On the other hand , there remains – to me – the more intriguing biological issue of asexual essentialism ; that is to say , is it really possible to develop " normally " without ever experiencing sexual desire toward any other human being on the face of the earth ?
If even a sliver of the asexual community has truly never experienced arousal , then this would pose fascinating questions for our understanding of human sexuality and evolutionary processes .
I still have a lot of questions .
Scientists have just scratched the surface in studying human asexuality .
You can count the number of studies on the subject on one hand .
Does asexuality , like homosexuality , have heritable components ?
If some asexuals masturbate in the absence of sexual fantasy or porn , then what exactly is it that 's getting them physically aroused ?
( And how does one achieve orgasm – as some asexuals apparently do – without experiencing pleasure ? )
Also , if you 're on board theoretically with evolutionary psychology , almost all of human cognition and social behaviour somehow boils down to sexual competition .
So what would the evolutionary psychologist make of asexuality ?
If sex is nature 's feel - good ruse to get our genes out there , is there actually a natural category of human beings that is immune to evolution 's greatest gag ?
The only good way to solve the riddle is also a bit unsavoury .
But unless psychological scientists ever gather a group of willing , self - identified asexuals and , systematically and under controlled conditions , expose them to an array of erotic stimuli while measuring their physical arousal , the truth of the matter will lie forever hidden away in the asexual 's pants .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Jesse Bering is a research psychologist with Queen 's University Belfast .
He writes about obscure aspects of human behaviour for Scientific American .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
01/20/2010
Stop your crying , says man with countless gay tears on his hands
by Jeremy Hooper
Sometimes , we honestly have to wonder if maybe the more vocal members of our opposition have literally misplaced their hearts :
" The only conclusion I can reach is that the plaintiffs are attempting to make an emotional rather than a legal argument to invalidate Prop 8 .
Emotion is about the only thing they ’re focusing on , witness after witness .
Will emotion and ' hurt feelings ' be enough for this judge to overturn the will of the people and be the first court in the nation to declare a federal constitutional right to same - sex marriage ?
Time will tell .
But the body blows that we ’re striking in our outstanding cross examination will make a compelling case to the U.S. Supreme Court , where legal experts predict this case will finally land . "
- ProtectMarriage.com attorney Andy Pugno [ Source ]
Their new line , which we 're seeing repeated all over the social conserva- sphere , is that our side is using nothing but emotion to make our case .
It 's insulting for two reasons :
1 ) Because obviously , our case is based first and foremost in constitutional fairness and civil rights , not feelings .
2 ) They are the ones who deny that they 've done any harm to us , yet they are now unfairly criticizing us for having genuine emotional stakes in all this .
Yes , we do have passions , sometimes intense ones , attached to our testimonies .
That 's because for those of us who are affected by this soul - crushing B.S. , this is not some ridiculous " culture war " game that we are playing for shits , giggles , and promotion up the " pro-family " political totem pole .
We are talking about OUR LIVES .
OUR FAMILIES .
OUR FLESH .
OUR BLOOD .
THE CORES OF OUR BEINGS !
We can't go through the rote motions the way our opposition can , because we genuinely have something to win or lose here .
They do not , which is why they feel such a license to throw stones not only at our rights , but also at our sentiment .
But then let 's move on to Mr. Pugno's other line : " body blows " ?
" BODY BLOWS " ?!
He seriously criticizes us for using emotion , and then refers to his pro-discrimination work as being a " body blow " ?!
Do n't get us wrong -- we absolutely agree with Mr. Pugno that his ignoble attempts to derail fairness strike a blow directly onto LGBT bodies .
We just can't believe he is so self - unaware that he'd use this phrase immediately after shunning / denying the emotional recoil that his movement incites !
Look , human beings do not , by nature , want to be hurt .
Most us are n't seeking tears .
But the simple fact -- THE FACT ! -- is that Andy Pugno , Maggie Gallagher , Jim Garlow , Miles McPherson , Brian Brown , Frank Schubert , and every last person who helped pass Prop 8 did cause real and demonstrable harm to countless psyches .
If that fact comes to light amid our side 's testimony , it is not born out of a tactical place .
Our pain is due to the brute " body blow " that our opposition has cleverly yet ignobly positioned as " marriage protection " !
***
** UPDATE : Just a reminder of the threatening letter to which Mr. Pugno lent his name
Your thoughts
I 'm becoming addicted to your blog ...
GOOD WORK .
Posted by : JB | Jan 20 , 2010 12:07:49 PM
So when the anti-gay - marriage lawyer claims that Brokeback Mountain , Philadelphia , etc. prove that there is no longer anti-gay discrimination , that counts as a body blow ?
Spare me , Mr. Pugno .
Also , do you know , Jeremy , if anyone in the trial has referred to the letter Andrew Pugno co-signed with Ron Prentice and 2 others , threatening to expose businesses who donated to the No on 8 campaign ?
I think that in the context of " we 're afraid to testify because the gays are so militant , " their threatening letter sent to any company that donated over $ 10,000 to No on 8 is extremely relevant .
Especially relevant because the letters were sent before the election and could have changed votes !
Posted by : DN | Jan 20 , 2010 1:02:32 PM
Ooh , thanks for the reminder , DN .
I 'll repost it !
Posted by : G - A - Y | Jan 20 , 2010 1:21:43 PM
Hey , would anyone else like to see the Plaintiffs call " Maggie Gallagher " to the stand ?! :o) MUWAHAHAHAHA !!!
Oh , and speaking of Brokeback Mountain , I have heard , recently , that the reason is lost the Oscar award is because several of the voters refused to even watch the film , let alone VOTE for it !
And , GOOD CALL , DN !
I 've not heard of that threatening letter before .
It * WOULD * indeed be awesome of they would enter it into evidence at the trial !
Posted by : Wade MacMorrighan | Jan 20 , 2010 3:29:40 PM
I do n't understand ... " all emotion " ?
Um , we 've had more scientific witnesses called to the stand who have done nothing but bolster our side with logic and science , where as their side has done nothing but make up false numbers in an attempt to confuse witnesses , and withdraw their OWN WITNESSES BECAUSE EVEN THEIR OWN WITNESSES SUPPORT OUR SIDE .
The " blows their striking in their outstanding cross examinations " ?
Has this guy even been following the case at all ?
He is DELUSSIONAL .
When you withdraw depos from your own side 's witnesses because their depos do nothing but support the plaintiff 's side , you have a SERIOUS ISSUE with the validity of your case .
Just a thought .
D'OH .
Posted by : Stef | Jan 21 , 2010 12:53:18 AM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
They are becoming as big a pest in Britain as the grey squirrel or Japanese knotweed , and seemingly impossible to control .
But the answer to dealing with Chinese mitten crabs , the invasive species infesting the Thames and other English rivers with damaging results , may be simple : eat them .
The large and aggressive Asian crabs with their hairy mitten - like claws are damaging native wildlife and river embankments as they spread across the country .
Yet diners in China , Japan and Singapore consider them a tremendous delicacy , and will pay the equivalent of £ 24 for a single mitten crab in the right condition .
It is a famous ingredient of Shanghai cuisine , and the roe is especially prized .
There has been no check , natural or otherwise , on the species ' expansion .
But Paul Clark , a marine biologist at the Natural History Museum , believes human consumption may be the answer .
" It is a huge pest problem , " he said .
" It burrows into river banks and causes them to collapse , and is very damaging to native wildlife . "
In the Thames , it is now present in such numbers that there is also a risk that the crabs may clog the water intakes of power stations and other industrial facilities along the river .
It is steadily spreading across Britain and it is " only a matter of time " before it reaches Scotland , he added .
Dr Clark is organising a conference in London in March to explore whether the abundant mitten crabs of the Thames – and there may be millions of them – can be harvested commercially , as a means of controlling their numbers .
The possibility of setting up a mitten crab fishery in the Thames has been mooted thanks to a recent study which concluded that mitten crabs from the river were fit for human consumption , and that the population was large enough to be exploited .
Trials have shown that the best way to catch them is by the use of fyke nets , long bag - shaped nets which are held open by hoops .
The fishery would have to be located in the lower Thames , between Greenwich and Erith , because it is to here , in the more saline water , that all the mature mitten crabs of the river migrate in the autumn to spawn – which is when they are their most edible .
Dr Clark said the conference will also be looking at the risks posed by a commercial fishery .
The trials showed that the fyke nets used to catch the crabs attracted a substantial bycatch of eels , which are increasingly considered a threatened species in Europe .
Furthermore , he thinks there is a risk that if a fishery took off and was commercially successful , people might intentionally disperse the crabs into other UK rivers , with the intention of making money .
" We are damned if we do and damned if we do n't .
" Mitten crabs have few natural enemies capable of reducing their numbers , but the establishment of a fishery would certainly carry risks . "
The mittened mini-monster was first recorded in Britain in the Thames in 1935 having almost certainly arrived as larvae in the ballast water of ships from the Far East .
It is found as far upstream as Windsor , and has also spread to other watercourses as far north as the Tyne .
With a body the size of a human palm , and legs double the width of that , Eriocheir sinensis has spread around most of Europe during the last century , and has also arrived in the US , where it is considered a major pest .
Not welcome in Britain : Troublesome aliens
Japanese knotweed ( Fallopia japonica ) is the UK 's most invasive non-native plant .
The Victorians introduced it as an ornamental plant , but fertile British lands lacking in biologicalenemies have enabled it to flourish .
Grey squirrels ( Sciurus carolinensis ) are to blame for the decline of the UK ’s native red squirrels , of which there are estimated to be only 140,000 remaining .
Greys were brought fromAmerica in the late 19th century , and red squirrels are usually displaced within 15 years of theirarrival locally .
Harlequin ladybirds ( Harmonia axyridis ) are a recent addition to Britain and are the most invasive ladybirds on earth .
They arrived in the UKin 2004 , but were introduced to North America in 1988 and have since become the most widespread ladybird species on the continent .
Hillbilly reminds us that long - standing questions about Mitch McConnell 's military " service " remain unanswered .
A re-post from 2008 : December , 2007 we submitted a request for the Selective Service Classification Records for Senator Saxby Chambliss , Rep Tom Tancredo and Senator Mitch McConnell .
When we received the Selective Service Classification Records from the Selective Service System all of the records were included with the exception of Senator Mitch McConnell 's and his was an extract put together by Richard Flahavan , Associate Director for Intergovernmental Affairs .
When Richard Flahavan was questioned about sending us an extract of Senator Mitch McConnell 's Selective Service Classification Record , he responded in writing that " Selective Service no longer has access to Selective Service records for men born prior to 1960 . "
Knowing that we had already received the full Selective Service Classification Records for Senator Saxby Chambliss , Rep Tom Tancredo born in 1943 and 1945 respectively we felt that Richard Flahavan was possibly covering for Senator Mitch McConnell .
In Richard Flahavan 's extract he writes " the U.S. Army ordered him to undergo an Armed Forces Physical Examination which he did July 9 , 1967 .
Apparently , he did not pass because he was released from the U.S. Army Reserve August 15 , 1967 . "
I just love that word apparently !
Several correspondences later we decided to request the information we needed from the National Archives Southeast Region in Atlanta and they sent us Mitch McConnell 's complete Selective Service Classification Records and when we looked under column 7 Armed Forces Physical Examination it was blank , indicating that Mitch McConnell did not receive a Armed Forces Physical Examination as stated by Richard Flahavan , in his extract .
If the Selective Service Classification Record is correct and Mitch McConnell did n't receive Armed Forces Physical Examination , then how could he flunk the Armed Forces Physical Examination he did n't take and what is the real reason Mitch McConnell did n't serve his country during the Vietnam war ?
Senator Mitch McConnell has an obligation to clear this up and I 'm suggesting he publish his military discharge papers for all of us to see and until that time we have good reason to believe he has something to hide .
To his credit , McConnell does not claim service he does not have - probably because he knows he could n't get away with it .
He sidesteps the question of whether he is a veteran , though - probably because he does n't want anyone looking to closely into exactly what happened when little Mitchie reported for his physical .
My guess is that he either faked a disqualifying condition or got someone with juice to pull some strings to get him disqualified .
If so , he would n't have been the first or last .
Most Vietnam - era draftees who wanted out tried those stunts at the draft physical , but maybe Mitchie did n't choke until he got to basic .
I do n't blame him for wanting out .
I know Vietnam combat vets and Vietnam - era draft dodgers both of whom regret what they did .
Far be it from any of us to judge anyone 's choice among bad and worse options .
But hiding the truth is inexcusable .
' Fess up , Mitch - the longer you keep it secret , the worse we imagine the truth to be .
US President Barack Obama promised on Saturday that Americans will see the effects of health reform this year , saying Congress is “ on the verge ” of approving the overhaul the nation ’s health care system .
“ Now , it ’ll take a few years to fully implement these reforms in a responsible way , ” Obama said in his weekly radio address .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ But what every American should know is that once I sign health insurance reform into law , there are dozens of protections and benefits that will take effect this year . ”
The US House of Representatives and Senate both passed sweeping health reform proposals last year , but their bills differ significantly .
Both measures aim to extend health care coverage to more than 30 million out of the 36 million Americans that lack it , end abusive health insurance company practices , and curb soaring costs that take giant bites out of family and government budgets .
But the Senate stripped out a government - backed “ public option ” plan to compete with private insurers in order to win over the backing of a handful of centrist Democrats without whom the bill would not have secured the 60 votes needed to pass in the 100 - seat body .
The two versions of the plan will now have to be reconciled before final approval .
ADVERTISEMENT
There are still disputes over how to pay for the plan , and whether the overhaul should create a national “ exchange ” where Americans could buy coverage , or set up exchanges on a state - by - state basis .
But Obama expressed confidence that lawmakers were “ on the verge of passing health insurance reform that will finally offer Americans the security of knowing they ’ll have quality , affordable health care whether they lose their job , change jobs , move , or get sick . ”
He said that after his signed the proposal into law , uninsured Americans with a pre-existing illness or condition will be able to purchase coverage they can afford .
ADVERTISEMENT
Children with pre-existing conditions , the president added , will no longer be refused coverage , and small business owners who ca n’t afford to cover their employees will be immediately offered tax credits to purchase coverage .
According to Obama , insurance companies will be required to offer free preventive care to their customers .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ All told , these changes represent the most sweeping reforms and toughest restrictions on insurance companies that this country has ever known , ” the president concluded .
“ That ’s how we ’ll make 2010 a healthier and more secure year for every American – for those who have health insurance , and those who do n’t . ”
This video was published by the White House on Saturday , Jan. 9 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
With AFP .
The record for the world 's largest snowman was set in 2008 in Bethel , Maine .
The snow - woman stood 122 feet 1 inch ( 37.21 m ) in height , and was named in honor of Olympia Snowe , a U.S. Senator representing Maine .
The " snowwoman " towering over this village features eyelashes created from discarded skis and bright red lips made from painted car tires .
She wears a giant red hat and a 100 - foot - long scarf , and her blond tresses are made from rope .
She gets a little bling from a snowflake pendant that 's 6 feet long .
" She 's a beauty .
Gotta love those eyelashes , " said Robin Zinchuk , executive director of the local chamber of commerce and a chief instigator of the town 's offbeat project .
With the temperature in single digits , several hundred people including busloads of schoolchildren turned out for Friday 's dedication of the 122 - foot - tall mountain of snow .
This ski town of about 2,400 residents already holds the record for tallest snowman , dedicated in 1999 .
Since then , they have been waiting for someone else to break the record .
When no one rose to the challenge , the folks here decided they'd have to break the record themselves .
Share : You Might Also Like : loading ...
SOTA
Toys is giving Street Fighter fans a chance to snag a gorgeous , one - of - a- kind Blanka statue , while providing much - needed relief to the earthquake - ravaged country of Haiti .
Advertisement
Behold Lightning Blanka , one of the most attractive renditions of the electrified mutant Street Fighter ever created .
SOTA
Toys made one of these while working on the more traditional green - skinned resin statue of Blanka , and it 's been sitting around looking pretty , waiting for a cause to triumph .
Haiti is that cause .
SOTA will be auctioning off the unique Lightning Blanka resin statue starting February first , with all proceeds from the auction going towards aid for the devastated country .
Considering the normal version of the statue runs $ 99 and the generosity I 've witnessed in the gaming community over the years , the auction should generate a pretty penny .
Advertisement
Check the SOTA Toy 's website on February 1st for a link to the auction .
Hamid Karzai , the Afghan president , used his speech to 70 representatives of foreign countries and international organisations at Thursday ’s conference to say that he would reach out to Afghanistan ’s “ disenchanted brothers ” .
He told the conference in Lancaster House that he would call a “ peace jirga ” or traditional meeting of Afghan elders this spring to try to usher in peace talks .
He said members of the Taliban would be invited .
A new wave of cash demands connected with allegations of illicit file - sharing are being received this week .
In response , consumer group BeingThreatened has produced the most informative handbook ever created , empowering those wrongfully accused to refute the claims against them and hold onto their hard - earned cash .
Back in November 2009 , our exclusive report forecast that thousands of UK Internet users would soon be receiving cash demands in connection with allegations of illicit file - sharing , after lawyers ACS : Law were granted more court orders to obtain their identities .
James Bench from BeingThreatened , a consumer group dedicated to helping those wrongfully accused by this law firm and their partners ( such as Germany - based DigiProtect ) , told Torrent Freak that people are starting to receive them this week .
A small number have arrived to date , fittingly by the cheapest and most unreliable regular postage method available in the UK – 2nd class .
“ So far the unreliability of the evidence appears not to have been addressed , ” Bench explains .
“ 100 % of victims contacting BeingThreatened as a result of this new batch state they did not commit or authorise any copyright infringement of the work they are accused of sharing . ”
Indeed , the unreliability of the evidence presented as part of these threatening letters has been raised yet again , this time by the Lords involved in the Digital Economy Bill debate .
Following on from his earlier criticism , on Monday Lord Lucas noted that the firm making these accusations are “ not nice people to fall foul of , ” they are “ not nice to deal with , ” and later adding “ the methods that they use to extract money are not nice . ”
Lord Lucas went on to explain that ACS : Law had “ been kind enough ” to write to him in person , but went on to criticize the evidence their allegations are based on .
Noting that the evidence is provided by foreign companies that do not disclose the methodology used to obtain it , Lord Lucas observed : “ It may well have been obtained against data protection rules – that is certainly the conclusion that the Swiss and French authorities seem to have reached . ”
Describing the allegations as “ totally impenetrable , ” Lord Lucas said that upon receiving these letters telling account holders that they have to pay money , people have no way of disproving what they are accused of .
“ I think most of their [ ACS : Law’s ] income comes from people who just pay , ” he said .
“ I am not aware that there have been many court cases at the end of this because of the element of bluff . ”
To be more precise , ACS : Law have never taken anyone to court on file - sharing allegations , even though they threaten to .
Of course , the “ bluffing ” strategy can work two ways .
Those who refuse to pay , admit nothing and stand their ground against any wrongful allegations , can also find that they come out on top .
So , how does a complete novice in legal matters stand up to these threats and summon the courage to do so in the face of these “ totally impenetrable ” allegations ?
Simple .
All they have to do is grab a copy of the ‘ Speculative Invoicing Handbook ’ just released by BeingThreatened under a Creative Commons License .
If you have been sent a letter demanding cash for an alleged copyright infringement , do nothing until you have read this handbook cover to cover – it is 100 % free , absolutely comprehensive and could save you hundreds of pounds .
It can be downloaded here .
( radix | 2010 .
01 . 16 . , szo - 23:39 )
Jan. 18 , 2010  --
In the wake of the worst humanitarian disaster in years , post - earthquake Haiti could be one of the most hostile places on earth to give birth .
On Sunday morning , ABC News senior health and medical editor Dr. Richard Besser found himself faced with a woman in labor .
She was 25 years old and a first - time mother , and she was going into labor in a park .
Even in the best of circumstances , the relative lack of medical infrastructure in the tent city where Besser attended to the woman made dealing with such a case a challenge .
This , however , was not the best of circumstances .
The baby appeared to be in what is known as a transverse position – one in which the baby is oriented with its back or shoulder toward the cervix instead of the head .
A foul smelling , brown discharge had already emanated from the mother .
And no movement or heartbeat could be immediately detected from the baby .
At 11:26 AM , using his BlackBerry , Besser contacted several obstetricians for advice in dealing with the problematic case .
Dr. Jacques Moritz , director of gynecology at St. Luke 's - Roosevelt Hospital in New York , was one of these experts .
Moritz , who was in upstate New York for the weekend , responded to the call .
And as Besser 's texts revealed more and more information , Moritz said the situation quickly appeared to go from bad to worse .
" My fingers were kind of trembling on the BlackBerry , " said Moritz , who in the past has provided medical services in Haiti .
" Even if I had been there myself , it would have been a bad situation . "
The foul - smelling discharge , Moritz said , indicated than an infection was possible , even likely .
But more troubling was the reported orientation of the baby .
" In the transverse position , it is impossible to deliver vaginally , " he said , adding that the only option would be to perform a c-section .
" Without the medical ability to do a c-section ... the baby would die in labor , and soon enough the mother would die . "
The only hope would be to get to a hospital .
And time was running short .
Haiti Dangerous for Mothers , Babies
Even before Tuesday 's massive earthquake , statistics had shown that Haiti is a dangerous place to give birth .
According to the United Nations Children 's Fund ( UNICEF ) , Haiti has the highest rate of infant , under - five and maternal mortality in the Western hemisphere .
Out of every 1,000 children born alive , 57 die before their first birthdays in Haiti .
By comparison , in the United States the rate is 7 per 1,000 .
And according to the UNICEF 's 2005 statistics , the maternal death rate stood at 670 deaths per 100,000 births -- a rate that puts it closer to countries in Sub -Saharan Africa than neighbors in the Americas .
Just across the border in the Dominican Republic , only 150 women per 100,000 births die .
Other statistics are equally grim .
A woman in Haiti has a 1 in 44 chance of dying from childbirth in her lifetime , according to the World Health Organization .
The comparable statistic for the United States is 1 in 4,800 .
Part of the problem may be that even in the best of times , medical resources may not be accessible to many Haitians .
" About 80 percent of the population delivers outside of the hospital on a good day [ in Haiti ] , " Moritz said .
Past bouts with hurricanes and other crises have revealed that in times of crisis , these odds can get even worse .
And even if a baby and mother survive childbirth , the odds can be stacked against infants .
UNICEF has found that one in four babies in Haiti are born underweight , and only about half are fully immunized against diseases such as measles , polio , and whooping cough .
Dr. Ligia Peralta , associate professor of pediatrics at the University of Maryland School of Medicine in Baltimore , said that for most Haitian women who are delivering babies in the aftermath of this disaster , the prognosis is grim .
" Number one is the problem if premature delivery based on trauma , " said Peralta , who herself has provided medical services in Haiti in the past .
She added that these mothers may , in cases of natural disasters , already be injured .
" Number two is going to be infection , which is very likely in this case . "
And then there is the problem of maternal hemorrhage and bleeding in the course of delivery .
With the Red Cross reporting shortages of medical supplies and equipment in the wake of the disaster , doctors on the ground may not have immediate access to even basic needs like sutures , sterile equipment and antibiotics .
Basic Medical Supply Shortage in Haiti Poses Problems
In the case of massive bleeding during childbirth , Peralta said , the mothers " should have some sutures ; if that 's not available , doctors will be unable to stop the bleeding mechanically .
" Also , if blood supplies are not available , it will be very difficult to deal with these situations , " Peralta said .
" You can have the best and most skilled , well - trained physicians , but without the necessary tools and antibiotics to prevent infection , it will be very difficult to have the best outcome . "
Hope Amid a Disastrous Situation
By Sunday afternoon , Moritz received the first few hopeful e-mail messages from Besser of the day .
He and the 25 - year - old woman were in an ambulance , en route to an Israeli field hospital that was set up in a Port - au - Prince soccer field near the airport on Friday evening .
There they met the team of Israeli doctors , nurses and paramedics who had at their disposal a pharmacy , a children 's ward , a radiology department , an intensive care unit , an emergency room , two operating rooms , a surgical department , an internal department -- and most importantly , a maternity ward .
Even better news followed -- an ultrasound suggested that the baby was not only still alive , but oriented head - first , suggesting a likelihood of a normal , non-surgical delivery .
And shortly after 6:00 p.m. on Sunday evening , the baby -- a girl -- was born .
She was born premature , at only 32 weeks gestation , and weighed only 3 pounds , 15 ounces .
And even though the greatest threats to her health may now have passed , she still faces an uphill battle ; aside from having experienced slow growth in the womb , she was born with a leg problem .
But doctors expect the leg problems to heal .
The mother is doing well , despite having experienced preeclampsia , a leading killer of pregant women in Haiti , shortly before giving birth .
And when Besser spoke with the doctor who delivered the baby , he said that the earthquake , ironically , likely saved the lives of both baby and mother .
" He said that had she delivered at home , both the mother and baby would have died , " Besser said .
Another baby was delivered at the same Israeli field hospital , which Besser said is " phenomenal " and has been up and running since Saturday .
That grateful mother named her child Israel .
Calling its recent crisis a “ wake - up call ” the TTC has announced a series of measures it says will raise the bar on customer service across the transit system .
The changes range from a rider “ bill of rights ” and new technology to communicate better with passengers , to customer service training for staff and even a review of their uniforms .
They ’re meant to raise the bar on the transit system ’s customer service after two months of consistently bad news for the TTC .
A significant fare increase , a disastrous subway disruption , token shortages and highly publicized photos of sleeping employees have resulted in what TTC chief general manager Gary Webster called “ a feeding frenzy ” of criticism .
“ There ’s a higher expectation today and the TTC needs to line up to that expectation , ” said TTC chair Adam Giambrone .
He also issued an apology for the “ missteps of the last couple of months . ”
Details of a previously announced advisory panel , including private sector customer service experts , wo n’t be available until next week , said Giambrone .
Meantime , he said , “ I expect TTC staff will act quickly to restore the customers ’ confidence . ”
TTC chief general manager Gary Webster acknowledged that the technological changes cited at a city hall press conference Wednesday might be the easier part of the customer service equation .
“ The most challenging part of our job is the people side .
Some of the real challenges are the one - on - one interfaces of our employees , ” he said .
Among the customer service improvements outlined Wednesday were the following :
• Improved customer assistance and more emergency transfers when there are major subway delays .
• More TTC ambassadors at stations to help direct riders .
• A review of uniforms and dress code for frontline TTC workers .
• More use of " secret shoppers " to test courtesy across the system .
• A 24/7 hotline for TTC information and complaints .
• 50 new vending machines to dispense Metropasses .
There are currently 10 .
• Video screens at collector booths and stations to update system status information .
• Text messages for next - vehicle arrival at 800 streetcar stops by July and for all bus stops by the end of 2011 .
• LED screens at select shelters and subway stations that have streetcar stops with next vehicle arrival information .
• New microphones in collector booths so employees and customers do n't have to yell .
• Online trip planner to be unveiled next week .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
• Possible expansion of program that trains summer students to direct riders at busy stations .
• A panel of customer service advisers to be announced next week to advise the TTC on improving its relationship with riders .
Panel will conduct public consultations and draft a customer charter or bill of rights .
No details on whether riders or employees would be included on the panel , but Giambrone said private - sector advisers and possibly someone from another successful transit system could be included .
The TTC received 31,532 complaints last year .
The top two complaints were 5,513 for surface vehicle delays and 3,851 complaints about discourteous employees .
New records of UK convicts sent to Australia go online
More than 160,000 convicts were deported to Australia by Britain New records of more than 55,000 convicts transported to Australia in the 18th and 19th centuries have gone online for the first time .
They contain details of people who were shipped to Australia and were subsequently pardoned or served out their sentences .
Family history website Ancestry .co.uk said the records could be accessed for free for seven days from 24 January .
The company estimates more than two million Britons have convict ancestors .
The convict registers of conditional and absolute pardons 1791 to 1846 , and the New South Wales certificates of freedom 1827 to 1867 have been launched online .
Ancestry.co.uk said the publication marked the end of a four - year project and the launch was to coincide with Australia Day on Tuesday .
' Full journey ' Company spokesman Dan Jones said : " While Australia 's convict history itself has been well documented , there are thousands of individual stories in the collection just waiting to be told . "
All 15 registers , which comprise the Australian Convicts Collection , can be read for free for a week .
They contain various details including personal information , place of conviction , name of ship and departure date .
After 30 January , people will have to pay to search the records .
Australia became a penal colony in the late 18th century to alleviate the chronic overcrowding in British jails , with the first 780 convicts arriving in 1788 .
When the last shipment of convicts disembarked in Western Australia in 1868 , more than 160,000 convicts had been transported to the continent .
' Prince of pickpockets '
The journey to Australia by boat took eight months and the majority of the convicts were men .
Although a small number had been found guilty of serious crimes such as murder and assault , most had committed minor offences .
Among the thousands of convicts detailed in the collection are a number of infamous criminals including Israel Chapman , a highwayman who later became one of New South Wales 's first police detectives .
The journey of George Barrington - the so - called ' prince of pickpockets ' - is also there .
He was a gentleman thief who received an absolute pardon in 1796 after helping to quell a mutiny during the voyage .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
It ’s time to do a new compiler smackdown for a few reasons :
It has been quite awhile since the last one .
I received a request to know how icc 11.1 measured up .
I wanted an excuse to post a picture of the GCC cheerleaders .
For this round , I tested x86_64 on my Core 2 Duo 2.0 GHz .
I compiled FFmpeg with 6 versions of gcc ( including gcc 4.5 , svn 156187 ) , 3 versions of icc , and the latest ( svn 94292 ) of LLVM .
Then I used the resulting FFmpeg binaries to decode both a Theora / Vorbis video and an H.264/ AAC video .
Ogg / Theora / Vorbis , 1920 ×1080 video , 48000
Hz stereo audio , nearly 10 minutes :
MP4/H.264/AAC : 1280×720 video , 48000
Hz stereo audio , 4.5 minutes :
Wow !
Look at LLVM go .
I take back all , or at least some , of the smack I ’ve typed about it in previous posts .
Out of the free compiler solutions , LLVM makes my Theora code suck the least .
Other relevant data about this round :
FFmpeg SVN 21390 used for this test
Flags : ‘ –disable - debug –disable-amd3dnow –disable -amd3dnowext –disable - mmx – disable - mmx2 –disable - sse – disable - ssse3 – disable - yasm ’ used for all configurations ; also used ‘ –disable - asm ’ which might make a lot of those obsolete now .
gcc 4.3-4.5 used “ - march=core2 - mtune=core2 ” ; icc versions used “ –cpu=core2 – parallel ”
See Also :
Even Republicans should be able to get stoned , according to a Fox News anchor .
While interviewing Cheech Marin and Tommy Chong , Fox News ’ Gretchen Carlson found herself in the curious position of advocating for marijuana rights Friday .
Chong told Carlson that he wants to see marijuana legalized — but not for Republicans .
“ We want to legalize pot for everyone that wants to smoke it .
You know , we do n’t want to legalize it for Republicans . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Carlson quickly came to the defense of stoners in the GOP .
“ That would n’t be fair .
Would it ? ” asked Carlson .
“ I mean being fair and balanced , if you want to legalize it should n’t you want to legalize it for everyone ? ”
“ I want to legalize it for everyone , ” answered Marin .
This is n’t the first time that the duo have pulled politics into their desire for legalization .
Only a week ago , the pair said they wanted to smoke with Sarah Palin .
Marin believes she grows it herself in Alaska while Chong told Politico , “ she answered a lot of questions like a stoner . ”
The stars of “ Up in Smoke ” received “ The Trailblazer Award ” from the Marijuana Policy Project for their advocacy of marijuana legalization earlier this month .
The two have now embarked on the “ Get it Legal ” comedy tour .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from Fox News ’ Fox & Friends , broadcast Jan. 22 , 2010 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Senate Democratic healthcare negotiators said they agreed on Tuesday to replace a government - run insurance option with a scaled - back non-profit plan and would seek cost estimates on the deal .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid talks to reporters about healthcare legislation after the senate Democrats ' weekly policy lunch on Capitol Hill , December 8 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Jonathan Ernst
“ We have a broad agreement , ” Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid told reporters , refusing to provide details of the healthcare proposals to be sent to the Congressional Budget Office .
A team of 10 Senate Democrats -- five liberals and five moderates -- had worked for days to find a substitute to the government - run “ public ” insurance option included in the Senate healthcare bill after moderates voiced concerns about it .
The government - run plan has been one of the biggest hurdles for the healthcare overhaul , which is President Barack Obama ’s top domestic priority .
Democratic Senate sources said the substitute would create a non-profit plan operated by private insurers but administered by the Office of Personnel Management , which supervises health coverage for federal workers .
One of the liberal negotiators , Democratic Senator Russ Feingold , said he had concerns about the direction of the talks on the public insurance option , which was designed to create more choice for consumers and competition for insurers .
“ I do not support proposals that would replace the public option in the bill with a purely private approach , ” Feingold said .
“ We need to have some competition for the insurance industry to keep rates down and save taxpayer dollars . ”
The negotiators also sought cost estimates on an expansion of the Medicare health program for the elderly , which is now available at age 65 , to Americans as young as 55 who could “ buy - in ” to the coverage , a Democratic source said .
That proposal , designed to create more affordable insurance options for older workers , had been pushed by liberal Democrats in exchange for dropping their support for the public option .
“ I ’ve got a smile on my face , ” Democratic Senator John Rockefeller , who has been advocating the Medicare expansion since 2001 , told reporters after the talks broke up .
‘ MORE COMPETITION ’
“ Insurance companies will certainly have more competition , ” Reid said of the deal , which he said would be enough to bring the bill to final passage .
“ The American people will certainly have more choices . ”
The Democrats met in Reid ’s office late into Tuesday , their fourth consecutive day of negotiating , and afterward Reid said the deal could lead to final passage of the bill .
Democratic Senator Tom Carper said once the cost estimates were received from CBO “ then we ’ll take it up and decide what we can afford . ”
The other potential hurdle to the healthcare overhaul was abortion , and the Senate on Tuesday rejected an attempt to tighten restrictions on abortion coverage -- a vote that could threaten a crucial Democrat ’s support for passage of the bill .
Democratic Senator Ben Nelson ’s amendment to tighten the bill ’s restrictions on the use of federal funds for abortions , identical to a provision approved by the House of Representatives last month , was killed on a 54 - 45 vote .
Without the abortion language , Nelson had threatened he would not back the final healthcare bill when it came to a vote .
If he followed through , Democrats would be one vote short of the 60 they need to pass the measure .
But after his amendment failed , Nelson softened his stance slightly .
“ It makes it harder to be supportive .
We ’ll see what happens , ” he told reporters .
Reid said he was willing to keep working with Nelson to add language to the bill that would resolve the concerns on both sides of the divisive issue .
“ If in fact he does n’t succeed here , we ’ll try something else , ” Reid said of Nelson before the vote .
Nelson said he was not looking to negotiate a compromise .
The amendment would have blocked people who receive federal subsidies from buying insurance plans that cover abortions and prohibited a proposed government insurance plan from offering abortion coverage in most circumstances .
The Senate was on its ninth day of debate on the bill , which would extend coverage to 30 million uninsured people and halt industry practices like refusing coverage to those with pre-existing medical conditions .
Senators are racing the clock to meet a self - imposed end - of - year deadline for the bill ’s final passage .
It would still need to be reconciled with the House version in January .
Jonathan Leake at the Sunday Times has discovered that the Information Commissioner believes that offences were committed under the Freedom of Information Act at CRU .
As readers here know , the ICO is not able to take any action because there is apparently a six month time - bar on summary offences such as these .
The emails which are now public reveal that Mr Holland 's requests under the Freedom of Information
Act were not dealt with as they should have been under the legislation .
Section 77 of the Freedom of Information
Act makes it an offence for public authorities to act so as to prevent intentionally the disclosure of requested information .
Mr Holland 's FOI requests were submitted in 2007 / 8 , but it has only recently come to light that they were not dealt with in accordance with the Act .
The legislation requires action within six months of the offence taking place , so by the time the action taken came to light the opportunity to consider a prosecution was long gone .
The ICO is gathering evidence from this and other time - barred cases to support the case for a change in the law .
It is important to note that the ICO enforces the law as it stands - we do not make it .
Intruigingly , there does seem to be a hint of a possibility of action under the data protection act .
We will also be studying the investigation reports ( by Lord Russell [ sic ] and Norfolk Police ) , and we will then consider what regulatory action , if any , should then be taken under the Data Protection Act .
( Source - press release , so no link ) .
The dollar has had a huge effect on the stock market 's moves this year .
As the dollar has depreciated , many stocks have climbed higher ; the logic is that a weaker dollar will boost the bottom lines of companies such as McDonald 's ( NYSE : MCD ) , Aflac ( NYSE : AFL ) , and Coca - Cola ( NYSE : KO ) , all of which derive a substantial portion of their revenues from abroad .
The depreciating dollar has also boosted commodity prices and associated commodity stocks such as Freeport - McMoRan ( NYSE : FCX ) or Newmont Mining ( NYSE : NEM ) , serving to lift the market .
As we approach 2010 , what is the future of the dollar , and what are the implications for the asset prices that move inversely to it ?
What does it all mean when it comes to rebalancing the global economy and our economic relationship with China ?
For some insight on all this , I spoke with the man who had the foresight to call the financial meltdown in 2006 : Peter Schiff , president and chief global strategist of Euro Pacific Capital and author of the newly updated book Crash Proof 2.0 .
Schiff believes the dollar is on a long - term downward trajectory , and that it could collapse if the government continues its current policies .
That has implications for the stock market and gold , which he thinks could go to $ 5,000 an ounce .
Here 's an edited transcript of our conversation :
Jennifer Schonberger :
You 've been bearish on the dollar for some time .
Do you still stand by your bearish call for the greenback ?
Peter Schiff : Yes .
I think the dollar is going to fall for years .
It 's not going to fall every day , or every week .
There are going to be periods of time where the dollar rallies -- that 's how markets work .
Like a bull market climbs a wall of worry , a bear market follows a slope of hope .
And there 's always going to be hope that the dollar is going to recover , based on " maybe the Fed will raise interest rates , " " maybe the U.S. economy will improve . "
But none of that is going to help the dollar .
I think the dollar 's fate has been sealed by the policies being pursued by the government and the Federal Reserve , and unfortunately it 's a grim fate .
Schonberger :
If the dollar does remain weak , as you expect , what are the implications in terms of rebalancing the global economy ?
Schiff :
Part of rebalancing the global economy is going to necessitate a lower dollar .
The reason the global economy is so out of balance is because the dollar is artificially strong .
It 's been propped up by foreign central banks , and this enables Americans to import products they really can't afford .
So if we want the global imbalances to be solved , it 's going to require a lower dollar -- and that 's what 's going to happen .
The longer foreign central banks artificially prop up the dollar , enabling Americans to keep spending borrowed money , the worse the global imbalances are going to get .
Schonberger :
You recently wrote , " While [ China 's ] peg [ to the U.S. dollar ] certainly is responsible for much of the world 's problems , its abandonment would cause severe hardship in the United States . "
Why ?
Schiff :
It would cause hardship in the U.S. , but it 's something that we have to deal with sooner rather than later .
By propping up the U.S. dollar and by carrying U.S. - dollar - denominated debt -- U.S. Treasuries , mortgage - backed securities -- the Chinese have kept interest rates and consumer prices artificially low .
Americans have been able to benefit from that in the short run because their mortgages , car payments , and credit card payments are lower .
They can go to stores like Wal - Mart ( NYSE : WMT ) and get those everyday low prices .
But those prices are n't because of Wal - Mart , they 're because of China .
When the Chinese government removes all those subsidies , there 's going to be an immediate benefit to the Chinese people , because they 're suddenly going to see lower prices and more access to capital .
In America , we 're going to have the rug pulled out from under us ...
Schonberger :
The dollar is central to the relationships of other assets ' prices .
There is an inverse relationship between the dollar and equities .
Do you expect that linkage ( between the dollar and equities ) to continue into next year ?
Schiff : Remember , there 's an inverse relationship between the dollar and the price of everything , because as the dollar loses value , you need more dollars to buy anything .
That 's true for an ounce of gold , a barrel of oil , a bushel of wheat , or shares of stock .
So you 're always going to see prices rising as the dollar is falling .
That 's what 's happening now .
Now at some point , inflation could be so problematic that it drives interest rates up substantially , and as inflation gets bigger and bigger , the prices that tend to react more quickly will be things like food and energy .
So if U.S. corporations suddenly see the cost of their long - term debt or short - term debt jump up and their customers do n't have any money to buy their products because they 're spending all their money on food , then ultimately you could see falling stock prices as the dollar is falling .
Schonberger : Speaking of relationships , you expect gold to go to $ 5,000 an ounce , correct ?
Schiff : Yeah .
It could go higher than that , but I think $ 5,000 is a reasonable expectation of where gold is headed over the course of the next several years , based on monetary and fiscal policy that is in place .
Now if the government were to reverse course -- if they suddenly brought the budget into surplus , and if the Fed aggressively raised interest rates back up to a reasonable level , say 5 % , 6 % , or 7 % , not just a quarter - point every few months -- then gold would probably not get to $ 5,000 .
But I do n't think they 're going to do that .
Based on what the Fed is saying and doing , they 're going to keep interest rates at practically nothing for as far as the eye can see .
The U.S. economy is not recovering .
All we 're doing is spending stimulus money .
The minute you take away the stimulus , all the GDP growth , all the jobs that are associated with that stimulus spending , will vanish .
So they can't take the stimulus away without destroying the phony recovery .
So if interest rates are going to stay low and they 're going to keep printing money , the only thing that 's going to happen is the dollar is going to fall until it all of a sudden collapses ...
Schonberger :
So then you 're actually calling for a collapse in the dollar relatively soon ?
Schiff : Relatively soon , yes .
Maybe not tomorrow , but I think it will happen soon .
I think it will happen before Barack Obama leaves office even if he 's only a one - termer .
The first initial collapse in the dollar will be about a 50 % , 60 % , or 70 % decline in dollar value .
That collapse will usher in the new leg -- the much more severe leg of our economic downturn .
Not only will we have a financial crisis , but we 'll also have a currency and economic crisis .
Hopefully that will be the tough medicine , the shock that finally causes Congress and the Fed to abandon its current policy and start doing the right thing .
If it does n't -- if they respond to that big drop in the dollar by creating more inflation , and if they fail to raise interest rates aggressively and withdraw liquidity -- then they will turn the dollar into confetti .
Then we will have hyperinflation .
If we go down that road , gold prices are n't just going to $ 5,000 , they 'll go to $ 50,000 , or $ 500,000 .
I hope that cooler heads will prevail before we go down that road , but from this point that 's still a possibility if we do n't change policies .
Strong words from Peter Schiff .
Share your own in the comments section below .
The nutters at the Westboro Baptist Church , best known for their protests of military funerals and “ god hates fags ” signs have a new target in their sites : Twitter .
From 4:30 - 5:00 pm local time Thursday ( January 28 , ) Westboro members will be picketing outside the headquarters of Twitter in San Francisco .
Just what their gripe with Twitter is though is n’t immediately clear from their page on the picket , although naturally it has something to do with God .
“ They have a duty to God just like every other person to serve God and to use ALL their resources in their service to him ” reads the explanation for the picket .
But along with using Twitter themselves ( they ’ll actually be tweeting from the picket line , ) the Church may actually be in part defending Twitter , well , if you can define the sentence “ Obama ’s about to take away any / all resources like Twitter to serve him and his Antichristic agenda , so enjoy this freedom while it lasts a little longer ” a defense of free speech .
If you ’re in San Francisco Thursday afternoon and want to taunt the nutters , Twitter HQ is as 795 Folsom St .
( in part via Carnalnation )
According to Wolffe , the White House is investigating whether or not the systemic failure was anything more than human error .
The questions being asked are -- was this some kind of failure due to internal tensions between intelligence communities ?
Was information withheld intentionally in order to " make someone look bad ? "
Wolffe says that the White House is in very early stages of this investigation .
Olbermann reported that the president will make a statement tomorrow around 4 pm .
Update 6 : The above statement is not related to Wolffe 's reported investigation .
It is a statement to be made after a meeting between the president and his senior advisers :
President Barack Obama and Vice - President Joe Biden will meet with senior advisors Tuesday to review an attempted terrorist attack on Northwest Flight 253 from Amsterdam to Detroit on Christmas Day .
[...]
Immediately following the closed - door meeting , Obama will address the media from the Grand Foyer .
Detroit Free Press
During the interview with Wolffe on Countdown , he repeated the phrase " cock up or conspiracy ? " more than once and made it clear that his information was coming from the White House .
Wolffe was later on Rachel Maddow 's show by telephone .
His words were a bit calmer this time , but again he said that there is an investigation and that there is a question about whether or not the withholding of information was intentional .
He said that there is a lot of finger pointing going on in intelligence community , that the president is really " steamed " and that there is a line of inquiry that goes to the heart of why this was n't shared .
He and Rachel talked about how the intent may not necessarily be malicious , but may be more political .
I think we should expect to hear more about this , as it looks like the White House put this information out intentionally , even if anonymously .
Look for the repeat of the Countdown show if you missed it .
I want to get diary out but also want to add more information as it becomes available , so there should be one or more update soon .
Update 3
Let 's just say - stupid updates removed .
I included , in Update 1 , an article from a source that I should have vetted before touching anything associated with him .
I had never heard of the guy , but apparently he's an infamous conspiracy theorist .
Removed .
Update 4 is at the top of the diary ( link to video )
Update 5 Transcript ( done by me ) of segment on Countdown with Richard Wolffe , and first part of interview with Arianna Huffington .
KO : Let 's turn first to MSNBC political analyst Richard Wolffe , also author of " Renegade : The Making of a President . "
Good evening , Richard .
RW : Good evening , Keith .
KO :
What is the focus here right now ?
Is it the push back , borders at other airports ?
Is it the indication that the intelligence such as what the NSA knew about Al Qaeda in Yemen using a Nigerian man for an attack was not maybe is not being utilized ?
Where is the focus right now ?
RW : Well I was speaking to White House folks earlier today and it's clear the president is still deeply concerned and troubled even angry at the intelligence lapses but they see this more as an intelligence lapse more than as a situation of airport security faults .
So the question is why did n't the centralized system of intelligence that was set up after 9/11 , why did n't it work ?
Is it conspiracy or cock up ?
Is it a case of the agencies having so much rivalry between them that they were more determined to stymy each other or the centralized system rather than the terrorist threat or was it just that there were so many dots no one could connect them because it was just all too random to figure out .
It seems that the president is leaning very much towards thinking this was a systemic failure by individuals who maybe had an alternative agenda .
KO :
If airport security is the failsafe in that equation , what was behind the Bush adminstration 's failure to establish the secondary checks overseas ?
Why are we suddenly rushing to this idea now ?
When did Mr. Bush and , I presume , Mr. Chertoff , drop that ball ?
RW : Well there are more smart , more efficient ways to protect the country than to defend every airport because we know from our own airport system in this country that there are no failsafe methods , even with all the extra methods that you have out there -- people take off their shoes because of the shoe bomber , and then terrorists try and put the same explosives on another part of their body or another part of their clothing .
The question here is why was n't the intelligence directed at countries where Al Qaeda was reconstituting or establishing itself anew .
That gets you to a strategic question which , unfortunately , the last administration failed to see because it was diverted , most classically , into Iraq .
KO :
To your second point there , and we can sort of skip the Woody Allen joke , about how underwear will now be worn on the outside so we can check ... your second point you suggested in there that the administration is looking into mixed , perhaps mixed motives , or misplaced priorities , I 'm not sure exactly how you phrased that ... in terms of what ?
Getting messages from A to B ?
Are people thought to have been deliberately withholding information so that the dots could not be connected ?
RW : Right .
The question is , was this information that was shared ... remember , there was some sharing of information but it involves the father of this , in the end , terrorist , who walks in to see the CIA officials in a foreign embassy , this is an American embassy in a foreign country , and you know , that information was n't shared fully .
Why was n't it shared fully ?
The question there is again , cock up or conspiracy .
Was there a reason these agencies were at war with each other that prevented that intelligence from being shared ?
KO :
Is the implication there that there is at least a possibility that somebody understood how serious this could be and yet withheld information in order to make some other part of the counterterrorism system look bad ?
RW : That has got to be an area that the White House is looking into and , you know , motives can be hard to assess because it's not clear that this person was easily identified as a terrorist .
Even with the father coming forward saying they had concerns , was that more of a family concern or were there enough fingerprints here about the radicalization of this individual to suggest that it should have been taken to a different level -- at the very least a security level beyond more than a nominal sharing of information .
That 's where this inquiry , this internal inquiry , for the moment , has to go .
KO : Well , certainly , not to get too far ahead of what the information the White House does n't have , and presumably you do n't have and certainly I do n't have , but that seems to me that what you 're describing , at least in theory , is a far greater threat than a guy with explosives on an airplane , whether or not he succeeds in blowing them up .
RW : Well it 's the most important line of defense .
I do n't know that it 's a threat in itself .
But you can defend every airport as much as you like , in the end though the most efficient , safest , border line for security has got to be human intelligence .
There seems to have been plenty of human intelligence in this case .
---
KO : We 're joined now by Arianna Huffington , cofounder , editor in chief of Huffington Post .
Good evening .
AH : Good evening , Keith KO : Ah , Richard 's last point there , forgive me if I 'm a little flustered , but that seemed a little startling to contemplate that in a day and age when presumably we 're all , whatever we think of the threat of terror in this world , presumably we 're all on the same side if we have something to do with this country , that somebody may be deliberately , in the counterterrorism system that we employ around the world , deliberately withholding information , no matter what the consequences might be .
What do you think of that ?
AH : I know , it was an astounding statement , especially since Richard said that he had talked to people in the White House who are leaning towards that conclusion in terms of a systemic failure in terms of how our intelligence system is operating ...
Update 7 : Transcript ( done by me ) of segment on The Rachel Maddow Show with Richard Wolffe and link to video .
Video : http://www.msnbc.msn.com/...
Transcript :
The men were held at an undisclosed location before arriving at the embassy
Two Swiss businessmen detained in Libya for more than a year are to be put on trial for tax evasion and visa irregularities , Libyan officials say .
Max Goeldi and Rachid Hamdani were refused exit visas in July 2008 , soon after the arrest in Geneva of a son of Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi .
They were handed over to the Swiss embassy in Tripoli on Monday , fuelling expectations they would be released .
But foreign ministry official Khaled Keim said they would stand trial .
Mr Keim called on Switzerland not to make any links between the case and the issue of what he called the " aggression " against Col Gaddafi 's son , Hannibal .
" They will be tried and charged with non respect for residence visa procedures and tax evasion , " he said in a statement on Thursday , quoted by Reuters .
Charges dropped
Hannibal Gaddafi and his wife were arrested at their luxury hotel in Geneva in July 2008 after being accused of mistreating two of their servants .
The charges were later dropped , but the case angered Tripoli .
Their arrest sparked retaliatory measures from Libya , including cancelling oil supplies , withdrawing billions of dollars from Swiss banks , refusing visas to Swiss citizens and recalling some of its diplomats .
Mr Goeldi and Mr Hamdani were stopped from leaving the country days after the arrest .
Swiss President Hans - Rudolf
Merz apologised for the arrests in August - in a move many hoped would secure the businessmen 's release .0
But the pair were held at an undisclosed location until being handed over to the Swiss embassy .
Mr Keim said they must now leave the embassy and choose another place to stay so they can be reached by their lawyers and law enforcement officials , Reuters reported .
Paul Chesser at the American Spectator tips me via email to a TV news report from WHTM - TV in Harrisburg , PA .
WHTM is the TV station whose DMA covers State College .
Chesser writes :
Following up from yesterday , the ABC news station in Harrisburg did a fair - and - balanced story about the Commonwealth Foundation ‘s call for an outside , independent investigation of Penn State ’s Climategate scientist , Michael Mann .
Here ’s the video news report :
Transcript here :
ABC27 : Penn State at Center of Global Warming Debate
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
More than 40 sites across Iraq are contaminated with high levels or radiation and dioxins , with three decades of war and neglect having left environmental ruin in large parts of the country , an official Iraqi study has found .
Areas in and near Iraq 's largest towns and cities , including Najaf , Basra and ­Falluja , account for around 25 % of the contaminated sites , which appear to coincide with communities that have seen increased rates of cancer and birth defects over the past five years .
The joint study by the environment , health and science ministries found that scrap metal yards in and around Baghdad and Basra contain high levels of ionising radiation , which is thought to be a legacy of depleted uranium used in munitions during the first Gulf war and since the 2003 invasion .
The environment minister , Narmin Othman , said high levels of dioxins on agricultural lands in southern Iraq , in particular , were increasingly thought to be a key factor in a general decline in the health of people living in the poorest parts of the country .
Toxic zones in Iraq
" If we look at Basra , there are some heavily polluted areas there and there are many factors contributing to it , " ­she told the Guardian .
" First , it has been a battlefield for two wars , the Gulf war and the Iran - Iraq war , where many kinds of bombs were used .
Also , oil pipelines were bombed and most of the contamination settled in and around Basra .
" The soil has ended up in people 's lungs and has been on food that people have eaten .
Dioxins have been very high in those areas .
All of this has caused systemic problems on a very large scale for both ecology and overall health . "
Government study groups have recently focused on the war - ravaged city of ­Falluja , west of ­Baghdad , where the unstable security situation had kept scientists away ever since fierce fighting between militants and US forces in 2004 .
" We have only found one area so far in Falluja , " Othman said .
" But there are other areas that we will try to explore soon with international help . "
The Guardian reported in November claims by local doctors of a massive rise in birth defects in the city , particularly neural tube defects , which afflict the spinal cords and brains of newborns .
" We are aware of the reports , but we must be cautious in reaching conclusions about causes , " Othman said .
" The general health of the city is not good .
There is no sewerage system there and there is a lot of stagnant household waste , creating sickness that is directly affecting genetics .
We do know , however , that a lot of depleted uranium was used there .
" We have been regulating and monitoring this and we have been urgently trying to assemble a database .
We have had co-operation from the United Nations environment programme and have given our reports in Geneva .
We have studied 500 sites for chemicals and depleted uranium .
Until now we have found 42 places that have been declared as [ high risk ] both from uranium and toxins . "
Ten of those areas have been classified by Iraq 's nuclear decommissioning body as having high levels of radiation .
They include the sites of three former nuclear reactors at the Tuwaitha facility – once the pride of Saddam ­Hussein 's regime on the south - eastern outskirts of Baghdad – as well as former research centres around the capital that were either bombed or dismantled between the two Gulf wars .
The head of the decommissioning body , Adnan Jarjies , said that when inspectors from the International Atomic Energy Agency arrived to " visit these sites , I tell them that even if we have all the best science in the world to help us , none of them could be considered to be clean before 2020 . "
Bushra Ali Ahmed , director of the Radiation Protection Centre in Baghdad , said only 80 % of Iraq had so far been surveyed .
" We have focused so far on the sites that have been contaminated by the wars , " he said .
" We have further plans to swab sites that have been destroyed by war .
" A big problem for us is when say a tank has been destroyed and then moved , we are finding a clear radiation trail .
It takes a while to decontaminate these sites . "
Scrap sites remain a prime concern .
Wastelands of rusting cars and war damage dot Baghdad and other cities between the capital and Basra , offering unchecked access to both children and scavengers .
Othman said Iraq 's environmental degradation is being intensified by an acute drought and water shortage across the country that has seen a 70 % decrease in the volume of water flowing through the Euphrates and Tigris rivers .
" We can no longer in good conscience call ourselves the land between the rivers , " she said .
" A lot of the water we are getting has first been used by Turkey and Syria for power generation .
When it reaches us it is poor quality .
That water which is used for agriculture is often contaminated .
We are in the midst of an unmatched environmental disaster . "
What solved the problem in yesterdays terror attack ?
A passenger getting out of his seat to tackle the terrorist .
So whats the governments plan for handling such problems in the future ?
Putting more restrictions on passengers  freedom to get out of their seats .
hardware demo during the lecture
This presentation will show the first experimental implementation of an eavesdropper for quantum cryptosystem .
Although quantum cryptography has been proven unconditionally secure , by exploiting physical imperfections ( detector vulnerability ) we have successfully built an intercept - resend attack and demonstrated eavesdropping under realistic conditions on an installed quantum key distribution line .
The actual eavesdropping hardware we have built will be shown during the conference .
Quantum cryptography , as being based on the laws of physics , was claimed to be much more secure than all classical cryptography schemes .
( Un ) fortunately physical hardware is not beyond of an evil control :
We present a successful attack of an existing quantum key distribution system exploiting a photon detector vulnerability which is probably present in all existing devices .
Without Alice and Bob losing their faith in their secure communication , we recorded 100 % of the supposedly secret key .
Single photon detectors based on passively quenched avalanche photodiodes are used in a number of quantum key distribution experiments .
A vulnerability has been found in which these detectors can be temporarily blinded and then forced to produce a click [ 1 ] .
An attack exploiting this vulnerability against a free - space polarization based quantum cryptosystem [ 2,3 ] is feasible .
By controlling the polarization of a bright beam the eavesdropper
Eve can force any detector of her choice to fire in the legitimate receiver Bob , such that she gets a full control of it without introducing additional errors .
This allows
Eve to run an intercept - resend attack without getting caught , and obtain a full copy of the transmitted secret key .
We have fully demonstrated this attack under realistic conditions on an installed fiber optic quantum key distribution system .
The system uses polarization encoding over 290 m of optical fiber spanning four buildings .
A complete eavesdropper has been built , inserted at a mid-way point in the fiber line , and 100 % of the secret key information has been recorded .
Under attack , no significant changes in the system operating parameters have been observed by the legitimate users , which have happily continued to generate their ' secret ' key .
[ 1 ] V. Makarov , New J. Phys. 11 , 065003 ( 2009 ) . [ 2 ]
I. Marcikic , A. Lamas - Linares , C. Kurtsiefer , Appl. Phys. Lett. 89 , 101122 ( 2006 ) . [ 3 ]
M. P. Peloso et al. , New J. Phys. 11 , 045007 ( 2009 ) .
Wife of former White House lawyer sues for $ 30 million Ex -White House attorney faces civil suit in beating
John Michael Farren , 57 , of New Canaan , Conn , is arraigned in state Superior Court in Norwalk , Conn , Thursday , Jan. 7 , 2010 .
Farren , a onetime top attorney to former President George W. Bush is accused of trying to kill his wife at their Connecticut home by beating her with a flashlight and choking her .
Farren , 57 , is charged with strangulation and attempted murder .
less John Michael Farren , 57 , of New Canaan , Conn , is arraigned in state Superior Court in Norwalk , Conn , Thursday , Jan. 7 , 2010 .
Farren , a onetime top attorney to former President George W. Bush is accused of ... more Photo : Kerry Sherck Photo : Kerry Sherck Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Wife of former White House lawyer sues for $ 30 million 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
STAMFORD --
The wife of a former White House lawyer -- who police say tried to kill his spouse in a vicious beating with a flashlight this month -- is suing her husband for $ 30 million in a civil lawsuit filed last week at state Superior Court in Stamford .
Mary Farren , 43 , was beaten unconscious with a flashlight and strangled before she regained consciousness and fled her New Canaan home Jan.
6 with her two young daughters , telling police her husband attacked her over a divorce she sought because of his volatile temper , court documents state .
That night , police charged her husband , John Michael Farren , 57 , with attempted murder .
Last Wednesday , a lawyer for Mary Farren filed a civil suit against her husband at state Superior Court in Stamford .
In an affidavit , Mary Farren asked the courts to grant her a $ 30 million pre-judgment remedy because she is injured and cannot work .
She claimed she may lose income from her husband because he could be imprisoned for 30 years if convicted .
She argued that she did not want her husband using his assets , including their $ 4 million home on Wahackme Road , to post his $ 2 million bond .
He is being held at the Garner Correctional Institution in Newtown , his lawyers said .
John Michael Farren , who once worked as a lawyer in both Bush administrations and as Xerox general counsel , was unemployed for more than a year before allegedly attacking his wife , court papers say .
" Given the community in which we live , and the station of living to which we are accustomed , and our plans for the future life and education of our children , the defendant 's obligations to support his children and me are substantial , " Mary Farren , an attorney for the firm , Skadden , Arps , Slate , Meagher & Flom , wrote in an affidavit .
In the lawsuit , Farren said she has lived in terror of her husband since the incident .
She said based on her husband 's " past associations and resources , " she needs bodyguards and other personal security measures .
Tim Moynahan , a Waterbury attorney representing John Michael Farren in both the civil suit and his divorce case , said since his client 's past associations include U.S. presidential administrations , they do not warrant the need for bodyguards .
He would not comment directly about the money sought by Mary Farren .
" These are serious , troubling and sad circumstances for both Mike and Mary and I do n't want to exacerbate the situation , " Moynahan said .
The request for the $ 30 million pre-judgement remedy is to go before a judge at state Superior Court in Stamford , but a hearing date has not yet been scheduled , according to the state Judicial Branch 's online database .
In court documents , Mary Farren detailed her husband 's assets .
He had several bank accounts containing hundreds of thousands of dollars , one with $ 1.8 million and another with $ 1 million .
Calls seeking comment from the Greenwich offices of attorney Wayne Effron , whose law firm is representing Mary Farren , were not returned Wednesday .
In his criminal case , John Michael Farren pleaded not guilty during a hearing last week .
He faces charges of attempted murder , first - degree assault and first - degree kidnapping .
He is due back in court Feb. 16 on those charges .
Farren became enraged after his wife told him she wanted to talk about divorce papers she filed that week , police said .
He tackled her , pulled out her hair and began hitting her with a metal flashlight , a police report states .
Mary Farren passed out and awoke to her husband strangling her .
She lost her sight , but was somehow able to press a panic button that set off an alarm and alerted police .
Mary Farren escaped from the bedroom as her husband retreated to a bathroom with a large knife , threatening to kill himself , the police report states .
She gathered her two young daughters and , bleeding profusely , ran to a neighbor 's house on Weed Street .
When police arrived , she told them her husband was trying to kill her .
John Michael Farren has served as general counsel and vice president of external affairs for the Xerox Corp. and served as undersecretary of commerce for international trade under President George H.W. Bush and in the White House counsel 's office under President George W. Bush .
He worked as a deputy counsel for George W. Bush from 2007 until the president left office .
Staff writer Jeff Morganteen can be reached at jeff.morganteen@scni.com or 203-964-2215 .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
In the past three weeks , Iran observers have been baffled by the range of opinion appearing on the op - ed page of The New York Times concerning Iran , and the uneven reporting on that country .
Before the holidays , Alan Kuperman , a political scientist at the University of Texas Austin , called for bombing Iran– becoming the first respectable academic in the US to take a position usually associated with discredited angry Neoconservatives such as John Bolton .
Kuperman ’s argument is wrong in almost every particular , and that the NYT editors published it was considered alarming by many Iranists .
We all remember how the newspaper printed a long series of bald - faced lies and easily disproved fantasies about ‘ weapons of mass destruction ’ in Iraq in 2002 , which certainly helped legitimate and pave the way for war on that country .
We worried that the fix was in against Iran .
Then this week , the NYT published a piece by Flynt and Hillary Mann Leverett arguing that Obama should open Iran just as Nixon opened China , and that the significance and legitimacy of the Green opposition movement has been vastly exaggerated .
Then yesterday a supposedly hard news article implicitly argued that Iran is constructing a nuclear bomb in hidden underground tunnels .
I do n’t think the editorial board at the Times has made up its mind on what to do about Iran , unlike the case with Bill Keller in 2002 - 3 , who clearly bought flimsy Neocon propaganda about Iraq hook , line and sinker .
( Howell Raines was unconvinced but being weakened by the Jason Blair plagiarism scandal , and in any case seemed unable to demand that Judy Miller properly balance her pieces . )
So now it is presenting a wide range of views , which is as it should be .
Being someone who has spent his life studying Iran , I am of course frustrated by what I see as significant flaws in the debate as conducted by policy thinkers in the NYT .
But I have long since concluded that the New York – Washington – Tel Aviv discourse about the Middle East is not about the Middle East but about New York and Washington and Tel Aviv , and that it is virtually impenetrable because it is driven by powerful interests rather than a dispassionate consideration of facts on the ground , a sense of proportionality , and a textured knowledge of the target country ( and I do mean target ) .
But let me here put forward an argument for a Goldilocks principle with regard to Iran , a policy of just the right size , neither too big for the facts nor too small for the risks .
I concur with much of what Flynt and Hillary Mann Leverett say in their piece , which argues that Iran gives no evidence of being on the verge of revolution .
I should say that I know and admire them , and share their conviction that the Obama administration should engage the government in Tehran , whatever it is .
We had diplomatic relations with the Soviet Union and face to face talks all through the 1980s , at a time when that regime really was on the verge of falling .
You ca n’t know the future .
Diplomacy , as Kissinger correctly observed , is a game played with the pieces that are actually on the board at any one time .
But I do not share their dismissive attitude to the Green movement .
I think it is big , nation - wide , multi-class and significant .
And I fear that they have fallen for the regime ’s phony counter - demonstration on Dec. 30 as a sign of wide and deep support for the regime .
I do n’t deny it has its supporters .
But I think the ground is shifting against Khamenei and Ahmadinejad , which helps explain why they are becoming more and more repressive .
The logical problem is , how can you both acknowledge the depth and legitimacy of the Green Reform movement and at the same time urge President Obama to pursue engagement with Ahmadinejad ’s government ?
Me , I do n’t see the problem here .
We did n’t close the Polish embassy during the Solidarity movement .
You deal with the government in power on bilateral issues as long as it is there .
If it falls , then you deal with the new government .
It is not as if we are offering the regime weapons or materiel that could be used against the protesters .
We ’re just jawboning them .
The Leveretts ’ position has the virtue of complete consistency .
My position is more ambiguous and admittedly harder to make an argument for .
But my position accounts for all known factors , whereas the Leveretts have a blind spot toward the most significant movement of popular mobilization in Iran in thirty years – which is in its own way not realistic .
( The Leverett ’s reply here .
One thing I noticed is that they seem to think that the Green Movement is secular , while ‘ most Iranians are still religious . ’
But many Greens are religious , as was obvious from looking at the crowds on Ashura , and their mantra is ‘ God is Great . ’)
The NYT article about the tunnels under Iran ’s nuclear enrichment plant is breathless and presents no evidence whatsoever for its thesis .
Is it being alleged that Iran has squirreled away enormous numbers of centrifuges in the tunnels ?
How are they getting water and electricity ?
How would they avoid showing an electromagnetic signature ?
Has anyone seen a centrifuge down there ?
It is all innuendo , reminiscent of the allegations about Iraq ’s supposed nuclear program in 2002 - 3 .
The NYT quotes Secretary of Defense Robert Gates about the recently announced Qom enrichment facility : “ If they wanted it for peaceful purposes , ” he said of the Qum plant on CNN , “ there ’s no reason to put it so deep underground , no reason to be deceptive about it , keep it a secret for a protracted period of time . ” ‘
But actually the reason for the proposed underground Qom plant is likely precisely that Alan Kuperman wants to bomb the above - ground plants .
Iran maintains that It is to preserve equipment and know - how from any such air strike .
It does not actually seem suited either to producing fuel or to allowing a quick breakout capability .
Moreover , it was not kept secret .
It was announced 18 months before any actual equipment or uranium is to be moved there .
On announcement it was immediately opened to UN inspection , and the IAEA declared it nothing more than a hole in the ground at the moment .
If it were for bomb making , it would not have been announced and would not have been opened to inspection .
The tunnels are also intended to ensure that Iran ’s enrichment facilities could not be paralyzed by air strike in future , especially once the Bushehr reactors get going and the low enriched uranium is fuel supplying electricity .
There is no evidence that they are more than tunnels .
The ‘ sinister tunnel ’ argument comes just after media mogul and arch - warmonger Rupert Murdoch ’s Times of London published a story based on obviously altered and forged documents claiming Iran was working on a ‘ nuclear trigger ’ for a bomb .
Can you say , ‘ Niger yellowcake , ’ children ?
Thanks to Gareth Porter for exploding this fraud .
See his piece on the way US intelligence community dismissed the document as fraudulent , and his more recent evidence for tampering with the text .
Alan Kuperman argued that “ there is only one way to stop Iran , ” from getting a nuclear warhead , to wit , bombing its nuclear facilities .
Kuperman begins by assuming that Iran is making a drive to acquire a nuclear warhead , despite the position both of the US intelligence community and of the International Atomic Energy Agency that there is no evidence for a weapons program , and despite the fatwa or formal legal ruling of theocratic Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei that deploying nuclear weapons in war is constrary to Islamic law .
Kuperman may as well argue that the Vatican is operating a secret large abortion clinic beneath the Basilica of St. Peter , on the grounds that the Vatican ’s excellent clinics could be dual use and easily turned to this purpose , and despite the absence of any Italian police or other reports of any such activity .
Kuperman ’s thesis can not be ruled out .
It is possible that Iran is secretly trying to get the bomb .
The IAEA is frustrated that the regime will not provide the kind of transparency that could rule out such a possibility all together .
But we ca n’t go to war on the basis of suspicion .
Moreover , leaks from US intelligence say that both defecting Iranian scientists and US signals intelligence ( eavesdropping on Iranian officials ) support the lack of a weapons program .
And , Iran ’s only known centrifuge facility , at Natanz , has been subject to ongoing UN inspections .
No country that was continuously inspected by the IAEA has ever developed an atomic weapon .
If you want to know what a country looks like that is trying to make a bomb , look at Israel and North Korea .
Israel never signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and never allowed international inspections of its Dimona plant .
Israel is estimated to have several hundred nuclear warheads .
North Korea had signed the NPT and allowed inspections , but kicked the inspectors out in late 2002 .
While everything about North Korea is murky , it appears to have created any quantity of plutonium for a bomb only after this expulsion of the IAEA .
The Natanz facility in Iran is being inspected , and no bomb can be made there as long as it continues to be inspected , as Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has admitted .
Kuperman says that Iran is a supporter of terrorist groups and that it will give its ( non-existent ) nuclear bomb to such a terrorist group .
This argument is a fallacy .
No nuclear power would ever trust some rogue group with such powerful technology , and none ever has .
Moreover , the terrorist group Iran backs actually turns out to be Hizbullah in Lebanon , which has been designated a national guard for the south of the country by the Beirut government , and which has democratically elected members of the Lebanese parliament , and which has cabinet ministers serving in a national unity cabinet .
It is pure politics to dismiss Hizbullah as a mere terrorist group .
Iran is also alleged to give money to Hamas in Gaza , though my suspicion is that Hamas gets far more support from Arab Gulf millionaires than from Tehran .
Iraq ’s government , by the way , although ostensibly now an American ally , supports both Hizbullah and Hamas and called for a diplomatic boycott of Israel during the Gaza War .
So Iran ’s support for these two is not distinctive in the region .
Not only would Iran not give Hizbullah or Hamas a nuclear weapon , but there would be no point in doing so .
Both have a problem with Israel , but a nuke set off in the Mideast would kill as many Arabs as Israelis and would poison their own territory and people with the fallout .
Hamas has a consistent policy of not attacking US targets .
Were either to deploy an Iranian - made bomb against a Western country , it seems obvious that Tehran would be nuked in retaliation .
The principle of Mutually Assured Destruction ( MAD ) , which has never been breached , would operate to restrain Iran from acting so foolishly .
Kuperman argues that Iran would not retaliate against a strike on Natanz by targeting US troops in the region , and paradoxically at the same time argues that “ it does that anyway . ”
This muddled argument is frankly uninformed to the point of wilfullness .
The US military alleged that in recent years , the Quds Brigade of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corps supplied Shiite militias in Iraq with explosively shaped projectiles that were deployed against US and British troops with some lethality .
This charge was never satisfactorily proven , but that it could have been done , and could still be done , is indisputable .
After the US pledged to leave Iraq , such EFP attacks declined sharply .
In December 2009 , no US troops were killed in hostile action .
By late August 2010 , there will likely only be 50,000 non-combat troops in Iraq , who would be easily targeted by a renewed wave of roadside bombs and EFPs , and were Iran to be behind it , it would be just as difficult to prove as before .
So not only would Iran retaliate , it could do so against essentially defenseless non-combat US troops through Iraqi proxies in such a way as to hold itself harmless .
50,000 non-combat US troops in Iraq are not troops ; they are Iranian hostages .
Moreover , the US needs Iranian cooperation , and frankly its pressure on Shiite militias such as the Badr Corps and the Mahdi Army , to help ensure that the withdrawal goes smoothly .
Iranian cooperation in calming down Afghanistan , especially in Herat and in the Hazara Shiite and Tajik regions , could be essential ; and it may even be needed for logistical purposes if Pakistan ’s security deteriorates much further ( Germany is already thinking in this way ) .
The US and Iran have a tacit alliance of convenience against al - Qaeda in Iraq and against the Taliban in Afghanistan , and a strike on Natanz would risk turning Tehran into a spoiler in both countries .
Were Iran to begin playing that sinister role , it would certainly have the effect of denying Obama a second term , since it would embroil him in several quagmires abroad and Carterize him .
Finally , as Kuperman would know if he knew anything serious about Iran , a strike on Natanz would unite the Iranian public against US and Israeli imperialism and would kill the current reform movement , since everyone would rally around a beleaguered regime .
Iranians are highly committed to the nuclear enrichment program , though only a third think a nuclear bomb is licit .
In the 19th century Britain and Russia told Iran it could not build a railroad .
Iranians are not going back to that foreign - imposed backwardness .
A more hands - off approach would hold out the real possibility of regime change within the decade , well before Iran is likely to have a bomb anyway , according to the US National Intelligence Estimate .
Marc Lynch also presents arguments against the Kuperman piece and lists other refutations .
And see Steve Walt , as well .
To recap : Iran does not have a bomb , is forbidden by its theocracy from getting a bomb , exhibits no evidence of having a nuclear weapons program visible to US intelligence , would not give its non-existent bomb to Hamas or Hizbullah anyway , and moreover it would be useless to them .
A strike on Natanz would completely destroy the nascent reform movement and ensure the survival for perhaps decades of the current theocratic regime .
All this is not to take into account that no such strike could actually hope to eliminate Iran ’s enrichment capabilities , and that it might well , change the mind of the Supreme Leader , so that he launched Iran on a crash program to get a bomb for defensive purposes ( having noticed the difference between the way the US dealt with Iraq and North Korea ) .
So , let ’s be realistic here .
Iran is a low - level problem and is in some ways helpful to Obama ’s goals of getting out of Iraq and Afghanistan and leaving stable regimes behind ( Tehran loves both Nouri al - Maliki and Hamid Karzai ) .
We should be talking to it and bargaining with it over its enrichment activities , to make them more transparent , or to give them an incentive to abandon them a la Brazil , Argentina and South Africa .
It is unlikely that China will permit an immediate ratcheting up of sanctions in any case .
Iran would be better off coming in from the cold and having its natural gas developed , and someday its leaders may see that .
We should call Iran out for its repression and demand release of prisoners of conscience , even as we talk to the regime about bilateral issues , just as we did with the Poles or Soviets .
But we should not heavy - handedly intervene in its domestic dispute .
The US helped overthrow two Iranian governments ( 1941 with Britain and the USSR , and 1953 ) in the 20th century and bears some guilt for messing the place up .
Let us treat Iranians like adults , engaging them even as we allow them to make their own destiny .
And let us once and for all try to get past the Great American Dr. Strangelove Complex .
Contrary to what Alan Kuperman thinks , the Iranians are not actually polluting our precious bodily fluids , and no Texans need to ride a bomb down on Natanz waving a ten - gallon hat .
End / ( Not Continued )
We strive to keep our earth GREEN ,
It ’s the only HOME we have .
Of course , if you can't watch it live at noon ,
watch it here
Feel free to share , comment , or whatever .
You probably remember the conversation in Pulp Fiction about the French fries in Amsterdam , where they discuss that the most common condiment served with them is mayonnaise .
Not only is that true , but French fries are an obsession in the Netherlands and it ’s difficult to find a restaurant in Amsterdam that does n’t serve them .
When deciding what to eat in Amsterdam , it ’s hard to avoid these things , and you really would n’t want to anyway .
As you walk through the city you ’ll notice many little take - away shops whose primary decorations are oversized cartoon depictions of a bag of fries .
Some of them also serve falafels and other Middle Eastern food , but many of them do their primary business selling these salty high - carb treats .
You ’ll never have to walk more than a couple of blocks to get your fix , even late at night .
But before we go on , let ’s get oriented .
A couple hundred years ago , in what is now Belgium , some genius decided to slice up some potatoes and then deep fry the slivers .
The Brits call them “ chips , ” the French call them “ pommes frites , ” and for some reason the Americans call them “ French fries . ”
But in the Netherlands and Belgium they call them “ Vlaamse frites ” and they eat them like there is no tomorrow , or at least no such thing as high cholesterol .
Vlaamse frites literally means “ Flemish fries , ” correctly attributing them to the northern Belgium region of Flanders .
They are served in a paper cone in Amsterdam , and that ’s handy because they are always about a million degrees inside when they are handed to you .
Biting right into one is a great way to sear your taste buds shut for the next few days .
You ’ll also get a small plastic fork , which becomes important nearer the bottom of the cone .
Most places serve 3 or 4 different sizes of Vlaamse Frites .
The smallest size is still larger than a “ small ” at a McDonalds , and they are usually around € 2.00 .
The largest is literally a meal - size cone and can be all yours for around € 3.50 , but you are not done yet .
Just as crooked car salesmen try to sell you undercoating and other mysterious add - ons , the Vlaamse Frites also have options .
The majority of places will have about 5 different sauces available , and some will have as many as 10 .
Yes , the delicious and very rich - mayonnaise is definitely the most popular and the one you should try for sure , but they also offer things like curry sauce , garlic sauce , tartar sauce , chili sauce , ranch dressing , feta cheese , gravy , and yes , even ketchup for those whose tastes have n’t progressed since they turned 8 .
The sauces are usually 25 to 50 cents each ( some 75 cents though ) and most people just choose one , although drunken thrill - seekers sometimes do pile them on .
Most locals claim the best Vlaamse frites in Amsterdam are at one of two small shops , but to be honest they are all pretty close .
Avoid the Vlaamse frites served at the FEBO automats , and obviously do n’t try to get them at McDonalds or Burger King .
I ’ve found the Maoz chain to be reliable , and their falafels with the “ free salad bar ” are pretty good too .
As with nearly any other restaurant choice , it ’s good to pick a place that ’s busy over one that is dead .
High turnover equals freshness , but that can be a bit deceiving in the world of Vlaamse frites .
All the shops in Amsterdam use the same two - step cooking method .
The thick potato wedges are initially deep fried at a low temperature for a while to cook the inside to a pleasant doneness .
Then the guy will unceremoniously toss these half - cooked frites onto a steel grill under a heating lamp until somebody orders them .
You ’d be forgiven for thinking you are getting old Vlaamse frites as you watch the guy toss your desired amount into the oil again before giving them to you , but this Phase Two is a vital part of the process .
The second dip is in very hot oil , and in only a minute or so the outsides become crisp and delicious while the inside stays tender and somehow gets as hot as the core of the sun in the process .
Bon appétit , but give ‘em a couple minutes to cool first .
And you ’ll figure out why that little plastic fork is handy when you get past the halfway point .
A lot was made before the season about how much Chris Pronger would help this team 's defense .
By bumping everyone back on the depth chart , he was expected to make everyone better .
Unfortunately , that has n't really been the case .
Much has already been said about how much Pronger has helped Matt Carle , but the Flyers are giving up 2.78 goals per game this year , barely down from the 2.83 they gave up last year .
What 's the problem ?
The problem is a lack of depth .
Aside from the top three of Pronger , Carle , and Kimmo Timonen , the Flyers defense just has n't performed .
Everybody is waiting for Braydon Coburn to step up , but even with his qualteam going from - 0.204 to - 0.016 since Stevens was fired , his GVT has only gone from 2.1 to 2.3 .
His offense is down too , with 1 goal and 2 assists in his last 25 games , down from four and seven in his first 25 .
He also registered a minus - 4 in both 25 game intervals .
While Coburn has been disappointing , the real problem is that the team has to dress two defensemen worse than him every game .
So far this year , the team has seen Danny Syvret , Ryan Parent , Oskars Bartulis , and Ole - Kristian Tollefsen rotate in those two roles each night .
Needless to say , the third pairing has been awful for almost the entire season .
Even worse , the team does n't have any players in the AHL ready to fill in right now .
Because of this , Tollefsen appears to have been benched yesterday and Paul Holmgren has publicly admitted to searching for a depth defenseman .
After the jump , a look at the four fill - ins and any potential replacements from within the system .
GP G A Pts +/- Corsi QoC Corsi QoT RPM OGVT DGVT Total GVT Danny Syvret 21 2 2 4 1 - 0.440 1.893 0.2 0.3 0.9 1.1 Ole - Kristian Tollefsen 16 0 2 2 - 1 - 0.729 0.155 - 1.5 - 0.1 0.3 0.2 Ryan Parent 28 0 2 2 - 5 - 1.567 0.881 - 6.5 - 0.6 0.2 - 0.4 Oskars Bartulis 37 0 6 6 -13 - 0.626 2.262 - 14.3 - 0.4 - 0.4 - 0.8
Anybody see a problem ?
No one in this table is worthy of praise , except for maybe OKT simply because he stayed healthy enough to dress in 16 games .
Surprisingly , Danny Syvret has separated himself from the pack , but he 's still trailing Andrew Alberts in total GVT .
The fact that he 's the least terrible defenseman in this group is n't much of a consolation .
There are still some positives to take out of his play so far though : 1 ) he is n't in the negative in plus / minus ; 2 ) he 's facing the stiffest competition in the group ; 3 ) and he is doing it with less than Bartulis .
That last one is n't saying much , but Syvret had turned his season around before getting injured .
After all of the praise heaped upon Oskars Bartulis when he first came up and took the 6th defenseman job from Syvret , it 's amazing how far he has fallen .
He 's facing about the same competition as OKT with incredibly better teammates , yet he is still by far the worst defenseman of the group .
He showed some decent chemistry with Parent , but his play has deteriorated since then .
The day Parent got hurt December 26th , Bartulis had a 0.1 GVT .
Now , he has a - 0.8 GVT .
How much of that can actually be attributed to Parent 's injury is unknown , but pairing him with OKT could n't help his confidence
For as bad as Tollefsen is , his numbers are better than expected .
He 's facing bad competition with bad teammates and he 's almost treading water .
The bar was set low for Tollefsen , but he is n't flying too far below it .
Not exactly a ringing endorsement .
Lastly , Ryan Parent has to be the biggest disappointment in this table .
A lot of people - me included - expected a lot from Parent this year and he did n't come through .
For some reason , this kid just can't stay healthy .
He 's only played 81 professional games the past two years ( in the NHL and AHL ) and he was n't exactly remarkable .
With him expected to miss another 6 weeks , Paul Holmgren finally has to make a move .
This should have been made earlier since the team was essentially working with four NHL - level defenseman for most of the year , but Parent 's injury makes everyone realize they need help .
The problem is that the team does n't have anybody ready to step in from the AHL and pick up the slack .
In this regard , I 'm incredibly jealous of Washington , who have two good young defensemen - Karl Alzner and John Carlson - unable to crack their roster .
Unfortunately , the Flyers ' top prospects are still a year or two away .
The Phantoms currently have seven defensemen on their roster , five of which are 24 or younger .
Joonas Lehtivuori , Kevin Marshall , and Marc - Andre Bourdon are all 21 years old and not likely to be much better than Syvret , Bartulis , or Tollefsen right now .
Veterans Joey Mormina and Sean Curry also do n't instill a lot of confidence in their ability to step in and play at the NHL level either , with a combined one NHL game played .
Phantoms ' defensemen this year :
Name Pos GP G A PTS +/- PIM Joonas Lehtivuori D 31 3 8 11 2 10 Joey Mormina D 42 2 9 11 - 6 49 Marc - Andre Bourdon D 40 1 7 8 - 8 47 Sean Curry D 36 1 5 6 - 12 36 Kevin Marshall D 39 2 1 3 - 5 43 Logan Stephenson D 30 0 2 2 - 1 97 David Sloane D 12 0 1 1 -2 0
All of those players in the minus is troubling , but that 's mainly the result of the Phantoms just being a bad team .
There are only two forwards on the team with a positive rating - Jon Kalinski and Lukas Kaspar .
Kaspar was a plus - 2 in eight games before being released from his contract , and Kalinski is a plus - 1 . Jason Ward has managed an even rating , for what it 's worth .
While these stats do n't show much of any good news , the two young defensemen appear to be struggling : neither Bourdon nor Marshall have done much to warrant a call up .
Who is surprising though , is Joonas Lehtivuori .
I 'm sure very few of you are aware of who he is or where he came from , but as the only defenseman to be in the positive , lead the blueline in points , and take so few penalties , he is suddenly the best defenseman the Flyers have in the AHL right now .
Lehtivuori was the Flyers ' fourth round pick ( 101st overall ) in 2006 and spent his entire career playing for Ilves Tampere in the SM - liga .
His best year was 2007 - 08 , where he registered 8 goals and 13 assists in 48 games , adding a goal and an assist in 9 playoff games .
This is his first year in North America , and he appears to be adjusting very nicely .
As a puck - carrying defenseman he might have trouble finding a spot in the Flyers ' lineup , but he 's the biggest bright spot right now .
The guys with previous AHL experience - Mormina , Curry , and Stevenson - do n't exactly exude confidence either .
In looking at their GVT while in the AHL , Joey Mormina has the best career GVT /G at 0.05 , equal to what Danny Syvret is pulling in the NHL right now .
While that is n't exactly good news , there is some good news ( which is also more bad news ) on Mormina though :
He had his best AHL season last year for Wilkes - Barre Scranton , pulling in a 0.14 per game rating .
The bad news is that he had just a 0.02 per game career rating before last year .
Maybe last year was the start of a trend , but much more likely is that last season was an outlier .
That said , he still looks to be the second best defenseman on the Phantoms so far this year .
Conclusion
Maybe the Flyers could have gotten by with Parent and Syvret this year - the original plan - but with both of them down , there simply are n't any other defensemen playing at an NHL - level right now capable of stepping up .
There are some decent prospects - Marshall , Bourdon , and Lehtivuori - but none that could reasonably be expected to step in tomorrow and play .
This is definitely something to keep in mind when Coburn , Parent , Tollefsen , and Syvret all become free agents this summer .
IBM ’s Dharmendra Modha has a vision .
“ Cognitive computing seeks to engineer the mind by reverse engineering the brain , ” says Modha , a researcher at IBM ’s Almaden Research Center , just south of San Francisco .
“ The mind arises from the brain , which is made up of billions of neurons that are linked by an Internet - like network . ”
Here ’s a video of Dr. Modha explaining his vision of building the computer of the future by modeling the brain :
Modha ’s future computer may have taken a giant leap forward with the recent announcement at the SC09 high - performance computing conference in Portland , Ore. , of a joint IBM project led by Modha with researchers from five universities and the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory .
Dubbed “ Blue Matter , ” a software platform for neuroscience modeling , it pulls together archived magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) scan data and assembles it on a Blue Gene / P Supercomputer .
IBM has essentially simulated a brain with 1 billion neurons and 10 trillion synapses — one they claim is about the equivalent of a cat ’s cortex , or 4.5 % of a human brain .
The funding for the project comes from Phase 1 of the U.S. DARPA SyNAPSE project that seeks “ to discover , demonstrate , and deliver algorithms of the brain via a combination of ( computational ) neuroscience , supercomputing , and nanotechnology . ”
IBM ’s announcement signals significant progress towards creating Modha ’s future computer , one that will simulate and emulate the brain ’s abilities for sensation , perception , action , interaction and cognition , and rivaling the brain ’s low power , energy consumption , and compact size .
This starts to raise interesting questions , as several bloggers noted somewhat tongue - in - cheek after the announcement .
“ So , will Blue Gene get the sudden urge to lick itself , ” says one blogger .
“ I find myself feeling sorry for the virtual ‘ cat , ’ says another .
“ If you create an animal - brain - based system that ’s capable of learning from experience , feeling basic emotions , then should n’t it have the same rights as a flesh - and - blood pet ? ”
Giving the virtual “ cat ” senses is actually part of Modha ’s vision .
And these senses go beyond the five familiar ones of vision , hearing , taste , smell , and feeling .
Blue Gene / P’s ability to parse enormous streams of data in real time aligns with IBM ’s so - called " smarter planet " initiative , a method of integrating sensors into infrastructure and analyzing the data they produce to optimize systems like the electrical grid , water systems , and traffic .
Modha ’s computer of the future will be able to “ sense ” changes in the complex human ecology of the biosphere itself .
Reverse engineering is a common practice , especially in the software industry .
By modeling the behavior of a piece of software , engineers are able to recreate it and then produce almost identical computer code .
Modha ’s vision , however , goes far beyond cracking the code behind the latest version of Microsoft ’s Windows 7 or Apple ’s Snow Leopard .
“ The purpose of reverse engineering the human brain is to understand the basic principles of intelligence , ” says inventor and futurist Ray Kurzweil .
“ Once you have a simulation working , you can start modifying things and certain things may not matter , some things may be very critical , and you learn what ’s important and what the basic principles by which the human brain handles hierarchies , and variance , properties of patterns , and high - level features and so on . ”
The “ cat ” simulator on the Dawn Blue Gene / P supercomputer runs with 147,456 CPUs and 144TB of main memory , and simulates the activity of 1.617 billion neurons connected in a network of 8.87 trillion synapses .
Supercomputer technology appears to be advancing exponentially in accordance with Kurzweil ’s “ Law of Accelerating Returns . ”
( See the h+ article “ Brain on a Chip ” from earlier this year to get a sense of quickly the technology is changing . )
IBM ’s Blue Gene / P is only the fourth fastest supercomputer available today , although IBM ’s press release claims that its architecture is well - suited “ to noninvasively measure and map the connections between all cortical and sub-cortical locations within the human brain using magnetic resonance diffusion weighted imaging .
Mapping the wiring diagram of the brain is crucial to untangling its vast communication network and understanding how it represents and processes information . ”
The “ cat ” simulator on the Dawn Blue Gene / P supercomputer runs with 147,456 CPUs and 144TB of main memory , and simulates the activity of “ 1.617 billion neurons connected in a network of 8.87 trillion synapses , " according to the IBM press release .
The human cortex , in contrast , is estimated to have about 22 billion neurons and 220 trillion synapses .
Henry Markram , head of the Blue Brain project at the Ecole Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne , is also attempting to reverse - engineer the mammalian brain using a Dawn Blue Gene / P supercomputer .
Among the challenges he faces is “ recreating the three - dimensional structure of the brain in a 2 - D piece of silicon . ”
Markram admits that the simulations of biological brain functions using a silicon chip are still crude .
“ It ’s not a brain .
It ’s more of a computer processor that has some of the accelerated parallel computing that the brain has , " he says .
Here ’s a video of a recent TED talk given by Dr. Markram :
In an article published in the New York Times , Dr. Markram questioned the authenticity of Dr. Modha ’s claims that IBM actually exceeded the scale of a cat ’s cortex .
“ This is light years away from a cat brain , not even close to an ant ’s brain in complexity , " says Markram .
Modha acknowledges that his computer simulation is “ not as powerful as a cat ’s brain in terms of function . ”
However , IBM voiced support for Modha ’s team in a statement to Network World .
“ IBM stands by the scientific integrity of the announcement on cognitive computing in collaboration with Stanford University , University of Wisconsin - Madison , Cornell University , Columbia University Medical Center , University of California - Merced and Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory , ” reads the statement .
The newest version of the twice - yearly supercomputer TOP500 list was formally presented at the SC09 Conference .
IBM ’s supercomputer nicknamed “ Roadrunner ” was knocked off the top perch by the Cray XT5 supercomputer known as “ Jaguar . ” Jaguar , located at the Department of Energy ’s Oak Ridge Leadership Computing Facility , was upgraded earlier this year and posted a 1.75 petaflop / sec performance speed running the Linpack benchmark .
A petaflop is a thousand trillion floating point operations per second .
The Chinese took the number five spot with new Tianhe - 1 ( “ River in Sky ” ) system installed at the National Super Computer Center in Tianjin , China .
It is being used to research problems in petroleum exploration and for simulating large aircraft designs .
It is the highest ranked Chinese system ever , although it uses U.S. manufactured chipsets at its core .
Tianhe - 1 is a hybrid design with Intel Xeon processors and AMD GPUs used as accelerators .
Each node consists of two AMD GPUs attached to two Intel Xeon processors .
With rapidly accelerating advances in supercomputer architectures and competing teams on both sides of the Atlantic speeding to develop cognitive computing by reverse engineering the human brain , can a simulated human brain be far off ?
Mountaintop mining should be banned for causing vast and permanent destruction to US environment and exposing its people to serious health consequences such as birth defects , a new study says today .
An article in the journal Science , by a team of 12 ecologists , hydrologists , and engineers , provides the most comprehensive analysis so far of the damage done by the controversial mining practice .
The process involves shaving off up to 1,000 vertical feet of mountain peak – including ancient forests – to expose thin , but highly prized , seams of coal .
Margaret Palmer , an ecologist at the University of Maryland Centre for Environmental Science , who led the study , said the science left no excuse for the Obama administration not to ban the highly destructive practice .
" Scientists are not usually that comfortable coming out with policy recommendations , " she said , " but this time the results were overwhelming . "
The article described river and forest systems that have been disrupted well downstream from the original dumping spot of mining debris .
It also said there was virtually no chance of restoring mountain , forests or streams once the mining companies have moved on to new seams .
" There is a lot of evidence suggesting that there is significant degradation , and there just is n't the evidence at all that they can reverse this , " said Emily Bernhardt , an environmental biologist at Duke University , who was another co-author .
She said there were signs that contamination from the mining debris was spilling into drinking water and wells .
The debris is already killing off fish .
In heavily mined southern countries , 50 - 60 % of young fish were deformed because of high concentrations of selenium .
" That was quite an eye - opener , " said Dennis Lemly , a biologist at Wake Forest University and one of the authors .
He warned the fish population could soon be wiped out .
" The deformed young fish – that is really the red flag .
You can see right away that you are over a serious threshold . "
Selenium concentrations in fish caught in some of West Virginia 's rivers were twice as high as in other states that had declared them unfit for human consumption .
West Virginia authorities issued a health warning – but not a ban .
" To put it quite bluntly , my jaw dropped because right away I saw concentrations that were far above toxic thresholds , " added Lemly .
The authors also logged significant dangers to human health , including lung cancer , and chronic heart lung and kidney disease , as well as birth defects .
Today 's report – reinforced by the rare demand from scientists for specific government action – deepens the pressure on the Obama administration from environmentalists and liberal supporters to ban mountaintop mining .
Obama administration officials had promised to toughen the lax environmental regulations of the George Bush era .
But grassroots activists in West Virginia accuse the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) of continuing to greenlight new projects – albeit with some additional restrictions on the mining companies .
Earlier this week , the EPA outraged activists by giving the go - ahead to two new mines .
EPA officials argued that the new conditions imposed on the mining operator , Patriot Coal , would bury only three miles of mountain stream – instead of the six miles of waterways that would have been filled with debris under the company 's original plan .
Until today 's article , Mountaintop mining consequences , much of the research on the effects of mountaintop removal had been left to government scientists , and there was little understanding in the broader academic community of the sheer scale of destruction .
As many as 500 mountaintops across West Virginia , Virginia and Kentucky have already been replaced by dry flat plateau , and 1,200 mountain streams have been buried beneath dumped rock and dirt .
By 2012 , the Environmental Protection Agency estimates that more than 2,200 square miles of Appalachian forest will disappear .
At some sites , the mining companies have tried to rebuild the silhouette of the old mountain , or replant .
But mostly they leave the mountain missing its crest .
In any event , there is no undoing the damage , and the scientists said the seriousness of the environmental and public health impacts compelled the EPA to ban mining .
" I think it is very clear .
It is very compelling , and it would be a disservice to the people who live there to say we just have to study it more , " said Michael Hendryx , a community medicine professor at the University of West Virginia .
" The monetary costs of the industry in terms of premature mortality and other impacts far outweighs any benefits . "
The latest US proposal for Middle East peace envisions a Palestinian state within two years , according to Egyptian officials cited in a report Monday – a goal immediately dismissed by Israel as unrealistic .
The report came amid a flurry of shuttle diplomacy ahead of the visit soon by George Mitchell , US President Barack Obama 's special envoy to the Middle East .
Mr. Mitchell is expected to push for a restart of stalled talks between Israelis and Palestinians .
After a disappointing 2009 the Obama Administration is expected to recommit itself to resolving a conflict that has defied diplomatic solutions for decades .
Egyptian sources gave the Cairo - based daily Al - Ahram details about the US draft proposal , according to the Israeli daily Ha'aretz .
( Click here for Al - Ahram 's website , in Arabic . )
As part of the plan , both Israel and the Palestinians would present written guarantees underlining their obligations prior to the completion of final - status talks , an Egyptian Foreign Ministry spokesperson told Al - Ahram .
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas is meeting his Egyptian counterpart , Hosni Mubarak , in the resort town of Sharm el - Sheikh on Monday to discuss Israel 's latest offers to renew talks with the Palestinian Authority .
The meeting comes in the wake of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's visit to Cairo last week , where he presented some ideas for jump - starting the diplomatic process .
But the Israeli foreign minister immediately poured cold water on a two - year timetable for a peace deal , saying it was " not a realistic goal , " according to Ha'aretz .
" We need to begin direct talks without committing to any timeframe . " ...
" In the past , timetables were set and not met and this led to violence , " [ Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor ] Lieberman said .
The diplomatic buzz comes as activists mark the one - year anniversary of Israel 's invasion of Gaza , which left 1,400 Palestinians and 13 Israeli soldiers dead .
In recent days , the Egyptian government has opened a border crossing to the Gaza Strip , and allowed in more than a hundred foreign pro-Palestinian activists , many from France , Reuters reported .
President Obama trumpeted US re-engagement with the Israeli - Palestinian peace process shortly after taking office just under a year ago .
But his diplomats ' efforts bore little fruit in 2009 .
One sticking point is Israeli settlements .
Israel has agreed to a partial freeze of new settlement building .
But the Palestinian Authority has said it wants a full freeze , including a stop to construction in disputed East Jerusalem , before it will return to the negotiating table .
( See map of the region , with Israeli settlements marked , here . )
Obama 's administration drew criticism for first calling for a halt to all settlement activity , but then appearing to back off that demand by praising Israel 's partial freeze .
In late October , US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called Israel 's " restraint " on settlements " unprecedented , " wording that caused dismay in Arab capitals , MSNBC reported , and led Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas to threaten to quit .
In an interview in the December 2009 issue of Foreign Policy , former US President Bill Clinton said he thought there was " some chance " that the Israelis and Palestinians might be ready for a deal , because " the long - term trend lines are bad for both sides . "
Right now , Hamas is kind of discredited after the Gaza operation , and yet [ the Palestinian Authority ] is clearly increasing [ its ] capacity .
They are in good shape right now , but if they are not able to deliver sustained economic and political advances , that 's not good for them .
The long - term trends for the Israelis are even more stark , because they will soon enough not be a majority .
Then they will have to decide at that point whether they will continue to be a democracy and no longer be a Jewish state , or continue to be a Jewish state and no longer be a democracy .
That 's the great spur .
--
See also :
Pakistan volleyball game attack :
Will local opposition to Taliban hold firm ?
The Christian Science Monitor
US imposes extra security checks on air passengers from 14 countries
The Guardian
Jordan emerges as key CIA counterterrorism ally
The Washington Post
Segi Menarik Yang Wajib Diketahui Dari Permainan Game Slot Online – Permainan judi dalam jenis game slot online sangat menarik …
There is some controversy over Einstein ’s political views especially on the issue of Palestine and the creation of a Jewish State .
Many Zionists claim Einstein as one of their own .
Einstein , however , was a pacifist , a universalist and abhorred nationalism .
The recently published book , Einstein on Israel and Zionism : His Provocative Ideas About the Middle East by Fred Jerome ( New York : St. Martin ’s Press , 2009 ) has brought Einstein ’s political views on the Middle East back into the spotlight .
The evidence of Einstein ’s position on Palestine and Zionism is best seen in his own words and actions on the subject .
For example Einstein made a presentation to the Anglo - American Committee of Inquiry , which was examining the Palestine issue in January 1946 and argued against the creation of a Jewish State .
Here is a quote from Einstein ’s testimony before Judge Hutcheson , the American Chairman of the Committee :
Judge Hutcheson :
It has been told to our committee by the Zionists that the passionate heart of every Jew will never be satisfied until they have a Jewish state in Palestine .
It is contended , I suppose , that they must have a majority over the Arabs .
It has been told to us by the Arab representatives that the Arabs are not going to permit such condition as that , they [ sic ] will not permit having themselves converted from a majority to a minority .
Dr. Einstein : Yes .
Judge Hutcheson : I have asked these various persons if it is essential to the right or the privilege of the Jews to go to Palestine , if it is essential to real Zionism that a setup be fixed so that the Jews have a Jewish state and a Jewish majority without regard to the Arab view .
Do you share that point of view , or do you think the matter can be handled on any other basis ?
Dr. Einstein : Yes , absolutely .
The state idea is not according to my heart .
I cannot understand why it is needed .
It is connected with many difficulties and narrow - mindedness .
I believe it is bad .
Judge Hutcheson :
Is n’t it spiritual and ethical B I do not mean this particular Zionist movement , I do not mean the idea of insisting that a Jewish state must be created is n’t it anachronistic ?
Dr. Einstein :
In my opinion , yes .
I am against it …
Albert Einstein wrote in a letter to American Friends of the Fighters for the Freedom of Israel shortly after the 1948 Deir Yassin massacre and referred to the Irgun , led by Menachem Begin later a Prime Minister of Israel , and the Stern Gang , where Yitzhak Shamir also a future Prime Minister of Israel was a member , as terrorist organizations and refused to support these “ misled and criminal people . ”
Albert Einstein , Sidney Hook , Hannah Arendt and twenty - five other prominent Jews , in a letter to the New York Times ( December 4 , 1948 ) , condemned Menachem Begin ’s and Yitzhak Shamir ’s Likud party as “ fascist ” and espousing “ an admixture of ultra-nationalism , religious mysticism and racial superiority . ”
In 1950 Einstein published the following statement on the question of Zionism .
This speech was originally given to the National Labor Committee for Palestine , in New York , on April 17 , 1938 but republished by Einstein after Israel ’s creation .
I should much rather see reasonable agreement with the Arabs on the basis of living together in peace than the creation of a Jewish state .
Apart from the practical considerations , my awareness of the essential nature of Judaism resists the idea of a Jewish state with borders , an army , and a measure of temporal power no matter how modest .
I am afraid of the inner damage Judaism will sustain – especially from the development of a narrow nationalism within our own ranks , against which we have already had to fight without a Jewish state .
Einstein also turned down the presidency of the state of Israel .
In Albert Einstein : A Biography ( Viking , 1997 ) , Albrecht Folsing shares the following revelation about the offer to Einstein to become Israel ’s second president : “ While Ben-Gurion was awaiting Einstein ’s decision , he asked his assistant , the future president Yitzak Navon , over a cup of coffee : ‘ Tell me what to do if he says yes !
I have had to offer the post to him because it ’s impossible not to .
But if he accepts we ’re in for trouble .
Einstein wrote to his stepdaughter Margot after declining the presidency of Israel .
He said , “ If I were to be president , sometime I would have to say to the Israeli people things they would not like to hear . ”
Einstein did participate in the Sixteenth Zionist Congress in 1929 .
The World Zionist Organization ( WZO ) mentioned and described Einstein in a document published in 1997 .
It is rather revealing and the WZO ought to know who was and who was not a Zionist .
The Sixteenth Zionist Congress ( 1929 ) decided on the establishment of the Jewish Agency for Israel , which would be a joint body of the World Zionist Organization and those known as “ non-Zionists ” in the belief that all Jews wished to participate in building the National Home .
Upon conclusion of the Congress , Board of the Jewish Agency convened .
Of its 224 members , 112 were Zionists ( members of the World Zionist Organization ) including Prof.
Chaim Weizmann who was elected as President of the Jewish Agency , Nahum Sokolow , Menahem Ussishkin , Shemaryahu Levin , David Ben-Gurion , Rabbi Uziel ; the 112 “ non- Zionist ” members included Louis Marshall , Shalom Asch , Albert Einstein , Leon Blum , and members of the Rothschild family .
To quote one commenter : “ Einstein ’s opposition to Israel was widely known and reported on during his life .
In fact , the myth of Einstein ’s support of Israel was born the day after Einstein ’s death in his obituary in The New York Times , which shamelessly wrote that he championed the establishment of the Jewish state .
This contradicted decades of reporting from the ‘ Paper of Record . ’
Jerome provides some examples , including a 1930 article headlined ‘ Einstein attacks British Zion Policy , ’ a 1938 article stating Einstein was ‘ Against Palestine State ’ and a 1946 article stating ‘ Einstein Bars Jewish State . ' ”
It is clear that Albert Einstein did not support political Zionism and opposed a Jewish State based on an ethnic or racial basis .
His political views were remarkably consistent and supported universal human rights .
He was opposed to war and chauvinistic ethnic nationalism .
Today Einstein is a revered as a political and scientific icon .
However , many unfortunately forget his wise words on the issue of Palestine and its conflict with political Zionism .
Why are we asking this now ?
British scientists announced yesterday that they have sequenced a " cancer genome " for the first time .
It means they have identified all of the many thousands of genetic mistakes that make a tumour cell different from a healthy cell taken from the same cancer patient .
Not all of these mistakes , or DNA mutations , were involved in triggering the cancer , but some of them – the " drivers " – clearly were .
Scientists believe it will be possible eventually to identify these driver mutations and find the genetic faults that led to the changes in a healthy human cell that caused it to divide uncontrollably to form a cancerous tumour .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
How could this lead to a possible cure for cancer ?
There is unlikely ever to be a single " cure " for cancer , which after all affects so many different tissues and organs of the body .
In fact , there may be as many as 200 different types of cancer , and many more subtypes .
But each and every cancer involves damage to the DNA template that rules the cell and governs the way it divides .
In this respect , cancer is a genetic disease , indeed it is said to be the most common genetic disease since , in the developed world , it strikes one in three people over a lifetime , killing as many as one in five .
By understanding the nature of these genetic mutations in a cancer cell , it should be possible to design tailor - made drugs that specifically target the faults , or the outcome of the faults .
It could also lead to new methods of diagnosing cancer in the earliest stages of the disease before it becomes apparent to the patient or doctor , or new ways of finding secondary cancers lurking in the body that have evaded earlier anti-cancer treatment .
Who carried out this work ?
It was a team of human genome scientists led by Peter Campbell and Professor Mike Stratton at the Sanger Institute near Cambridge , which is funded by the Wellcome Trust , the world 's biggest medical research charity .
They are part of the International Cancer Genome Consortium , a collaboration of research institutes from countries such as Britain and France in Europe , the United States , Canada , Japan and Australia .
They will be taking samples from about 500 patients around the world in the hope of analysing the genomes of the 50 most common cancers .
What was actually done in the latest study ?
The Sanger Institute scientists analysed cells stored from two patients who had died of cancer .
One was a 55 - year - old man with small - cell lung cancer and the other was a 45 - year - old man with malignant melanoma , the most lethal form of skin cancer .
The researchers took a cancerous cell and a healthy cell from each patient and sequenced the full genetic code , or genome , of all four cells .
They did this dozens of times over to make sure they had a correct final sequence , consisting of some 3 billion letters of the full human genome .
And what was the result ?
The scientists found that the lung cancer cell had 22,910 DNA mutations that the healthy cell from the same patient did not possess .
These mutations in the lung must have accumulated during the lifetime of the patient , many as a result of exposure to cigarette smoke .
The same goes for the 33,345 mutations identified in the cancerous skin cells of 45 - year - old man with malignant melanoma , although most of the mutations here are presumed to have been caused by exposure to sunlight .
Both of these " cancer genomes " show where the mutations occurred and in which of the chromosomes of the cell .
They were published in the journal Nature .
It was the scientific first step towards the " personalised medicine " of sequencing the DNA of cancer patients on a routine basis .
What do these mutations look like ?
Some of them involve quite big changes to the DNA molecule , such as rearrangements of hundreds of thousands of letters in the four - letter code of DNA .
But some of them are the smallest change possible , a shift for instance in one letter ( known as a base ) to another , such as C to T and vice versa , or an A to G and vice versa .
These " base pairs " are at the heart of the DNA sequencing exercise .
Some of these mutations are already known from previous studies to be linked with certain environmental mutagens , the mutation - causing agents .
Tobacco smoke , for instance , often results in the mutation of G to T , whereas ultraviolet light tends to mutate C to T .
By looking at the mutations in the lung - cancer cell and the skin - cancer cell , scientists were able to see the influence that smoking and exposure to the sun had had on the DNA of these two patients .
" In the melanoma sample , we can see sunlight 's signature writ large in the genome , " said Andy Futreal at the Sanger Institute .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
But not all the mutations would have been involved in triggering the cancer .
Most of them would have been harmless " passenger " mutations , but some of them would have been " drivers " within the genes that are in some way involved in cancer development .
How can this be used to identify the ' driver ' mutations that cause cancer ?
For this , it would be necessary to extend the sequencing effort into other patients suffering from the same cancer , perhaps as many as 500 people to achieve statistical significance .
By comparing all mutations in all patients with the same cancer , scientists will be able to identify those that appear to be common to them all , and hence likely to be involved in triggering that particular disease .
Scientists have already identified more than 30 genes that play some kind of role in cancer development .
This gives them a lead in terms of knowing where to search for the likely driver mutations that are probably involved in causing the cancer .
How might this lead to the development of new anti-cancer drugs ?
In the past , cancer drugs were discovered largely by trial and error .
Now it is possible to find the precise genetic fault that causes a cell to divide uncontrollably and so hopefully be able to design a drug that can fix that specific fault .
For instance , scientists found that faults in a gene called BRAF were involved in triggering a high proportion of skin cancers .
The mutations meant that the BRAF gene was permanently switched in the " on " position , causing the cells to divide continually in malignant melanoma .
Scientists are now developing drugs that turn this gene " off " , and some of these substances are near to clinical trials .
What do the experts say about this work ?
They are very excited by it – they have branded it " remarkable " , " groundbreaking " and " fascinating " .
But it will still be many years before we can expect full genome sequencing of a patient 's cells to be used routinely in hospitals and clinics – that is if the NHS can ever afford it given the parlous state of public finances .
Should we be optimistic about future cancer treatments ?
Yes ...
* This represents a transformation in our understanding of the genetic faults at the heart of cancer
* DNA sequencing technology is getting faster and cheaper and will one day be routine
* Finding the driver mutations of cancer will open the door to new drugs and diagnostic tools
No ...
* It is still going to be many years before these developments will be used routinely on cancer patients
* The NHS can barely afford existing anti-cancer treatments and ' personalised medicine ' will cost even more
* History tells us that the ' war on cancer ' is never - ending , and there are many more battles to be fought
DENVER  Colorado ’s lieutenant governor , Barbara O’Brien , has been parsing every public statement by Education Secretary Arne Duncan for nuances that could help her position the state as a winner in the $ 4 billion competition for federal school dollars known as Race to the Top .
And officials in dozens of other states have been doing the same , said Gene Wilhoit , executive director of the Council of Chief State School Officers , a nonpartisan association of state superintendents of education .
“ Whenever we have a conversation about any issue these days , Race to the Top is the gorilla in the room , ” Mr. Wilhoit said .
The last time education officials were reading tea leaves so obsessively was after the 2001 No Child Left Behind law reshaped America ’s public school landscape .
Now Race to the Top is again redefining what Washington calls reform , setting in motion a new cycle of federal school improvement efforts .
I do n’t know what ’s worse : that Scott Brown tried to weaken a law guaranteeing emergency contraception to rape victims , or that he now claims he can’t remember doing it .
Or maybe it ’s that , now that he ’s running for US Senate , he ’s dragging his daughters into the controversy to protect himself .
Such compelling options !
Let ’s take them in order , shall we ?
In 2005 , state lawmakers proposed a law requiring hospital workers to offer rape victims emergency contraception , and Brown supported it .
But he also wrote an amendment that would have gutted the bill .
His measure would have allowed any health care worker to opt out of the new law based on his or her beliefs .
If that happened , the victim would then have to get emergency birth control from someone else at the hospital or go to another facility entirely .
Imagine this for a minute .
You have just been brutally assaulted , and you ’re traumatized .
You ’ve worked up the courage to go to the hospital .
You ’re terrified the animal who did this to you has gotten you pregnant .
But the nurse who is seeing you happens to believe you should bear your rapist ’s child .
Now , on top of dealing with the horror of this crime , you have to work to get the care the law says you ’re entitled to .
Maybe you get lucky and you ’re at a big hospital , and somebody else is available to give you the pill .
Maybe it ’s the middle of the night , and nobody else is available .
Now what do you do ?
Start again at another hospital ?
What if the other hospital is miles away ?
Brown ’s amendment would have added to rape victims ’ trauma and made a mockery of the emergency contraception law .
But do n’t take my word for it .
Here ’s what members of his own party said about his amendment back then , before voting to defeat it .
“ I ca n’t believe what we ’re doing to this bill , ’’ said then - minority leader Brian Lees , who called it , “ a poison pill amendment .
. . .
I ca n’t believe that you ’re going to say [ this ] to your constituents who ’ve been through a traumatic experience . ’’
Senator Richard Tisei said : “ I ca n’t recall another instance where we ’ve basically said , ‘ This is the law , and it ’s OK not to follow it .’ . . .
It does n’t make any sense . ’’
Now , you ’d think a state senator would remember being publicly reamed by members of his own party , right ?
Or recall his own shaky defense of his proposal , which he said he put forward “ just for conversation . ’’
Nope .
On Tuesday night , When Janet Wu of WCVB - TV asked him if he ’d sponsored the amendment , Brown said : “ I have to check .
I do n’t know .
It was so long ago . ’’
That beggars belief .
Then again , Brown does seem to have had problems with his memory lately , denouncing national measures on the environment and health care that he supported as a state legislator , going back and forth on climate change .
His opponent , Attorney General Martha Coakley , could use some memory exercises , too , especially where the death penalty is concerned .
But Brown ’s uncertainty over his 2005 amendment takes the cake .
When Coakley raised this subject during Monday night ’s debate , Brown hid behind his daughters .
He ’d never deny them the care they needed if they got raped , he said .
Then , on Tuesday , he sent them down to the Parker House to face reporters for him .
Nobody at the press conference would answer questions about the amendment .
“ My dad would always stand up for the rights and needs of rape victims , ’’ said Ayla Brown .
He would n’t .
And he did n’t .
His measure put the rights of health workers above those of victims .
And now , even though it ’s a matter of public record , the man who would be our next US senator refuses to acknowledge he took that position , let alone defend it .
And that ’s the worst thing of all .
Yvonne Abraham is a Globe columnist .
She can be reached at abraham@globe.com
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
Microwaves similar to those emitted by cell phones may affect long - term memory , according to a new study by a University of Washington researcher .
Henry Lai , a research professor in the UW 's bioengineering department , has linked diminished long - term memory and navigating skills in rats with exposure to microwaves like those from cellular telephones .
According to Lai , this is the first study to link exposure to the radio waves to long - term memory function .
" Studies before this one have focused more on short - term memory , " he said .
" In this study , the long - term memory of microwave - exposed rats appears to have been affected . "
Lai 's findings are scheduled to be published in the January issue of the journal Bioelectromagnetics .
In the study , Lai placed rats in a large tank of water and trained them to swim to a submerged platform .
Powdered milk , mixed into the water , ensured that the rats could n't see the platform and had to memorize the way to it .
The rats had one minute to find the platform .
If they still had n't found the platform by then , they were picked up and set on it .
The animals were then reintroduced into the pool from a different location to repeat the process .
Each rat was allowed four attempts to locate the platform during each of the six training sessions the animals received .
A total of 100 rats went through the process .
The repetition allowed the rats to store the task of locating the ramp in their long - term memories , according to Lai .
Long - term memory deals with items that have been learned or recalled and stored in the brain , he explained , as opposed to short - term memory , which has to do with tasks one has just performed or information one has just looked at .
advertisement
Before each training session , rats from one group were exposed for one hour to pulsed microwaves , radiation similar to that emitted by cellular telephones .
Lai noted that the learning process itself appeared to have been affected by the exposure .
A control group was not exposed .
" The microwave - exposed rats were much slower in finding the platform during the training sessions , " Lai said .
" They tended to spend more time attempting to climb the wall of the pool or swimming along the wall . "
The swimming speed of all the rats remained the same , however , which indicated that the difference did n't stem from a change in motor skills or motivation .
The change appeared to be in learning prowess .
Researchers then removed the platform and watched what happened when the rats were put back into the pool .
The control group spent most of their time swimming in the area where the missing platform had been located .
" They seemed to be scratching their heads , saying ' We thought it was here , ' " Lai said .
But the irradiated rats behaved more randomly , spending more time swimming in other parts of the pool and showing much less of a tendency to search for the platform .
" They seemed to have trouble making a map in their heads , like the normal rats did , so they could recall where the platform was , " Lai said .
" Their spatial reference mapping or ' place learning ' strategies seemed to be affected after their exposure .
It could be that they had to resort to a simpler learning strategy that just did n't work as well and they could n't remember how to find the platform . "
( CNN ) -- Rapper Lil Wayne was detained by U.S. Border Patrol agents in Texas on Friday after authorities found marijuana on two of his tour buses .
The marijuana on the buses was detected by a drug dog , said Agent Joe Trevino .
The rapper , whose real name is DeWayne Michael Carter , Jr. , was among a dozen being detained from his group .
They were later released .
Trevino said the buses were en route to Laredo , Texas , from a concert stop in Hidalgo .
The case has been referred to the Brooks County Sheriff 's Office .
Calls to Carter 's representatives were not immediately returned Friday .
The Louisiana native was the 2008 best - selling artist , with 2.8 million records sold , and is signed to Cash Money Records .
The rapper is scheduled to begin a prison sentence in February stemming from gun charges in New York .
If that 's how she drives a golf cart , just imagine how she drives her car .
Cue the female driver jokes .... DOUBLE FAIL
Copenhagen
The saddest fact of climate change — and the chief reason we should be concerned about finding a proper response — is that the countries it will hit hardest are already among the poorest and most long - suffering .
In the run-up to this month 's global climate summit in Copenhagen , the Copenhagen Consensus Center ...
On General Labor and Socially Created Value
In a recent post to the P2P Research email list , Adam Arvidsson ( author of “ The Crisis of Value and the Ethical Economy ” ) referred to Marx ’s “ cryptic passage ” in Grundrisse , in which he wrote of communism emerging as the result of “ the collapse of the law of value driven by the increasing role of cooperation and General Intellect . ”
A growing share of wealth is “ produced outside of the processes commanded by the wage relation , ” so that “ wealth creation is socialized and made to coincide with ‘ life itself . ’ ”
Arvidsson is part of a movement of European Marxists centered around the Oekonux mailing list , who see open - source culture ( get that “ - nux ” at the end of the name ? ) as the core around which a post - scarcity communist economy will be organized .
But it seems the vision of communism sought by these Marxists coincides , in many ways , with the kind of society envisioned by free market anarchists like us folks at C4SS .
Some people take the growing portion of wealth created by general social labor or intellectual labor as grounds for breaking the link between labor and reward altogether , and creating some sort of guaranteed minimum income as a “ dividend ” on the social product .
But a genuine free market would do this quite effectively , without the middleman of a state .
The market socializes the benefits of innovation through competition .
Absent patents and copyright , which erect barriers to the general diffusion of new technologies and processes , the effect of innovation in reducing labor time and physical input costs for a given level of output would be entirely socialized through reduced commodity price .
When advances in technology enable desktop publishing at a hundredfold cost reduction compared to traditional publishing , or cheap CNC machine tools lower the cost of a garage factory to two months ’ wages for a skilled worker , the portion of commodity price that disappears as a result is a form of social labor that ’s appropriated collectively .
The natural process of a free market is to socialize the benefits of innovation through lower prices .
The main thing that prevents this from happening is artificial scarcity .
Tom Peters , in The Tom Peters Seminar , was quite enthusiastic about the fact that parts and labor amounted to maybe a tenth of the price of his Minolta camera , the rest of the price consisting of “ intellect ” and “ ephemera . ”
But by their very nature , the products of intellect are “ social property ” once they become public knowledge .
The only way to capitalize “ intellect ” as a source of rent is to prevent people from using each other ’s ideas .
Do away with patents , and that Minolta camera will cost a tenth as much .
The ninety percent of its price that disappears in a free market is socialized general intellect , socialized more effectively than it could ever be by a guaranteed income .
Austrian economist Carl Menger wrote of “ non-economic goods ” — goods whose supply was so abundant , in relation to supply , that they ceased to be objects of “ economizing man . ”
They were , in effect , “ too cheap to meter . ”
And the material prerequisites of production ( the raw materials going into commodities and the labor required to produce them ) are growing less and less important compared to “ General Intellect ” — the social body of scientific - technological knowledge , which is available for free , and adds nothing to exchange value unless it is made the object of a state - enforced monopoly .
As the individualist anarchist Benjamin Tucker wrote over a century ago , the effect of competition on the free market is to socialize the benefits of land and capital .
Likewise , the effect of competition in a genuinely free market is to socialize the benefits of “ General Intellect . ”
This socialization of the benefits of innovation is at the heart of the open - source movement .
Hardware and software hackers , by reducing the labor time and materials cost required to produce the things we enjoy , are removing larger and larger shares of what we consume from the realm of economic value and the cash nexus .
As larger and larger shares of the price of a good are destroyed by general socialized intellect , and the hours we must work to buy it fall to a fraction of their former value , it approaches ever closer to the status of a non-economic good .
When the consumption goods once created in a forty - hour week can be produced with ten hours of labor , we ’re all living off a “ guaranteed income ” of sorts .
Previously , on Patent Wars , Nokia escalated their lawsuit against Apple by requesting a US import ban on virtually every product Apple makes with the International Trade Commission ( ITC ) , and now Apple has responded in kind against Nokia phones .
Yes , phasers and disruptor fire is criss - crossing the legal heavens and photo torpedos are exploding in the silence of judicial space .
We could joke that Apple has more to lose here , since their products are far more popular in the US than Nokia phones are , but again this is just what giant electronics companies with billion - dollar legal war chests do .
It 's " negotiations " , and we hope all the lawyers enjoy the new unibody aluminum Ferraris they 'll be getting out of this .
[ Bloomberg via Engadget ]
So - called men's rights blogs are enraged at the idea that women in Haiti might be getting special attention from disaster relief agencies .
What 's going on here ?
Advertisement
Shortly after the quake , Tracy Clark - Flory of Salon polled experts and aid officials about how or why they might focus on the needs of women after a disaster , whether with particular provisions or with the distribution of emergency assistance .
The reasons are paradoxical : Women are both more vulnerable after a disaster ( having begun at a disadvantage , and now at risk for violence ) and yet have the capacity to be connectors in humanitarian efforts :
Women " are central actors in family and community life , " says [ Gender and Disaster Network co-founder Elaine ]
Enarson , and are more likely to know " who in the neighborhood most needs help - where the single mothers , women with disabilities , widows and the poorest of the poor live . "
Advertisement
And of course , traditionally women are alongside the most vulnerable members of any society , children .
But according to a post today by two human rights advocates affiliated with MADRE , more often than not this is not actually how it plays out :
[ Women ] are often overlooked in large - scale aid operations .
In the chaos that follows disasters , aid too often reaches those who yell the loudest or push their way to the front of the line .
When aid is distributed through the " head of household " approach , women - headed families may not even be recognized , and women within male - headed families may be marginalized when aid is controlled by male relatives .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Of course , if you go over to the alternate universe of the men's rights blogs , you might imagine that Haitin women are about to be magically air - lifted out of the post - earthquake rubble , where they can rest serenely on a bed of maxi-pads and gaze down at the poor , suffering men they left behind :
Some relief groups have decided that women deserve more aid , and have come up with a number of reasons why men should be left to die from injuries and disease while women get preferential treatment .... That these women 's groups are heading to a disaster area with the same anti-male agenda with which we are so familiar should be cause for outrage .
It is not clear whether such discrimination in the wake of disaster is legal in Haiti .
In any event , if men are needlessly dying because these women 's groups are hoarding supplies for women only , the Haitian government should send troops in to seize the supplies and distribute them equally to needy men and women alike .
That would be a true act of mercy .
Advertisement
Disasters : they bring out the best in ... some people .
Why " Women And Children First " Persists [ Salon ]
After The Quake , Depend On Women [ New America Media ]
Amidst Haiti Disaster , Women 's Groups Seek to Deny Relief to Men [ The Spear Head ]
Salon.com : In Haiti , Women Need Help ; Men ? Not So Much [ Men 's News Daily ]
Advertisement
Related : Providing Gender Responsive Aid in Haiti [ Feminist Peace Network ]
David Sirota has an aptly titled post , From the I Shit You Not File : Business Aims to Relax Bans on Products Made with Child & Slave Labor :
Business groups are worried by the potential effects of provisions banning the import of all goods made with convict labor , forced labor , or forced or indentured child labor that were included in a customs bill sponsored by Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus ( D - MT ) and Ranking Member Charles Grassley ( R - IA ) ...
These groups are examining the ramifications of the bill 's provisions , especially in light of the bill 's requirements that a newly created office in the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) annually report to Congress on the volume and value of goods made with child labor , forced labor or convict labor that have been stopped at the border .
Business sources say this reporting requirement could cause DHS to more actively seek out imported products made with child labor , forced labor or convict labor ...
One source did expect a push from lobbyists closer to the Finance Committee markup of the bill , and speculated that U.S. industry groups and foreign governments could form ad hoc coalitions to help send a united message .
The bill this group is referring to is S.1631 , Customs Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Reauthorization Act of 2009 , introduced by Senator Max Baucus and co-sponsored by Senator Chuck Grassley .
The provisions being objected to are probably this section :
SEC .
307 . PROHIBITION ON IMPORTATION OF GOODS MADE WITH FORCED OR INDENTURED LABOR OR BY BENEFIT OF HUMAN TRAFFICKING .
`( a ) Prohibition on Importation -
No good may be imported into the United States , if that good was produced , in whole or in part -- ` ( 1 ) with convict labor , forced labor , or indentured labor under penal sanctions ; ` ( 2 ) by means of coercion ( as defined in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 ( 22 U.S.C. 7102 ) ) , including by means of an employer withholding the passport or other travel documents of a foreign worker in order to compel the production of that good ; or ` (3 ) by 1 or more individuals who , at the time of the production were being subjected to a severe form of trafficking in persons ( as defined in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 ( 22 U.S.C. 7102 ) ) .
Did I say corporate lobbyists wish to return to 1897 where we had the super rich with no income tax and the poverty stricken masses , child labor , exploitation of women , no worker protections ?
Is n't slave labor just the ultimate productivity booster ?
On a side note , it seems Senator Baucus is obsessed with snow globes .
He has in the Legislative Congressional Record these bills introduced :
S.1826 : A bill to suspend temporarily the duty on certain glass snow globes .
S.1828 : A bill to suspend temporarily the duty on certain metal key chains with acrylic mini-globes .
S.1829 : A bill to suspend temporarily the duty on certain acrylic snow globes .
Baucus also seems to have a special interest in golf bags :
S.1928 : A bill to extend and modify the temporary suspension of duty on golf bag bodies made of woven fabrics of nylon or polyester sewn together with pockets , and dividers or graphite protectors , accompanied with rainhoods .
( Translation :
Do these bills look like special favors from certain private corporate importers or what ? )
Special favors aside , this is about the most outrageous effort yet by businesses to undermine labor protections .
This action shows strongly how trade is not by the theory of free trade , finished goods and all about the race to the bottom , otherwise known as hunting the globe for the cheapest , most exploitable labor pools .
Great catch watchdog Sirota !
Meysam Movahedi's latest concept certainly is n't the first revolutionary tweak to the tried - and - true power outlet , but it 's easily one of our favorites .
Put simply , the Rambler Socket is an in - wall box that contains 1.5 meters of extra cabling along with a traditional AC outlet .
Granted , you 'll need a pretty deep wall to make something like this work ( in theory , of course ) , but the result is nothing short of brilliant .
If your AC cord is long enough , you simply plug it into the socket per usual ; if you need a little extra length , the built - in extension cord pulls out with a gentle tug .
Once you 're done , you simply tug on the cable once more and watch as it recoils back within the wall .
GE , or someone -- can we get a contract to this guy , pronto ?
By Matt Frei
BBC News , Washington
The hijackers of Flight 93 came from affluent backgrounds
The Virginia Five , currently imprisoned in Pakistan , the Nigerian " underpants bomber " whose name everyone - including President Obama - is stumbling over ; the Jordanian doctor who turned out to be a double agent with a suicide vest in a CIA compound in Afghanistan ; what do they all have in common apart from a profound hatred of America and its allies ?
They are all the products of relative prosperity and higher education .
After all , Osama Bin Laden and his deputy also came from a privileged background .
None of the recent suspects are high school drop - outs or desperate refugees who have nurtured hatred of the West in the frayed lining of an empty stomach .
None have had to watch relatives die in stray American bomb attacks .
They have all had a lot to lose and yet they were prepared to lose their own lives for a cause .
So , what makes the 23 - year - old son of a prominent Nigerian banker pack his underpants with explosives in pursuit of martyrdom ?
Soon a trip on a plane may involve a full confession of one 's private life and the kind of body scans usually reserved for serious medical conditions
Much of the reporting has been focussed on his sojourn in Yemen , the mosque he attended there , the al - Quaeda contacts he made in Sanaa .
We have all , understandably , combed through the security breaches from Lagos to Amsterdam to Detroit .
In Washington , hawks are circling around Yemen , calling it the next failed state in possible receipt of US military attention .
The debate is heating up over which is more effective .
And then there are the latest joys of air travel : full body scanners , religious profiling , departure lounge interrogations courtesy of El Al - trained heavies .
All this may well become necessary and soon a trip on a plane to New York or Washington may involve a full confession of one 's private life and the kind of body scans usually reserved for serious medical conditions .
Soon we may all just want to stay at home .
Or take the car .
Or use Skype .
But the journey that I find fascinating is the suspect 's from prosperity to desperation , from self - awareness to self - annihilation .
I first came across this phenomenon when I went to visit the family of one of the 9/11 hijackers a few days after the attack .
Hamburg with its drizzly weather and frigid hospitality is not an easy place for an outsider .
But surely that does n't explain the road to suicide .
Ziad Jarrah was the 26 - year - old Lebanese student who is thought to have flown the plane that crashed in Pennsylvania .
His family lived a short drive from Beirut in the Bekaa valley .
I was expecting a modest home or even a slum .
Instead , we were greeted by his parents under a large chandelier in the reception room of a sumptuous villa surrounded by BMWs and Mercedes .
His father , a softly - spoken man who was in charge of social services in the area wept quietly as he told me how Ziad had called up on the night of 10 September to tell his father he was intending to return to Beirut to introduce the family to his Turkish fiancee with whom he had been living in Hamburg .
" There will be a BMW waiting for you at the airport " , the father told the son .
" It will have a set of keys in it .
They are yours ! "
Ziad was clever , good - looking and popular .
He was studying aviation engineering in Hamburg .
Ziad Jarrah : Searching for an ideology ?
What had turned his mind to murder and suicide ?
Did Mohammed Atta , the ringleader in the Hamburg cell who recruited him have such an hypnotic effect on his clever disciple ?
Was it the deliberate , grinding process of peer pressure from his new friends ?
Hamburg with its drizzly weather and frigid hospitality is not an easy place for an outsider .
But surely that does n't explain the road to suicide .
Who knows what the quirks and twists of each individual mind hold in store ?
But part of the answer may lie in the fact that al - Qaeda offers something that the home environment of its recruits has failed to provide : a cause , however questionable , and even more importantly a sense of belonging .
A friend of mine in British intelligence called it " an alternative family " .
He was talking about the small number of British citizens of Pakistani origin who took part in the 7/7 attacks in London in 2005 or planning future attacks .
" They have been caressed by Britain but not embraced by it .
" They feel like misfits here in the UK .
And when they return to the tribal culture of their ancestral villages in Pakistan they feel equally unwelcome .
They have become nomads and al - Quaeda offers them a tent and a cause . "
Michael Chertoff , the former head of Homeland Security under George Bush was n't at all surprised when I spoke to him about the connection between higher education and terrorism .
" What these people find attractive is that al - Qaeda offers them a coherent world view , an ideology . "
Unfortunately , this is one battle of ideas which cannot be solved with conversation .
Matt Frei is the presenter of BBC World News America which airs every weekday on BBC News , BBC World News and BBC America ( for viewers outside the UK only ) .
And you can hear Matt present Americana on BBC Radio 4 and the BBC World Service every week .
Send us your comments in reaction to Matt Frei 's diary using the link below :
Send your comments
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Last week saw the latest move in the Israeli government 's clampdown on those working in solidarity with the Palestinians in the Occupied Territories .
Ending a decades - old policy of granting work visas to employees of NGOs operating in the region , Israeli officials are now issuing NGO workers with tourist visas instead , prohibiting them from working in areas under Israeli jurisdiction , including Area C ( which makes up 60 % of the West Bank ) and all of East Jerusalem .
Many NGOs maintain a presence in East Jerusalem and in locations throughout Area C , and as a result of the policy change they fear having to shut up shop and relocate to towns and cities inside Area A .
Once there , it appears that NGO employees will be subject to the same restrictions on entering Israel as Palestinians are currently , which would severely hamper their ability to serve the needs of the Palestinian population in East Jerusalem and in Area C .
There are around 150 NGOs currently working with the Palestinian population , and all but those 12 registered prior to Israel 's occupation of the West Bank will be affected by the new policy , including Oxfam , Save the Children and Médecins Sans Frontières .
The restriction on the movement of the hundreds of NGO employees sends yet another message from the Israeli government that they have no qualms about imposing further hardships on the already - beleaguered Palestinian people , regardless of how many previous accords are trampled upon and past agreements rescinded in the process .
2009 was a bad year for relations between Israeli and Palestinian leaders , and all the signs point to 2010 proving equally fractious .
President Obama 's frank admission of his failure to break the deadlock between the two sides has reinforced the belief among observers that the perenially intractable conflict has a long time left to run , and his capitulation to Binyamin Netanyahu over settlements has bolstered the resolve of politicians on the Israeli right .
Avigdor Lieberman and his deputy Danny Ayalon have spent months breathing fire in the direction of anyone they deem inimical to the state , whether Palestinian officials , foreign diplomats , domestic dissidents or aid workers .
While some of their threats turned out to be long on bark and short on bite , there has been a concerted wave of crackdowns against certain targets which reveal the government 's true face when it comes to its political opponents .
Despite the violence of the second intifada having all but died out , Israel 's rulers continue to apply intense heat to the resistance movement , incarcerating several key Palestinian activists on trumped - up charges relating to their anti-occupation protests .
At the same time , internationals visiting Palestinian Authority areas find themselves barred from entering Israel , thanks to a new policy of stamping " PA - only " visas on their travel documents .
With every repressive measure taken by Israeli officials , the more apparent it becomes that Netanyahu and his cabinet have long stopped caring about the effects of their authoritarian actions on what is left of the peace process .
Violence emanating from the West Bank has all but ceased in recent months , a development which could , and should , have been capitalised upon by Israeli and Palestinian leaders keen to exploit the relative calm to embark on fresh negotiations .
However , Israel 's intransigence over settlements and the sabre - rattling of Lieberman and his cohorts has prevented any progress whatsoever being made , and moves such as those taken against the NGO community only rub salt into the wound .
Taken in isolation , each restrictive policy enacted by the Israeli government is problematic enough to warrant challenging by those in the region with a real interest in justice .
However , when viewed together as a chain of interlinked hardline tactics , the whole is far greater – and far more disturbing – than the sum of its parts .
After almost a year in office , it is clear that the incumbent Israeli cabinet is engaged in a process of wilfully undermining as much as they can of the goodwill that previously existed between the two sides , and that can only spell serious trouble for the future – for Israelis as well as Palestinians .
The last thing Israelis need is for more Palestinians to be driven into the arms of extremist groups as a result of heightened Israeli repression .
PA officials require far greater concessions from their Israeli counterparts as a means to convince their people that they can be relied upon to deliver results , and Israeli politicians ought to do all within their power to strengthen the moderate Palestinian leadership in order to negate the influence of Hamas and other radical groups .
Cracking down on NGO workers , foreign journalists and Israeli peace activists does nothing to achieve these ends , and will only result in more hostility , more suspicion and more recriminations .
In the interests of citizens on both sides of the border , Israeli leaders would do well to ratchet the tension down rather than up – but if past performance is anything to go by , the chances of such a comprehensive volte - face occurring are faint at best , and receding with every passing day .
• Comments on this article will remain open for 24 hours from the time of publication but may be closed overnight
— A generator in storage for more than three decades following the accident at Three Mile Island nuclear power plant is heading to North Carolina .
Officials at the Nuclear Regulatory Commission say the electrical generator from the damaged Unit 2 reactor at TMI will be used at Progress Energy Inc. 's Shearon Harris nuclear plant in southwest Wake County .
NRC spokesman Neil Sheehan said Thursday that preliminary work is under way to move the generator .
It will be transported in two parts , weighing a combined 670 tons .
Progress Energy spokeswoman Julia Milstead said the generator is coming from the non-nuclear side of TMI .
The generator has been refurbished , and the parts were extensively tested to ensure they were n't contaminated .
The Raleigh - based utility will save money by using the older generator instead of buying a new one , meaning the cost savings can be passed on to its customers , Milstead said .
The generator will be shipped to Shearon Harris by rail and will not impact traffic on any area roads , she said .
TMI 's Unit 2 reactor has been shut down since a partial meltdown in 1979 .
---
Information from : The Patriot - News
... It is important to recall why America and our allies were compelled to fight a war in Afghanistan in the first place .
We did not ask for this fight .
On September 11 , 2001 , nineteen men hijacked four airplanes and used them to murder nearly 3,000 people .
They struck at our military and economic nerve centers .
They took the lives of innocent men , women , and children without regard to their faith or race or station .
Were it not for the heroic actions of the passengers on board one of those flights , they could have also struck at one of the great symbols of our democracy in Washington , and killed many more .
As we know , these men belonged to al Qaeda -- a group of extremists who have distorted and defiled Islam , one of the world ’s great religions , to justify the slaughter of innocents .
Al Qaeda ’s base of operations was in Afghanistan , where they were harbored by the Taliban -- a ruthless , repressive and radical movement that seized control of that country after it was ravaged by years of Soviet occupation and civil war , and after the attention of America and our friends had turned elsewhere .
Just days after 9/11 , Congress authorized the use of force against al Qaeda and those who harbored them -- an authorization that continues to this day .
The vote in the Senate was 98 to 0 .
The vote in the House was 420 to 1 .
For the first time in its history , the North Atlantic Treaty Organization invoked Article 5 -- the commitment that says an attack on one member nation is an attack on all .
And the United Nations Security Council endorsed the use of all necessary steps to respond to the 9/11 attacks .
America , our allies and the world were acting as one to destroy al Qaeda ’s terrorist network , and to protect our common security .
Under the banner of this domestic unity and international legitimacy -- and only after the Taliban refused to turn over Osama bin Laden -- we sent our troops into Afghanistan .
Within a matter of months , al Qaeda was scattered and many of its operatives were killed .
The Taliban was driven from power and pushed back on its heels .
A place that had known decades of fear now had reason to hope .
At a conference convened by the UN , a provisional government was established under President Hamid Karzai .
And an International Security Assistance Force was established to help bring a lasting peace to a war - torn country .
Then , in early 2003 , the decision was made to wage a second war in Iraq .
The wrenching debate over the Iraq War is well - known and need not be repeated here .
It is enough to say that for the next six years , the Iraq War drew the dominant share of our troops , our resources , our diplomacy , and our national attention -- and that the decision to go into Iraq caused substantial rifts between America and much of the world .
Today , after extraordinary costs , we are bringing the Iraq war to a responsible end .
We will remove our combat brigades from Iraq by the end of next summer , and all of our troops by the end of 2011 .
That we are doing so is a testament to the character of our men and women in uniform .
Thanks to their courage , grit and perseverance , we have given Iraqis a chance to shape their future , and we are successfully leaving Iraq to its people .
But while we have achieved hard - earned milestones in Iraq , the situation in Afghanistan has deteriorated .
After escaping across the border into Pakistan in 2001 and 2002 , al Qaeda ’s leadership established a safe - haven there .
Although a legitimate government was elected by the Afghan people , it has been hampered by corruption , the drug trade , an under - developed economy , and insufficient Security Forces .
Over the last several years , the Taliban has maintained common cause with al Qaeda , as they both seek an overthrow of the Afghan government .
Gradually , the Taliban has begun to take control over swaths of Afghanistan , while engaging in increasingly brazen and devastating acts of terrorism against the Pakistani people .
Throughout this period , our troop levels in Afghanistan remained a fraction of what they were in Iraq .
When I took office , we had just over 32,000 Americans serving in Afghanistan , compared to 160,000 in Iraq at the peak of the war .
Commanders in Afghanistan repeatedly asked for support to deal with the reemergence of the Taliban , but these reinforcements did not arrive .
That ’s why , shortly after taking office , I approved a long - standing request for more troops .
After consultations with our allies , I then announced a strategy recognizing the fundamental connection between our war effort in Afghanistan , and the extremist safe - havens in Pakistan .
I set a goal that was narrowly defined as disrupting , dismantling , and defeating al Qaeda and its extremist allies , and pledged to better coordinate our military and civilian effort .
Since then , we have made progress on some important objectives .
High - ranking al Qaeda and Taliban leaders have been killed , and we have stepped up the pressure on al Qaeda world - wide .
In Pakistan , that nation ’s Army has gone on its largest offensive in years .
In Afghanistan , we and our allies prevented the Taliban from stopping a presidential election , and – although it was marred by fraud – that election produced a government that is consistent with Afghanistan ’s laws and Constitution .
Yet huge challenges remain .
Afghanistan is not lost , but for several years it has moved backwards .
There is no imminent threat of the government being overthrown , but the Taliban has gained momentum .
Al Qaeda has not reemerged in Afghanistan in the same numbers as before 9/11 , but they retain their safe - havens along the border .
And our forces lack the full support they need to effectively train and partner with Afghan Security Forces and better secure the population .
Our new Commander in Afghanistan – General McChrystal – has reported that the security situation is more serious than he anticipated .
In short : the status quo is not sustainable .
... As Commander - in - Chief , I have determined that it is in our vital national interest to send an additional 30,000 U.S. troops to Afghanistan .
After 18 months , our troops will begin to come home .
These are the resources that we need to seize the initiative , while building the Afghan capacity that can allow for a responsible transition of our forces out of Afghanistan .
I do not make this decision lightly .
I opposed the war in Iraq precisely because I believe that we must exercise restraint in the use of military force , and always consider the long - term consequences of our actions .
We have been at war for eight years , at enormous cost in lives and resources .
Years of debate over Iraq and terrorism have left our unity on national security issues in tatters , and created a highly polarized and partisan backdrop for this effort .
And having just experienced the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression , the American people are understandably focused on rebuilding our economy and putting people to work here at home .
... I do not make this decision lightly .
I make this decision because I am convinced that our security is at stake in Afghanistan and Pakistan .
This is the epicenter of the violent extremism practiced by al Qaeda .
It is from here that we were attacked on 9/11 , and it is from here that new attacks are being plotted as I speak .
This is no idle danger ; no hypothetical threat .
In the last few months alone , we have apprehended extremists within our borders who were sent here from the border region of Afghanistan and Pakistan to commit new acts of terror .
This danger will only grow if the region slides backwards , and al Qaeda can operate with impunity .
We must keep the pressure on al Qaeda , and to do that , we must increase the stability and capacity of our partners in the region .
Of course , this burden is not ours alone to bear .
This is not just America ’s war .
Since 9/11 , al Qaeda ’s safe - havens have been the source of attacks against London and Amman and Bali .
The people and governments of both Afghanistan and Pakistan are endangered .
And the stakes are even higher within a nuclear - armed Pakistan , because we know that al Qaeda and other extremists seek nuclear weapons , and we have every reason to believe that they would use them .
These facts compel us to act along with our friends and allies .
Our overarching goal remains the same : to disrupt , dismantle , and defeat al Qaeda in Afghanistan and Pakistan , and to prevent its capacity to threaten America and our allies in the future .
To meet that goal , we will pursue the following objectives within Afghanistan .
We must deny al Qaeda a safe - haven .
We must reverse the Taliban ’s momentum and deny it the ability to overthrow the government .
And we must strengthen the capacity of Afghanistan ’s Security Forces and government , so that they can take lead responsibility for Afghanistan ’s future .
We will meet these objectives in three ways .
First , we will pursue a military strategy that will break the Taliban ’s momentum and increase Afghanistan ’s capacity over the next 18 months .
The 30,000 additional troops that I am announcing tonight will deploy in the first part of 2010 – the fastest pace possible – so that they can target the insurgency and secure key population centers .
They will increase our ability to train competent Afghan Security Forces , and to partner with them so that more Afghans can get into the fight .
And they will help create the conditions for the United States to transfer responsibility to the Afghans .
Because this is an international effort , I have asked that our commitment be joined by contributions from our allies .
Some have already provided additional troops , and we are confident that there will be further contributions in the days and weeks ahead .
Our friends have fought and bled and died alongside us in Afghanistan .
Now , we must come together to end this war successfully .
For what ’s at stake is not simply a test of NATO ’s credibility -- what ’s at stake is the security of our Allies , and the common security of the world .
Taken together , these additional American and international troops will allow us to accelerate handing over responsibility to Afghan forces , and allow us to begin the transfer of our forces out of Afghanistan in July of 2011 .
Just as we have done in Iraq , we will execute this transition responsibly , taking into account conditions on the ground .
We will continue to advise and assist Afghanistan ’s Security Forces to ensure that they can succeed over the long haul .
But it will be clear to the Afghan government – and , more importantly , to the Afghan people – that they will ultimately be responsible for their own country .
... There are those who suggest that Afghanistan is another Vietnam .
They argue that it cannot be stabilized , and we are better off cutting our losses and rapidly withdrawing .
Yet this argument depends upon a false reading of history .
Unlike Vietnam , we are joined by a broad coalition of 43 nations that recognizes the legitimacy of our action .
Unlike Vietnam , we are not facing a broad - based popular insurgency .
And most importantly , unlike Vietnam , the American people were viciously attacked from Afghanistan , and remain a target for those same extremists who are plotting along its border .
To abandon this area now – and to rely only on efforts against al Qaeda from a distance – would significantly hamper our ability to keep the pressure on al Qaeda , and create an unacceptable risk of additional attacks on our homeland and our allies .
Second , there are those who acknowledge that we cannot leave Afghanistan in its current state , but suggest that we go forward with the troops that we have .
But this would simply maintain a status quo in which we muddle through , and permit a slow deterioration of conditions there .
It would ultimately prove more costly and prolong our stay in Afghanistan , because we would never be able to generate the conditions needed to train Afghan Security Forces and give them the space to take over .
Finally , there are those who oppose identifying a timeframe for our transition to Afghan responsibility .
Indeed , some call for a more dramatic and open - ended escalation of our war effort – one that would commit us to a nation building project of up to a decade .
I reject this course because it sets goals that are beyond what we can achieve at a reasonable cost , and what we need to achieve to secure our interests .
Furthermore , the absence of a timeframe for transition would deny us any sense of urgency in working with the Afghan government .
It must be clear that Afghans will have to take responsibility for their security , and that America has no interest in fighting an endless war in Afghanistan .
As President , I refuse to set goals that go beyond our responsibility , our means , our or interests .
And I must weigh all of the challenges that our nation faces .
I do not have the luxury of committing to just one .
Indeed , I am mindful of the words of President Eisenhower , who -- in discussing our national security -- said , " Each proposal must be weighed in the light of a broader consideration : the need to maintain balance in and among national programs . ”
Over the past several years , we have lost that balance , and failed to appreciate the connection between our national security and our economy .
In the wake of an economic crisis , too many of our friends and neighbors are out of work and struggle to pay the bills , and too many Americans are worried about the future facing our children .
Meanwhile , competition within the global economy has grown more fierce .
So we simply cannot afford to ignore the price of these wars .
All told , by the time I took office the cost of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan approached a trillion dollars .
Going forward , I am committed to addressing these costs openly and honestly .
Our new approach in Afghanistan is likely to cost us roughly 30 billion dollars for the military this year , and I will work closely with Congress to address these costs as we work to bring down our deficit .
But as we end the war in Iraq and transition to Afghan responsibility , we must rebuild our strength here at home .
Our prosperity provides a foundation for our power .
It pays for our military .
It underwrites our diplomacy .
It taps the potential of our people , and allows investment in new industry .
And it will allow us to compete in this century as successfully as we did in the last .
That is why our troop commitment in Afghanistan cannot be open - ended – because the nation that I am most interested in building is our own .
Let me be clear : none of this will be easy .
The struggle against violent extremism will not be finished quickly , and it extends well beyond Afghanistan and Pakistan .
It will be an enduring test of our free society , and our leadership in the world .
And unlike the great power conflicts and clear lines of division that defined the 20th century , our effort will involve disorderly regions and diffuse enemies .
So as a result , America will have to show our strength in the way that we end wars and prevent conflict .
We will have to be nimble and precise in our use of military power .
Where al Qaeda and its allies attempt to establish a foothold – whether in Somalia or Yemen or elsewhere – they must be confronted by growing pressure and strong partnerships .
And we can not count on military might alone .
We have to invest in our homeland security , because we cannot capture or kill every violent extremist abroad .
We have to improve and better coordinate our intelligence , so that we stay one step ahead of shadowy networks .
We will have to take away the tools of mass destruction .
That is why I have made it a central pillar of my foreign policy to secure loose nuclear materials from terrorists ; to stop the spread of nuclear weapons ; and to pursue the goal of a world without them .
Because every nation must understand that true security will never come from an endless race for ever - more destructive weapons – true security will come for those who reject them .
We will have to use diplomacy , because no one nation can meet the challenges of an interconnected world acting alone .
I have spent this year renewing our alliances and forging new partnerships .
And we have forged a new beginning between America and the Muslim World -- one that recognizes our mutual interest in breaking a cycle of conflict , and that promises a future in which those who kill innocents are isolated by those who stand up for peace and prosperity and human dignity .
Finally , we must draw on the strength of our values -- for the challenges that we face may have changed , but the things that we believe in must not .
That is why we must promote our values by living them at home -- which is why I have prohibited torture and will close the prison at Guantanamo Bay .
And we must make it clear to every man , woman and child around the world who lives under the dark cloud of tyranny that America will speak out on behalf of their human rights , and tend to the light of freedom , and justice , and opportunity , and respect for the dignity of all peoples .
That is who we are .
That is the moral source of America ’s authority .
“ I do not support the president ’s decision to send additional troops to fight a war in Afghanistan that is no longer in our national security interest .
It ’s an expensive gamble to undertake armed nation -- building on behalf of a corrupt government of questionable legitimacy .
Sending more troops could further destabilize Afghanistan and , more importantly , Pakistan , a nuclear - armed state where al Qaeda is headquartered .
While I appreciate that the president made clear we wo n’t be in Afghanistan forever , I am disappointed by his decision not to offer a timetable for ending our military presence there .
I will work with members of both parties and both houses of Congress to push for a flexible timetable to reduce our troop levels in Afghanistan , as part of a comprehensive strategy to combat al Qaeda in the region and around the world . ”
Earlier today Digby talked about how Republicans , who stand for nothing but greed , selfishness , re-grasping power and , of course , their loathing of Obama and their insistence that liberals -- or even anti-liberals they call liberals -- can not legitimately govern .
Conservatives , the representatives of wealthy , anti-democratic elites , have never considered any party that represents the interests of ordinary working citizens as legitimate .
She ponders how they will manage -- never doubting they will -- to use the Afghanistan problem they created for Obama , primarily as a way to hurt him politically .
A couple weeks ago Mitt Romney , who exists , politically - speaking , to be the first Mormon to capture the White House , attacked President Obama for mismanaging the Afghan War .
We wo n't talk about his support for the Bush - Cheney mismanagement of that war , which they left on Obama 's doorstep like a ticking time bomb .
Obama advisor David Axelrod swatted down the mealy - mouthed Romney on CNN : " Governor Romney has to choose one argument or another .
Either he has to say he is not paying attention or he has to say he is taking too long because he has been involved in a rigorous review .
The president has had hours and hours and hours of meetings with his military commanders , with his national security team , to run through every aspect of this , in order to get it right .
And we 've seen in the past what happens when we do n't do that ; when we do n't do the necessary preparations .
And he is determined to get Afghanistan right .
It is something that Secretary Gates supports .
It is something that the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff supports ; General McChrystal has been supportive of this process .
You know , I know that Governor Romney has never had responsibility for any decision akin to this , so he just may not be familiar with all that it entails .
But I think the American people are being well served by a process that is assiduous and in which every aspect of this is considered .
Because , after all , lives of American servicemen are involved here .
An enormous investment on the part of the American people , we ought to get it right .
" It 's a shame young Mitt ignored his far less craven and insipid father , Michigan Governor George Romney who , when running for the GOP nomination against ole Tricky Dick , said , " When you want to win the hearts and minds of people , you do n't kill them and destroy their property .
You do n't use bombers and tanks and napalm to save them .
" Tonight President Obama tried to sell his Afghanistan escalation plans to the American public -- only 35 % of whom think he 's doing a good job on that part of the world .
At times he sounded like a more reasoned , educated and eloquent version of George W. Bush .
Excerpts :
An awful lot of Americans , especially those whose memories go back beyond last year , want to give the President the benefit of the doubt .
Democrats especially do .
I regret to say that he did n't sell me tonight .
I lived through the Vietnam debacle .
It 's not enough that he 's better than Bush , Cheney and McCain .
He seems too insecure , too unsure of himself , too ready to go along to get along , and too loose with the facts .
Did he persuade you that he 's making the right decision ?
If you want to encourage the Democrats in the House who are vowing to oppose escalation , you can do it here .
Here 's what Russ Feingold ( first ) and Alan Grayson ( second ) had to say a few hours before Obama spoke :
After the speech , Senator Feingold had n't changed his mind :
Labels : Afghanistan , Alan Grayson , Mitt Romney , Russ Feingold
E.ON will today launch an LED streetlight that consumes up to 70 % less energy than standard lights and promises to deliver a " step change " in the efficiency of lighting infrastructure .
From BusinessGreen , part of the Guardian Environment Network
E.ON will today launch an LED streetlight that consumes up to 70 per cent less energy than standard lights and promises to deliver a " step change " in the efficiency of lighting infrastructure .
The energy firm already operates a number of lighting contracts for local authorities and private companies and is now looking to offer the technology to new and existing customers .
" We 're bidding for a number of highway and streetlighting contracts and wanted to demonstrate a step change within the efficiency of lighting , " Rachel Hodge at E.ON Sustainable Energy told BusinessGreen.com .
She added that the long life of streetlamps – contracts typically run for 25 years – means that it is important to install the most efficient systems available at the start of a project or risk being locked into higher levels of energy use .
The new Marlin streetlight has been in development for 18 months and has been tested successfully at a number of E.ON sites , as well as with two local authorities , the company said .
The technology was developed in partnership with West Midlands lighting firm Advanced LEDs , and according to E.ON it represents the first low - energy streetlight to be designed , developed and manufactured entirely in the UK .
Calculations based on data taken from the trial at an E.ON site last year found that an organisation installing just 10 lights would save £ 33,000 and 63 tonnes of carbon over 25 years .
The lights are also expected to last 10 times longer than standard streetlights – lasting for more than 150,000 hours .
The company said that as well as local authority customers , E.ON will target private sector firms which are expected to use the technology to light car parks .
E.ON said the lamp also provides improved resolution on CCTV images .
The lights will be produced in Coventry by local social enterprise Remploy and they contain no harmful mercury or heavy metals , meaning they are relatively easy to dispose of at the end of their life .
The announcement comes a fortnight after NGO the Climate Group announced the launch of a major global trial of LED streetlights .
The LightSavers initiative was unveiled at the Copenhagen climate summit and will see LED lights trialled in Adelaide , Hong Kong , Kolkata , London , Mumbai , New York , Tianjin and Toronto .
Use the mouse to aim and shoot .
arrayForth  Releases
This decision was made only after extensive soul searching .
colorForth and arrayForth are both very much alive and are continually improved to serve our needs .
There are no Standards to comply with except those of simplicity and usefulness , and changes are done upward compatibly only when all other things are equal , which is not always the case .
Thus its character is more that of clay than of granite .
Nevertheless , arrayForth will always be the ultimate standard body of software for working with our chips , and so we owe it to our customers to make it available to them .
This software is made available to you for the express purpose of facilitating your successful use of our chips .
By accepting it , you agree that we make no warranty of suitability or correctness , no guarantee of future maintenance , and no guarantee of upward compatibility ; and you agree that you will use it at your own risk .
You also agree that if you make any changes to the software , or derivative works based on the software , you will clearly identify it as being altered or derived ; you must identify and label any such software by names of your choice other than our trademarked names such as arrayForth .
Constructive suggestions are welcome , but the decision of what is done with colorForth and arrayForth is entirely our own .
Otherwise , you may make as many copies of the software as you wish , and you may distribute it without any changes whatsoever to whomever you wish .
Any changes you might make to the software , any works you may derive from it , and any software you develop for our chips using it , are entirely your property to do with as you please so long as you respect our trademarks as noted above .
For example , if you create an enhanced version of arrayForth and wish to market it under your own name as a different product , that is your right .
Problems with our software may be reported by e-mail to our Hotline .
Personal support , assistance , and training are available for a fee ; please contact Sales for pricing and payment options .
Read the Introduction to arrayForth for more information .
The current releases of arrayForth are chip specific , including correct F18 compiler , ROM source code , and softsim correctly configured for that chip .
Once a chip has emerged from the foundry and been tested , Interactive Debugging Environment support is included as well .
Click a link below to download the desired version :
arrayForth for production G144A12 current version : af - 35f - g144a12-PD MD5 hash : 675f04414d26b58ddc9df1156e23cce9
Older versions :
arrayForth for the GA4 - 1.2 current version : af - 42e3-ga4-1-2-PD MD5 hash : d1c460615a32b2441b844b6f7093084a
arrayForth for the GA144- 1.10 previous version : af - 34k2 - ga144-1-10 -PD MD5 hash : 732378d67272c5e8a423be562c64262f
Of course , there is no reason why you could not create your own software development environment .
The hardware interface , ROM code , and boot protocols of each chip are well documented for this purpose .
When was the last year where a team won the Stanley Cup when their best player was a total one - dimensional player ?
Let ’s look at the Stanley Cup Winners from the past 15 years and see who their leading scorer was and who their captain was ( since Ilya doubles as the captain of the Thrashers ) .
2009 – Pittsburgh Penguins ( Captain : Sidney Crosby , Scoring Leader : Evgeni Malkin )
2008 – Detroit Red Wings ( Captain : Niklas Lidstrom , Scoring Leader : Pavel Datsyuk )
2007 – Anaheim Ducks ( Captain – Scott Niedermayer , Scoring Leader : Teemu Selanne )
2006 – Carolina Hurricanes ( Captain – Rod Brind ’ Amour , Scoring Leader : Eric Staal )
2004 – Tampa Bay Lightning ( Captain – Dave Andreychuk , Scoring Leader : Martin St. Louis )
2003 – New Jersey Devils ( Captain – Scott Stevens , Scoring Leader : Patrik Elias – with 57 points , do n’t you love the trap ? )
2002 – Detroit Red Wings ( Captain – Steve Yzerman , Scoring Leader : Brendan Shanahan )
2001 – Colorado Avalanche ( Captain – Joe Sakic , Scoring Leader : Joe Sakic )
2000 – New Jersey Devils ( Captain – Scott Stevens , Scoring Leader : Patrik Elias )
1999 – Dallas Stars ( Captain : Derian Hatcher , Scoring Leader : Mike Modano )
1998 – Detroit Red Wings ( Captain : Steve Yzerman , Scoring Leader : Steve Yzerman – with 69 points !
I hate the 90s )
1997 – Detroit Red Wings ( Captain : Steve Yzerman , Scoring Leader : Brendan Shanahan )
1996 – Colorado Avalanche ( Captain : Joe Sakic , Scoring Leader : Joe Sakic )
1995 – New Jersey Devils ( Captain : Scott Stevens , Scoring Leader : Stephane Richer )
1994 – New York Rangers ( Captain : Mark Messier , Scoring Leader : Sergei Zubov )
Sorry , Montreal .
The 1993 Cup was n’t within the last 15 years , so I guess I ca n’t list the Canadiens .
Funny how these things work out .
Does Kovalchuk ’s name belong with any of the players not named Stephane Richer on that list ?
The closest anyone on this list comes to being labelled a one - dimensional player is Martin St. Louis and he ’s still a +16 for his career .
Kovalchuk is only now enjoying his first plus season , which I think , in part , is due to Nik Antropov 's defensively conscious presence ( career +70 ) .
Kovalchuk is a career - 82 , which is horrible considering the massive amount of points he puts up .
In his defence , his worst two plus / minus years were his first two in the league and the majority of his career the Thrashers have been pretty bad , but I do n’t think I can exonerate him that easily .
He ’s totally invisible in the defensive end and I do n’t think he can spell back - check .
Now I ’m not suggesting that any team with Ilya Kovalchuk as a member will never win a Stanley Cup .
But when you allocate such a large portion of your cap space to a player that is one - dimensional the rest of your team suffers , making it much harder to win a championship .
He is going to command a ridiculous deal ( something like 10 years and $ 8 + million per ) and can only do one thing !
The Leafs already have a fairly one - dimensional player ( Phil Kessel ) .
I only say fairly because while he is by no means defensive , he does back - check hard and has enough recognition to tie up loose players when the Leafs are scrambling .
Plus , he ’s still so young that he has n’t fully mastered the concept of being a two - way player ( maybe he never will , just hoping he does ) .
Ilya will turn 27 this year and has shown no interest in even engaging in his own end .
Spending $ 13 million of your cap space on both Kessel and Kovalchuk does n’t seem like the safest thing to me .
Additionally , did you see any pure offensive players on the above list ?
These types of players are often important elements to a team ( e.g. Fedorov in 1997 , 1998 ) , but in the cap era when you have to spend a large percentage of your available cap on these players it reduces the likelihood of filling out the rest of the roster with quality players .
So when the player you do spend that much money on only does one thing then it basically means you have to sign a more defensive minded player to play with him just to negate his poor defence .
If you allocate your money to someone like Pavel Datsyuk then it means that not only do you get a dynamic offensive player , but you have someone who plays well enough defensively that he can actually be considered the defensive conscience of a line !
I ’ve stated before my distaste for these super long - term deals and I think this is a deal that can potentially harm the Leafs long - term , unless Kovalchuk becomes a complete player .
I ’m not convinced that can happen .
Sure , they ’ll make the playoffs and maybe win some series , but a championship ?
Nah .
And that ’s all I care about .
I ’m not from Atlanta .
I wo n’t be happy with a first round sweep ( not that anyone in Atlanta even noticed ) .
But he is only 27 .
Steve Yzerman was a points machine early in his career and did n’t buy into defence until Scotty Bowman took over as head coach in 1993 ( when Yzerman was 28 ) .
Yzerman then became one of the best two - way players of all - time .
If the Leafs sign Kovalchuk then this is what I will tell myself could happen .
Would I instantly love Kovalchuk and defend him vehemently ?
Maybe .
I ’ve got to protect my psyche .
While I am resistant to Kovalchuk signing in Toronto , I do think there is one great fit for him in the league .
Watching the Leafs play the Kings on Tuesday made me realize that Ilya Kovalchuk would be a perfect addition to this young , fast , and quickly maturing team out of South California .
Right now their main star is Anze Kopitar , who is a big body player who perfectly complements the fast and peripheral style of Kovalchuk .
Furthermore , the Kings have a very deep team filled with excellent two - way players such as Dustin Brown , Ryan Smyth , and Jarret Stoll who can bring balanced to the pure offense of Kovalchuk .
Kovalchuk 's addition would bring an explosive offensive force to their line - up , but would n’t be as detrimental defensively because of these types of players already under contract .
Kovalchuk on this team gives them a marquee player that can make them a legitimate Stanley Cup contender as early as next year ( although more likely two ) .
Chicago - LA would be a fun rivalry .
Really fast .
Really exciting .
Tons of snipes .
Bringing in Kovalchuk , either at this trade deadline or via free agency would protect the Kings team from regressing next year .
This is a very young team and it is unlikely that all of their young players will enjoy the same smooth progression that they are achieving this year .
St. Louis is suffering from this type of setback after a promising season last year where they achieved a playoff berth .
Now they are back to being bottom dwellers .
Ilya Kovalchuk can help take the pressure of these young players and allow them to develop without as much attention and demand for production .
Plus , Kovalchuk in LA is great for the game .
He ’s an exciting player that can help grow the game of hockey in LA as the young team grows with them .
LA loved hockey when Gretzky played there and having Kovalchuk as the star fits with the glamour of California .
I can see hockey getting big in LA again if the Kings return to prominence with a fun team .
California wants to see a show .
They ’re willing to watch anything that ’s talented .
Will they win a cup with Kovalchuk ?
It remains to be seen .
But they have a better chance of winning a cup with Kovalchuk than the Leafs do .
Ilya Kovalchuk is the best pure goal scorer in the NHL .
That ’s a ballsy statement considering the goal - scoring prowess of Alexander Ovechkin .
But notice that I used the word pure .
Ovechkin is n’t a pure goal scorer because he does a lot more for the Washington Capitals than just score goals .
He basically plays like a 3rd line energy player , but just happens to have the talents of an elite goal - scorer .
There are many rumours that suggest the Leafs would love to add Kovalchuk if he makes it to free agency this off - season .
Kovalchuk ’s goal - scoring abilities are sorely lacking from the Leafs line - up and his addition would instantly make the Leafs a playoff team , but I ’m not content with just a playoff team .
I want Leafs management to build a team capable of contending for the Stanley Cup .
I do n’t mind waiting , but I want to see it done right .
I do n’t think signing Kovalchuk to a ridiculous long - term contract is the answer to the Leafs problems .
Golden Globes movie nominations : “ Up in the Air ” leads the way
I ’ll start with the facts on the Golden Globe movie nominations , which came out this morning , and move on to just a bit of opining about the awards themselves later on .
( Will Harris has his thoughts on who should win among the television Golden Globe nominees down below . )
As the above indicates , Jason Reitman ’s “ Up in the Air ” collected the most nominations from the awards given annually by the Hollywood Foreign Press Assocation ( HFPA ) with six nods .
Just behind it was most of the other films that are emerging as this year ’s awards usual suspects .
The Broadway musical adaptation from director Rob Marshall , “ Nine , ” got five nominations ; “ Avatar , ” and “ Inglourious Basterds ” received four nominations each .
Following with three nominations were “ The Hurt Locker , ” “ Invictus ” and “ Precious , ” as well as two names that are somewhat new to this year ’s awards sweepstakes , Tom Ford ’s “ A Single Man ” and the upcoming star driven comedy from Nancy Myers , “ It ’s Complicated . ”
( Thanks to Nikki Finke , or her inevitably long - suffering assistant , for providing not only a complete list of nominations , but also a convenient awards tally not only by film , but also by studio and TV network . )
Neither “ A Single Man ” nor “ Invictus ” made the cut for “ Best Picture – Drama . ” Meryl Streep and Matt Damon both got two acting nominations , with Streep competing against herself in the “ Best Actress – Comedy ” category for “ Julie & Julia ” and “ It ’s Complicated . ”
One factor that somewhat complicates covering the Globes is that they separate dramas from comedies and musicals .
This year , “ Up in the Air , ” which bills itself as a “ dramatic comedy ” but which a lot of people seem to see as simply a mature and relatively low - key comedy with topical overtones , was nominated in the drama category .
This prompted the AP ( via MSNBC ) to opine that the nomination in that category could give it more “ weight ” for the Oscars .
I have to say that , while it ’s so wrong in some many ways , there may be some truth to that and getting the meme out that the film is more drama than comedy might help Oscar voters to nominate it .
To further mess with our heads , another film that is said to mix laughter with more serious aspects , “ A Serious Man , ” got a nomination for actor Michael Stuhlbarg in the comedy category .
Also , Robert Downey , Jr. was nominated for the upcoming Guy Ritchie action - mystery fest , “ Sherlock Holmes , ” in the comedy category — which may or may not be fitting , though the film does seem to be is playing up the humorous potential of the Holmes myth .
A couple of modest surprises .
“ District 9 ” was nominated for Best Screenplay ; nice to see genre picks getting their props .
Also , it ’s a law now that Christoph Waltz must be nominated for his A+ villainy in “ Inglourious Basterds , ” but missing was newcomer Christian McKay , whose universally gushed - over performance in “ Me and Orson Welles ” seems to have been shaping up to be Waltz ’s possibly only real competition for the Supporting Actor Oscar .
Not enough star power for the Globes , I guess .
The Golden Globes has never been the tidiest of awards , that ’s for sure .
Nor are they known for being the most , well , merit - based .
Indeed , while La Finke is making with the invective as usual , she may have a point about the awards not registering very high on the integrity scale .
I personally do n’t take any awards all that terribly seriously — they are really only an aggregation of opinion , and so their value kind of depends on the thoughtfulness of the voters .
Moreover , even where people might actually know their fields fairly well , their choices are often distorted by various outside factors such as visibility / name recognition , personal popularity , career achievement for non-career achievement awards , and what movies they actually got to see .
Still , the Globes may be a special case .
In 1982 , Pia Zadora , a young singer and former child actress and star of “ Santa Claus Conquers the Martians ” with a very wealthy husband and a promotional campaign to match , won “ New Star of the Year . ”
The award was purportedly on the basis of her soon - to - be Razzie - winning performance in a movie called “ Butterfly . ”
Ms. Zadora has done a better job of living down the embarrassment than the Globes ever have .
Fittingly , then , the award show itself has always been a looser , more booze - infused , affair that many argue is therefore more entertaining than the Oscars .
Eugene Hernandez is clearly correct in stating that the Globes “ favor star wattage . ”
Nevetheless , Anne Thompson makes a few interesting observations about possible Oscar tea leaves here .
Where I ca n’t agree with her , however , is that she finds it a “ shocker ” that Sandra Bullock scored two acting nominations , one for “ The Blind Side ” on the drama side and one for “ The Proposal ” on the comedy side .
She seems surprised that Bullock got even one nomination and skeptical that her “ Blind Side ” performance has a major shot at an Oscar nomination .
My hunch is that Bullock is a shoe - in for an Academy nomination for the feel - good sports drama ( nominating “ The Proposal ” for anything would be very unusual ) .
The Academy likes to acknowledge somewhat populist sleeper hits and it also loves to honor actors who rise above their usual meh - to - okayness with a really special performance that ’s better than just okay .
I call this the “ Kim Basinger in ‘ L.A. Confidential ’ phenomenon . ”
I ’d say that not only is it extremely likely that Sandra Bullock will get an Oscar nomination for Best Actress , but that her prospects for winning are actually very good .
I mean , the Academy can give Meryl Streep a reasonable award just about any year they want for as long as she decides to make movies , but how many chances are they going to have to give one to Sandra Bullock ?
By now most people are aware of how Dubai got itself in over its head .
What exactly is the perfect metaphor for Dubai 's excesses ?
The palm - tree shaped islands ?
The underwater hotel ?
The indoor ski resort ?
It all had the feel of Disneyland meeting the dot - com mania .
In the end it was all about borrowed money .
Lots of it .
In that context Dubai is not alone .
Dubai's default has the world 's investors asking the question :
Who 's next ?
Practically on the same day that Dubai announced their debt default , Vietnam sent out its own warning .
Among Asian stock markets , “ the biggest risk now is Vietnam , ” said Mobius , who oversees about $ 25 billion of emerging - market assets and has about $ 1 million invested in Vietnam .
“ The government is taking measures which may cancel out each other . ”
“ On one hand they ’re devaluing the dong , on the other hand they ’re increasing money supply in order to keep economic growth going , and they ’re raising interest rates , ” Mobius said .
“ When there ’s confusion and uncertainty , you know what happens , people sell .
They do n’t want to stick around . ”
Vietnam has struggled with inflation for many years now .
The memories of the climatic Asian currency crisis of 1997 are still fresh in people 's minds .
People in the region are well aware that it all started with Thailand devaluing their currency .
The day before Dubai announced their intention to default , the Ukraine made a special effort to tell investors that they were n't about to do the same .
( Reuters ) - Ukraine sought to calm foreign investors ' fears of a sovereign default after European markets wobbled last week on the consequences of the restructuring of a syndicated loan by the state railway firm .
Investors have feared a state default throughout the year as the ex-Soviet state plunged deep into recession and most recently as the International Monetary Fund suspended its $ 16.4 billion bailout programme .
Like Dubai , the Ukraine was in trouble because of a state - owned business .
Making it a particularly difficult situation worse is a collapsing economy , which contracted at a 15.9 % rate in just the last quarter , straining the ability of the government to repay its foreign debts .
The Ukraine sits near the center of most of the world 's most pressing sovereign concerns - eastern Europe .
Leading this group is Greece .
" As far as the bond vigilantes are concerned , the Bat - Signal is up for Greece , " said Francesco Garzarelli in a Goldman Sachs client note , Tremors at the EMU Periphery .
The newly - elected Hellenic Socialists ( PASOK ) of George Papandreou confess that the budget deficit will be more than 12 pc of GDP this year , four times the original claim of the last lot .
After campaigning on extra spending , it will have to do the exact opposite .
" We need to save the country from bankruptcy , " he said .
Public debt in Greece is already at 100 % and is expected to reach 135 % by 2011 .
The current account deficit is over 14 % .
Efforts to balance this on the backs of workers has met with violent resistance .
Hungary seems to always be teetering on the edge of crisis .
With government debt totalling 80 % of GDP , Hungary is most deeply in debt among the region ’s countries .
Therefore , it is no surprise that its 5 - year CDS spread jumped 15 bp to 232 by last night , coupled with a weakening forint .
Hungary was not the only one of the region ’s countries to feel the negative impact , for instance the CDS spreads of Bulgaria and Poland are the highest in 2.5 months , while Romania ’s is at 3 - month peak .
Hungary 's economy has contracted by over 7 % from last year , and is still in recession , but that is positively rosy compared to the situation in the Baltic States .
Latvia 's economy contracted by 18.3 percent in the third quarter compared with the same period in 2008 .
Estonia , meanwhile , posted a 2.8 - percent contraction against the second quarter and 15.3 percent compared with 2008 .
The price of homes in Latvia have fallen a staggering 59.7 % in just the last year .
Repeated IMF bailouts in 2009 has kept many eastern European government from defaulting , but it has n't managed to get them out of their recessions .
Bulgaria 's economy is shrinking at an increasing rate .
Strangely enough , the collapsing economices and falling currencies has n't kept the stock markets of the region from booming with massive inflows of hot money .
The Ukraine 's PFTS Index climbed 108 percent in the fact of a collapsing economy .
Romania ’s Bucharest Exchange Trading Index has risen 75 percent this year in U.S. dollar terms despite the government collapsing last month over economic concerns .
Hungary ’s benchmark Budapest Stock Exchange Index gained 84 percent this year .
Which , if any , of these nations will default in the coming years ?
It 's impossible to say for certain .
However , one thing is for certain , people are looking harder now and asking tougher questions .
Firefox 3.6 Beta ( revision 5 ) is the latest development milestone of the next version of the Firefox web browser .
As beta software , this release is considered to be stable and safe to use for daily web browsing , though the features and content may change before the final product release .
At this time many Add - ons may not yet have been tested by their authors to ensure that they are compatible with this release .
If you wish to help test Add - on compatibility , please install the Add - on Compatibility Reporter - your favorite Add - on author will appreciate it !
Check out what ’s new , the known issues and frequently asked questions about the latest version of Firefox .
Please tell us what you think , either by using this feedback form or by filing a bug in Bugzilla .
We appreciate your input !
These are the parts which are in play
If you find video games a struggle , it could be to do with the size of certain parts of your brain , a study suggests .
US researchers found they could predict how well an amateur player might perform on a game by measuring the volume of key sections of the brain .
Writing in the journal Cerebral Cortex , they suggest their findings could have wider implications for understanding the differences in learning rates .
There is broad acceptance of a link between brain size and intelligence .
However it remains a complicated picture .
Within the animal kingdom some smaller brains appear superior to many larger ones : the monkey 's compared with the horse , for instance , or the human and the elephant .
But there are certain parts of the brain which can be disproportionately larger , and this may explain some differences in cognitive ability - between individuals as well as species .
A multi-disciplinary team from the University of Illinois , the University of Pittsburgh and Massachusetts Institute of Technology recruited 39 adults - 10 men , 29 women - who had spent less than three hours each week playing video games in the previous two years .
They then had to play one of two versions of a specially developed game .
One required them to focus exclusively on achieving a single goal , the other involved shifting priorities .
Playing power MRI scans showed participants with a larger nucleus accumbens , which is part of the brain 's reward centre , outperformed others in the first few hours , perhaps due to the " sense of achievement and the emotional reward " accompanying achievement in the earliest stages of learning , the team speculated .
But those players who ultimately performed best on the game in which priorities changed had larger sections deep in the centre of the brain , known as the caudate and putamen .
No matter what your brain size is it's what you do with it that counts
Timothy Bates
University of Edinburgh " This makes sense , because these areas have been linked to learning procedures and new skills , as well as adapting to changing environments .
These people could do a number of things at once .
Think of it like driving a car , as well as looking at the road , you 're tampering with your GPS , and talking to your passengers , " says Prof Arthur Kramer of the University of Illinois .
" The great thing about using a video game rather than methodical cognitive tests is that it brings us a step closer to the real world and the challenges people face . "
In total , the team calculated that nearly a quarter of the difference in performance could be predicted by measuring the volume of the brain .
Keep trying
The findings should not however be used to support a determinist view of the world in which everyone simply had to accept the brain they were born with , nor as paving the way for a brave new world in which people 's brains were regularly measured to predict their ability , Prof Kramer said .
" It has been shown that some parts of the brain are fairly plastic - they can change and develop .
The more we learn about these structures and function the more we can understand the circuits that promote memory and learning .
That can have educational benefits but also implications for an ageing population where dementia is an issue . "
Timothy Bates , a professor of psychology at the University of Edinburgh , said the study 's findings fitted with increasingly prevailing views about brain size and cognitive ability .
" But that 's no excuse for saying I 'm not going to bother doing my homework .
The person born with the large brain can easily be outstripped by someone with a smaller brain .
No matter what your brain size is , it 's what you do with it that counts .
Just remember the hare and the tortoise . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
The fragile truce between science and art came under strain today when common depictions of snowflakes threatened to divide the two cultures over the festive season .
In the latest salvo between the warring factions , Christmas card manufacturers , advertising agencies and children 's book publishers are accused of corrupting nature with " incorrect designer versions " of snowflakes that defy the laws of physics .
A letter to the prestigious journal Nature calls on scientists to take a stand against all images of four , five and eight - sided " faux " snowflakes .
Professor Thomas Koop , who specialises in ice crystal formation at the University of Bielefled in Germany , had turned a blind eye to the depiction of unnatural snowflakes until he noticed an octagonal one on Nature 's own marketing website , captioned " ... for anyone who loves science . "
Koop decided to make his frustration known .
" It bugs me , " Koop told the Guardian .
" It 's the molecular building blocks that shape these crystals and they can't form any shape other than a hexagon . "
In a letter to Nature , Koop points out that the hexagonal shape of snowflakes has been known for at least 400 years when Johannes Kepler , the German astronomer , published his mini-treatise on the subject , " On the six - cornered snowflake " .
" Beautiful photographs abound , including those taken by Vermont farmer Wilson A Bentley starting in 1885 ...
Why then do many artists invent their own physically unrealistic snow crystals ? "
Snowflakes – or more accurately snow crystals – are famously unique , though Koop admits scientists cannot prove that no two alike have ever fallen to Earth .
As different as they are , all have sixfold hexagonal symmetry .
Snowflakes can be single crystals or larger agglomerations .
Poor understanding of how snowflakes form means we are now knee - deep in fake flakes , Koop laments .
" The grand diversity of naturally occurring snow crystals is commonly corrupted by incorrect ' designer ' versions , " his letter adds .
Snow crystals form when water vapour condenses into solid ice .
Depending on the temperature and relative humidity , the ice crystal will grow into a hexagonal rod , a solid , flat plate , or a spectacular branched crystal .
The symmetrical shape comes from the water molecules ' hexagonal crystal lattice .
" We who enjoy both science and captivating design should aim to melt away all four , five and eight - cornered snow crystals from cards , children 's books and advertisements , by enlightening those who unwittingly generate and distribute them , " Koop concludes .
A 2 - year study by Indian Council of Medical Research concluded that the condoms made according to International standards are too large for Indian men .
The study claims –
50 % of the penises measured were smaller than the International standard for condoms .
1 out of 5 condoms either falls off or tears during sex
60 % of Indian men have penises which are between three and five centimetres shorter than international standards used in condom manufacture .
The study concludes my suggesting condom manufacturers to make customized condoms for Indians .
The study was done on 1200 Indian men from different areas of the country .
Over 1,200 volunteers from the length and breadth of the country had their penises measured precisely , down to the last millimetre .
The scientists even checked their sample was representative of India as a whole in terms of class , religion and urban and rural dwellers .
The conclusion of all this scientific endeavour is that about 60 % of Indian men have penises which are between three and five centimetres shorter than international standards used in condom manufacture .
Source : news.bbc.co.uk
It seems like different sizes of condoms are available in India , but people are not made aware about it .
Mr Puri said that since Indians would be embarrassed about going to a chemist to ask for smaller condoms there should be vending machines dispensing different sizes all around the country .
“ Smaller condoms are on sale in India .
But there is a lack of awareness that different sizes are available .
There is anxiety talking about the issue .
And normally one feels shy to go to a chemist ’s shop and ask for a smaller size condom . ”
Source : news.bbc.co.uk
But then again , I doubt if a guy would go into a store and ask – “ Is this the smallest you have ? ”
Jurisdictions across Canada have proclaimed January 28 , 2010 as Data Privacy
Day to recognize the importance of protecting personal information and increasing awareness about privacy rights and responsibilities .
“ By proclaiming Data Privacy Day , the Mayors of Vancouver , Edmonton , Toronto , Calgary and Ottawa are showing that they promote data protection in city operations , ” says Sharon Polsky , National Chair of CAPAPA .
“ Their formal recognition of Data Privacy Day speaks to the importance of citizens understanding their privacy rights and responsibilities . ”
Data Privacy
Day is important to raise awareness among Canadians and engage them in discussion about practical aspects of data privacy and strategies for safeguarding personal information .
“ So many organizations collect so much information about us every day , ” noted Monica Muller , privacy lawyer and CAPAPA ;s regional Representative for the BC Lower Mainland .
“ It ’s important for all Canadians to think about what happens to that personal information , including the information we voluntarily post about ourselves online . ”
This year , more jurisdictions than ever across Canada are formally recognizing Data Privacy Day .
Their proclamations or other written commitment to Data Privacy Day will be posted on the CAPAPA web site at www.capapa.org .
Data Protection
Day is an internationally recognized day to highlight the importance of protecting personal information .
CAPAPA events celebrating this 4th International Data Privacy Day are being held in major centers across Canada from January 25 to January 28 , with the generous support and participation of Federal and Provincial Privacy Commissioners , government agencies , and private sector organizations .
For event details and to download educational and promotional materials , visit www.capapa.org
Proclamation by the Mayor of Vancouver ( .gif )
Proclamation by the Mayor of Ottawa ( .gif )
Story and photos by David Bacon
Berkeley , California -- November 20 , 2009 -- Students occupied Wheeler Hall on the University of California campus in Berkeley , protesting against a decision by university regents to raise tuition fees by 32 % , bringing them to US $ 10,302 per year for undergraduates .
At the beginning of the occupation the students made several demands , including the reinstatement of 38 laid - off custodial workers , and amnesty for protesting students .
The hall was surrounded by hundreds of supporting students , faculty members , campus workers and community members .
The day before the occupation , two university unions -- the University Professional and Technical Employees and the Coalition of University Employees -- together with students and members of campus faculty mounted a campus - wide strike .
After a day of occupation , students voluntarily left the building , and were cited for misdemeanor trespass .
On other University of California campuses , including at Los Angeles , Santa Cruz and Davis , students also occupied buildings and in some cases were arrested .
Puck Lo , a student at the UC Berkeley Graduate School of Journalism , and one of those occupying Wheeler Hall , told the LA Times that the protests were taking place during a period in which students also had to study for coming final exams .
" This strike is really inconvenient " , she said .
" But this seems the honourable thing to do for future students . "
[ For more articles and images by David Bacon , see http://dbacon.igc.org.
See also Illegal People -- How Globalization Creates Migration and Criminalizes Immigrants ( Beacon Press , 2008 ) .
Recipient : C.L.R. James Award , best book of 2007- 2008 , http://www.beacon.org/productdetails.cfm?PC=2002, and the photodocumentary on indigenous migration to the US Communities Without Borders ( Cornell University / ILR Press , 2006 ) , http://www.cornellpress.cornell.edu/cup_detail.taf?ti_id=4575.
See also The Children of NAFTA , Labor Wars on the U.S. / Mexico Border ( University of California , 2004 ) , http://www.ucpress.edu/books/pages/9989.html.]
Staff and students strike at UC campuses
Ian Steinman , Melissa Cornelius and James Illingworth from University of California Santa Cruz report on a three - day strike in the UC system that begins today -- and a library occupation at Santa Cruz that forced administrators to back down .
November 18 , 2009 -- Socialist Worker --
A three - day strike and protest by students , staff and faculty will begin today at campuses in the University of California system against a proposed 32 per cent fee hike for students and continuing attacks on campus unions .
Members of the University Professional and Technical Employees union at UC schools are timing their second strike of the semester -- this time , a two - day walkout -- to stand with the broader movement against cuts and fee hikes , and to demand a fair contract for members .
Meanwhile , students , staff and faculty across the state will be taking action in solidarity with a mass protest planned against the UC Regents meeting at UCLA -- the demonstrators hope to prevent the meeting from imposing the outrageous increases .
These actions were planned at the 800 - strong October 24 conference at UC Berkeley , where activists from UC campuses , the California State University system , community colleges and pre-K through 12th grade public education voted for a statewide strike and day of action on March 4 to defend public education .
Although this week 's strike is centered in the UC system , activists from San Francisco State and the City College of San Francisco , as well as other campuses , have planned solidarity events .
The California Faculty Association is also planning an action at CSU - Long Beach to oppose cuts .
On the eve of these protests , around 250 students took over the Science and Engineering Library at UC Santa Cruz on the evening of November 13 .
The 24 - hour " study - in " to protest restricted library hours was the largest building occupation yet in the growing movement to defend public education .
Due to the ongoing budget crisis , the library on campus was scheduled to close at 5 pm on Friday and remain closed all day Saturday , denying students the opportunity to study in the run-up to final exams .
In protest , activists organised an inspiring example of mass action and democratic decision making , and successfully kept the library open until Saturday evening .
The library sit -in emerged from a period of feverish student activism against the budget cuts .
On September 24 , the first day of classes at UC Santa Cruz , hundreds of students and workers took part in a statewide strike and walkout against the furloughs and pay cuts imposed on faculty and staff .
That same day , a group of about 20 students occupied the Graduate Student Commons on campus and remained barricaded inside for a week .
A couple weeks later , another group of activists organised a second building occupation , although this action lasted just a few hours .
Hundreds of students , faculty and staff have taken part in general assembly meetings in recent weeks to discuss the way forward for the movement .
The library occupation at Santa Cruz was inspired by an action at UC Berkeley in October , in which more than 100 students took over a campus library to protest reduced opening hours .
The Berkeley action took place at a time when the two building occupations at Santa Cruz had raised some important questions for activists :
Should our actions have specific demands ?
Are " militant " tactics such as occupations and sit-ins the only way to build the movement ?
How can we reach beyond the committed core of activists and bring new people into action ?
Should we organise in secret , or be as open as possible ?
The study - in seems to have answered many of these questions .
Students had been planning and publicising the event for several weeks , and had managed to create a buzz on campus .
By November 13 , almost 900 people had responded to the event 's Facebook page , and thousands more had seen flyers posted on campus .
Plus , by choosing the Science and Engineering Library , the organisers attempted to reach out to a section of the campus population -- science students -- who had previously not been very active in the movement .
Finally , organisers gave the event a clear and achievable goal -- keeping the library open so that students could use it to study .
Throughout the action , students were democratic and inclusive .
By contrast , campus authorities tried everything in their power to prevent the event from happening -- including lies , broken promises , threats and intimidation .
On the day of the study - in , dozens of students began to gather at the library entrance some two hours before its scheduled closing time .
To their surprise , university authorities demanded that everyone entering the building after 3 pm would have to hand over their ID .
This raised concerns about potential administrative repression , given that some student activists are already facing disciplinary procedures related to previous actions on campus .
The group as a whole decided to reject this condition for entering the library .
After more than an hour of tense discussions between activists and administrators , an agreement emerged .
People entering the library would show their IDs and sign a list of names to be maintained in the joint custody of a librarian and a student activist .
The list would be handed over to students and destroyed once they left the library .
As closing time approached , dozens of students crowded into the library entrance , waiting for the administration to sign a statement formalizing the agreement .
At the last minute , campus authorities went back on their word and stated that a copy of the list would remain with the head librarian , thus threatening student activists with future reprisals .
When the growing crowd of students heard about the administration 's behaviour , the response was unanimous .
The whole body of 150 students marched into the library , chanting " Whose university ?
Our university ! " and " Whose books ?
Our books ! " .
More students poured in behind them , bringing the total number in the library to more than 200 .
The campus authorities looked on helplessly .
A second confrontation began a couple hours later .
The administration locked the library doors , preventing students who had left to get food from re-entering the building .
Students on the inside immediately called an emergency assembly , and more than 100 signaled their willingness to engage in direct action to open the doors .
A heated exchange followed in which the administration refused to open the doors unless all students left at midnight -- even though it had already acknowledged the action would continue until 5 pm the next day .
Faced with a demonstration of student resolve , however , the administration gave in and accepted a proposal in which the students as a whole would decide whether or not to stay overnight .
Amid cheers , chants and an infectious feeling of triumph , the doors were unlocked and another wave of 50 students poured in .
Soon , 300 students were occupying the library , and the administration was forced to concede defeat .
The study - in continued through to the next day , as originally planned .
Crucially , many of those who participated were working - class students who genuinely wanted to use the library to study for coursework and final exams .
These people represent new forces being drawn into the movement for the first time .
The action was successful not only in achieving its stated objectives , but more importantly in mobilising and radicalising a broad new layer of students .
It brought together the more radical wing of the movement and a large group of students who were new to activism , and represented a meaningful escalation of the political consciousness of the student body .
By meeting students where they were willing to go , both in action and politics , and then involving them in confrontations with the administration from which they emerged morally and practically victorious , the occupation pointed the way forward for future actions at UC Santa Cruz .
What you can do Many of the week 's activities are listed on the UC Solidarity web site .
Students , staff , faculty and instructors in the UC system can sign a petition showing their support for the strike .
For more on the October 24 organising conference at UC Berkeley and the call for a March 4 strike and day of action for UC campuses , the California State University system , community colleges and pre-K through 12th grade public education , see the California Campaign to Save Public Education web site .
[ Socialist Worker is the newspaper of the US International Socialist Organization . ]
Struggle heats up in California
November 20 , 2009 -- Socialist Worker -- Todd Chretien reports on protests at UCLA and campuses across the University of California system during three days of strikes and actions by students and staff .
Nearly 2000 students from University of California campuses -- including Berkeley , Los Angeles , Santa Cruz , Santa Barbara , Riverside , Irvine and San Diego -- converged on UCLA 's campus November 19 to confront the UC Board of Regents as it voted to increase tuition by 32 per cent next school year .
Several hundred students surrounded the Regents ' meeting , chanting , " UC Regents , I see racists ! " and " Lay off Yudof , " referring to UC President Mark Yudof .
Workers and students disrupted the meeting , and 14 people were arrested , as large numbers of police lined up to defend the regents .
California Highway Patrol officers were even brought on campus for crowd control .
Three Black students were reportedly Tasered in altercations with campus police .
After the regents voted for the fee hike , students held a die - in , blocking the busy intersection of Wilshire and Westwood for several minutes .
But protests began earlier in the day , even before the sun came up , when around 30 students occupied Campbell Hall with a banner reading , " In solidarity with university occupations everywhere . "
The action came in the middle of a three - day system - wide protest , anchored around a strike by members of the University Professional and Technical Employees union at UCLA and UC Berkeley , which was supported by Coalition of University Employees union members and others .
On November 18 , around 500 students , faculty and staff blockaded the main entrances to UC Santa Cruz , and more than 150 students occupied Kresge Town Hall in solidarity with the actions in LA .
On November 19 , more than 250 occupied the Clark Kerr administration building .
At UC Berkeley , two busloads of students from the UC Davis campus joined over 2000 Berkeley students , staff and faculty at a rally and march to send off a bus caravan to join the protests at UCLA .
Later in the day , some 200 students occupied a building at UC Davis , and police were threatening mass arrests late November 19 night .
At Berkeley , in an ominous development , police have charged a student for " incitement to riot " , which could be a felony charge -- and they moved aggressively to break up an attempted occupation of the Engineering Library .
Police also threatened students with arrest if they erected a tent city in historic Sproul Plaza , the birthplace of the Free Speech Movement during the 1960s .
The police even shut down a planned teach - in in the Bear 's Lair , a campus café -- on the grounds that the students were not authorized to use the cafeteria for the purposes of an educational event .
In response , students on the strike planning committee have issued an emergency call for a rally and march to the UC police department on November 20 to oppose police intimidation .
Action also spread beyond the UCs , as around 100 students at San Francisco State University occupied the administration building for the afternoon , disrupting campus business .
Nearby , more than 500 students at City College of San Francisco marched through the campus before confronting the vice chancellor to demand that the administration support the call for a March 4 statewide strike to defend public education .
The regents ' vote is certainly a defeat for the movement to defend public education .
But the statewide response shows that the movement is growing -- and points to a large mobilisation for the March 4 statewide strike and day of action to defend public education .
Improvisation is the main feature of Jazz that distinguishes it from other forms of music making .
Improvisation is the spontaneous musical performance within a relevant musical context .
It consists of novel melodic , harmonic and rhythmic musical elements .
This unique feature of jazz offers the opportunity for neurobiological research or even creativity .
What they did was do a functional MRI brain scan on 6 highly skilled professional jazz musicians .
These jazz musicians had to play a simple musical tune and an improvisation on this tune with the restriction to the use of C major scale quarter notes within the same octave of the simple tune .
Next they had to play a memorized original jazz composition with the accompagnement of a pre-recorded jazz quartet followed by an improvisation of the memorized composition .
In order to compare brain activity during these two conditions .
Everything was recorded , the music and finger / hand movements .
The participants used a keyboard in the fMRI without iron .
Spontaneous improvisation was in each case associated with a highly congruous pattern of activations and deactivations in prefrontal cortex , sensorimotor and limbic regions of the brain .
In addition , the majority of these regions showed functionally reciprocal patterns of activity .
That is , activations during improvisation were matched by deactivations during the control tasks , and vice versa , when each condition was compared to the resting baseline .
The prefrontal cortex was characterized by a deactivation during improvisation , sensorimotor activity in the sensory cortex area were mostly activated , and a widespread deactivation of the limbic and paralimbic region during improvisation .
These deactivation of limbic and paralimbic regions were seen in the amygdala , hippocampus and hypothalamus and other structures of this region .
The changes in the prefrontal cortex consisted of a deactivation in the lateral parts and activation in the medial parts of the prefrontal cortex .
The medial part is thought to play a role in the complex phenomenon of the self , internally motivated self generated content and as such this activation can be explained by the fact that improvisation is also a way of expressing one ’s own musical voice or story .
The deactivation of the lateral part is explained by the occurrence of free floating attention , permitting spontaneous expressions without interference of self - monitoring .
Activation of the sensorimotor regions is explained by the complex acoustic and sensory stimuli during improvisation on the keyboard .
The hardest to explain is the widespread deactivation of the limbic structures who are associated with emotions .
Deactivation of amygdala and hippocampus has been associated with the perception of music that is nice to the ears or elicits intense pleasure .
This does n’t explain the deactivation in other limbic structures .
Limb CJ , & Braun AR ( 2008 ) .
Neural substrates of spontaneous musical performance : an FMRI study of jazz improvisation .
PloS one , 3 ( 2 ) PMID : 18301756
DIETRICH , A. ( 2004 ) .
Neurocognitive mechanisms underlying the experience of flow Consciousness and Cognition , 13 ( 4 ) , 746-761 DOI : 10.1016/j.concog.2004.07.002
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
DSLinux official builds
What is it ?
DSLinux is a port of Linux to the Nintendo DS handheld device .
Here you can download official builds from the SVN repository .
Documentation is available on the DSLinux wiki .
License
The entire contents of these binaries are under " free " distribution licenses , either GPL , LGPL ( for the libraries ) , or BSD ( in a few places . )
You can get source code from the SVN page of DSLinux ( instructions for getting the source code ) .
Important information
root password for DSLinux builds since Jun 28 2005 is " uClinux " ( case sensitive ! )
Works on real hardware , use on emulators is not supported
Since Apr 28 2007 , RAM build is integrated in the DLDI build .
Download
If you use one of the three builds below , you must extract the " linux " directory in the root directory of your card .
The two builds below are composed of a single file .
There is also the gbamp - ext2 build , which uses an ext2 partition as root filesystem .
If you do n't know what is a root filesystem or an ext2 partition , you probably do n't need this file .
dslinux - gbamp - ext2.tgz ( for GBA Movie Player , uses an ext2 partition ) ( MD5 Checksum )
Last modified on : Mon Aug 10 16:07:31 CEST 2009
Changes since the last build
Restored ' lib/audiofile/src/audiofile.spec '
Restored 'user/games/noiz2sa/src/bulletml/tinyxml/xmltest'
Restored ' user/esd/src/esddsp'
Restored ' user/esd/src/esound.spec '
Restored ' user/bzip2/src/manual.html'
Restored ' user/bzip2/src/manual.ps '
Restored ' user/bzip2/src/manual.pdf '
Restored ' user/mc/src/intl/libintl.h'
A user / fbview / pixmap .c
A user / fbview / pixmap.h A user / fbview / ds_bmp.c
A user / fbview / ds_bmp.h
A user / fbview / ds_gpm.c
A user / fbview / ds_jpeg.c
A user / fbview / ds_gpm.h
A user / fbview / ds_jpeg.h Updated to revision 2428 .
The Auctioneers Chant
Occasionally at a livestock sale you hear people say , " What is the bid ?
What did he say ? "
Newcomers are sometimes confused by the auctioneer 's rapid speech and feel the auctioneer is saying words and sounds that are n't meant to be understood .
Although the most widely recognized talent of the auctioneer is undoubtedly his or her ability to talk rapidly  the first thing one should know about auctioneers is that their main job is to communicate , and if the audience cannot understand him or her , the auctioneer is not doing a good job .
This method of rapid - fire talking is called the auctioneer 's chant .
The rhythmic chant used by most livestock auctioneers in the United States is unique to North America .
It evolved as auctioneers saw the need to sell animals in a more rapid manner .
The chant is used to hold the attention of the audience and to keep the auction moving at a steady pace .
Unlike other types of sales , an auction is an event where all the customers are present at the same time .
Thus , the auctioneer is responsible for selling all the animals within a few hours , and his or her use of the chant helps keep the items moving .
The chant is a series of numbers connected by " filler " words to give the buyer time to think between bids .
A basic auctioneer chant goes like this :
" Who 'll give me a hundred dollars ?
One hundred dollar bid , now two ,
now two , will ya give me two ?
Two hundred dollar bid , now three ,
now three hundred , will ya give me three ?
Two hundred , two and a half , two - fifty ,
How about two - fifty ?
fifty ?
fifty ?
fifty ?
I got it !
How about two sixty ?
sixty ?
sixty ?
I 've got two sixty , now seventy ?
how about seventy ?
two - seventy ?
Most auctioneers have their own series or combination of filler words .
These words are everything except the numbers .
Filler words are used to restate the last number bid and to give buyers time to consider whether they want to bid higher .
The filler words are carriers -- they " carry " the numbers , which are the most important part of the chant .
Auctioneers create a steady rhythm in their chants by using phrases that flow and roll .
The rhythm enables the crowd to listen longer and faster by keeping the bids at regular intervals .
This helps the bidders know what to expect next and to keep the bids coming at a constant pace .
Auctioneers can be seen moving their hands to the rhythm of the chant .
This helps keep the bid fresh in the auctioneers mind .
For example , palms up might be the auctioneers private signal to himself that he is on an even hundred bid .
Palm down might be an odd hundred bid , or fifty .
Each auctioneer develops his own method of keeping track .
Many people think auctioneers sound like they 're singing because the rhythm has a beat much like music does .
The steady beat allows the auctioneer 's chant to move more rapidly than normal speech .
Since auctioneers have a limited amount of time to sell many animals , they need to speak quickly .
At an average horse auction , the auctioneer 's chant helps him or her sell an average of 30 animals per hour .
Certain types of auctions go even faster : wholesale automobile auctioneers frequently sell 125 - 175 cars per hour and tobacco auctioneers may sell 500 - 600 lots per hour , with buyers using a series of hand motions to signify bids .
These hand signals are universal -- which enables foreign buyers to communicate with the auctioneer .
Besides keeping the auction moving , the fast - paced chant creates excitement and makes the auction entertaining .
Auctioneers will adjust their pace , depending on the number of animals and the time allowed for each one .
After all , the auctioneer can only chant as fast as the bidders will bid .
Next time you attend an auction , concentrate on the numbers in the auctioneer 's chant , as well as the " filler words " .
The numbers are the most important part of the chant , and are pronounced the most clearly .
So next time you attend a livestock auction , listen carefully .
You CAN understand the auctioneer !
For more information , contact one of the sources listed below
National Auctioneers Association
National Auctioneers Association Home Page
EquineLinks.com
Come check out the EquineLinks --
Add your own url or website .
Horse Auctions Mailing List
Check out and subscribe to the Horse Auctions Mailing List
Welcome to Tattersalls & The Red Mile !
The Tattersalls Horse Sales are famous for sales of the finest horses Kentucky has to offer .
Careful Buyers Can Find Champions At Horse Auctions
Careful Buyers Can Find Champions
At Horse Auctions , by Sharon Miner .
Looking to purchase a horse ?
An auction may be one way to find what you are looking for .
Smiths Grove Horse Auction
Regular , all - breed Horse Auction in South Central Kentucky .
Held every 2nd and 4th Saturday , it is conveniently located between Nashville , TN and Louisville , KY on I - 65 just north of Bowling Green .
Call Col .
Terry Shoemaker at the livestock market 800- 563-2131 or Becky Fitzgerald at 270-749-2558 for more information .
Kentucky Standardbred Sales Company
' 00 Selected Yearling Sale , Fasig - Tipton Pavilion , Lexington , KY
Centralized Locator for HorseAuctions
CTNMG's HorseAuctions.com
Horse Auction Directory
USA - web 's Internet Auction List
Kentucky Auctioneers Association
Kentucky Auctioneers Association
Auction Universe
On line auctions
Please Sign Our Guestbook Please view Our Guestbook
This page has been visited times .
Page design by EquineLinks.com
Design@EquineLinks.com
270-749-2558
" We are no longer willing to continue censoring our results on Google.cn , and so over the next few weeks we will be discussing with the Chinese government the basis on which we could operate an unfiltered search engine within the law , if at all , " he said .
Remember VeriChip , the Florida company that once dreamed of injecting its human - implantable RFID microchips in everyone from immigrant guest workers to prison inmates ?
We have n't heard much from the company since a dipping stock price nearly got it delisted from the NASDAQ in March .
But it 's still alive , and in November it pulled off a seemingly incongruous acquisition .
Now called PositiveID , the new company is a merger between VeriChip and Steel Vault , the people behind NationalCreditReport.com .
With a human - implantable microchip maker now running a credit - scoring and identity - theft - protection website , privacy activists are worried again .
" The attraction to investors is the potential for synergies , " says Mark Rotenberg , executive director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center in Washington .
" You have to anticipate over time there will be an attempt to integrate the services . "
" Sci - fi wise , you could have a chip read by a scanner that determines your credit - worthiness , " says Evan Hendricks , editor of Privacy Times .
" Or you could have a credit card implant . ”
VeriChip and its former owner Applied Digital have been drawing fire since 2004 , when the FDA approved the rice - sized injectable RFID for human use .
While the company primarily pushed the chip as part of a system to index medical records – a kind of subcutaneous MedAlert bracelet – Richard Sullivan , then - CEO of Applied Digital , had a penchant for wantonly confirming every nightmare of cybernetic social control .
After 9/11 , it was Sullivan who announced the VeriChip would be perfect as a universal ID to distinguish safe people from the dangerous ones .
He dreamed of GPS - equipped chips being injected into foreigners entering the United States , prisoners , children , the elderly .
He thought the VeriChip would be used as a built - in credit or ATM card .
Indeed , in 2004 , one of VeriChip 's earliest deployments was at a Barcelona nightclub , where VIP patrons could pay 125 euro to get the chip installed in their arms as a debit card for drinks .
But today , Sullivan 's replacement says the company has no plans to market the VeriChip as a path to instant credit , despite the recent acquisition .
With his white - buttondown shirt open at the chest , PositiveID CEO Scott Silverman spoke about the merger in an interview at the company 's office suite in Delray Beach , Florida .
" Using the chip to relate to the credit - reporting services of NationalCreditReport.com , or even using it for financial transactions ... has not been a part of our business model for five years or more , since Sullivan 's been gone , and is not part of our business model moving forward , " he says .
Silverman also backed away from some of the Orwellian ideas floated by his cyberpunk predecessor .
" I can tell you that … putting [ the chips ] into children and immigrants for identification purposes , or putting them into people , especially unwillingly , for financial transactions , has [ not ] been and never will be the intent of this company as long I'm the chairman and CEO , " he says .
Yet in 2004 , Silverman told the Broward - Palm Beach New Times that the VeriChip could be used as a credit card in coming years .
And in 2006 , he went on Fox & Friends to promote the chipping of immigrant guest workers to track them and monitor their tax records .
And ahead of the recent merger , VeriChip gave a presentation to investors hinting there would be some cross-pollination between the two sides of the business .
It plans to " cross- sell its NationalCreditReport.com customer base " ( .pdf ) the Health Link service and vice - versa .
So , Americans with implanted VeriChips will be encouraged to divulge their finances to PositiveID , while credit - monitoring customers will be marketed the health - record microchip .
Critics of chipping are moved by a variety of concerns , ranging from the pragmatic to the religious – anti-RFID crusader Katherine Albrecht believes the technology is the Mark of the Beast predicted in the Book of Revelation , but also doubts its efficacy as a medical tag : VeriChip 's instruction manual warns that the chip may not function in ambulances and areas where there are MRI and X - ray scanners .
Security is another issue .
RFIDs can generally be scanned from distances much greater than the official specs suggest .
Nicole Ozer at the ACLU of Northern California notes that after Wired magazine writer Annalee Newitz experimentally cloned her VeriChip in 2006 , the company continued calling it secure .
But human chipping has high - profile fans as well , including former Secretary of Health and Human Services Tommy Thompson , who left his job as overseer of the FDA in 2005 – a year after VeriChip 's approval – to join the company 's board of directors .
Thompson announced he would personally join the 700 to 900 Americans who have the chip installed in their bodies .
( He later reportedly reneged . )
Whatever its plans for the future , PositiveID is focused on its original mission for now : implants tied to medical records .
On December 1 , the new company announced it 's collaborating with Avocare , a Florida health care business , in the hopes of bringing its " health care identification products " to 1 million patients .
AP Photo / Steve Mitchell
" What ’s he call up and say ?
' I got a hot one for you , Jon .
Can you take what ’s your email address ? '
Is that what he does ? " - Chris Matthews on Cheney 's media spokesman , Mike Allen of Politico .
As Chris says , this was " not reporting . "
It was fusing a journalistic enterprise with a political machine in order to gain page - views for a scoop and thereby money .
And that 's the danger of someone like Mike Allen getting so close to Dick Cheney that he is a stenographer - for - hire .
Could n't Cheney have just faxed his recent attack on the president to the press in general ?
Why does Mike Allen have to be his conduit ?
We know why .
Allen has proved his worth to Cheney .
Video of Politico's Jonathan Martin trying and failing to defend the whoredom of his publication after the jump :
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Snowball fight in Times Square , on 12/19/2009 , during the big blizzard of 2009 from dan n on Vimeo .
Some video of the spontaneous snowfight , mostly among patrons who had just gotten out of their Broadway shows , using my 5dm2 .
Not exactly the best quality considering I was sloppily using a rain jacket and have n’t ever really used the video function .
But I was impressed that it ’s slightly in focus .
This article may be reprinted free of charge provided 1 ) that there is clear attribution to the Orthomolecular Medicine News Service , and 2 ) that both the OMNS free subscription link http://orthomolecular.org/subscribe.html and also the OMNS archive link http://orthomolecular.org/resources/omns/index.shtml are included .
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Orthomolecular Medicine News Service , December 3 , 2009
Vitamin C As An Antiviral :
It 's All About Dose ( OMNS , December 3 , 2009 )
One of the most frequent questions from Orthomolecular Medicine News Service readers is , Just how much vitamin C should I take ?
Our bodies cannot make vitamin C ( ascorbate ) , although most animals can .
We must get it from our food and from supplements .
But how much do we really need ?
Persistent arguments on this question may be settled by looking at how much vitamin C animals manufacture in their bodies .
The answer is : quite a lot .
Most animals make the human body - weight equivalent of 5,000 to 10,000 milligrams a day .
It is unlikely that animals would have evolved to make this much vitamin C if they did not need it and use it .
Indeed , cells in many human body tissues concentrate vitamin C by 25 - fold or more over blood concentration .
Each person 's need for vitamin C differs because of differences in genetics and individual biochemistry [ 1,2,3 ] .
Further , our bodies undergo different stresses , and we certainly eat different foods .
Therefore , the daily need for ascorbate to maintain health for an adult varies between 2,000 - 20,000 mg / day .
Linus Pauling personally took 18,000 mg of vitamin C daily .
Although he was often ridiculed for this , it is interesting to note that Dr. Pauling had two more Nobel prizes than any of his critics .
He died at age 93 .
Abram Hoffer , MD , a colleague of Pauling 's , took megadoses of vitamin C and successfully gave it to thousands of patients over 55 years of medical practice .
Dr. Hoffer died at age 91 .
Antiviral Function
When we are challenged with a viral infection , our need for vitamin C can rise dramatically , depending on the body 's immune function , level of injury , infection , or environmental toxicity such as cigarette smoke [ 4,5 ] .
Ascorbate at sufficiently high doses can prevent viral disease and greatly speed recovery from an acute viral infection .
Surprising to some , this was originally observed by physicians in the 1940s and has been verified and re-verified over the last 60 years by doctors who achieved quick and complete recovery in their patients with ascorbate mega-doses [ 5 ] .
The effective therapeutic dose is based on clinical observation and bowel tolerance .
Clinical observation is essentially " taking enough C to be symptom free , whatever that amount may be . "
Bowel tolerance means exactly what you think it means : the amount that can be absorbed from the gut without causing loose stools . [ 5,6 ] .
Very high doses , 30,000 - 200,000 mg , divided up throughout the day , are remarkably non-toxic and have been documented by physicians as curing viral diseases as various as the common cold , flu , hepatitis , viral pneumonia , and even polio . [ 4,5,7 ] .
On first reading this may sound incredible .
We invite interested persons to read further , starting with the references listed below , and especially Dr. Frederick R. Klenner 's Clinical Guide to the Use of Vitamin C .
This short book is posted in its entirety at http://www.seanet.com/~alexs/ascorbate/198x/smith-lh-clinical_guide_1988.htm .
Mechanism For Ascorbate Antiviral Effect
Several mechanisms for vitamin C's antiviral effect are known or suggested from studies [ 4,8 ] .
The antioxidant property of ascorbate promotes a reducing environment in the bloodstream and tissues , enhancing the body 's response to oxidative stress from inflammation [ 9 ] , thereby helping to fight microbes and viruses that propagate in stressful conditions [ 10 ] .
Ascorbate has been shown to have specific antiviral effects in which it inactivates the RNA or DNA of viruses [ 11,12,13 ] , or in the assembly of the virus [ 14 ] .
Vitamin C is also involved in enhancing several functions of the immune system .
Ascorbate can enhance the production of interferon , which helps prevent cells from being infected by a virus [ 15,16 ] .
Ascorbate stimulates the activity of antibodies [ 17 ] , and in megadoses seems to have a role in mitochondrial energy production [ 18 ] .
It can enhance phagocyte function , which is the body 's mechanism for removing viral particles and other unwanted debris [ 4 ] .
White blood cells , involved in the body 's defense against infections of all types , concentrate ascorbate up to 80 times plasma levels , which , if you take enough vitamin C , allows them to bring huge amounts of ascorbate to the site of the infection [ 4 ] .
Many different components of the immune response , B - cells , T - cells , NK cells , and also cytokine production , all with important roles in the immune response , are enhanced by ascorbate [ 19 - 23 ] .
Additionally , ascorbate improves the immune response from vaccination [ 24,25 ] .
Summary
Vitamin C at high doses is effective in preventing viral infection and enhancing recovery .
Several mechanisms are known , including specific viral anti-replication processes and enhancement of many components of the body 's cellular immune system .
When taken at an appropriate dose in a timely manner , ascorbate is our best tool for curing acute viral illness .
References : [ 1 ]
Williams RJ , Deason G ( 1967 ) Proc Natl Acad Sci USA .
57:1638-1641 .
Individuality in vitamin C needs . [ 2 ]
Pauling L ( 1986 ) How to Live Longer And Feel Better , by Linus Pauling ( Paperback - May 2006 ) ISBN - 13 : 9780870710964 [ 3 ]
Hoffer A , Saul AW ( 2009 ) Orthomolecular Medicine for Everyone : Megavitamin Therapeutics for Families and Physicians .
ISBN - 13 : 9781591202264 [ 4 ]
Levy TE ( 2002 ) Curing the Incurable : Vitamin C , Infectious Diseases , and Toxins .
ISBN - 13 : 9781401069636 [ 5 ]
Hickey S , Saul AW ( 2008 ) Vitamin C : The Real Story , the Remarkable and Controversial Healing Factor .
ISBN - 13 : 9781591202233 [ 6 ]
Cathcart RF ( 1981 ) Vitamin C , titrating to bowel tolerance , anascorbemia , and acute induced scurvy .
Med Hypotheses .
7:1359-1376 . [ 7 ]
Klenner FR ( 1979 )
The significance of high daily intake of ascorbic acid in preventive medicine , in : Physician 's Handbook on Orthomolecular Medicine , Third Edition , 1979 , Roger Williams , PhD , ed. , p 51 - 59 . [ 8 ]
Webb AL , Villamor E ( 2007 ) Update : Effects of antioxidant and non-antioxidant vitamin supplementation on immune function .
Nutrition Reviews 65:181-217 [ 9 ]
Wintergerst ES , Maggini S , Hornig DH ( 2006 )
Immune - enhancing role of vitamin C and zinc and effect on clinical conditions .
Ann Nutr Metab . 50:85-94 . [ 10 ]
Kastenbauer S , Koedel U , Becker BF , Pfister HW ( 2002 ) Oxidative stress in bacterial meningitis in humans .
Neurology .
58:186-191 . [ 11 ]
Murata A , Oyadomari R , Ohashi T , Kitagawa K. ( 1975 ) Mechanism of inactivation of bacteriophage deltaA containing single - stranded DNA by ascorbic acid .
J Nutr Sci Vitaminol ( Tokyo ) .
21:261-269 . [ 12 ]
Harakeh S , Jariwalla RJ , Pauling L ( 1990 ) Suppression of human immunodeficiency virus replication by ascorbate in chronically and acutely infected cells .
Proc Natl Acad Sci USA .
87:7245-7249 . [ 13 ]
White LA , Freeman CY , Forrester BD , Chappell WA ( 1986 )
In vitro effect of ascorbic acid on infectivity of herpesviruses and paramyxoviruses .
J Clin Microbiol .
24:527-531 . [ 14 ]
Furuya A , Uozaki M , Yamasaki H , Arakawa T , Arita M , Koyama AH ( 2008 ) Antiviral effects of ascorbic and dehydroascorbic acids in vitro .
Int J Mol Med. 22:541-545 . [ 15 ]
Gerber , WF ( 1975 ) Effect of ascorbic acid , sodium salicylate and caffeine on the serum interferon level in response to viral infection .
Pharmacology , 13 : 228 . [ 16 ]
Karpinska T , Kawecki Z , Kandefer - Szerszen M ( 1982 ) The influence of ultraviolet irradiation , L - ascorbic acid and calcium chloride on the induction of interferon in human embryo fibroblasts .
Arch Immunol Ther Exp ( Warsz ) . 30:33 -37 . [ 17 ]
Anderson R , Dittrich OC ( 1979 ) Effects of ascorbate on leucocytes : Part IV .
Increased neutrophil function and clinical improvement after oral ascorbate in 2 patients with chronic granulomatous disease .
S Afr Med J. 1;56476-80 . [ 18 ]
Gonz lez MJ , Miranda JR , Riordan HD ( 2005 ) Vitamin C as an Ergogenic Aid. J Orthomolecular Med 20:100 -102 . [ 19 ]
Kennes B , Dumont I , Brohee D , Hubert C , Neve P ( 1983 ) Effect of vitamin C supplements on cell - mediated immunity in old people .
Gerontology .
29:305-310 . [ 20 ]
Siegel BV , Morton JI ( 1984 ) Vitamin C and immunity : influence of ascorbate on prostaglandin E2 synthesis and implications for natural killer cell activity .
Int J Vitam Nutr Res. 54:339-342 . [ 21 ]
Jeng KC , Yang CS , Siu WY , Tsai YS , Liao WJ , Kuo JS ( 1996 )
Supplementation with vitamins C and E enhances cytokine production by peripheral blood mononuclear cells in healthy adults .
Am J Clin Nutr . 64:960-965 . [ 22 ]
Campbell JD , Cole M , Bunditrutavorn B , Vella AT ( 1999 ) Ascorbic acid is a potent inhibitor of various forms of T cell apoptosis .
Cell Immunol . 194:1-5 . [ 23 ]
Schwager J , Schulze J ( 1997 )
Influence of ascorbic acid on the response to mitogens and interleukin production of porcine lymphocytes .
Int J Vitam Nutr Res. 67:10 - 16 . [ 24 ]
Banic S ( 1982 ) Immunostimulation by vitamin C. Int J Vitam Nutr Res Suppl. 23:49-52 . [ 25 ]
Wu CC , Dorairajan T , Lin TL ( 2000 ) Effect of ascorbic acid supplementation on the immune response of chickens vaccinated and challenged with infectious bursal disease virus .
Vet Immunol Immunopathol .
74:145-152. Nutritional Medicine is Orthomolecular Medicine Orthomolecular medicine uses safe , effective nutritional therapy to fight illness .
For more information : http://www.orthomolecular.org
The peer - reviewed Orthomolecular Medicine News Service is a non-profit and non-commercial informational resource .
Editorial Review Board : Carolyn Dean , M.D. , N.D .
Damien Downing , M.D .
Michael Gonzalez , D.Sc. , Ph.D .
Steve Hickey , Ph.D .
James A. Jackson , PhD
Bo H. Jonsson , MD , Ph.D
Thomas Levy , M.D. , J.D .
Jorge R. Miranda - Massari , Pharm.D.
Erik Paterson , M.D .
Gert E. Shuitemaker , Ph.D. Andrew W. Saul , Ph.D. , Editor and contact person .
Email : omns@orthomolecular.org
To Subscribe at no charge : http://www.orthomolecular.org/subscribe.html
Aug. 23 , 2009  -- Artist David Nordahl was at home painting in February 1988 when the phone rang at midnight .
A voice said , " This is Michael Jackson . "
Yeah , riiiight , he thought .
But he quickly realized the call was no prank .
While visiting Steven Spielberg 's office , Jackson had admired one of Nordahl 's paintings of Army troops invading an Apache camp as a young corporal shielded two Indian children .
Now the singer was reaching out to the painter .
For art lessons .
" He asked if I taught drawing and painting , " says Nordahl , whose realist oils of 19th - century Apaches are highly prized .
" I told him I did n't , but that I 'd think about it .
I was really busy . "
Their hour - long conversation sparked a close friendship and working partnership that led Nordahl to abandon renown in the art world for a cloistered vocation as Jackson 's portraitist .
From 1988 to 2005 , Nordahl completed thousands of drawings and roughly a dozen epic commissions , seven of which were among 2,000 Jackson items in Julien 's authorized auction , which the singer sued to stop last spring .
Many canvases encapsulate Jackson 's grandiose fantasies and fairy - tale worldview .
In a massive triptych , he is crowned and knighted in royal robes .
Along the sunlit path in " Field of Dreams , " he leads children of all nationalities ( plus sister Janet , AIDS activist Ryan White and actor Macaulay Culkin ) .
His firstborn son snoozes on an oversized golden throne in " Prince , The Boy King . "
Nordahl , 68 , became not only Jackson 's favorite living artist ( Michelangelo led the historic ranking ) but a trusted adviser and confidant who designed Neverland carnival rides and joined family outings .
He ducked the media for years , " because they wanted to talk about negative stuff , and I do n't know anything bad about Michael , " the soft - spoken Nordahl says , sitting with artist / wife Lori Peterson and frisky cat Scooter in a living room crowded with paintings by the couple .
He 's speaking now in hopes of brightening a picture darkened since Jackson 's death June 25 .
" I always thought of him as normal , " he says .
" He 's the most thoughtful , respectful person I 've ever met .
In 20 years , I never heard him raise his voice . "
Early days : Brainstorming
Nordahl 's Jackson period began after the singer invited him to the Denver stop of the Bad tour in March 1988 .
" I did n't know what to expect , " Nordahl says .
" He was sweet .
We went to galleries , bookstores and a private showing of the King Tut exhibit .
We sat around and laughed and talked and drew . "
Jackson demonstrated talent but was stretched too thin to pursue visual arts .
Instead , the two began hatching ideas for Nordahl to paint .
The artist conceived the inaugural work , Playmates for a Lonely Child , a 41 - inch - square oil of Jackson in a sylvan storybook scene .
Next Nordahl embarked on a far bolder statement , Field of Dreams , a 36 - by - 104 - inch oil study for an unfinished work that would have measured 12 by 38 feet .
He labored non-stop : large portraits , mythical tableaux , 10 - foot charcoal drawings , a plaque on the Neverland gate .
Nordahl billed Jackson in line with his earlier gallery rates , up to $ 150,000 for large pieces , and says he was always paid .
His duties expanded to amusement park design after Jackson began developing the ranch north of Santa Barbara , Calif. , and Nordahl juggled several projects while adapting to Jackson 's enchanted lifestyle .
At Neverland , the two tested rides and tended the exotic menagerie .
They took trips to Disneyland and spent time at billionaire Ron Burkle 's La Jolla , Calif. , estate , where Jackson 's insomnia often meant Nordahl was enlisted for wee - hour practical jokes and beachside chats .
( He also was a victim of Jackson 's notorious tricks , once finding his briefcase stuffed with bubblegum . )
He discovered the unglamorous Jackson , who in the late ' 80s often drove by himself in a Chevy Blazer ( and relieved himself in a bucket because he could n't risk being mobbed at gas stations ) and lived in a two - bedroom Los Angeles condo .
" I expected a penthouse with maids , " Nordahl says .
" There was a grand piano pushed into the kitchen , a popcorn machine and a good sound system .
The other furniture , you could n't have gotten 50 bucks for it at a garage sale .
Before the kids , Michael lived real simply . "
What fueled this bromance ?
" I grew up in a difficult home , and he did too , " says Nordahl , whom Jackson thanks in liner notes for 1991 's Dangerous and 1995 's HIStory .
" We had no playtime growing up .
We 're both fanatical about work .
" There was a bond . "
Nordahl 's youth troubled , too
Born in Albert Lea , Minn. , Nordahl left home at 12 and supported himself through high school by working on farms , pinstriping cars and selling his art .
" I can't remember not drawing , " he says .
" I had an abusive , alcoholic father , and drawing is something that takes you out of the real world .
I was always interested in cowboys and Indians .
I sold drawings of the Lone Ranger to my classmates . "
He began specializing in Apaches after moving to Steamboat Springs , Colo. , in 1977 , and his detailed , meticulously researched depictions soon lured collectors .
" His work had a lot of integrity , and he was one of those rare artists who was humble but extremely talented , " says prominent Santa Fe art dealer Ray Dewey , who held lotteries to determine buyers of Nordahl 's work because of high demand .
" His technique took a long time , so he was not prolific .
When he talked to me about leaving to paint for Michael Jackson , I had over 200 people on a waiting list for his work .
It was an interesting decision on his part .
" I think what Jackson saw in David was a complete artist , " Dewey says .
" He was a perfectionist .
He choreographed everything .
Jackson also may have seen his commitment to family .
David primarily painted the Apache people 's culture and lifeways , but he painted a lot of children , not just warriors .
And he painted animals beautifully , especially horses . "
What Nordahl saw in Jackson was a wounded and misunderstood genius who felt spiritually obligated to help children .
Though Jackson was acquitted in his 2005 child sexual abuse trial , it " broke his spirit , " Nordahl says .
" Michael would never molest a child .
He always felt so bad for kids who were mistreated or sick .
He spent so much time with critically ill kids .
If a mother called about a dying child somewhere , he 'd jump on a plane .
" People talked about Neverland being his private amusement park .
It was always meant for kids .
The last time I was at the ranch , they put up a big Sony JumboTron across from a condo building for sick children , so if kids woke up at night , cartoons would be on . "
' Michael was a real dad '
Nordahl was bewildered that Jackson seemed to elicit more mockery than sympathy .
" People accused him of trying to be white , which is ridiculous , " he says .
" When I first met him , his vitiligo ( a skin disorder that causes pigmentation loss ) had gone to the right side of his face and down his neck .
Most of his right hand was white .
Stark white patches .
He used makeup because he had to .
Without it , he was speckled all over . "
Nordahl never witnessed drug use by Jackson but was keenly aware of pain problems that lingered after the star 's hair caught fire on a Pepsi ad soundstage .
" When they were trying to repair that burned spot , he had a balloon under his scalp that was inflated , " Nordahl says .
" He let me feel it .
It was a huge mound .
As the skin got stretched , they cut it out and stitched the scalp .
He was in excruciating pain . "
Jackson seemed an unlikely addict , Nordahl says , noting his avoidance of cigarettes , alcohol , soft drinks and sugar .
" He was mostly a vegetarian , " he says .
" When he was on tour , the cooks would make him eat fish and sometimes chicken .
He loved little chicken wings .
He always drank water .
I shared wine with him only twice , once with ( ex - wife ) Lisa Marie ( Presley ) and once at Ron Burkle 's house .
Michael had one glass . "
The clearest evidence of Jackson 's responsible nature emerged in his parenting of Prince , Paris and Blanket .
" Michael was a real dad , not a Hollywood dad , " he says .
" He 'd get up at night to feed them bottles .
He 'd change them , bathe them , everything a mother does .
" All the time I spent with those kids , I never heard them beg for anything or throw a fit .
I never heard them cry .
They were so well - adjusted . "
Jackson took pains not to spoil his children , says Nordahl , recalling a modest eighth birthday party in L.A. for Prince .
( Jackson 's mother , Katherine , and sister Rebbie came over but skipped the festivities because of their Jehovah 's Witness beliefs , he says . )
" I was curious to see what Prince was going to get , " Nordahl says .
" I figured it would be pretty extravagant , but he did n't get one thing that cost over $ 2 .
He got Play - Doh , little action figures , things we 'd call stocking stuffers .
" The kids were not allowed to watch TV or DVDs or play video games " except through points earned by their schoolwork .
" Nothing was given to them .
Michael said , ' I want them to grow up as close to normal as possible . '
Those kids were so respectful and courteous , just sweet . "
Surprise visit to Santa Fe
Nordahl grew close to all three .
Typically , the artist spent time with the Jackson brood on the West Coast .
But over Memorial Day weekend in 2004 , the star and his tykes surprised Nordahl by visiting Santa Fe via Jackson 's plush private bus ( with a 60 - inch plasma TV ) .
Jackson suggested a movie outing .
" I thought we were going to a screening room , " Nordahl says .
" His driver pulled into DeVargas Mall .
He was friends with ( Roland Emmerich ) , the director of The Day After Tomorrow , and it was opening weekend .
The mall was jammed , and there was no place to park .
I took the kids , got the tickets and popcorn , and we went in .
Michael came in after the lights went down .
" The lights came up , and nobody noticed him .
He had on a baseball cap and these Chinese silk pajamas .
The kids had no masks on .
Any of those rags would have paid $ 100,000 for that picture . "
Paintings ' future unclear
He last saw Jackson in 2005 , when the singer moved to Bahrain and vowed never again to live on U.S. soil .
Accustomed to lulls when Jackson was overseas or overextended , Nordahl resumed painting Apaches and presumed he'd be summoned once Jackson found a new home and showcase for his treasures .
The fate of Nordahl 's Jackson paintings is in limbo , though they may be part of a touring exhibition of the singer 's memorabilia proposed by the estate administrators .
" I would like to see them in a Michael Jackson museum , " Nordahl says .
" That was always Michael 's goal .
He was very self - effacing , but he understood he was a music icon . "
Nordahl , represented by Settlers West Galleries in Tucson and Sherwoods Spirit of America in Santa Fe , has returned to painting Apaches and other subjects .
Whether his extended hiatus from the public eye damaged his authority or reputation " is difficult to gauge , " Dewey says .
" I do n't know if it furthered his career .
An artist who does commissions for one patron often is just isolated unless the patron publishes or exhibits the work .
David 's always been independent , and he 's never sought publicity . "
And how many patrons are the King of Pop ?
" We got to be such good friends that I forgot who I was hanging out with , " Nordahl says .
" Then he'd break into these dance moves , quick as lightning , and it would dawn on me :
He 's the best entertainer in the world . "
1 . You can get as big as a pro bodybuilder without taking steroids ; it just takes longer
Despite what many of the magazines say , all professional bodybuilders use either steroids or steroids in combination with other growth - enhancing drugs .
Without manipulating hormones , it just is n't possible to get that degree of muscularity , the paper - thin skin , and the continuing ability to pack on mass , despite sometimes having poor workout habits and relative ignorance of the principles involved that many pro bodybuilders have .
Many supplement distributors , in order to sell their products , would have you believe otherwise .
Still , that 's no reason to give up .
By using state - of - the - art training principles , consuming a nutrient - rich diet , and by getting proper amounts of rest , almost every person can make incredible changes in his or her physique .
The competitive bodybuilder circuit may not be in your future , but building the kind of physique that gains you respect is certainly achievable , as are self - respect and robust health .
2 . In order to get really big , you have to eat a super - high - calorie diet
Well , that 's true ; you 'll get really big if you eat a super high - calorie diet , but you 'll look like the Michelin Man 's fraternal twin .
However , if you want to get big , lean - tissue wise , then super - high - calorie diets are probably not for you unless you are one of those very few people with metabolic rates so fast you can burn off these calories instead of depositing them as fat .
Unfortunately , studies show that , in most people , about 65 % of the new tissue gains brought about by high - calorie diets consists of fat !
Of the remaining 35 % , approximately 15 % consists of increased intracellular fluid volume , leaving a very modest percentage attributable to increased lean muscle mass .
According to Dr Scott Connelly ( MM2 K , Spring 1992 , p. 21 ) , only about 20 % to 25 % of increased muscle growth stems from increased protein synthesis .
The rest of the muscle growth is directly attributable to increased proliferation of the satellite cells in the basal lamina of muscle tissue , and dietary energy ( calories ) is not a key factor in the differentiation of these cells into new myofibres ( muscle cells ) .
Of all factors determining muscle growth , prevention of protein breakdown ( anti- catabolism ) seems to be the most relevant , but adding adipose [ fat ] tissue through constant overfeeding can actually increase muscle pro-teolysis ( breakdown ) .
Furthermore , additional adipose mass can radically alter hormone balances which are responsible for controlling protein breakdown in muscle .
Insulin balance , for one , which partially controls anti-catabolism in the body , is impaired by consistent overfeeding .
So much for the eat - big - to - get - big philosophy !
Stay away from the super - high calorie diets unless you 're a genetic freak , or you 're woefully lean and do n't mind putting on fat [ or you 're using appropriate pharmaceutical supplements ] .
3 . If you eat a low - fat diet , it does n't matter how many calories you take in , you wo n't gain any fat
The bottom line is , if you exceed your energy requirements , you 'll gradually get fatter and fatter .
It 's true that eating a diet rich in fat will pack on the pounds quicker for a variety of reasons , the most significant being that a gram of fat has nine calories as opposed to the four calories per gram that carbohydrates and proteins carry .
Fat is also metabolized differently in the body .
It takes a lesser amount of calories to assimilate the energy in ingested fat than it does to assimilate an equal ( weight wise ) amount of carbohydrates .
Consequently , more fat calories get stored than carbohydrate calories .
However , the gross intake of carbohydrates , as facilitated by many of the weight - gain powders , will make you fat very quickly .
4 . The more you work out , the more you 'll grow
No , no no .
This is one of the most damaging myths that ever reared its ugly head .
95 % of the pros will tell you that the biggest bodybuilding mistake they ever made was to over - train -- and this happened even when they were taking steroids .
Imagine how easy it is for the natural athlete to overtrain !
When you train your muscles too often for them to heal , the end - result is zero growth and perhaps even losses .
Working out every day , if you 're truly using the proper amount of intensity , will lead to gross overtraining .
A body part , worked properly , i.e. worked to complete , total muscular failure that recruited as many muscle fibers as physiologically possible , can take 5 - 10 days to heal .
To take it a step further , even working a different body part in the next few days might constitute overtraining .
If you truly work your quads to absolute fiber - tearing failure , doing another power workout the next day that entails heavy bench - presses or deadlifts is going to , in all probability , inhibit gains .
After a serious leg workout , your whole system mobilizes to heal and recover from the blow you 've dealt it .
How , then , can the body be expected to heal from an equally brutal workout the next day ?
It can't , at least not without using some drugs to help deal with the catabolic processes going on in your body [ and even they 're usually not enough . ]
Learn to accept rest as a valuable part of your workout .
You should probably spend as many days out of the gym as you do in it .
5 . The longer you work out , the better
It just is n't necessary to do 20 - 30 sets for a body part , or even 10 sets like many ' experts ' would have you believe .
In fact , research has shown that it 's possible to completely fatigue a muscle in one set , provided that that set taxes a muscle completely , i.e. incorporates as many muscle fibers as possible and takes them to the point of ischemic rigour where , rather than contract and relax , the muscle fibers freeze up , sort of like a microscopic version of rigor mortis .
Any further contraction causes microscopic tearing .
Hypertrophy is just one adaption to this kind of stress and it's naturally the kind most bodybuilders are interested in .
This kind of intensity can usually be achieved by doing drop or break - down sets where you rep out , lower the weight , and continue doing reps until you either can't do another rep or you 've run out of weight .
It can also be achieved by doing your maximum number of reps on a particular exercise : by a combination of will , tenacity , and short rest periods , you complete ten more reps .
You achieve the short rest periods by locking out the weight - bearing joint in question without putting the weight down .
In other words , completely surpass your normal pain and energy thresholds .
If you can truly work your muscle to the point described , it will afford you little , if any , benefit to do another set ( Westcott , 1986 ) .
The exception would be the body parts that are so big that they have distinct geographical areas , like the back , which obviously has an upper , middle and lower part .
The chest might also fall into this category , as it has a distinct upper and lower part , each with different insertion points .
6 . You do n't have to be strong to be big
For a variety of reasons , people , even those with an equal amount of muscle mass , vary in strength enormously .
It might have something to do with fast - twitch / slow - twitch muscle ratios , or it might have something to do with the efficiency of nerve pathways or even limb length and the resultant torque .
But it is still a relative term .
To get bigger muscles , you have to lift heavier weight , and you , not the guy next door , have to become stronger -- stronger than you were .
Increasing muscle strength in the natural athlete , except in a very few , rare instances , requires that the tension applied to muscle fibers be high .
If the tension applied to muscle fibers are light , maximal growth will not occur ( Lieber , 1992 ) .
7 . The training programs that work best for pro bodybuilders are best for everyone
You see it happen every day in gyms across the country .
Some bodybuilding neophyte will walk up to a guy who looks like he's an escaped attraction from Jurassic Park and ask him how he trains .
The biggest guy in the gym likely got that way from either taking a tremendous amount of drugs and / or by being genetically pre-dispositioned to get big .
Follow a horse home and you 'll find horse parents .
The guy in your gym who is best bodybuilder is the guy who has made the most progress and done the most to his physique using natural techniques .
He may still be a pencil neck , but he may have put on 40 pounds [ 19 kg ] of lean body mass to get where he is , and that , in all probability , took some know - how .
That person probably does n't overtrain , keeps his sets down to a minimum , and uses great form and concentration on the eccentric ( negative ) portion of each exercise repetition .
Many pros spend hours and hours doing innumerable sets -- so many it would far surpass the average person 's recuperative abilities .
If average people followed the routines of average pro bodybuilders , they would , in effect , start to whittle down what muscle mass they did have or , at best , make only a tiny bit of progress after a couple of years .
8 . You can't build muscle on a sub-maintenance calorie intake diet
It may be a little harder , and it may require a little bit more know - how and a little bit more conscientious effort , but it can be done .
The fact is , the obese state in humans and animals is not universally correlated with absolute levels of caloric intake and neither is the accrual of lean body mass .
The ability to realize changes in lean / fat ratios is regulated by components of the automatic nervous system working in concert with several endocrine hormones ; this is called nutrient partitioning .
For example , certain beta - agonist drugs like Clenbuterol increase meat production in cattle over 30 % while simultaneously diminishing bodyfat without increasing the amount or composition of their feed .
Other drugs , including growth hormone , certain oestrogens , cortisol , ephedrine , and IGF - 1 are all examples of re-partitioning agents .
All increase oxygen consumption at the expense of fat storage -- independent of energy intake .
Drugs are not the only way to do this , however .
It 's true that a significant component of this mechanism is genetically linked , but specific nutrients , in specific amounts , when combined with an effective training programme , can markedly improve the lean / fat ratio of adult humans .
MET - Rx is one such nutrient re-partitioning agent , and several companies are trying to duplicate its successes .
9 . You can't grow if you only work each body part once a week
If you work out -- work out intensely -- then it can take 5 - 10 days for the muscles to heal .
Although the following should be taken with a grain of salt when determining your own exercise frequency , a study in the May 1993 issue of the Journal of Physiology revealed it can take weeks for muscles to recuperate from an intense workout .
The study involved a group of men and women who had worked their forearms to the max .
All of the subjects said they were sore two days after exercising , and the soreness was gone by the seventh day , and the swelling was gone by the ninth day .
After six weeks , the subjects had only gained back half the strength they had before the original exercise !
By no means are we advocating that you wait two months between workouts , but we are trying to prove the point that it takes muscles longer to heal than what you might have previously thought .
For some people , especially natural bodybuilders , waiting a week between body part workouts might be just what the doctor ordered for size and strength gains !
10 .
You can't make gains if you only train with weights three days a week
Although you probably could n't find a single steroid - assisted athlete who trains only three days a week , there 's absolutely no reason why a three - day - a - week routine could n't work for many natural athletes .
As long as your routine attacked the whole body and you worked to failure on each set , you could easily experience great gains on this sort of routine .
However , you need to pay even more attention to your diet if you only train three days a week , especially if your job involves little or no physical activity , and you like to spend your idle time eating .
Ignore those who say three - day - a - week bodybuilders are only ' recreational lifters ' .
Think quality and not quantity .
Here ’s a sample three - days - a - week routine :
Day 1 : Chest , Shoulders , Triceps 1 Barbell Incline Bench Press Medium - Grip 4 sets , 6 - 8 reps ( 120 sec. rest ) + 6 more exercises BodyFit Plus $ 3.99 / month 2,500 + expert - created single workouts
expert - created single workouts 3,500 + how - to exercise videos
how - to exercise videos Detailed workout instruction
Step - by - step workout tips
Training at gym or at home Already have a Bodybuilding .com account with BodyFit Plus ?
Sign In What comes with BodyFit Plus ?
Instructional Videos
Don't risk doing a workout improperly !
Avoid injury and keep your form in check with in - depth instructional videos .
How - to Images View our enormous library of workout photos and see exactly how each exercise should be done before you give it a shot .
Step - by - Step Instructions
Quickly read through our step - by - step directions to ensure you 're doing each workout correctly the first time , every time .
Day 2 : Legs 1 Barbell Squat 4 sets , 6 - 8 reps ( 120 sec. rest ) + 6 more exercises BodyFit Plus $ 3.99 / month 2,500 + expert - created single workouts
expert - created single workouts 3,500 + how - to exercise videos
how - to exercise videos Detailed workout instruction
Step - by - step workout tips
Training at gym or at home Already have a Bodybuilding .com account with BodyFit Plus ?
Sign In What comes with BodyFit Plus ?
Instructional Videos
Don't risk doing a workout improperly !
Avoid injury and keep your form in check with in - depth instructional videos .
How - to Images View our enormous library of workout photos and see exactly how each exercise should be done before you give it a shot .
Step - by - Step Instructions
Quickly read through our step - by - step directions to ensure you 're doing each workout correctly the first time , every time .
Day 3 : Back , Biceps , Abs 1 Bent Over Barbell Row 4 sets , 6 - 8 reps ( 120 sec. rest ) + 7 more exercises BodyFit Plus $ 3.99 / month 2,500 + expert - created single workouts
expert - created single workouts 3,500 + how - to exercise videos
how - to exercise videos Detailed workout instruction
Step - by - step workout tips
Training at gym or at home Already have a Bodybuilding .com account with BodyFit Plus ?
Sign In What comes with BodyFit Plus ?
Instructional Videos
Don't risk doing a workout improperly !
Avoid injury and keep your form in check with in - depth instructional videos .
How - to Images View our enormous library of workout photos and see exactly how each exercise should be done before you give it a shot .
Step - by - Step Instructions
Quickly read through our step - by - step directions to ensure you 're doing each workout correctly the first time , every time .
11 . You should only rest 45 seconds in between sets
That 's true if you 're trying to improve cardiovascular health or lose some bodyfat .
But in order to build muscle , you need to allow enough time for the muscle to recuperate fully ( i.e. let the lactic acid buildup in your muscles dissipate and ATP levels build back up ) .
In order to make muscles grow , you have to lift the heaviest weight possible , thereby allowing the maximum number of muscle fibers to be recruited .
If the amount of weight you lift is being limited by the amount of lactic acid left over from the previous set , you 're only testing your ability to battle the effects of lactic acid .
In other words , you 're trying to swim across a pool while wearing concrete overshoes .
When training heavy , take [ at least ! ] two and three minutes between your sets .
Notice I said , " when training heavy . "
The truth is , you can't train heavy all the time .
Periodization calls for cycling heavy workouts with less intense training sessions in an effort to keep the body from becoming overtrained .
12 . You have to use fancy weightlifting equipment in order to make the best gains
Futuristic - looking , complex machinery designed to give your muscles the ' ultimate workout ' is typically less effective than good - old barbells and dumbbells .
Using simple free weights ( barbells and dumbbells ) on basic multi- joint exercises , like the squat , bench press , shoulder press , and deadlift , is still the most effective means of resistance exercise ever invented .
Scientific research has shown that many exercise machines lack the proper eccentric component of an exercise that 's necessary to stimulate muscle tissue to remodel ( grow ) .
13 .
Weight training makes you big ; aerobic exercise cuts you up
Manipulations in your nutrient intake are the main factor in getting cut up , and how you do it does n't matter .
If your daily caloric expenditure exceeds your daily caloric intake on a consistent basis , you will lose fat and get more cut .
Aerobic exercise is generally meant to improve cardiovascular efficiency , but if you do it long enough , you will burn up calories and in the long run drop the fat .
However , weightlifting can do the same thing , only better .
Studies have shown that the body burns far more efficiently if exercise is performed at a moderate pace for periods longer than 20 minutes .
( It generally takes that long for the glucose in the bloodstream to be ' burned up ' , causing the body to dip into glycogen reserves for its energy )
Once the glycogen reserves are used up , the body must metabolize fatty acids for energy .
That equate to lost bodyfat .
In the long run , bodybuilding is more efficient than aerobics for burning up calories .
Let me explain -- if researchers were to undertake a study of twins whereby one twin performed daily aerobics and the other practiced a bodybuilding program where the end result was increased lean body mass , the bodybuilding twin would ultimately be a more efficient fat burner than his aerobic twin .
Why ?
Well , by adding lean body mass , that person 's metabolic requirements are higher -- muscle uses energy even while it is not being used .
The aerobic twin might use more calories during the time period of exercise itself , but the weight - lifting twin would use a higher amount during rest time , leading to a higher net 24 - hour expenditure .
The weight lifter burns fat just sitting there .
14 .
You can completely reshape a muscle by doing isolation exercises
You can't limit growth to only one area of a muscle .
Larry Scott , for whom the ' biceps peaking '
Scott curl was named , had tremendous biceps , but he did n't have much of a peak .
The shape of your biceps , or for that matter , any muscle , is determined by your genetic makeup .
When you work a muscle , any muscle , it works on the all - or - nothing principle , meaning that each muscle fiber recruited to do a lift -- along the entire length of that muscle -- is contracted fully .
Why would a certain number of them , like the ones in the middle of the biceps , suddenly start to grow differently or at a faster rate than its partners ?
If anything , the muscles that are closest to the insertion points are the most prone to mechanical stress , and you do n't see them get any bigger than the rest of the muscle .
If they did , everyone would have proportions like Popeye .
This is true of any muscle , but you 're probably thinking , what about quads ?
I know that when I do hack squats with my feet together , it tends to give me more sweep in my legs .
Sure it does , but the quadriceps are made up of four different main muscles , and doing hacks with your feet together forces the vastus lateralis muscles on the outside of the leg to work harder ; consequently , they grow proportionately along their entire length and give the outer quads more sweep .
As further evidence , take a look at a picture of any young professional bodybuilder before he was developed enough to become a pro .
He will have virtually the same structural lines as he does today .
All that has changed is that his muscles are now bigger .
15 .
If you get a pump , you 're working the muscles adequately to ensure muscular hypertrophy , or if your muscles are burning , that means you are promoting muscle growth
A pump , despite what Arnold Schwarzenegger said about it " feeling better than cuming " , is nothing more than the muscle becoming engorged with blood from capillary action .
It can be achieved easily by curling a soup can fifty times .
It by no means equates to the muscular intensity needed to promote growth .
The same is true of the coveted ' burn ' that Hollywood muscleheads advise the public to ' go for ' .
A burn is simply an accumulation of lactic acid , a by - product of chemical respiration .
You can get a burn by peddling a bicycle or simply extending your arm straight out and moving it in tiny circles [ or sitting in a burning fireplace ! ] .
It does not necessarily mean you are promoting muscle growth .
For hypertrophy to occur , you have to subject the muscles to high levels of tension , and high tension levels are best induced by heavy weights .
16 .
If you do hundreds of sit-ups a day , you will eventually achieve a narrow , washboard - type midsection
There is no such thing as spot-reduction .
Doing thousands and thousands of sit-ups will give you tight abdominal muscles , but they will do nothing to rid your midsection of fat .
Thigh adductor and abductor movements will give women 's thighs more firmness , but they will do nothing to rid the area of fat , or what is commonly called cellulite .
Nothing will rid the body of fat , unless it is a carefully - orchestrated reduction in your daily energy intake ; in other words , if you burn more calories than you ingest ( or do that in conjunction with a nutrient partitioning agent .
17 . Training like a powerlifter will make your physique look blocky
Blockiness , like baldness or a flat chest , is a genetic trait .
If you were born blocky , then powerlifting will simply make you a bigger blocky person .
The only way to offset a blocky appearance is to give special emphasis to the lats , the outer muscles of the thighs , and to a fat - reducing diet which will keep the midsection as narrow as possible .
With these modifications , you will give your body the illusion of a more " aerodynamic " appearance .
The truth is , powerlifting exercises are excellent for bodybuilding .
18 . High repetitions make your muscles harder and more cut up
Although there is some evidence to suggest that high repetitions might induce some extra capillary intrusion into a muscle , they will do nothing to make the muscle harder or more cut up .
If a completely sedentary person began weightlifting , using either low reps or high reps , he or she would experience a rapid increase in tonus , the degree of muscular contraction that the muscle maintains even when that muscle is relaxed , but that would happen regardless of rep range .
The only way that high repetitions would make a muscle more cut up is if , by doing a higher number of reps , your body as a whole was in negative energy balance , and you were burning more calories than you were ingesting .
The truth is , heavy weights , lifted for 5 - 8 reps per set , can build rock - hard muscles .
You just have to get the fat off them to see how " hard " they are .
19 .
Instinctive training is the best way to promote gains
If bodybuilders followed their instincts , they 'd go home and pop open a Beer .
Instinctive training is a wonderful catch - phrase , and it might even work for drug - assisted athletes since the very act of opening up a Bud would probably induce muscular growth in them .
However , in a natural bodybuilder , the approach to long - term , consistent gains in muscular mass has to be , shall we say , a bit more scientific .
Research results conducted by exercise physiologists recommend a systematic approach such as the one encompassed by periodization where the bodybuilder , through a period of several weeks , lifts ever - increasing pre-set percentages of a one - rep lift .
This heavy period is also periodically staggered with a lighter training phase ' cycle ' .
Ultimately , the percentages increase , the maximum one - rep lifts increase , and lean body mass increases .
There is nothing instinctive about it .
20 . Women need to train differently than men
On a microscopic level , there is virtually no difference between the muscle tissue of men and the muscle tissue of women .
Men and women have different levels of the same hormones , and that 's what is responsible for the difference in the amount of muscle a man can typically put on and the amount of muscle a woman can typically gain .
There is absolutely no reason why either should train differently than the other sex , provided they have the same goals .
The only difference in training might be as a result of cultural , sexual preferences .
A woman might desire to develop her glutes a little more so she looks better in a pair of jeans .
Conversely , a man might want to build his lats a little more so that he fits the cultural stereotype of a virile man .
21 .
There are food supplements available that are just as effective as steroids , yet safer
The only things as effective as steroids are other steroids .
Despite the proclamations of some supplement distributors , usually in giant , 35 - point type , no currently available supplement works like steroids .
However , nutrients and supplements can be extremely effective , especially if your diet is lacking in some critical component or you 're genetically predisposed to accept that nutrient or supplement .
Biochemically , individuals vary enormously , and the interaction of genetics , coupled with the widely varying diets that each of us eats , makes it virtually impossible to gauge just what will work for one individual and what wo n't .
That is why some supplements work better than others for some people , just as some people are genetically predispositioned to accept steroids more readily than others .
Food supplements do have benefits that can't be overlooked -- they 're generally safe , and they wo n't get you arrested .
But none of them build muscle as fast or as well as steroids .
22 . Professional bodybuilders represent the epitome of health and fitness
The ultimate irony is that the IFBB is facing in trying to get bodybuilders into the Olympics is that while every athlete in every other sport is presumably the healthiest they 've ever been so that they are able to compete athletically and break records , the bodybuilder is so weak on competition day that he or she would have trouble fending off the attacks of an enraged mouse .
The weeks of constant dieting , workouts that continually tax the body almost beyond recovery , and a constant influx of potentially harmful drugs and diuretics have brought most of them to total exhaustion .
To think about the huge amounts of food some steroid - using bodybuilders eat .
In all the longevity sites in the world where people routinely live to be one hundred , the only common denominator is that they all either under - eat or eat just enough to meet their daily caloric requirements .
By ingesting less food , they ingest less harmful chemicals , and fewer free radicals are formed in the body .
The average professional builder probably eats at least four or five times what these aforementioned people eat .
As a result , bodybuilders often suffer from high cholesterol and high blood pressure .
Plus , with all that extra mass , the heart has to work that much harder and will probably stop beating years before it was designed to .
That 's why professional bodybuilding is the ultimate act of vanity .
It was done strictly to fulfill some misguided notion of the superhuman ideal , and health was not even a consideration .
Almost without exception , these guys and gals are not healthy , and they 'll probably be among the first to tell you so .
However , weight - training and consuming a nutrient - rich diet is very healthy , as long as it is not carried to extremes .
23 .
Training with weights causes your muscles to get tight and hinders flexibility and , consequently , athletic performance
If anything , when done properly ( slowly and using a complete range of motion ) , weight training increases flexibility .
Many athletes now engage in weight training in order to improve their performance in their chosen sport -- witness Evander Hollyfield or any number of track athletes , basketball players , or gymnasts ; the list goes on and on .
This lie goes all the way back to the 1930s .
Companies that were selling isometric exercise programs by mail were trying to convince people not to exercise with barbells , simply because it was n't practical to send weights through the mail .
So they made up the ' muscle - bound ' lie .
This lie might have been fueled from the feeling of ' tightness ' that accompanies an intense workout .
If the workout was intense and a sufficient number of muscle fibers were recruited and microscopically damaged , then even the normal tonus ( the normal amount of contraction experienced by a relaxed muscle ) is more than enough to cause a feeling of pain and tightness .
The tightness is compounded by the ' tugging ' of the tendons on the muscles .
Stretching , however , would do much to alleviate this tightness , and stretching is a recommended part of any athletic pursuit .
The only possible confirmation of this lie concerns a baseball pitcher 's arm .
An intense weight training program might affect a pitcher 's ability to throw a fast ball , but it would n't be because of a lack of flexibility .
The speed a pitcher can generate seems to be determined more by a complex relationship of tendon length and strength and nervous system efficiency as opposed to muscular strength , and weight training could , possibly , upset this delicate balance .
24 . Loading up on carbohydrates is an excellent way to enhance your athletic performance
The traditional manner in which athletes carb up ' for an athletic competition usually involves first depleting the body 's stores of carbohydrates through exercise and diet .
This is then followed by rest and a high carbohydrate intake .
However , studies have shown that this type of preparation is unnecessary .
An athlete who eats a balanced , high - carbohydrate diet and is in reasonably good shape has plenty of carbohydrates in his or her system to meet the demands of short - duration exercises that do n't exceed roughly one hour .
Anyone that does exercises that last more than an hour , like long - distance running or cycling , may benefit from ' carbing up ' , but the ability of muscles to use fat as a source of energy rather than carbohydrates in endurance events may be even more important to performance at that level .
25 . Consuming foods high in sugar before training provides your body with extra energy to sustain workouts
Simple sugars like sucrose do n't need to be broken down by the body 's enzymes to be used as energy like complex carbohydrates do .
Therefore , they elicit a rapid release of insulin , the hormone that regulates blood - sugar levels .
The trouble is , the sudden , rapid influx of sugar into the system causes the body to release insulin in what must be considered a haphazard method , i.e. the amount released is usually more than what 's needed to metabolize the sugar .
Consequently , your blood sugar often temporarily drops to a point that is actually lower than it was before you had the sugar , which might cause you to become more exhausted much earlier than it normally would .
Your body is then forced to dip into its glycogen reserves in order to correct the imbalance .
To ensure that you have enough energy to complete a workout , eat nutrient - rich foods with low glycemic indices ( those that elicit a smooth , steady stream of sugar into the bloodstream ) like barley , lentils or beans .
26 . All anabolic steroids are extremely toxic and dangerous
Here 's a good trivia question borrowed from Dan Duchaine 's Underground Steroid Handbook : if you lined up a bottle of Dianabol ( a popular steroid ) , a bottle of Lasix ( a diuretic used by heart patients and bodybuilders who want to ' cut up ' for a competition ) , a bottle of Valium , a bottle of aspirin , and a bottle of Slow - K ( a potassium supplement ) , which one , upon eating a 100 tablets , would n't kill you ?
Well , most likely the Dianabol .
This is n't an endorsement of steroids ; it 's just an effective illustration of the stigma generally associated with all steroids : ' they 'll give you brain tumors like Lyle Alzado . . . they 'll cause your heart to enlarge and eventually give out [ they cause spontaneous decapitation . . ]'.
Maybe , but all steroids are different .
Some are more dangerous than others .
Birth control pills are steroids .
Testosterone patches have been used with great success to enhance the quality of life for elderly men .
Some of the steroids that bodybuilders use are very mild , and the risk associated with them is virtually negligible .
Still , there are dangerous steroids , and that 's all the more reason that athletes who choose to use them must be more knowledgeable about them .
Of course , the physical changes that steroids bring about might cause adverse psychological effects in the user , and that fact should n't be ignored .
27 .
If you stop working out , your muscle will turn into fat
This is almost too preposterous to address .
Muscle can no sooner turn to fat than gold can turn into lead .
Muscle is made up of individual cells -- living , ' breathing ' cells that undergo all kinds of complex metabolic processes .
Fat cells are simply storage packets of lipids .
The possibility of one changing into another is alike to the football in your storage closet turning into your Uncle Sam .
If you stop working out , if you stop applying resistance to your muscles on a consistent basis , they will simply adapt to the new condition .
In other words , they 'll shrink .
If the degree of inactivity or immobilization is severe , the muscles will shrink faster than the surrounding skin , and a temporary condition of loose skin might be experienced , but that too would remedy itself with time .
28 . Ingesting MCT ( medium - chain triglyceride ) oils will give you tons of energy , but they wo n't make you fat
MCTs first gained prominence for treating persons suffering from fat mal - absorption , pancreatic deficiency , or stomach or esophageal diseases .
Researchers found that MCTs , because of their better solubility and motility , underwent a rapid hydrolysis by salivary , gastric , and pancreatic enzymes .
Consequently , they were able to reach the liver and provide energy much more quickly than long - chain triglycerides .
There was also some evidence that MCTs reduced lipid deposition in fat stores compared with that resulting from LCTs under identical energy intake conditions .
However , this is no reason to believe that ingesting these oils in excess will not result in a positive energy balance which the body stores as fat .
MCTs , like regular oils , like regular fats , have nine calories per gram .
Even though they are metabolized differently , using them in excessive amounts will add inches to your waistline .
29 .
If everyone took the same amount of steroids , everyone would look like a professional bodybuilder
One of the ironies of steroid use is that some people are genetically ' gifted ' in terms of steroid receptors .
That means that they have a large number of receptor sites in the muscles with which a particular steroid can combine and exert its mass - building effects .
The man or woman who won the last contest might very well have the most active steroid receptors rather than being the most dedicated , knowledgeable bodybuilder .
On the other hand , some people might possess very few receptors for a particular steroid .
That 's why they experience very little , if any , growth on a particular steroid .
Another factor that influences receptor affinity is age .
The highest receptor affinity seems to occur in late teenage years .
This is a generalization , but it seems to be true for a good number of people .
Since there is a greater uptake in these individuals , they are often able to take lower dosages for longer periods of time and make better gains than older users .
The truth is , two bodybuilders could take the same steroid stack , train and eat the same , and one could turn out to be in the Olympia , and the other might never even win a local contest .
The difference in how people react to these drugs is incredible .
30 .
Someone with a well - built body must be knowledgeable about fitness and physique development
Despite popular belief , just because some guy has 20 " arms or 32 " thighs , that does not automatically credential him as a bodybuilding expert .
Unfortunately , in a society where looks count for so much , well - built lifters are often regarded as bodybuilding scientists .
The unfortunate fact is , many well - built athletes , even pro bodybuilders , have no idea how they got where they are .
Many of them are so genetically gifted and embellish their genetic potential even further by using tons of bodybuilding drugs that they actually succeed in spite of themselves .
With few exceptions , elite bodybuilders are the last people in the world you want to turn to for bodybuilding advice if you 're genetically average like the best part of 98 % of us .
You 're more likely to find expert advice from someone who is just like you .
The Irukandji jellyfish is so minuscule it is almost invisible to the naked eye
The man who landed what was dubbed " the best job in the world " as the caretaker on a tropical island off Australia has been stung by a lethal jellyfish .
Briton Ben Southall , who beat 34,000 applicants to secure the position , was stung during his last week in the job .
The culprit was the peanut - sized Irukandji jellyfish , whose venomous sting can be lethal .
In his blog , which he keeps as part of his job , he describes the incident as " a little sting on the beach " .
But it was his progressive symptoms of fever , headache , lower back pain , chest tightness and high blood pressure that led doctors to diagnose the sting .
" I thought I 'd done particularly well at avoiding any contact with any of the dangerous critters that consider this part of the world their home , " Mr Southall writes in the latest update to his online diary .
Stinger suit " I 've avoided being boxed by a kangaroo , nibbled by a shark and bitten by a spider or a snake - but then in my final few days on Hamilton Island I fell foul of a miniscule little creature known as an Irukandji , " his blog continues .
I really should have been wearing a full stinger suit
Ben Southall
Caretaker of Hamilton Island
The jellyfish - which struck as he descended from a jet - ski - is virtually invisible to the naked eye and can be deadly - in 2002 two tourists died after being stung .
It is so small it can pass through the nets that protect popular swimming spots in Queensland from larger jellyfish .
But Mr Southall - who has fully recovered after a dose of antibiotics and rest - admitted that he had been inadequately dressed for the excursion .
" It 's not something to be messed around with .
I really should have been wearing a full stinger suit , as is recommended at all beaches here this time of year , " he said .
Mr Southall , 34 , a charity fundraiser from Hampshire had to undergo a gruelling selection process to get the A$ 150,000 ( £ 85,600 ; $ 134,000 ) role - including swimming , snorkelling and one - to - one interviews .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
They come out mostly after dusk , typically carrying a simple set of tools – a box of matches , and slow - burning barbecue firelighters which are lit and placed next to a car 's tyre .
By the time the flames have taken hold the culprit has vanished , and the car is ablaze and beyond recovery when the fire brigade arrives .
In Berlin , a growing band of leftwing car arsonists have become the face of an increasingly vociferous campaign against the gentrification of the German capital .
In 2009 , 216 mostly luxury cars were torched on the streets of the city , compared with 135 the previous year .
So common is the practice that spotting the attacks has become a popular pastime , spawning an obscure website , " Burning Cars " , where contributors track the models that have been targeted .
Brennende - autos.de lists the six most recent cars as two Mercedes – the most popular target – a Jeep , Range Rover , Mitsubishi and a rather more modest Ford , which was burned almost beyond recognition on New Year 's Day on Hermannstrasse in the former West Berlin district of Kreuzberg .
The traditional home of leftwing activism is where most have taken place .
The attacks have been spreading across the city , and are influencing protest groups in other cities , like Hamburg , where there has been a rise in car arson attacks , particularly on police cars .
The choice of vehicle has also widened .
Lorries belonging to DHL , the courier company , were recently attacked because they serve the German military in Afghanistan , as were German Railways ' vehicles – in retaliation for its role transporting nuclear waste by train .
No single group is believed to be behind the attacks , although last year one calling itself Bewegung für Militanten Widerstand ( Movement for Militant Resistance ) – with the provocative acronym BMW – admitted responsibility for torching eight cars .
In a letter to a leftwing publication , the group said it carried out the attacks in protest at the post - Berlin Wall " transformation of poorer districts " , such as Neukölln , Kreuzberg and Mitte where it said " established residents " , were being squeezed out by " acute gentrification " .
Old flats and warehouses turned into luxury loft apartments have driven up rents and house prices beyond most residents ' means .
Since the fall of the wall more than 20 years ago , the process has changed the demographic profile of many neighbourhoods .
Prenzlauer Berg , in the former communist East Berlin has undergone the most dramatic change , turning from a workers ' district into an affluent quarter , which has lost around 60 % of its original residents since 1990 .
Anger felt by those affected by the influx of the " new bourgeoisie " extends to the disappearance of open spaces and a growing indignation among communities that they are not being consulted .
The protest has recently spread to the disused runways of Tempelhof airport , which was closed two years ago .
Authorities want to use to land for luxury apartments .
Opponents would like it to be developed as a park .
" We have no voice in the way the city is changing , " says Jan , 26 , a graphic designer and a member of an underground anti-fascist movement in Kreuzberg .
He sat in a cafe close to a patch of land where East German police used to patrol the border between East and West Berlin .
" Until recently it was where I used to walk my dog and meet friends , " he said .
" Now look – they 're building glassy apartment blocks there for rich yuppies to move into . "
Gentrification , he said , is leading to the closure of the very places that have made Kreuzberg a fashionable and desirable place to live , such as Bierhimmel ( beer heaven ) , a popular bar on Oranienstrasse , which has just been forced to close by rising rents .
Farther down the road , SO36 , a legendary nightclub , may go the same way because of complaints from new residents – scathingly called schicki mickis – about the noise .
A recent meeting at SO36 discussed non-violent ways to keep out " unwanted " residents .
Erwin Riedmann , a sociologist , proposed an " uglification strategy " – to " go around wearing a ripped vest and hang food in Lidl bags from the balcony so that it looks like you do n't have a fridge " .
The suggestion drew laughs , but is a strategy being adopted .
An " anti-schicki micki " website , esregnetkaviar.de ( it 's raining caviar ) , offers the following tips to make a neighbourhood unattractive for newcomers : " Do n't repair broken windows ; put foreign names on the doorbell , and install satellite dishes . "
Police say they are at a loss as to how to deal with the problem , adding that they cannot patrol Berlin 's 5,800 km of roads or control an estimated 1,100 leftwing extremists .
" It 's extremely easy to set light to a car and by the time the first flames are visible the culprit is at least two streets away , " said Dieter Glietsch , Berlin police chief .
Peter -Michael Haeberer , head of Berlin's LKA investigation bureau , said there was a lack of willingness to examine the issue .
" You have to ask why does such a large part of society so obviously feel excluded , " he said .
Posted by Audiegrl
HealthDay / Amanda Gardner — Surfing the Internet just might be a way to preserve your mental skills as you age .
Researchers found that older adults who started browsing the Web experienced improved brain function after only a few days .
“ You can teach an old brain new technology tricks , ” said Dr. Gary Small , a psychiatry professor at the Semel Institute for Neuroscience and Human Behavior at the University of California , Los Angeles , and the author of iBrain .
With people who had little Internet experience , “ we found that after just a week of practice , there was a much greater extent of activity particularly in the areas of the brain that make decisions , the thinking brain — which makes sense because , when you ’re searching online , you ’re making a lot of decisions , ” he said .
“ It ’s interactive . ”
Small is co-author of the research , which was scheduled to be presented Monday in Chicago at the Society for Neuroscience annual meeting .
“ This makes intuitive sense , that getting on the Internet and exploring and getting new information and learning would help , ” said Paul Sanberg , director of the University of South Florida Center of Excellence for Aging and Brain Repair in Tampa .
“ It supports the value of exploring the Internet for the elderly . ”
Most experts now advocate a “ use - it - or - lose - it ” approach to mental functioning .
More @
Chris Floyd Published : 04 January 2010 Hits : 15368
( UPDATED BELOW )
Let me say -- or rather , reiterate -- up front that it is my personal view that the form of vigorous activism known as non-violence is the only way , or the best way , that we can hope to even begin to address the inherent and intractable conflicts of human existence in a genuinely effective profound , sustainable and humane manner .
That is the ideal I strive toward .
Of course , I also recognize that being what I am -- a white man of Christian heritage living safely and comfortably under the penumbra of empire -- it is easy for me to espouse this ideal .
No drone fired in the distant black sky is going to kill my children tonight as they sleep warmly in their beds .
No raiding party of assassins is going to tear down the door of my parents ' house tonight and shoot them at the dinner table .
No one with a grudge against me -- or simply in need of quick cash -- is going to sell me into the captivity of a worldwide gulag .
I 'm not going to be caught in the crossfire of marauding mercenaries on my way to work .
I 'm not going to wake tomorrow in a refugee camp , my home and livelihood abandoned in the wake of a ravaging " counterterrorism " operation .
No foreign soldier is going to shoot me , or abuse me , or humiliate me , or simply refuse to let me pass down the street of my own city .
I 'm not going to be stopped , " profiled , " or regarded with suspicion or hatred simply because of my skin color or the cultural or religious etymology of my name .
If I lived under the bootheel of such forces , I do n't how I would react , how firmly I could hold to my ideal .
I do n't know if I would have the strength of mind and will , or the fortitude and wisdom it would take to resist our primal pull to violence -- especially if I grew up in a culture that exalted certain forms of violence as cardinal virtues .
( Of course , as an American , I did grow up in such a culture -- and so has almost every other human being in history .
To take the non-violent way is to appear -- and yes , often feel -- unnatural , deracinated , alien . )
Nonetheless , despite all these caveats and complexities , the ideal abides .
I decry , denounce and mourn for the use of violence .
Each act of violence -- however understandable it might be in context -- is a vast , ruinous defeat for our common humanity .
And of course many acts of violence are not " understandable " in any context , save that of our bestial desire to dominate others in one form or another .
Here the defeat is even greater , its reverberations deeper , wider , longer - lasting : a degradation and degeneration that further brutalizes both the dispenser and victim of violence -- especially the former , and especially when the dispensing culture comes to countenance an ever - widening array of violent acts as worthy , necessary , laudable , even honorable .
Each such act perpetuates the cycle of violence , the horrific dynamic of blowback : a self - perpetuating feedback loop that uses itself to engender more violence , in new and expanding forms .
We are living today in the midst of a particularly virulent form of this dynamic , the so - called " War on Terror , " which I think has been designed -- more or less deliberately so , although the obscene ignorance and arrogance of the powerful have also played their fateful part in unwittingly exacerbating these evils -- to rage on without chronological end , without geographical , limits , and without any moral , social , legal or financial restraints .
In his book X Films ( reviewed here ) , Alex Cox uses an apt term borrowed from systems analysis -- POSIWID : The Purpose of a System is What It Does .
The Terror War is not an event , or a campaign , or even a crusade ; it is a system .
Its purpose is not to eliminate " terrorism " ( however this infinitely elastic term is defined ) but to perpetuate itself , to do what it does : make war .
This system can be immensely rewarding , in many different ways , for those who operate or assist it , whether in government , media , academia , or business .
This too is a self - sustaining dynamic , a feedback loop that gives money , power and attention to those who serve the system ; this elevated position then allows them to accrue even more money , power and attention , until in the end -- as we can plainly see today -- any alternative voices and viewpoints are relegated to the margins .
They are " unserious . "
They are unimportant .
They are not allowed to penetrate or alter the operations of the system .
These reflections were prompted by last week 's attack on the CIA base near Khost , Afghanistan , and by the reaction to the attack among the operators and servants of the Terror War system .
As the world knows , seven CIA officers were killed by a suicide bomber .
( Two of the dead were actually Blackwater mercenaries , but as CNN solemnly informs us , the Agency considers such hired guns to be part of the family . )
The officers were at a " forward operating base " near the Pakistan border .
From this redoubt , they plotted and directed attacks by drone missiles and , if they were similar to other CIA teams , which seems likely , also helped run assassination squads , with bombs and ground raids launched against villages , private homes and other locations which allegedly contain alleged terrorists , both in Afghanistan , which American forces are now openly occupying , and in Pakistan , a sovereign , allied country where American military and security forces are carrying out a more and more open " secret war . "
The officers were killed when a suicide bomber -- apparently a ' native ' whom the CIA was grooming as a potential agent -- walked into a gym and set off his hidden belt of explosives .
Again , as noted above , I decry all deaths by violence , although I direct most of my attention to the violent deaths caused by the gargantuanly disproportionate infliction of state terrorism that characterizes our age , as opposed to the piecemeal pinpricks of small bands of extremists and isolated individuals -- incidents which themselves often betray strong indications of the fomenting or facilitating hand of various operators in the Terror War system .
So it gave me no pleasure to note the grim truth that was confirmed , yet again , by the attack at Khost :
Those who live by dirty war , die by dirty war .
The CIA - mercenary squad at the base was a key part of what the New York Times rightly describes as the CIA 's evolution into a " paramilitary organization . "
Like all terrorists , they operate outside the law , claiming moral superiority as their justification .
And for this particular band , what they have dealt out to others -- sudden death in a surprise attack with no possibility of defense -- they have now been dealt in turn .
Of course , the NYT seems to find no moral problem with the United States of America operating " paramilitary " squads of spies and mercenaries carrying out " extrajudicial assassinations " -- or " murders , " as they once would have been called -- in foreign lands occupied by American military forces slaughtering civilians on a regular basis .
( We noted one such slaughter in Afghanistan last week ; now yet another one is being reported . )
The story which carried this description is concerned largely with describing the struggle of these noble bands as they struggle manfully on distant borders to keep us safe .
In this , the tone of the story strongly echoes the genuinely sick - making words of Barack Obama after the incident .
From CNN :
" These brave Americans were part of a long line of patriots who have made great sacrifices for their fellow citizens , and for our way of life , " U.S. President Barack Obama said in a written statement Thursday .
" The United States would not be able to maintain the freedom and security that we cherish without decades of service from the dedicated men and women of the CIA . "
The CIA 's decades - long record of sickening crime , outright atrocity , constitutional subversion , bungling , near - unbelievable incompetence , and unrelenting exacerbation of hatred for and violence toward the United States is indisputable .
( For just one egregious example , see " The Secret Sharers . " )
Few government organizations in world history have been so inimical to the national interests of the state they purport to serve .
It was with very good reason that John F. Kennedy -- to whom Obama 's sycophants often liken their hero -- once declared his intention to " splinter the CIA into a thousand pieces and scatter it to the winds . "
( Nor can it be entirely coincidental that Kennedy was later murdered in a case that had innumerable ties to the security apparat . )
There is nothing further from the truth -- nothing further from the established historical record -- than Obama 's statement that the CIA has been absolutely indispensable in " maintaining the freedom and security " of the United States .
On the contrary ; the historical record clearly shows that the activities of the CIA have , time and again , reduced both the freedom and security of the people of the United States .
Yet here we have Obama , once again , groveling to this renegade , retrograde , criminal organization -- much as he did early on in his presidency , when he cravenly guaranteed the Agency 's thuggish torturers that they need never fear prosecution from his administration for the KGB - like , Stasi - like , Gestapo - like atrocities they had inflicted on their victims .
Instead of shattering the CIA , or even curtailing it , the NYT story confirms , yet again , that Obama is accelerating the militarization of the agency , and giving it broad new scope to deceive and murder .
What 's more , as we noted here a few days ago , Obama 's handpicked " special envoy " for the " Af - Pak front , " Richard Holbrooke , admitted , in a little - noticed story last month , that the United States is carrying out covert operations in " every country in the world . "
And all of this is accepted without debate , without demur , as a just , honorable and natural state of affairs .
And while Obama is praising the murderers , torturers and incompetents of the CIA , the Agency itself is plotting its revenge for the blowback against its own dirty war , as CNN reports , with an obvious frisson of titillation at the tough talk :
" This attack will be avenged through successful , aggressive counterterrorism operations , " [ an anonymous ] intelligence official vowed .
" There are some very bad people who eventually are going to have a very bad day , " the official promised Friday .
And so , as I wrote the day after 9/11 ( and quoted again recently , in this piece about Obama 's surging Terror War ) : " Blood will have blood ; that 's certain .
But blood will not end it .
For murder is fertile : it breeds more death , like a spider laden with a thousand eggs .
And who now can break this cycle , which has been going on for generations ? "
The cycle will go on -- because that is what is wanted .
The purpose of the system is what it does .
We Help Spinal Cord Injury Victims
The most tragic situations , which are often clear examples of medical malpractice , are those that involve a person going to a doctor for help and instead winding up with greater injuries .
Many of these types of cases involve injuries to the spinal cord and many of them were likely preventable .
The attorneys at the Michigan law firm of McKeen & Associates are committed to standing up for the rights of hospital and doctor malpractice victims .
We are committed to getting fair compensation for those who have suffered spinal cord injuries .
Multimillion - Dollar Results In Spinal Cord Cases
For decades , our law firm has successfully helped many malpractice victims obtain fair compensation .
We take pride in the fact that we have helped these people get the help they needed to move forward with their lives .
When you turn to us , you can be confident that more than 30 years of experience and results will be put to work for you .
When it comes to medical malpractice , spinal cord injuries are typically the result of mistakes made by a doctor while trying to address another condition .
Others are the result of a failure to recognize and treat a serious condition .
Some examples of the types of cases we handle include :
A patient goes in for knee repair and is allowed to become too hypotensive during surgery , which leads to a serious spinal cord injury
A patient is involved in a car accident and goes to the emergency room , where he is told he is fine only to suffer paralysis later
A patient is provided an anesthetic improperly and suffers epidural hematoma
Our ability to bring in the most trusted experts means that we can build a solid case in even the most complex situations .
You can rest assured that we will strive for the positive results you need .
Free Consultations | No Fee Unless We Win
Email us or call us at 866-585-1076 to speak to a lawyer about your medical malpractice case .
People like to think that monastic life is serene , but boring ; they 're wrong on both counts .
A year ago , after losing the love of my life I fled to live with celibate monks .
The man had n't even died – just slept with someone else .
Yet for months I felt genuinely grief - stricken .
My world fell apart .
It 's natural to be hurt , but I could n't believe something as harmless as a man getting frisky could have this effect on a rational adult .
I knew I needed to get my priorities straight – so I 'd stop feeling suicidal if nothing else .
So I turned to Throssel Hole , a Zen Buddhist abbey hunched on the Northumbrian moors .
I can't imagine what the abbot thought of my self - absorbed heartbreak , but he welcomed me in .
I rented my flat out and told my family .
In one way I was the perfect Zen student – I had no wish whatsoever to dwell on the past or future .
I 'd lost the will to engage with anything .
Hundreds of people pass through Throssel Hole every year .
I think we newbies assumed we 'd meditate , see reality for what it really was in one dramatic bang , and be serene and famous ever after : like the fairytales , except with enlightenment instead of men .
In reality , things were very different .
Around 25 monks train at the abbey .
Many came from careers in medicine , science and the arts , and they struck me as open , sharp and wise .
At night trainees slept on folding mattresses on the ceremony hall floor .
Red altar lights flickered in the dark , and a monk would perform the silent prayer of blessing to ensure another safe night 's sleep .
The community did n't pivot on the usual social rules .
Aside from neatness and cleanliness , external appearances were disregarded .
As I 'd lived alone and worked as a model since my early teens , I 'd had my share of stalkers and exhibitionists and spent my adult life constantly on the defence , physically and mentally .
I was cynical and exhausted .
Now , next to the monks ' classic robes and modestly shaven heads , I felt like a hairy harlot and was amazed when I was n't treated like one .
The monks afforded every person , cat , worm and plant the same respect .
Daily necessities from carrot - cutting to pit - digging were met with patient grace and dignity .
The meticulous standards and almost total lack of privacy were challenging , but I thought I 'd landed in a heavenly enclave .
But what are you like in heaven ?
I was left to tame my emotional life without interference .
Sometimes in the private spiritual counselling sessions I would howl in pain , while the attending monk sat and gazed at me , or told me that I 'd got the wrong end of the stick .
It seemed cruel and I felt starved of affection .
At one point I considered hiding behind a bush and surprise - hugging someone .
Then there was zazen –sitting meditation – which is the keystone of Zen practice .
Trainees spend between two and five hours a day doing this .
Sitting cross -legged is painful when you 're not used to it but with persistence I became accustomed to it .
The mental pain was worse .
The instruction , handed down by 13th century sage Dogen Zenji , is to " think non-thinking " in other words , " neither try to think , nor try not to think " .
I spent several months interpreting an interesting paint stain on the cupboard in front of me .
It 's enough to drive you up the wall .
When I finally decided not to give in to distraction , the feelings I was left with almost overwhelmed me .
Sadness grew into grief , irritation into rage .
After four months of sitting I was very close to getting up , hollering wild profanities and bashing someone just so I 'd have to leave .
I looked for an escape route but the fear of hurting the monks held me back .
And once I had admitted to myself that I cared about others meditation was easier .
As I studied , meditated and swept the floors over the next six months , I gained a clearer sense of a shared purpose .
We were encouraged not to talk , and I saw how there is far more to friendship than chatting or overt affection .
I trusted people more by living and working with them quietly over time , than I ever had in a romantic relationship .
Any thoughts of needing a boyfriend went out of the window .
Yet I also knew I was n't a monastic – I feel more at home in a whisky bar than an abbey .
Thankfully it 's perfectly possible to be a contemplative who enjoys drinks and fashion , with the right priorities .
On my first day back after 11 months in the monastery I marvelled at how full of love and humour everyone is and that there is beauty in the most mundane places .
I had learned how to see my own defences had only caused me grief .
And when I looked past criticism , I realised often people were just trying to connect and conflicts were easier to resolve .
While life is often hard , it is n't personal .
As for the " love of my life " , he 's happily married .
And I am finally , happily , single .
In losing a lover I 'd woken up to a different world .
• Do you have a story to tell about your life ?
Email it to my.story@theguardian.com .
If possible , include a phone number .
Brent Allison , a Ph.D. candidate at the University of Georgia , has founded an American branch of Sweden 's " Pirate Party , " a political party dedicated to copyright reform :
All non-commercial copying and use should be completely free .
File sharing and p2 p networking should be encouraged rather than criminalized .
Culture and knowledge are good things , that increase in value the more they are shared .
The Internet could become the greatest public library ever created .
The monopoly for the copyright holder to exploit an aesthetic work commercially should be limited to five years after publication .
Today 's copyright terms are simply absurd .
Nobody needs to make money seventy years after he is dead .
No film studio or record company bases its investment decisions on the off - chance that the product would be of interest to anyone a hundred years in the future .
The commercial life of cultural works is staggeringly short in today 's world .
If you have n't made your money back in the first one or two years , you never will .
A five years copyright term for commercial use is more than enough .
Non-commercial use should be free from day one .
We also want a complete ban on DRM technologies , and on contract clauses that aim to restrict the consumers ' legal rights in this area .
There is no point in restoring balance and reason to the legislation , if at the same time we continue to allow the big media companies to both write and enforce their own arbitrary laws .
You will be distressed at my decision , but not surprised .
We have spoken about this possibility for some time now .
In fact , I suspect you would join me if you did not have such a valuable mission in this vibrant community .
I will still volunteer for the children 's programs , and remain involved in activism , but I can no longer participate in the one rite that binds me to the Catholic Church .
I cannot swallow the bile another day .
I cannot look up at the altar when you read the gospel , give a homily that is so beautiful , it makes me weep , raise the chalice we believe is to be shared by everyone .
I cannot bear the thought of you being driven from your ministry when the bishop discovers you are gay .
Hatred fueled by the resources of hundreds of thousands of parishes will be the central reason why the Church will eventually wither and die .
I can no longer bear the stench of the rotting body and hierarchical ignorance .
I can no longer embrace what has become a menace and money machine to support evil .
We are all tainted by what happened in Maine .
We are all lesser citizens because our brothers and sisters are lesser citizens .
We remain joined in friendship and common cause , my dear friend .
I will need your counsel in this dark time because I feel hatred bubbling in my thoughts .
I do not want to be them .
Bless you , dear Andrew .
With great affection ,
M .
The Catholic Church was a leading supporter of the repeal campaign , even asking parishes to pass a second collection plate at Sunday mass to help the cause .
NYT
This article was a sidebar under the blaring headlines about the gubernatorial , mayoral and NY - 23 articles .
It numbed me that an indicia of hatred was but a sidebar .
Update : Blessings for all of you who have offered a safe - haven in your religious communities which are free from hatred .
Your " parishes " are beacons of hope .
I am remaining a member of my community as it relates to social and environmental justice .
We have incredible men and women who are atheists , agnostics , Jews , Muslims , and probably Wiccans .
Each is here not for the ideology of the Catholic Church ; rather , for the positive impact on the lives of those who have either been maligned or forgotten .
I join hands with you in sisterhood / brotherhood so that our common cause will defeat hatred and indifference .
Peace .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - A simple “ see and treat ” approach using a test costing $ 2 could help doctors prevent 100,000 cervical cancer deaths a year in women in poorer countries , British scientists said on Friday .
Cervical cancer is the leading cause of cancer death among women in developing nations where the main barriers to tackling the disease are poor health service infrastructure and high costs of screening and vaccines .
But British researchers said visual inspection with acetic acid ( VIA ) -- which costs significantly less than $ 9 human papillomavirus ( HPV ) or cervical cell lab tests more commonly used in developed nations -- could be the answer .
Around 300,000 women worldwide die from cervical cancer each year and up to 85 percent of those deaths occur in developing countries .
“ VIA is an effective and affordable tool to screen women for pre-cancerous lesions of the cervix in under - resourced countries , ” said David McGregor of University College London , who led the research .
“ Coupled with simple treatment measures , VIA could potentially reduce these cancer deaths by a third , which means nearly 100,000 women saved each year . ”
VIA is a simple test where a very small dose of acetate acid solution is applied to the cervix to detect pre-cancerous lesions .
A positive result can be treated immediately .
This is referred to as the “ see and treat ” approach and experts say it can work well in small clinics without advanced equipment and laboratories .
Drug firms Merck & Co and GlaxoSmithKline make Gardasil and Cervarix vaccines which protect against a number of strains of HPV -- the most common sexually transmitted disease in the world and the main cause of cervical cancer .
But unlike in developed nations , where cervical screening programs are well established and vaccination programs against HPV are growing , access to tests and vaccines in many countries in Africa , Asia and southern America is limited .
The study in the Obstetrician & Gynecologist journal said research in rural and isolated communities had shown that VIA is accurate , acceptable to women , and cuts cancer death rates .
But it said raising awareness about screening programs to ensure higher uptake in the population was also a challenge .
The Largest Animal That ’s Ever Lived Posted by Steven Goodheart on December 8 , 2009 · 11 Comments
When comes to largest , heaviest , and biggest — and loudest — the blue whale has no equal in the animal kingdom .
In terms of sheer size , nothing on Earth , now or even in the prehistoric past , can match the blue whale .
A few dinosaurs may have come close , but so far as we know , the blue whale is the largest creature that ’s ever lived .
( If you think about the physics of anatomy , the maximum size sea of a sea creature , whose body is supported by water , is almost always going to be larger than the largest possible land animal . )
Because the blue whale is so large and difficult to weigh and measure , and because the largest whales were killed during the early years of whaling , there ’s not always agreement about the ultimate dimensions of the blue whale .
What ’s clear , is that the animal is huge !
Here is what natural David Attenborough has to say about the blue whale in the amazing BBC video series The Blue Planet :
The Blue Whale ’s Incredible Dimensions
Blue whales typically reach lengths of 80 to 85 ft .
The record length is held by a female blue whale that was 110 ft long !
That ’s 18 scuba divers in a row , including their flippers !
Blue whale typically weigh 120 - 128 tons .
This means the average blue whale weighs as much as 26 five - ton African bull elephants !
Imagine , one animal weighing more than a herd of elephants !
The largest blue on record is a stunning 200 tons .
The Blue Whale ’s Amazing Anatomy
One of the most remarkable organs of the blue whale is its heart .
Imagine a heart about the size of a Mini Cooper car and weighing 1,300 pounds !
You could actually crawl through the aorta , as this fiberglass model shows :
This enormous muscle pumps 14,000 pounds of blood through the whale ’s body , and yet this great heart beats only about 10 times a minute .
Imagine the volume of each pump of blood !
The blue whale ’s tongue is also enormous — fifty people could stand on it , and it weighs about 3 to 4 tons .
The blue whales mouth can expand hold a 100 tons of water , and 100 people could be stuffed inside it .
Blue whales eat a LOT !
The blue whale lives mainly on little one - half inch - long sea crustaceans called krill .
Because krill are so small , the blue whale has to eat a lot of them .
I mean a lot !
In one day , an adult blue whale can eat up to 40 million krill , which can add up to nearly 8,000 pounds of krill a day .
A baby blue whale , or cow , drinks approximately 130 - 150 gallons of milk each day .
On the mother ’s incredibly rich milk , the cow , which is the weight of a large hippo at birth , can gain nearly 10 pounds a hour and over 200 pounds every day !
And blue whales are LOUD !
The blue whale is by far the loudest animal on earth .
How loud ?
Consider this : a jet plane on take - off produces around 140 dB ( decibels ) of sound ( a decibel is a logarithmic unit of measurement of sound . )
The blue whale call has been measured at 188 decibels .
Keep in mind that each 10 dB increase means that the sound is 10 times as loud , e.g. a 70 dB sound is 10 times more powerful than 60 dB sound .
That means the blue whale ’s call is a nearly a hundred - thousand times more powerful than the sound of a jet plane taking off !
No wonder that some theoretical calculations by Roger Payne and Douglas Webb ( from the 1970 ’s ) predicted that the loudest whale sounds might be transmitted across an entire ocean !
Let ’s protect this amazing creature
Like many other whale species , the blue whale was heading rapidly toward extinction because of whaling .
Thankfully , blue whale hunting was banned in the 1960s by the International Whaling Commission and illegal whaling by the USSR finally halted in the 1970s .
It was just in time .
By some estimates , 330,000 blue whales had been killed in the Antarctic , 33,000 in the Southern Hemisphere , 8,200 in the North Pacific , and 7,000 in the North Atlantic .
Today , the blue whale remains an endangered species , although it appears the population may have stabilized or be slightly increasing in some areas .
The decimation of whales species around the world is one of the great ecological disasters of the 20th century .
Some species are gone and others are still on the brink .
Is this the only blue whale we want future generations can see ?
The blue whale lives nowhere else in the known universe .
What a tragedy it would be for our children and for future generations if the largest animals that ever lived on Earth were to become extinc
We owe it to our future , and to the Earth , to be better stewards of our planet .
And we owe it to the amazing animals that , in all the great immensity of space and time , share this “ pale blue dot ” with us .
∞ ∞ ∞
In a 9 - 3 vote , the Los Angeles City Council today gave its final approval to an ordinance that will shut down hundreds of medical marijuana dispensaries and impose strict rules on the location and operation of the dispensaries that are allowed .
The measure passed quickly , without debate .
The ordinance , which the council first began discussing more than 4 1 / 2 years ago , will cap the number of dispensaries at 70 but make an exception to allow all those that registered with the city in 2007 and have remained open .
City officials believe that number is around 150 .
Hundreds of dispensaries have opened in Los Angeles as the City Council debated its proposed ordinance and failed to enforce a moratorium on new dispensaries .
City officials believe there are more than 500 that will be required to close under the ordinance , but some are already preparing to sue the city and collect signatures to force a referendum on the ordinance .
The ordinance also requires dispensaries to be at least 1,000 feet from other dispensaries and so - called sensitive uses , such as schools , parks and libraries .
Among other restrictions , dispensaries will be required to close at 8 p.m. and will not be permitted to allow marijuana use at the stores .
The ordinance will not take effect until after Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa signs it and the City Council approves the fees that dispensaries will have to pay to cover the city 's cost of monitoring .
City officials are studying those costs and expect to propose the fees soon .
Once the ordinance is in place , the city attorney 's office will send letters to affected landlords and dispensary operators telling them that they must close immediately .
If the dispensaries remain open , the city attorney 's office likely will take them to court .
-- John Hoeffel at City Hall
Related story , Los Angeles City Council approves medical marijuana ordinance that will shut down hundreds of dispensaries
The PS3 has thus far proven to be something a tough nut to crack for those wanting to play backups on non-modified consoles , but word on the web is that a technique has been found that will make it possible -- if the stars happen to align properly for your hardware configuration .
What you need is a PS3 model capable of running Linux , Ubuntu , Windows XP on top of that , a suite of utilities , a copy of the original Motorstorm , and a Blu-ray burner .
Get all that configured properly and you should be able to use the technique at the read link to play those copies of games that have thus far been expensive coasters .
Given the complexity of this approach we can't be 100 percent sure it 's legit , but for what it 's worth there is video " proof " after the break , and should you attempt this feat of hackery yourself please do let us know how you get on . : Ugh -- seems that the video has been yanked for now .
Forums Topics Posts Last Post
General Discussion
Discussion of the Genuine Buddy , Hooligan , Black Jack and other topics , both scooter related and not
20268 291109
Alzero Wed Sep 30 , 2020 7:59 pm
Stella Discussion
The original 2 - stroke Genuine scooter and its 4 - stroke manual and automatic offspring
1929 21044
Mr. FixIt Tue Sep 29 , 2020 4:44 pm
Blur Discussion
All things Genuine Blur
1045 9114
Capt Kenny Wed Jul 01 , 2020 2:18 pm
Black Cat , Rattler & Roughhouse Discussion
The spirited black sheep of the Genuine lineup
1288 10045
alexrody1 Mon Sep 14 , 2020 1:16 pm
Scooter Gallery
Scooter and Rally Pictures and Videos
928 15840
srbbnd Wed Sep 30 , 2020 4:16 pm
For Sale / Wanted
Post For -Sale and Wanted ads here
3191 12285
eggsalad Mon Sep 28 , 2020 2:36 am
Rallies , Events , Meetups
Info on scooter gatherings of all types & sizes
821 4137
TanukiBallz Sun Aug 02 , 2020 9:06 am
G400C Discussion
Our very own Thumper !
20 678
babblefish Wed Sep 16 , 2020 11:45 am
Reference Topics Posts Last Post
MB FAQs & Guides
Glossary , reference , tips , recommendations , editorializing and primers on scooters and riding
14 44
ericalm Thu Oct 18 , 2012 4:51 am
Call it the mystery of the European sugar triangle .
It began when Belgian customs officials examined shipping records for dozens of giant tanker trucks that outlined an odd , triangular journey across Europe .
The trucks , each carrying 22 tons of liquid sugar , swung through eight nations and covered a driving distance of roughly 2,500 miles from a Belgian sugar refinery to Croatia and back  instead of taking the most direct , 900 - mile route .
Along the way the trucks made a brief stop in Kaliningrad , a grim and bustling Russian border checkpoint on the Baltic Sea .
Suddenly the sugar triangle made sense to them .
Because Russia , and not Croatia , was listed as the intended destination , the shipments qualified for valuable special payments known as export rebates from the European Union ’s farm subsidy program .
Some 200 shipments roared along this route over a three - year - period , investigators say , earning 3 million euros in refunds ( about $ 4.5 million ) for the Belgian sugar maker Beneo - Orafti .
In the spring , dozens of Belgian and European investigators raided the company ’s offices , freezing half of its refunds and initiating an investigation that could cost the company the remaining 1.5 million euros , and possibly more .
In February researchers announced that they had uncovered the 60 - million - year - old remains of Indiana Jones ’s greatest nightmare : Titanoboa , the biggest snake of all time .
The bones of this 43 - foot , one - ton , crocodile - munching behemoth — found amid the remains of an ancient rain forest — are helping scientists understand what the earth was like when the climate was much warmer .
Snakes rely on external heat to regulate their body temperature , and their size depends directly on the climate where they live .
So when a team of paleontologists unearthed several huge fossilized snake vertebrae in a Colombian coal mine , the scientists were able to deduce not only how big the creature was but also what the temperatures were like in its era .
Assuming the monster snake ’s metabolism was similar to that of its living relatives — anacondas and boa constrictors — lead author Jason Head of the University of Toronto at Mississauga estimates that equatorial Colombia must have hovered around 90 degrees Fahrenheit on average , about 10 degrees warmer than the region is today .
The team ’s findings , published in Nature , support the idea that during warming periods , temperatures rise across the globe .
An opposing viewpoint holds that equatorial temperatures stay roughly constant while excess heat accumulates in higher latitudes .
“ Most climate models favor a hot equator , ” says Paul Koch , a paleontologist at the University of California at Santa Cruz , who did not participate in the research .
Neither scenario would be particularly good news in the context of modern climate change .
Head notes that an overheated equator could threaten a sizable portion of the earth ’s biodiversity and its people .
“ These areas are home to much of the earth ’s population , ” he says .
On the other hand , Titanoboa also shows that rain forests can thrive at substantially higher temperatures than they do in the modern Amazon .
SSDs may be what 's " next , " but seriously -- magnetic tape storage is the real heat .
This darn near antediluvian storage medium is amazingly still around and kicking , and what 's even more incredible is that real advancements are taking place .
Just under four years ago , IBM and Fujifilm were doing the Cha Cha Slide Tango as they introduced 8TB cartridges ; today , the two are rolling out ( quite literally , actually ) a 35TB version into the wild , wild world that we call home .
Nah , you wo n't find these on any Best Buy shelves , but your great grandchild 's medical records may one day end up on something built in the year 2010 .
Just think about that .
Think about it .
XS / Black - $ 42.00 USD XS / Blue - $ 42.00 USD XS / Green - Sold Out XS / Rust - Sold Out S / Black - Sold Out S / Blue - $ 42.00 USD S / Green - Sold Out S / Rust - Sold Out M / Black - $ 42.00 USD M / Blue - $ 42.00 USD M / Green - Sold Out M / Rust - Sold Out L / Black - Sold Out L / Blue - $ 42.00 USD L / Green - Sold Out L / Rust - Sold Out XL / Black - Sold Out XL / Blue - $ 42.00 USD XL / Green - Sold Out XL / Rust - Sold Out 1X / Black - Sold Out 1X / Blue - $ 42.00 USD 1X / Green - Sold Out 1X / Rust - Sold Out 2X / Black - Sold Out 2X / Blue - Sold Out 2X / Green - Sold Out 2X / Rust - Sold Out 3X / Black - Sold Out 3X / Blue - Sold Out 3X / Green - Sold Out 3X / Rust - Sold Out 4X / Black - Sold Out 4X / Blue - Sold Out 4X / Green - Sold Out 4X / Rust - Sold Out 5X / Black - Sold Out 5X / Blue - Sold Out 5X / Green - Sold Out 5X / Rust - Sold Out
By GottaLaff
Code Stupid :
At today 's conservative " Code Red " rally against the health care bill , Rep. Michele Bachmann ( R - MN ) rallied the faithful with a fun historical and literacy reference : " It 's the charge of the light brigade ! "
the Light Brigade
that famous battle of the Crimean War -- they lost it badly , sustaining heavy numbers of deaths and injuries .
verb1 ) To use a very large excess of a reagent To bomb it .
2 ) To fill all one 's cyclic structures with colors .
noun10 equivalents
" Hey how much MnO2 should I use ? " " 2 or 3 Nicolaous should do it .
"
" Hey what 's with that structure ?
It 's full of strange colors !
" " Oh , I Nicolaoued it . "
Nothing 's happening with my reaction ... " " You should just Nicolaou it . "
Google has been accused of swerving UK tax on the £ 1.6 bn it makes in Britain .
To be fair , Google does pay some tax - about £ 140,000 on interest on cash in the bank held here .
But its offshore status means it , quite legally , avoids paying £ 450 m in corporation tax .
Lib Dem deputy leader Vince Cable accused Google of not playing fair .
He said the firm was ducking its social responsibilities , especially in a time of recession .
The search giant employs 770 people in the UK and makes 13 per cent of its revenues here , the Sunday Times reports .
UK revenues are funnelled through Google 's European headquarters in Dublin , where corporation tax is lower .
The company has faced down critics on this issue in the past , and its close links with the Tory Party mean a change of government is unlikely to change its tax status .
The paper also found Google UK makes limited charitable donations , for a company which makes so much of its humanitarian values .
The firm gave £ 5,662 to charity last year .
Its average UK worker earned over £ 90,000 and its best - paid director trousered £ 1.1 m . ®
2nd January 2010 , 07:21 pm
Is program proving a viable and useful endeavor ?
Does it create more problems than it solves ?
Today I participated in a reddit discussion thread .
The discussion brought up some issues I care about , and I think others will care also .
Although I ’m quoting from another person whose viewpoint may contrast with mine , I mean no insult or disrespect to him .
I think his views are fairly common , and I appreciate his putting them into writing and stimulating me to put some of mine into writing as well .
[ … ] you could specify the behavior it should have precisely .
However in this case ( and in most practical cases that are n’t tricky algorithms actually ) the mathematical spec is not much shorter than the implementation .
So meeting the spec does not help , the spec is just as likely to be wrong / incomplete as the implementation .
With wrong / incomplete I mean that even if you meet the spec you do n’t attain your goal .
I like the observation that precise specifications can be as complex and difficult to get correct as precise programs .
And indeed specification complexity is problematic .
Rather than give up on precision , my own interest is in finding simpler and clearer ways to think about things so that specifications can be quite simple .
Thus my focus on simple and precise semantic models .
One example is as given in Push - pull functional reactive programming .
I ’m proud of the simplicity of this specification and of how clearly it shows what parts of the model could use improving .
( The Event type does n’t follow the type class morphism principle , and indeed has difficulty in practice . )
And since such semantics - based software design methods are still in their infancy , I agree that it ’s usually more practical to abandon preciseness in software development .
For more examples of formally simple specifications , see the papers Denotational design with type class morphisms and Beautiful differentiation .
I suspect the crux of the issue here is that combining precision and simplicity is very difficult — whether for specifications or programs ( or for many other other human endeavors ) .
Any intelligent fool can make things bigger and more complex … it takes a touch of genius — and a lot of courage — to move in the opposite direction .
– Albert Einstein
We had been writing informal / imprecise “ programs ” for a long time before computers were invented , as various kinds of instructions / recipies .
With mechanization of program handling in the 1940s came the requirement of precision .
Since simple precision is difficult ( according to my hypothesis ) , and precision is required , simplicity usually loses out .
So our history of executably - precise programs is populated mostly by complexity .
I conclude that there are two ways of constructing a software design :
One way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies , and the other way is make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies .
The first method is far more difficult .
– C.A.R. Hoare , The Emperor ’s Old Clothes , Turing Award lecture , 1980
As much as one assumes that the future is bound to perpetuate the past , one might believe that we will never escape complexity .
In my own creative process , I like to distinguish between the notion of necessarily true and merely historically true .
I understand progress itself to be about this distinction — the overturning of the historically true that turns out ( often surprisingly ) not to be necessarily true .
What about specification ?
Are precise specifications necessarily complex , or merely historically complex ?
( I.e. , must we sit by while the future repeats the complexity of the past ? )
This question I see as even more unexplored than the same question for programs , because we have not been required to work with formal specifications nearly as much as with formal programs .
Even so , some people have chosen to work on precise specification and so some progress has been made in improving their simplicity , and I ’m optimistic about the future .
Optimistic enough to devote some of my life energy to the search .
Simplicity is the most difficult thing to secure in this world ; it is the last limit of experience and the last effort of genius .
– George Sand Everything is vague to a degree you do not realize till you have tried to make it precise .
– Bertrand Russell
I expect that future software developers will look back on our era as barbaric , the way we look at some of the medical practices of the past .
Of course , we ’re doing the best we know how , just as past medical practitioners were .
I know people are apt to hear criticism / insult whether present or not , and I hope that these words of mine are not heard as such .
I appreciate both the current practitioners , doing their best with tools at hand , and the pioneer , groping toward the methods of the future .
Personally , I play both roles , and I ’m guessing you do as well , perhaps differing only in balance .
I urge us all to appreciate and respect each other more as we muddle on .
Is program proving a viable and useful endeavor ?
Does it create more problems than it solves ?
Today I participated in a reddit discussion thread .
The discussion brought up some issues ...
Do you recognize any of the following quotes from Republican politicians ?
“ It will raise your taxes , increase the deficit , and kill over one million jobs . ” – Joel Hefley ( R - CO )
“ This plan will not work .
If it was to work , then I ’d have to become a Democrat . … your economic program is a job killer . ” – John Kasich ( R - OH ) “ I believe this will lead to a recession next year .
This is the Democrat machine ’s recession , and each one of them will be held personally accountable . ”
– Newt Gingrich ( R - GA ) “ Clearly this is a job killer in the short run .
The impact on job creation is going to be devastating .
…
Like so many of the President ’s past promises , deficit reduction will be another cruel hoax . ”
– Dick Armey ( R - TX ) “ Hundreds of thousands of Americans will lose their jobs because of this bill , and the President will be one of them . ”
– Phil Gramm ( R - TX ) “ It will not cut the deficit .
It will not create jobs .
And it will not cut spending . ” – Jim Bunning ( R - KY ) “ … will stifle economic growth , destroy jobs , reduce revenues , and increase the deficit . ” – Jim Ramstad ( R - MN ) “… a recipe for economic and fiscal disaster . ” – Phil Crane ( R - IL )
Sound familiar ?
Then you might be surprised to learn that all of these quotes are from 1993 — one year into the term of President Bill Clinton — when he passed his budget without a single Republican vote .
Of course , as we know now these predictions were dead wrong .
Instead of a recession , we went on to have the greatest economic boom in the history of the world while simultaneously reducing the deficit until it turned into a $ 5 trillion budget surplus .
Well , that is until the Republicans got back in power .
And surprising nobody , John Kasich did n’t become a Democrat .
And yet , this is not the first time Republicans have tried to scare us .
Here are some more that might sound familiar :
“ Let me tell you here and now it is socialized medicine . ” – James Utt ( R - CA ) “… we can not stand idly by now , as the Nation is urged to embark on an ill - conceived adventure in government medicine , the end of which no one can see , and from which the patient is certain to be the ultimate sufferer . ” – Durward Hall ( R - MO ) “ [ I will ] vote against the bill on final passage , and hope that it helps to draw attention to the horrendous tax burden that is going to be thrust upon every American and every future generation . ” – Robert Michel ( R - IL )
“ I have always maintained that if a program is to be successful , it must … be voluntary … based on need and must not be financed through a payroll tax . ” – Thruston B. Morton ( R - KY ) “… one of these days you and I are going to spend our sunset years telling our children and our children ’s children what it was like in American when men were free . ” – Ronald Reagan
These could be quotes against the current health care reform bill , but they were all in opposition to Medicare back in 1965 .
But wait , we ’ve been fooled by the Republicans more than two times .
Here is another set of dire predictions :
“ Never in the history of the world has any measure been brought here so insidiously designed as to prevent business recovery , to enslave workers and to prevent any possibility of the employers providing work for the people . ” – John Taber ( R - NY ) “ The lash of the dictator will be felt and 25 million free American citizens will for the first time submit themselves to a fingerprint test . ” – Daniel Reed ( R - NY ) “ This bill opens the door and invites the entrance into the political field of a power so vast , so powerful as to threaten the integrity of our institutions and to pull the pillars of the temple down upon the heads of our descendants . ” – James W. Wadsworth ( R - NY )
You might not recognize any of the names , but the quotes sound like they could have been spoken at a tea party last summer .
But they are all from 1935 , when FDR and the Democrats passed Social Security .
The entire Republican Party predicted disaster .
As Dubya so aptly misquoted “ Fool me once , shame on you .
Fool me twice , shame on me . ”
Fool us three or more times , and we deserve what we get .
How many more times will we be fooled ?
Will we ever learn ?
Andrew Tobias made up some nice Democratic campaign ads from these quotes .
NOTE : I wrote this earlier today , before Brown won the Mass Senate race .
I guess we got fooled again .
Here ’s an interesting article on how the Dems could use the “ nuclear option “ .
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
The reefs are centres of evolution as well as biodiversity
Coral reefs give rise to many more new species than other tropical marine habitats , according to a new study .
Scientists used fossil records stretching back 540 million years to work out the evolution rate at reefs .
They report in the journal Science that new species originate 50 % faster in coral reefs than in other habitats .
The team says its findings show that the loss of these evolution hotspots could mean " losing an opportunity to create new species " in the future .
Coral reefs harbour a huge number of marine species - they are often likened to rainforests in terms of their biodiversity .
If we lose reefs we lose an opportunity to create new species by evolutionary processes
Wolfgang Kiessling
Humboldt University , Berlin
But they also provide a " pump of new marine species " , according to Wolfgang Kiessling the scientist from Humboldt University in Berlin , Germany , who led this study .
He and his colleagues examined the fossil record to find the earliest evidence of benthic creatures - animals that live on the seafloor .
These creatures provide a good record of evolution .
They remain on the seafloor once they die , and are often fossilised along with some of the remains of their original habitats .
This team of scientists looked for the earliest fossils from each benthic genus , or group of species , in the fossil record .
" We checked when and where each genus first occurred , explained Dr Kiessling .
" So for example , if the earliest fossils were 300 million years , we asked : ' Did it occur in a reef or outside ' . "
He and his colleagues had access to a record stretching back to the Cambrian explosion - when the vast majority of complex organisms are believed to have emerged more than 540 million years ago .
This huge data set was compiled by an international project called the Paleobiology Database , which was started in 2000 .
" We had the best documentation of the fossil record at our fingertips , " Dr Kiessling told BBC News .
" And there was also the geological context there , so we knew where each species occurred .
Giant clams are fossilised with the remains of their coral reef habitats " Our study shows that reefs are even more important than currently assumed .
They are not only ecologically important for the marine environment , but also in an evolutionary sense . "
But Dr Brian Rosen , a zoologist at the Natural History Museum in London , UK , warned that the accuracy of fossil records alone was " notoriously difficult to gauge from the literature " .
He added that it could be useful for independent experts to re-examine some of the fossilised creatures .
Data " generated by direct examination of the specimens themselves by the relevant taxonomic specialists " is more reliable when it comes to working out important evolutionary patterns , he said .
Carl - Gustaf Lundin , head of the marine programme at the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) said that this was a " very welcome paper " .
" Studies like this provide conclusive evidence that reefs are centres of marine biodiversity , " he told BBC News .
" And now we see their importance in the evolutionary history of the planet . "
He added that currently the planet was losing 2 % of its reefs each year , mainly because of increasing ocean temperature bleaching and stunting the coral 's growth .
And ocean acidification making it more difficult for corals to build their skeletons .
Dr Kiessling said : " If we lose reefs we lose [ an ] opportunity to create new species by evolutionary processes . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Share on Pinterest
I just completed day 10 of my P90X workout !!
Now I ’ve only got 80 more days to go !
Today was Shoulders and Arms and Ab Ripper X .
It was a great workout and my arms , shoulders , and abs are exhausted !
I was finally able to find a store that had the plates I needed for my dumbbells ( Dick ’s Sporting Goods ; I should have gone there first ) .
So today I increased my weight on most of the exercises by 10 pounds .
Towards the end of the workout I had to go back down to my original weight , but I pushed harder today and I got a great workout .
After P90X Shoulders and Arms , I did Ab Ripper X with my wife so I had to make sure to bring it !
We are both super competitive with each other so I could n’t let her show me up !
I had to pause the P90X DVD like usual , but I was able to get through the entire Fiffer Scissor exercise without stopping !
I also was able to get through all 50 reps of the Mason Twist .
My wife of course had to show off and one up me during the Mason Twist .
She held a 5 lb. plate during the entire exercise .
Ok , I ’ll admit it .
She kicked my butt this time .
Nutrition for today -
Breakfast : Bowl of Fiber
One cereal , and a protein shake .
Mid-Morning : Protein shake .
Lunch : Peanut butter & jelly sandwich ( I used all natural peanut butter )
Also had a protein shake .
Mid-Afternoon : Berry Smoothie with 1 cup of frozen rasberries , blueberries , & blackberries , 1 tablespoon of ground flaxseed , 1 scoop of protein powder , and skim milk ( not sure how much , just filled up the cup ) .
Dinner : A shrimp taco with black beans , shrimp ( with mojito lime taco seasoning ) , lettuce , tomatoes , and shredded cheese ( not a lot ) on whole wheat soft taco shell .
After - Dinner : Protein shake .
Also , after my P90X workout I had a protein shake .
I ca n’t wait for my P90X Recovery drink to come in !
It really does seem to help me recover faster from the workouts and it tastes great .
Well , I ’m off to watch The Biggest Loser !
My wife LOVES the show and she got me into it .
It ’s a really great show and will definitely help keep you motivated .
For everyone who is doing P90X , great work and keep pushing play !!
Visa recently announced several new fees impacting merchant credit card processing costs .
Starting October 1 , 2009 , Visa will start assessing a ' misuse ' fee for authorizations that are not either settled or reversed within certain timeframes .
Visa will apply the announced fee of $ 0.045 to authorizations that are not followed by a matching clearing transaction ( or in the case of a cancelled or timed out authorization , not properly reversed ) .
In the past , merchants frequently performed a $ 1.00 authorization only ( without settlement ) for verification and to retreive address verification ( AVS ) and CVV match or mismatch information .
Visa explains that they 're trying to reduce ghost authorizations because they restrict a cardholders ability to buy and increases declines .
Here is what merchants will need to do in order to comply with the new processing guideline and avoid the misuse fee .
Card present authorizations must be reversed within 24 hours that have been submitted in error and / or cardholder cancelled .
For card not present transactions , full or partial authorization reversals must be processed within 72 hours .
Settlement must occur within 10 days of authorization for all merchants except Travel and Entertainment segments , which must clear within 20 days of authorization regardless of transaction date .
An alternative method to verify cardholder data , Visa has introduced Account Verification which will allow for a Zero Dollar Value authorization request and can include AVS and CVV data .
MasterCard has as similar verification process for card not present recurring billing merchants with a $ 1.00 ' test transaction ' .
Visa is charging for this service .
This Visa Zero Floor Limit Fee ( clearing without authorization ) is applied for any clearing transaction submitted that cannot be matched to previously approved or partially - approved authorization transactions .
The Card Associations have announced these two new regulations in merchant card acceptance , detailed below :
Zero Floor Limit Fee
Effective August 1 , 2009 , Visa will apply a penalty per transaction to a clearing transaction that cannot be matched to a previously approved or partially approved authorization .
Meaning , settlement may not occur without a prior authorization .
The penalty per transaction is $ 0.10 , passed to the merchant and billed in arrears in the following months billing cycle .
Example :
If the penalty occurs in Aug , merchant will receive a $ 0.10 fee in their Sept billing cycle .
Misuse Fee
Effective Oct 1 , 2009 , Visa will apply a penalty per transaction to approved and partially approved authorizations that cannot be matched to a clearing transaction or authorization reversal within 10 days from the initial auth .
Meaning , if settlement is not requested within 10 days of the original authorization , the per transaction penalty will apply .
The penalty per transaction is $ 0.05 , passed to the merchant and billed in arrears in the following month billing cycle .
Example :
If the penalty occurs in Oct , merchant will receive a $ 0.05 fee in their Nov billing cycle .
Other Visa Credit Card Processing fees implemented in 2009 :
Visa Acquires Processing Fee ( APF ) - Visa is rolling out a fee of $ 0.0195 on all Visa branded authorizations acquired in the US regardless of where the issuer / cardholder is located .
This fee will be effective July 1 , 2009 .
This follows a MasterCard Network Access and Brand Usage Fee ( NABU ) of $ .0185 for all U.S. issued transactions settled with MasterCard , announced in April 2009 .
- Visa is rolling out a fee of $ 0.0195 on all Visa branded authorizations acquired in the US regardless of where the issuer / cardholder is located .
This fee will be effective July 1 , 2009 .
This follows a MasterCard Network Access and Brand Usage Fee ( NABU ) of $ .0185 for all U.S. issued transactions settled with MasterCard , announced in April 2009 .
International Service Assessment Fee - Effective April 4 , 2009 Visa implemented the International Service Assessment ( ISA ) fee of 0.40 % ( 40 basis points ) on all international ( non U.S. card ) transactions processed by a U.S. merchant .
This fee is similar to MasterCard 's existing U.S. Cross Border Assessment Fee which is 0.30 % .
Get a " Free Savings Analysis " and find out if you are paying too much for your credit card merchant account .
Call us at 866.436.3530
Option 3 or email us to receive a quote .
We would like to help you save money and time and we guarantee a quote to beat your current credit card rates .
Notice – Due to the impact of COVID - 19 our office will be taking measures to limit in person contact and will be appointment only .
Our office remains open for business and will be serving clients remotely via Facetime , Skype , or other forms of video chat .
Please call ( 940 ) 382-4711 to arrange a digital consultation .
Some of the local Courts have indicated that if you have hired an attorney for certain issues , you will not be required to appear in Court for most appearances .
Denton Criminal Defense Attorney
Boswell Legal Group , P.C. ( formerly Boswell & Moore , P.C. ) is a different kind of law firm .
We are a boutique firm specializing in criminal defense .
So What Does That Mean ?
It means we do n’t take every case that comes through the door .
Boswell Legal Group , P.C. is a small criminal defense firm with a limited number of clients .
We are not a high volume practice where the attorney handling your case calls out your name in the courtroom because he or she does n’t know what you look like .
We pride ourselves on treating each client with the respect and empathy he or she deserves .
It means we only do one thing : criminal defense .
Focused .
Not family law , not personal injury , not real estate – one thing , criminal defense .
That ’s it .
That ’s what we know .
That ’s what we do .
It means we are n’t pretentious .
You wo n’t find an office of stuffy navy - suit clad attorneys talking at you across oversized desks in rooms lined with shelves of law books that can all be accessed by the internet now .
Nope , just regular people who care about your problem and want to help you during what is usually a very difficult time .
Boswell Legal assists all citizens from varying walks of life facing criminal charges .
Our clients range from students to professionals .
Whoever you are , we will explain your options so that you can make informed decisions about your case .
It means we tell you the truth .
No sales pitch .
No false promises .
No slick advertising or self - promotion .
Most of our business is referrals from previous clients .
We do n’t send embarrassing mail to your house .
You wo n’t find any “ links ” or case numbers pointing to previous “ results ” on this website – we believe your business should stay your business and we do n’t use it to promote ourselves .
Former Prosecutor with Over 20 Years of Experience
When you contact our criminal law office in Denton , TX what you will get is a candid assessment of your case and an honest discussion of potential legal options that are available to you .
We do n’t believe in entering into an attorney - client relationship by telling our clients “ whatever they want to hear . ”
We do believe in telling our clients the truth about what we can do to help .
Every case is different and we are here to help .
Contact us today to schedule a free & confidential consultation .
Tattoos have always been a tradition method of self - expression .
But sometimes that self - expression expresses just a little too much and many times you just have to wonder what people were thinking when they decided to get these tattoos .
10 .
To Do List Tattoo
Now this is an interesting tattoo but I think that eventually it may become a tattoo that they will regret .
As someone who has a wrist tattoo having something that you are going to see almost constantly every day it really has to be something important and personal .
But just maybe this tattoo will keep it ’s novelty and be cool to the person who has it .
At least I really hope so .
Link
9 .
Six Pack Tattoo
I suppose if you know that you ’re never going to get in shape then this might be a good idea seeing as it will be the closest thing you will ever get to a six pack .
Though I think it also gives new meaning to the phrase “ beer gut . ”
Sometimes you got to think about the reason people get tattoos because like other tattoos this is only funny the first time you see it .
Link
8 .
I See You Tattoo
This is another unique tattoo that really I cannot understand why someone would get it .
Sure I mean you do it once and it is kinda funny and it will definitely catch you off guard .
But after that it gets old rather quick , so I think that the goal of this tattoo is to constantly keep meeting new people .
Once again I think I can respect it but I think in the long run this could be a rather silly tattoo .
Link
7 .
Cow Tattoo
Now there are a number of tattoos that utilize holes in the body in order to add another dimension to their tattoo .
Many of the more disturbing and unique ones , use holes that well I was not comfortable sharing pictures of .
Turning the belly button into an anus has become a… shall I say “ popular ” bizarre tattoo as I have seen it done with a few different animals .
This is possibly the best of the worst but many of them I have seen with cats .
Link
6 .
Alien Tattoo
This is a truly impressive tattoo and this would really make anyone double take when you walked by .
This is a bizarre but really cool tattoo and unlike some of the others on this list I really do n’t think there is too much to complain about .
I would really like to hear the story behind this tattoo though and I would also like to see people ’s first reactions when they see him walking by .
Link
Dave Bashford of the LaserMotive team makes final adjustments to its robotic climber prior to one of its ascent attempts during the Space Elevator Power - Beaming Challenge Games at NASA Dryden in November , 2009 .
The team won $ 900,000 of the total $ 2 million prize .
Thisstory was updated Friday at 9:50 p.m. EST .
ASeattle - based team has won $ 900,000 in this year 's Space Elevator Games , a NASA - sponsoredcontest to build machines powered by laser beams that can climb a cable in thesky .
Thehomemade cable - climber built by the team LaserMotive of Washington state climbeda 3,000 - foot ( 900 - meter ) tether suspended by a helicopter at a speed of about 8 mph ( 13 kph ) during a Wednesday attempt .
The entry ultimately managed to climb the cable four times in two days , witha best time of about 3 minutes and 48 seconds .
The featwas the bestperformance yet of a miniature space elevator prototype and qualifiedLaserMotive to win the second - level prize of NASA ?s $ 2 million Power Beaming Challenge this week at the Dryden Flight Research Center at Edwards Air ForceBase in the California desert .
The contest requires competitors to beam powerfrom a remote source to propel their vehicles up a 1/4 - inch thick steel cabledangling from a helicopter .
The 2009 SpaceElevator Games are the first in which prize money has been awarded and has " been a very successful competition , " said NASA 's CentennialChallenges director Andy Petro .
" Power beaming is truly a 21st centurytechnology . "
DespiteLaserMotive ?s success , it is still a long way away from what would be neededto carry humans to Earth orbit , as proponents envision .
Spaceelevators were first popularized in the 1970s by the science fiction novelsof Arthur C. Clarke , as a means to reach space without using a rocket .
Instead , a ship could climb along a fixed structure , like a beam or cable , suspended inspace by a permanent geostationary satellite 22,000 miles ( 35,000 km ) aboveEarth .
The sticking points are the need for a super - strong , yet light , materialfor the tether , and a good way to anchor the other end securely .
Not to mentionthe vehicle to climb it .
That 'swhere the Space Elevator Games come in .
Any team that can power their entrant for an averagespeed of 11 mph ( 18 kph ) can qualify for a portion of the total $ 2 millionprize purse on offer .
The competition is sponsored by the Spaceward Foundationand NASA 's CentennialChallenges program aimed to spur development in space exploration .
An attemptby the Kansas City Space Pirates on Wednesday fell short of the speed requirementand got stuck partway up the cable during a Friday climb attempt .
A climber builtby the University of Saskatchewan Space Design Team was unable to competeduring the three - day contest because of a series of technical glitches , NASAofficials said .
Had LaserMotive 's entry managedto climb the entire length of the cable in under 3 minutes , it wouldhave won the entire $ 2 million prize .
As it stands , the remaining $ 1.1 million in prize moneyremains available for future competitions , contest organizers said .
WASHINGTON , Dec. 16 , 2009  -- President Obama pushed back against critics , including the former head of the Democratic Party , who have said that the health care bill in the Senate is fatally flawed and should be scrapped altogether .
In an interview with ABC News ' Charles Gibson , the president said he laid out for Congress specific things he wanted to see in the health care legislation -- including providing insurance for millions of uninsured and not driving up the deficit -- and that the current bill still has those benefits .
" Now , if you can tell me that those things are not worth it , then you and I have a very different opinion about what the task is here , " he said .
But Dr. Howard Dean , former Democratic National Committee chairman and a medical doctor , charged this week that the Senate bill has been so watered down that it is no longer worth supporting .
There are some good elements in the current health care bill , Dean said Wednesday on " Good Morning America , " but " at this point , the bill does more harm than good . "
Nevertheless , Obama expressed confidence today that the legislation will ultimately pass , but he indicated that it may not provide immediate results and it may be several years before the American people see real progress in health care .
" If I can say at the end of my first term that , you know what , we are poised to deliver on the promise of health care after the legislation has passed , I think that 'll be important , " he said .
The president stressed that failure to act on health care would be dire .
If Congress does not pass legislation that will bring down the spiraling costs of health care , the federal government " will go bankrupt , " Obama told Gibson .
" If we do n't pass it , here 's the guarantee : ...
Your premiums will go up , your employers are going to load up more costs on you , " he said .
" Potentially , they 're going to drop your coverage , because they just can't afford an increase of 25 percent , 30 percent in terms of the costs of providing health care to employees each and every year . "
The costs of Medicare and Medicaid are on an " unsustainable " trajectory , Obama said , and if there is no action taken to bring them down , " the federal government will go bankrupt . "
" This actually provides us the best chance of starting to bend the cost curve on the government expenditures in Medicare and Medicaid , " Obama said .
Obama told Gibson that anybody who says they are concerned about the rising deficit or worried about tax increases in the future has to support this health care bill .
" Because if we do n't do this , nobody argues with the fact that health care costs are going to consume the entire federal budget , " the president said .
Obama reiterated what he told Senate Democrats behind closed doors last week : " This will be the single most important piece of domestic legislation that 's passed since Social Security . "
When asked whether he felt that individual senators , such as Sen. Joe Lieberman , I - Conn. , were holding him hostage on the health care legislation , the president first put the blame on Republicans .
" I think that what we have right now in the Senate is a situation where the opposition party has made a political decision that we are going to say no to everything , we 're going to not be at the table , we 're going to just not get involved , " he said .
But he acknowledged that he needed all 58 Democrats and two independents to be on board with the bill the Senate ultimately votes on if it has any hope of passing .
" Every single one of them , " Obama said .
When pushed by Gibson on the heel dragging by individual senators , Obama would only say of his former colleagues , " Each of them have very strong opinions . "
Obama is facing an increasingly skeptical American public when it comes to his push for health care reform .
The latest ABC News / Washington Post poll found that support for the health care reform package , while never robust , is now at a low ebb and opposition has been steadily growing stronger in intensity .
For the first time , a majority of those surveyed disapproved of the president 's work on health care ( 53 percent ) and opposed the health care reform package making its way through Congress ( 51 percent , compared to 44 percent approval ) .
That seven - point margin for opposition is its most to date -- statistically significant for the first time -- and the differential in intensity of sentiment has grown since September .
Obama : Seeing Costs of War ' Hits You Like a Ton of Bricks '
Obama also faced criticism over the length of his deliberations on determining a new strategy for Afghanistan .
He ultimately decided to send 30,000 more American troops there starting early next year .
He told Gibson that his mindset changed from the beginning of the process to his final decision .
" I think that there is a sobriety that overcomes you during the course of a decision like this that that 's hard to describe , " Obama said .
" With this one , you feel it viscerally .
You lose sleep .
You think about families .
You think about history .
You walk through Arlington .
You 're reminded of the image of a mother in the rain sitting in front of a tombstone . "
Obama foresaw the decision to send American men and women into combat as " being difficult " but said nothing compared to being in the actual midst of that decision - making process .
" When you meet with families and you talk to soldiers who 've come home disabled as a consequence of their service , the sheer emotional force of that I think is something that you can't anticipate , " he said .
" It 's something that hits you like a ton of bricks . "
Obama said the most powerful moment of his first year in office was his overnight trip to Dover Air Force Base in Delaware , where he met with families who had just lost loved ones in Afghanistan and observed a " solemn dignified transfer movement , " the event that marks the return to the U.S. of the remains of fallen service members .
" Walking up the ramp of the transport plane by myself and seeing those caskets , it 's indescribable , and it reminds you of the extraordinary courage and sacrifice that these young men and women are willing to make , " the president said .
" But it also reminds you that you have the solemn obligation to make the best possible decision that you can make and that there is an element of tragedy involved in war that is inevitable .
" If you think that this is all chest - beating and glory , " he added , " then you 're probably not making the best decision as possible . "
Obama indicated that while he has outlined a timeline for withdrawal in Afghanistan , enacting that plan will depend on progress made in reversing the Taliban 's momentum there .
Obama said that if the new surge of American troops does not work , then " additional decisions " will have to be made " based on what the situation on the ground is . "
" What we did , I think , was find that point where , having built up Afghan capacity , we 're then in a position to start reducing our presence because we 've built up a partner in the region that can work with us effectively , " he said .
But Obama acknowledged that there are no guarantees that the strategy will work " perfectly " and said that no matter what success the U.S. sees in Afghanistan , there will still be problems with governance there and the challenges dealing with the Taliban and al Qaeda .
He said that if he were to only serve one term in office , he wants to hand off to the next president a more stable Afghanistan that does not require a " a perpetual occupation " by the U.S. military .
Obama Says Time May Come When He Forces Congress to Drop Earmarks
With the national debt now at a record $ 12 trillion , Obama soon will receive from Congress a spending bill that has more than 5,000 earmarks , pet projects for members , that will cost taxpayers nearly $ 4 billion .
Obama has pledged to reform the earmark process , but the White House has said he will not veto this bill when it gets to his desk .
Gibson asked him how he could sign the bill and at the same time claim to be serious about deficit reduction .
Obama said that raising taxes or cutting government spending next year would be wrong with the economy still " very fragile " and coming out of a recession , but his administration has to find ways to bring down the deficit in the mid- and long - term .
But when pressed by Gibson on why he would not just force Congress to drop the earmarks on this spending bill , Obama said , " There may come a point fairly soon in which we have to take that approach . "
But he noted that changing the culture on Capitol Hill will not happen overnight .
" I mean , this is part of the challenge of democracy , is that , you know , I have to deal with 535 members of Congress of both parties who may in the abstract say , ' We hate government waste and government spending , ' but when it comes to that project in their district , they think it 's absolutely vital , " the president said .
" And so we are trying to change a culture here . "
On this week ’s show , we welcome back Lee Garnett , the brilliant mind behind the social media - conscious online comic , ncomment .
Lee guides us through the latest chapter of his magnum opus , War , as well as fields questions from our TDD audience and the Reddit community .
Later , we discuss Facebook ’s diversity and the followup to their privacy changes , Australian government internet filters , the ( negligible ) effect of piracy on 2009 ’s movie ticket sales , and Twitter ’s attack by Iranian hackers .
Show Links
ncomment , the blog
War , Part 1 of 3
War , Part 2 of 3
Collective Thoughts : War Rages On
Facebook becomes more diverse as Latinos , blacks join at rapid pace
Green light for Australlian internet filter plans
Twitter Blog : A feature test with businesses
Hollywood Sets $ 10 Billion Box Office Record Despite claims that Pirates are Killing the industry
Privacy groups file FTC complaint against Facebook
Facebook Backs Off as Founder ’s Pictures Go Public
Twitter Hacked , Defaced By “ Iranian Cyber Army ”
i Phone overtakes Windows Mobile use for the first time in US
Bonus Update :
Mr. Garnett has gracefully provided The Drill Down with an exclusive look at the magic behind the curtain in the making of ‘ War ’ .
Here ’s a step - by - step example of the detail that goes into one panel .
Click through for a full - page spread :
Cloud Hosting
Our Cloud hosting solutions empower you to simplify your business operations .
Whether you 're an enterprise trying to complete an intricate IT project or a technology entrepreneur introducing a critical web application that requires horizontal and vertical scaling , we have the cloud you 've been looking for .
Our professional technicians have the skill and expertise to deploy and manage your cloud infrastructure according to your business requirements .
With cutting - edge infrastructure and high - throughput servers , we ensure maximum website performance .
We have proven expertise in delivering best - in - class cloud hosting solutions to businesses across the globe .
Our cloud hosting services
If you ask what Bonobo is , Bonobos are great apes from genus Pan .
Bonobos live in Central Zaire and in national parks in the Congo .
Bonobo is the nearest species to humans when we look at point of genetics and evolution .
Bonobo share 98.7 % of our DNA .
The biggest problem why is Bonobo dieing out is of course human fault .
Bonobos are hunted for meat .
People living in this area stating the this meat is their only way how to survive .
There are some efforts to substitute meat with cereals .
Probably it is not problem of food but of fault human thinking .
Because human diet is the same as Bonobos and Bonobos have enough food in the forests , the question is – why are humans so lazy and primitive and talking how much they need meat and there is enough plant food in the forests ?
They forgot who they are ?
Why are human searching for intelligent live in the space and pretend that they are so alone , and in the meantime , they are killing intelligent live on our planet ?
Bonobos eat mostly fruits and vegetables , but will also eat shoots , leaves , flowers , seeds , barks , pith , herbs , invertebrates , and small vertebrates such as flying squirrels , termites and young forest antelopes .
They have been recorded to eat 113 different types of plants per year .
We should learn from them , not kill them .
Producer Ofra Bikel chronicles how the middle class is faring in this recession through the stories of the people who she ’s come to know at the hair salon she ’s frequented for the past twenty years .
The film reveals the struggles of a small business owner to stay afloat , her sister ’s risk of imminent foreclosure on her Florida home , and the various clients whose lives intersect at this New York City salon — from well - to - do bankers to struggling actors , each with a story to tell about how they ’re getting by in these turbulent times .
[ Explore more on the original website for Close to Home . ]
We ’re starting to pick up hints that the White House is making another serious bid to pick up the vote of Sen. Olympia Snowe .
Really ?
If they do it and get a reasonable bill , great .
But it ’s exceedingly difficult for me to see that as a realistic possibility .
An Australian company has been awarded the contract to clean every window on the world 's tallest building .
The company , Cox Gomyl , will use muscle - power and machines to keep the windows on Dubai 's Burj Khalifa clean .
The Burj Khalifa , which was officially opened overnight , stands 828 metres high and has 200 storeys .
Dale Harding from Cox Gomyl says the company is taking on a massive task .
" There 's around 24,000 windows in total , I think it 's about 120,000 square metres of glass , " he said .
" It 's an amazing building , people focus on the height of the building ... but really the breadth and width of the building is just huge when you 're standing next to it . "
The tower has been named the Burj Khalifa after the ruler of the neighbouring emirate of Abu Dhabi , whose multi-billion - dollar bailout helped Dubai 's biggest developer avoid a potentially disastrous debt default in November .
Purchasing a homeowner insurance policy is a safe bet to insure your home against damages caused by natural disasters such as storms , fires , earthquakes , etc .
You are also insured against burglary , vandalism , and riots .
Before shopping for homeowner insurance , you need to keep some things in mind .
First of all , homeowner insurance policies not only cover homes against disasters and damages ; they also cover you , your family members and your pets for any liability and responsibility in causing damage to someone else ’s property .
However , a standard policy will not cover your home against earthquakes and floods .
For these , you need to buy separate insurance policy .
Get quotes from different companies to get an idea of what coverage they are offering and also the associated discount packages .
Getting quotes is simple enough .
Surf through the Internet .
and you will come across innumerable companies providing quotes .
Do comparative studies ; keeping in mind the coverage they are offering and also their discount packages .
For example , if you are a retired person who stays at home , chances are that you will get a higher discount .
This is because being at home enables you to detect problems such as fires .
You should also check out the financial status of the company .
You can do this by checking with your state ’s insurance department .
In fact , the department will provide you with valuable information in terms of trustable companies , competitive rates , discounts , etc .
In order to avoid paying higher premiums , check the types of coverage the insurance company offers .
Term Insurance Tips Related Sites
The Best Tips about Term Insurance
Best Term Insurance Tips
Buy Your Term Insurance the Modern Way Online
Keeping that life insurance
Life Insurance Premiums
Long Term Care Insurance Advice – What You Need To Know
Senior Life Insurance
Term Life Insurance
Understanding Insurance – Term Insurance
What Short Term Health Insurance Is All About
Whole Life Insurance
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
This entry was posted on Tuesday , December 29th , 2009 at 8:29 am and is filed under Insurance Tips .
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
Both comments and pings are currently closed .
Satellites are n't built to last forever , so it 's not a big surprise that the third and last laser on NASA 's Ice , Cloud and Land Elevation Satellite ( ICESat ) quit working on October 11 , outlasting its designed mission length by three and a half years .
Since its launch in 2003 ICESat has been a critical instrument for continuously monitoring how much ice sheets in Antarctica and Greenland are contributing to the rise of the world 's oceans and how much the swath of sea ice in the Arctic Ocean is thinning — both of which are occurring faster than projected .
The loss of ICESat , however , is a signal of what the future holds for NASA 's ailing Earth Observing System ( EOS ) , which is dying just as it is most needed to inform decisions and policy on climate change .
Today , 14 of the 15 satellites currently making climatic observations on Earth are far beyond their designed life - expectancies , with the exception being the Ocean Surface Topography Mission ( OSTM ) :
Several of these are expected to " go dark " in the next two years , robbing scientists of critical data needed for monitoring climate change and verifying international agreements , just as a critical mass of global players is agreeing that such agreements are essential to the future health of the world 's people and economies .
For more than a decade these Earth - observing satellites have provided some of the first environmental measurements on a global scale , including large - scale changes in the mass of polar ice .
Scientists have learned how fast oceans are rising and why .
They 've also found out how hurricanes develop , strengthen and weaken .
Planned replacements for Earth - observing satellites are inadequate , too .
The various airplanes that carry the instruments for ICE Bridge , a stopgap measure until ICESat 's successor is launched five years from now , have limited coverage .
So , consecutive measurements for tracking global ice patterns will not resume until 2015 , after ICESat 2 enters orbit .
" If we do n't have continuous measurements , we basically close our eyes for awhile , " says senior scientist Thorsten Markus , head of the Cyropheric Sciences Branch at the NASA Goddard Space Flight Center .
" It is critical that we continue those time - series observations .
For climate change , the satellite provides the only means to truly monitor the Earth on a global basis .
There is simply no other way . "
Satellite imagery is used for all sorts of climate study , from identifying conditions that allow infectious diseases like West Nile virus and cholera to emerge , to creating models for predicting hurricanes , to distinguishing natural resources such as wind , water and sunlight .
" We are impaired in our ability to understand what is happening and how the Earth works , " explains Waleed Abdalati , a former NASA scientist and director of the Earth Science and Observation Center at the University of Colorado at Boulder 's Cooperative Institute for Research in Environmental Sciences .
" In the last five years the ice has been changing in ways no one predicted .
When you combine continuous measurement , you get the complete story .
With a piecemeal approach , such as the one we have now , you get far less . "
In addition to ICESat 's breakdown and the failed launch of the Orbiting Carbon Observatory in February 2009 , other vital EOS satellites are in trouble .
An antenna on QuikScat stopped working in November .
Landsat 7 has a problem with its Scan Line Corrector , causing gaps in data .
" As soon as Landsat 7 fails completely , we will not have Landsat observations until 2013 when LandSat 's successor is scheduled for launch , " says senior scientist Compton Tucker of NASA 's Hydrospheric and Biospheric Sciences Lab at Goddard .
Tucker uses remote sensing to study vegetation and land use .
" If you want to understand emissions , you need to understand land use and land cover change , especially when you have forests cut down and replaced by herbaceous vegetation . "
NASA is developing or studying just seven Earth - observing scientific satellites for launch in the next seven years :
Enlarge By Olivier Douliery , Getty Images White House press secretary Robert Gibbs says the speech will be broadcast live on national television and streamed on the White House website .
WASHINGTON ( AP )  President Obama will deliver his first State of the Union address on Wednesday , Jan. 27 .
Obama will address a joint session of Congress , beginning at 9 p.m. ET .
White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said Monday the speech would be broadcast live on national television and streamed on the White House website .
It will be Obama 's first State of the Union address .
POLL : Obama gets middling marks ASSESSMENT : Looking at inaugural speech one year later Obama has been hoping to sign a health care overhaul bill into law in time for the speech .
The speech Obama delivered last year , just weeks after taking office , technically is not considered a State of the Union address .
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Now that corporate spending to influence lawmakers has been declared to be protected free speech , who is going to end up paying for all those expensive ads and lobbyists , not to mention the cost of buying up the media so we never hear about it ?
© Paul Fell
Washington ( CNN ) --
The Senate health care bill cleared a third and final procedural hurdle Wednesday as Democrats successfully limited remaining debate time on the $ 871 billion measure .
The Senate voted 60 - 39 along party lines to set up a final vote on the bill early Thursday morning .
Democrats also turned back last - ditch motions from Republicans claiming various provisions in the bill , including a mandate that individuals purchase coverage , are unconstitutional .
" It 's long past time we declare health care a right and not a privilege , " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , a Nevada Democrat , said after the vote .
" Today is a victory ... for American families , " proclaimed Sen . Max Baucus , D - Montana .
" Americans won . "
The expected victory for President Obama 's top domestic priority comes after nearly a year of sharply polarized deliberations on Capitol Hill .
Any measure passed by the Senate , however , will still have to be merged with a $ 1 trillion plan approved by the House of Representatives in November .
Increasingly confident Democrats hope to have a bill ready for Obama 's signature before his State of the Union address early next year .
" Health care reform is not a matter of if , " White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said Tuesday .
" Health care reform now is a matter of when . "
If a combined House - Senate health care bill clears Congress and is signed by Obama , it would be the biggest expansion of federal health care guarantees since the enactment of Medicare and Medicaid over four decades ago .
Republicans have mounted a no-holds - barred legislative campaign against the bill , using a series of procedural maneuvers to slow debate while arguing that the measure will raise taxes while doing little to slow spiraling health care costs .
They 've also ripped Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nevada , for garnering the 60 votes necessary to pass the bill in part by cobbling together a series of " sweetheart deals " for wavering members of the Democratic caucus .
" This bill is a grab bag of Chicago - style , backroom buyoffs , " Utah GOP Sen .
Orrin Hatch said Wednesday .
Recent compromises made to win the backing of moderates such as Sen. Ben Nelson of Nebraska and Sen. Joe Lieberman of Connecticut also angered many liberal Democrats and threatened to undermine support for the bill .
Democrats have now held three key procedural votes on the health care bill this week .
The backing of all 60 members of the Democratic caucus was required during each vote in order to overcome a filibuster from a GOP minority united in opposition .
Final passage of the measure , in contrast , will require only a bare majority in the 100 - member chamber .
Enthusiastic top Democrats argue the Senate bill would constitute a positive change of historic proportions .
The legislation , according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office , would extend health insurance to more than 30 million Americans currently lacking coverage while reducing the federal deficit .
The House and Senate bills agree on a broad range of changes that could impact every American 's coverage .
Among other things , they have agreed to subsidize insurance for a family of four making up to roughly $ 88,000 annually , or 400 percent of the federal poverty level .
They also have agreed to create health insurance exchanges designed to make it easier for small businesses , the self - employed and the unemployed to pool resources and purchase less - expensive coverage .
Both the House plan and the Senate bill would eventually limit total out - of - pocket expenses and prevent insurance companies from denying coverage for pre-existing conditions .
Insurers also would be barred from charging higher premiums based on a person 's gender or medical history .
However , both bills allow insurance companies to charge higher premiums for older customers .
Medicaid would be significantly expanded under both proposals .
The House bill would extend coverage to individuals earning up to 150 percent of the poverty line , or roughly $ 33,000 for a family of four ; the Senate plan ensures coverage to those earning up to 133 percent of the poverty level , or just over $ 29,000 for a family of four .
Major differences between the bills will be the focus of the conference committee that will try to merge them .
House and Senate Democrats are still divided over how to pay for their plans .
They are also split on , among other things , language relating to abortion coverage and whether to include a government - run public health insurance option .
The House bill includes a public option ; the more conservative Senate measure would instead create nonprofit private plans overseen by the federal government .
The short version
Barnes & Noble have , without a doubt , the worst customer service of any company I have dealt with in the past decade .
They 've made repeated promises to me that they 've failed to keep and told me that it 's my fault .
They 've put out _press releases_ about how generously they were taking care of the customers whose nooks failed to arrive for Christmas and then turned around and flatly refused to honor that promise .
If you want a hackable linux - based ebook reader with a great user experience and great customer support , buy a Kindle .
Update - January 26 : It took the Internet four days to do what B&N never managed - Y'all have bought enough stuff from amazon after clicking that " buy a kindle " link above to net me $ 100 in referral fees ( That 's 3 kindles and some assorted other stuff . )
Thank you !
In turn , I 'll be making a $ 100 donation to the EFF .
Update - Feb 2 : Last Monday , around lunchtime , I got voicemail from Melanie at B&N .
We did n't manage to actually connect on the phone until Wednesday .
She was friendly and apologetic .
Somewhat differently than all my previous interactions , she told me that the reason I did n't the promised compensation was that she had denied the request .
And that she and made a mistake .
She said she was sorry .
The gift card showed up a few hours later and the shipping charges were refunded on Friday .
All told , still not exactly the smoothest shopping experience .
But it 's over .
The long , ranty version
On November 9th , I ordered a nook from Barnes & Noble .
It promised to be the most awesomest ebook - reading experience ever .
With Wifi and 3G connectivity , it was clearly going to be better than the Kindle I had to hack to network overseas .
With native support for ePub and PDF , I was n't going to need to go and gain root on the device and then spend weeks creating document conversion software like I did for the Kindle .
Best of all , it was going to run Android , so I 'd be able to write custom software for it with relative ease .
When I placed my order on November 9th , Barnes & Noble promised me a ship date of December 11th .
Oof. I waited patiently ...
On December 11th , no nook arrived .
Instead , I got email from Barnes & Noble :
From : Barnes & Noble < BarnesandNoble_GiftCards@email.bn.com >
To : jesse@fsck.com
Subject : Here Comes
Your nook
This is to confirm that your nook is about to ship .
Although your shipment has been slightly delayed , we 've upgraded you to overnight shipping to ensure you 'll receive your nook by December 18 .
On December 13th , I was warned that accessories might hold up my order and that if I really wanted my nook , I should cancel the light and warranty I 'd ordered along with my nook .
In reply to my clicks , I got email from Barnes & Noble confirming that I had cancelled the booklight and warranty they sold me and that my nook had already entered the shipping process and was not cancelled .
On December 17th , I spoke to Barnes & Noble customer service .
They confirmed that my nook had not shipped yet and that I would not receive it on the 18th .
In fact , she told me that it would ship on December 21st and that it had n't been upgraded to overnight shipping - that it would show up on Christmas Eve .
This was somewhat frustrating to me as this was now the _second_ missed ship date for my order .
I wrote to customer service that night .
Their autoreply told me they 'd get back to me within 48 hours .
They did n't .
On December 21st , I called up Barnes & Noble to ask when my nook might ship .
The first tier customer service rep was .... actively hostile until after he put me on hold and read through my order .
When he came back on the line , he said " Oh .
You 're on a third delay .
Hold please . "
I believe that it was at this point that I was first told that if they blew their December 24th delivery date , they were going to give me a $ 100 gift card .
Later in the day on December 21st , I got this mail from Barnes & Noble :
From : service < service@barnesandnoble.com >
To : jesse < jesse@fsck.com >
Subject : Re : Help !
multiple nook delays and broken promises Dear Customer , We apologize for any confusion .
You are set to receive the order on 12/24 .
On December 24th , I got this mail from Barnes & Noble :
Date : Thu , 24 Dec 2009 10:34:23 - 0500 ( EST ) From : service < service@barnesandnoble.com >
To : jesse < jesse@fsck.com >
Subject : Re : Help !
multiple nook delays and broken promises Dear Jesse Vincent , Thank you for shopping with us .
Despite our efforts , we are unable to ship your order #xxxxxxxx in the expected timeframe .
We sincerely apologize for the multiple delays with you item .
We see that you have made contact with our customer service center and you have been provided of the steps we are taking with your order .
We thank you for your patience and appreciate you working with us in this matter .
The " steps " the customer service rep alluded to were , of course , the promise made by Barnes & Noble the previous day -
If I did n't get my nook by Christmas , they were going to give me a $ 100 gift card .
I replied to this mail within a few hours and heard nothing back by email for a week .
On December 28th , while waiting for a flight from Boston to San Francisco , I called Barnes & Noble 's customer service line again to ask when I might , you know , see my nook and the $ 100 they 'd promised me .
I was immediately transferred to a supervisor .
The supervisor was friendly and apologetic .
( Everyone I 've spoken to at Barnes & Noble has been personally friendly and apologetic .
Their call - center staff have _excellent_ empathy training . )
The supervisor put me on hold and read over my order .
When he came back on the line , he apologized again and confirmed that yes , something was wrong and that yes , Barnes & Noble owed me $ 100 .
He told me that I would receive email with a $ 100 Barnes & Noble gift card within 24 hours and that he was personally starting an inquiry into what the heck happened to my nook .
He promised I 'd get email back from him within a day .
At that point , I was pretty happy that someone was finally being responsive and that this was basically all sorted out .
About 6 hours later , I got off the plane at SFO and checked my email .
I had mail from Barnes & Noble !
It was not the mail I expected :
Dear jesse vincent ,
As you requested , your order # xxxxxxxxxx been canceled .
At this point , Barnes & Noble customer service was closed for the night .
Some friends joked that perhaps Barnes & Noble felt so bad about how badly they 'd jerked me around that they 'd cancelled the order because they were sending me a free nook .
That would have been nice .
Sadly , it was not what had happened .
I called the next day ( December 29 ) and related the newly updated tale of woe .
I was put on hold and transferred to a supervisor .
The supervisor was friendly and apologetic .
She told me that the only thing she could do was to start an inquiry into my order with operations and that it would take up to three business days .
Someone would get back to me before those three days were out and tell me what happened .
Three business days came and went .
No call from Barnes & Noble .
Meanwhile , on January 1st , I got email back from Barnes & Noble in reply to the email I sent them on December 24th .
It read :
Dear Customer , Thank you for your e-mail .
We recently received an email from you .
However , the email did not include a text message .
Kindly re-send your inquiry with a text message so that we may respond to your request .
... followed by the full text of the message I 'd sent them .
A day later , on January 2nd , they sent me another reply to the same message :
Dear Customer , Thank you for inquiring about your order with BarnesandNoble.com .
We 've changed our order inquiry policy to futher strengthen the privacy and security needs of our customers .
To respond to your request , we must ask you to provide your order number , which you can find in the subject line of your order confirmation email or shipping confirmation email .
... followed by the full text of the mail I 'd sent them , including the exchange I 'd had with Barnes & Noble customer service staff dating back to December 21st .
This included the ticket number we'd been corresponding on throughout this time , as well as my name , address , phone number , email address and , of course , the order number .
On January 3rd , I called up Barnes & Noble customer service again .
Once I provided my order number and an abbreviated sob story , I was transferred to Regillio , a supervisor .
He was polite and apologetic .
He put me on hold and read through the notes on my order .
When he got back on the phone , he told me that he was going to have to research this issue and get back to me .
On January 4th , he called me back .
The man deserves a medal .
He told me that yes , something had cancelled my order , but that it was clearly in error .
Unfortunately , there was no way to resurrect the order .
He could , however , enter a new order and bump it to the front of the queue .
Regillio did assure me that he was waiving the shipping charges on this new order and that I should ignore any shipping charges on the invoice .
With shipping and tax , the order totalled out at $ 278.19 .
On January 5th , my nook shipped ... via some sort of process that involved an off - brand delivery service from New Jersey shipping my nook to a USPS depot in Massachusetts and then having the postal service deliver my nook .
It took 3 or 4 days to arrive .
No , they did n't honor their previous promise to upgrade my order to overnight shipping .
It was only a few more days of delay , but it was another broken promise .
As of January 22nd , my credit card statement shows that Barnes & Noble charged me $ 278.19 .
No , Barnes & Noble did't refund the shipping charges like they 'd promised .
It 's not a lot of money in the grand scheme of things , but it was yet another broken promise .
On January 7th , Angie from Barnes & Noble emailed me to say they needed another 24 - 48 hours before they could tell me what happened to my gift card .
On January 15th , I called up Barnes & Noble 's customer service line to see if they 'd managed to figure out why they had n't yet sent me the gift card they 'd promised or called me back to explain what had gone wrong .
I read my order number to the first - tier customer service rep .
She told me that she was transferring me to a supervisor .
The supervisor , Wendy , was polite and apologetic .
She told me that my order 's notes showed that Barnes & Noble corporate had rescinded their promise to send me a $ 100 gift card because I 'd cancelled my order .
She then commented that this must clearly be in error because the notes also indicated that for weeks after I 'd purportedly cancelled my order I 'd been told , every several days , that my nook would ship in several days .
She told me that she would petition management to un-rescind their promise to me .
She promised to get back to me by the end of the day or the following Monday .
Nobody called me on Monday , January 18th .
On January 20th , I called Barnes & Noble to ask what had ever happened to that $ 100 they promised me .
The first - tier customer service rep spent a few minutes reading the notes on my order before telling me that " oh , yeah .
I see here we said we'd get back to you by Monday .
And I do n't see any notation that we ever got back to you . "
I waited on hold for a supervisor for 15 or so minutes .
The supervisor was friendly and apologetic .
She told me that they would investigate what happened and get back to me in 3 business days .
I explained to her ( politely , I promise ! ) why that was n't going to be ok .
She transferred me to her supervisor , Tiffany .
Tiffany was even more friendly and even more apologetic .
Tiffany promised to call me back on Friday to tell me what had really happened and how Barnes & Noble was going to fix it .
Today is January 22nd .
Tiffany called me back about an hour ago and told me that Melanie , a Vice President of Customer Care had instructed her to tell me that , despite repeated assurances to the contrary , Barnes & Noble was n't going to be able to honor their promise to me because their computers showed that my order had been cancelled .
Where do I go from here ?
At this point , I have little hope of ever seeing any sort of compensation from Barnes & Noble .
They 've strung me out past the limit of their 14 - day return policy , so I could n't even return the device .
I do n't really know what 's next for me and the nook .
I can tell you that Barnes & Noble are never getting another dime of my money .
I hope you think twice before giving them any of yours .
Somewhat coincidentally , Amazon announced the Official Kindle SDK this week .
If you want a hackable linux - based ebook reader with a great user experience and great customer support , buy a Kindle .
( Yes , I make money if you click that link .
Actually , if just four people buy Kindles because of this post , I end up with the $ 100 Barnes & Noble stiffed me . )
Update - January 26 : It took the Internet four days to do what B&N never managed - Y'all have bought enough stuff from amazon after clicking that " buy a kindle " link above to net me $ 100 in referral fees .
( That 's 3 kindles and some assorted other stuff . )
Thank you !
In turn , I 'll be making a $ 100 donation to the EFF .
Update - Feb 2 : Last Monday , around lunchtime , I got voicemail from Melanie at B&N .
We did n't manage to actually connect on the phone until Wednesday .
She was friendly and apologetic .
Somewhat differently than all my previous interactions , she told me that the reason I did n't the promised compensation was that she had denied the request .
And that she and made a mistake .
She said she was sorry .
The gift card showed up a few hours later and the shipping charges were refunded on Friday .
All told , still not exactly the smoothest shopping experience .
But it 's over .
The blast left a crater in the road and damaged a guardrail
A bomb has exploded near a convoy of Israeli diplomats in Jordan , Israel 's foreign ministry has confirmed .
No -one was injured in the incident , and the convoy continued on its way .
The attack occurred on the road between Amman , Jordan 's capital , and the Allenby Bridge crossing between Jordan and the Israeli - occupied West Bank .
Israel and Jordan signed a peace treaty in 1994 and have full diplomatic relations , though relations between the two are sometimes tense .
Jordan 's information minister , Nabil Sharif , said an " explosive device went off on the side of the road leading to the Jordan Valley " as " some civilian vehicles were passing by , including two Israeli diplomatic cars " .
An investigation was under way , he said .
Four passengers and two security guards were reported to have been travelling in the convoy .
Officials said Israel 's ambassador to Jordan , Dany Nevo , was not among the passengers , despite initial reports to the contrary .
The explosion left a small crater in the road , and damaged the guardrail .
Israeli diplomats often travel home on Thursday afternoon , at the start of the weekend in Jordan .
No immediate claim of responsibility was reported .
Revolutionary Ayatollah
In the very cold winter of 1979 , Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , the founder of the Islamic Republic of Iran , returned to Qom , the spiritual capital of the Shiite world , for the first time after his long exile .
A huge crowd came out that day .
As he made his way to the stage , passing through those who pressed together to see him , the ayatollah ’s mantle fell off .
Once he had settled in his chair , he noticed how chilly he was .
“ I ’m cold , ” he said .
Within seconds , another mantle fell over his shoulders and wrapped him warm .
This mantle belonged to my father , Mohammad Taghi Khalaji .
After my father draped his mantle over Ayatollah Khomeini ’s shoulders , he went to the podium and gave the introductory speech on behalf of the clerical establishment , as well as the people of Qom .
I never saw my father with that mantle again .
Right now , my father is in solitary confinement in Evin prison in Tehran .
He was arrested in his home in Qom on Jan. 12 .
On that day , he joined hundreds of Iranian citizens who have been arrested by the Iranian regime after the rigged election in June 2009 .
My family has been given no information — either by the Special Court of Clerics or by the Ministry of Intelligence — about any charges against my father .
Furthermore , my father has not been allowed to contact us or hire a lawyer .
The government ’s denial of his basic legal rights is not unusual ; it is the typical treatment of political prisoners .
The son of a farmer , my father was born in June 1948 in the province of Isfahan .
When he was 5 years old , he moved to Tehran , where his three brothers lived .
In 1968 , after graduating from high school and then Shokooh English Language Institute , he started to work as a bank accountant .
Although he came from a conservative religious background , he was the first in his family to become a cleric .
Under the influence of the rising religious fervor in Iran , and despite his family ’s discontent , he left his job in the bank and its good salary .
In 1969 , he moved to Qom with his fiancée — my mother , Mohtaram — and began to study in its seminary .
A revolutionary - minded young cleric , my father soon joined Qom ’s pro-Khomenei clique and proved himself to be an excellent orator with an innate talent for scholarship .
As he was making stunning progress in his theological studies , he employed his rhetorical skills in the service of the revolutionary cause .
He was a disciple of Ayatollah Morteza Motahhari and close to other founding fathers of the Islamic Republic .
For delivering speeches critical of the regime of Mohammad Reza Shah Pahlavi , he was arrested three times .
The last time he was released , three month later in February 1979 , the revolution had toppled the shah and established the foundations of a new government .
On Feb. 1 , 1979 , following the revolution ’s success , Khomeini returned to Iran from exile in Paris .
When he returned to his hometown Qom a month later , the conventional wisdom , shared by my father , was that Khomeini would leave politics to the politicians and return to teaching theology .
But the course of history proved everyone wrong .
Khomeini was looking to realize his dream of an Islamic government that applied his authority as the “ ruling jurisprudent , ” or wilayet - e- faqih .
Khomeini stayed in Qom for only a few months and , after suffering a heart attack , moved to Tehran .
He governed the Islamic Republic from Iran ’s political capital for the rest of his life .
During Khomeini ’s time in Qom , my father became very close to this charismatic leader .
Every day , he went to the home of Mohammad Yazdi , where Ayatollah Khomeini resided .
Yazdi , now an ayatollah himself , served as the head of Iran ’s judicial system for ten years under its current leader , Ali Khamenei .
Parts of our families have remained in touch to this day :
My younger brother is married to one of Yazdi ’s close relatives .
But some of Khomeini ’s tactics eventually alienated my father .
To consolidate power in the clergy , Khomeini convinced Iran ’s power - hungry clerics that they were the legitimate heirs of the Islamic Republic and deserved their own portion of the spoils of war against the shah ’s regime — in other words , political power .
Despite my father ’s loyalty to Khomeini and his ideals , he became disgusted by these clerics and kept his distance from them .
He decided to return to the seminary , and limited his social activities .
Nonetheless , my father ’s views of the Islamic Republic remained naïve and optimistic .
He was hugely resistant to the criticism of government behavior from both the secular and religious strata of society .
Unconsciously , he resisted the belief that the revolution for which he sacrificed his youth could possibly lead to human rights abuses , executions without trial , the imprisonment of the innocent , and the suppression of freedom of speech .
After 30 years of study under some of the most prominent clerics in the Shiite world , in subjects ranging from fiqh ( jurisprudence ) to Islamic philosophy , my father became a mujtahid — an ayatollah who is forbidden from following another ’s religious authority and must fulfill his own religious duties based on his own personal understanding .
He also taught Islamic philosophy and Shiite jurisprudence and educated hundreds of seminary students , several of whom later became prominent political figures .
My father was quiet and pious then and has remained so .
He followed the example of Ayatollah Hossein Ali Montazeri , who was designated as Khomeini ’s successor in 1985 .
After Khomeini ordered the execution without trial of approximately 4,000 political prisoners in 1988 , Montazeri criticized him for issuing an order he considered contrary to Islam .
For speaking out , Ayatollah Montazeri was stripped of his government position , and his family members and disciples were pressured by the regime to remain silent .
This moment was a turning point for revolutionary clerics like my father who were not contaminated by political and economic corruption .
In one of his public speeches Montazeri , who was Khamenei ’s teacher before the revolution , stated that Khamenei lacks sufficient theological training to issue fatwas and that his government is therefore illegitimate according to both the Iranian Constitution and Shiite law .
Following this speech , the regime raided Montazeri ’s house , confiscated his property , and exercised a tremendous pressure over his family and clerical circle , including my father .
Nevertheless , my father remained quiet and continued to write religious commentaries on the Fourth Shiite Imam ’s prayer book ( Sahifeh - ye Sajjadieh ) and the speech of Fatima , the prophet Muhammad ’s daughter ( Khotbeh - ye Zahra ) .
He published several religious books and , when he was allowed , he delivered speeches in different cities in Iran without ever publicly criticizing the government .
My father was mostly isolated from politics and gradually became disappointed with them .
However , the televised presidential debate between President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and reformist candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi agitated him and motivated him to throw his support behind Mousavi .
During the unrest that followed last June ’s election , when government forces arrested and killed peaceful demonstrators , my father began to speak out .
He watched the footage of the death of Neda Agha - Soltan , after she was shot by a Basij militiaman during a June 20 protest , replayed on television .
After that event , he began calling me at midnight in Tehran for several nights , telling me that he could no longer sleep .
He did not revolt against the shah in order to establish a regime that beat up peaceful demonstrators and shot innocent people .
One of his first speeches was in the Dar - Alzahra mosque in north Tehran , where reformists , including former President Mohammad Khatami , were gathering .
In his speech , my father reiterated that he would like the Islamic Republic to survive .
However , if Iranian leaders claim that they are following the example of Islam , its prophet , and its imams , then according to Islam , he argued , they must have the people ’s consent to rule .
He also criticized the Iranian regime for taking political prisoners , saying that the governments of the Prophet Muhammad and his son - in - law Ali insisted on the freedom of pacifist opposition .
Therefore , they maintained neither an Evin prison , the famous prison in Tehran where the government still holds political detainees , nor a Kahrizak , the detention center where the government tortured and raped men and women for supporting Moussavi after the election .
We spoke after this speech .
He was happy for the message that he had delivered and felt that he had done his religious duty .
He considered that he and his compatriots were responsible before God for the revolution and therefore could not keep silent when human rights abuses were committed in the name of Islam .
Despite receiving several warnings from the Intelligence Ministry , he continued to seize opportunities to speak out .
In his last speech , on the eve of Ashura in the residence of Ayatollah Yousef Sanei in Qom , my father asked that Iran ’s leaders repent to God for what they have done to the demonstrators and for suppressing the clerics who support the Islamic Republic but were merely constructively criticizing the current leaders ’ behavior .
This speech came a few days after the death of Ayatollah Montazeri .
While Tehran and Iran ’s other major cities were on fire after the rigged election , Qom was quiet until the passing of the dissident ayatollah .
After hundreds of thousands of people gathered at Montazeri ’s funeral and used the opportunity to demonstrate against Khamenei and the regime , all the ceremonies around the country for Montazeri were banned by the government .
In an attempt to prevent more damage to the government ’s legitimacy , the government waged a campaign against Ayatollah Sanei by shutting down his offices in different cities .
My father was arrested a few days later .
By initiating a crackdown on peaceful protesters and suppressing the first generation of the Islamic Republic , the government has simultaneously discredited its Islamic legitimacy and undermined its revolutionary credentials .
This regime has transformed my father from a man concerned with keeping Ayatollah Khomeini ’s shoulders warm into an enemy of the state .
This is a revolution that eats its own children .
It places its survival at risk .
It is impossible to determine just how much science misinformation audiences retain , but it 's safe to say the minuscule amount of good science in the movies is entirely outgunned .
After combing through a vast library of science fiction flicks both sublime and ridiculous , your intrepid Bad Astronomer sat down to explain the best and worst of movie science .
So grab some popcorn , relax , and be glad that when the lights go back up , the real universe will still be out there for us to enjoy .
This gallery is a sample of content from DISCOVER 's special Extreme Universe issue , which is available on newsstands only through March 22 , 2010 .
Bad Movie # 1 : The Core
For unexplained reasons ( because honestly , it 's not possible ) , Earth 's core has stopped spinning , causing our planet 's protective magnetic field to collapse .
The movie almost gets this one right : Earth 's magnetosphere does protect us from blasts of subatomic particles from the sun .
But for some reason the writers chose to say that it protects us from deadly solar microwave radiation .
They even show a beam of microwaves cooking the ocean and destroying the Golden Gate Bridge ( why do n't catastrophes in movies ever happen in the middle of nowhere ? ) .
Two problems :
The sun is a very weak emitter of microwaves , and worse , microwaves are not affected by magnetic fields !
The feeble glow of microwaves from the sun is absorbed by our air on the way down , anyway , so unless the core somehow also strips off Earth 's atmosphere -- in which case we have bigger problems than solar radiation -- we should be safe enough from microwaves if our planet 's center stops spinning .
Which it can't .
With great power comes great expectations .
The Large Hadron Collider at Cern near Geneva has now achieved the status of the most powerful particle accelerator in history , whipping up beams of protons to more than 1tn electronvolts .
This is the point where a better writer would make an analogy about how much this is , using the standard - issue units of science writing : basketballs , double - decker buses , whales , Wales .
Take it from me : for a particle accelerator , that 's a lot .
The LHC is the biggest and most expensive experiment in history , as befits asking the most fundamental questions in the universe : why does stuff have mass ?
It 's a hard question , and thrilling in its pure curiosity .
Last night I witnessed a lively debate chaired by Cern physicist and electro - rock minor deity Brian Cox with the science minister Lord Drayson .
It was on the subject of what has become known as " blue skies " research , as opposed to " goal - oriented " research .
In other proper words , " research " as opposed to " making stuff " .
When completing proposals for publicly funded grants , scientists are now required to indicate ( in some cases retrospectively , in others with crystal ball skills on show ) the applications or spin - off technologies of their work .
This is problematic , and caused much vitriol .
Vexed physicists used this forum to vehemently attack Drayson , who should be praised for both facing his critics and for not trotting out a politician 's answers .
I sympathise with the scientists .
Retrospective justification is anti-innovative as it restricts young researchers with sparse or non-existent track records , and targeted research restricts the creativity that defines science .
Nevertheless , I think the polarity of the question is overstated .
Certainly , discovering the gene that makes a snail 's shell twist left rather than right has less obvious applications than the implications for spintronics of more energy - efficient microchips .
But both of these are on a spectrum , and most research is somewhere in the middle .
The government should realise this , and stop trying to force scientists into becoming inventors .
Critics might wail about how much the LHC costs , but esoteric it ain't .
This experiment to find the Higgs Boson is on a continuum of knowledge and discovery on which all human civilisation is based .
There will be some direct technological spin - offs for sure .
Other high - energy physics projects formed the basis for the development of positron emission tomography , which revolutionised medical scanning .
Should the scientists at Cern ever need to fill in this new retrospective revenue - generating spin - off technologies section on a grant application , they would do well to write : " We invented the internet .
Now give us some money . "
Economies are underpinned by scientific research and scientists .
Now is exactly the right time to invest more in curiosity - driven research , and although this might sound counterintuitive during the global recession , certainly there is historical precedence .
Franklin Roosevelt instigated investment in basic research funding during the Great Depression , with a three - fold increase in the public science budget in the six years up to 1940 , which resulted in unparalleled technological development as part of the New Deal .
Japan emerged in the 1980s as a technological superpower , but the Japanese economy collapsed in 1990 .
Basic research was seen as a way out of the slump , and science was placed front and centre in Japanese policymaking .
It is now in its third five - year plan , increasing funding to basic research each time .
And just in case anyone is tempted , do n't trot out the old cliche about the only practical spin -offs from the very expensive Apollo missions being Velcro and Teflon .
Forget the immeasurable inspirational effect that landing on the moon had , creating a generation of scientists and engineers : proper economic analysis indicated that for every dollar spent on Apollo , $ 14 were returned to the economy .
The business gurus in Dragon 's Den would be drooling at that kind of deal .
Next year , the scientists at the LHC will ignore the advice of the Ghostbusters , and will deliberately cross the streams of protons whizzing round the 27 km tunnel at 99.99 % the speed of light .
When they start getting some results , they may yield an answer to one of the most fundamental questions in the universe .
That should be enough to justify the phenomenal spend .
Where 's your sense of wonder ?
But if not , the data is unequivocal .
The LHC emphatically exemplifies the solid notion that basic research results in economic growth .
Correction :
This story incorrectly stated that Westlake is among the communities in Ohio with stiffer penalties than state law demands for possessing small amounts of marijuana .
Westlake 's law mirrors the state law .
The offense is a minor misdemeanor , punishable by a $ 150 fine .
With Joe Guillen
Comment highlights
Users are having a detailed debate about marijuana laws in the comments on this story .
Here are some key points being made :
"
I prefer to have people as functional as possible when they are at work or on the highway .
While there seems to be growing support for the legalization of marijuana , it appears there is really very little use for the substance except to escape from reality . " -- nonsense
" Prescription drugs and alcohol abuse are much more deadly than pot , and generally have more " escape from reality " qualities than the best that cannabis has to offer . "
-- JUGShead
" It appears to give relief to some people , but is largely untested and probably does n't rise to the level of a legitimate prescription therapy .
It 's also a huge loophole for casual users who want to get high without getting busted . " -- nokiddin9
" An analogous situation would be Prohibition .
Legal drug made totally illegal .
Drove production and distribution underground , where it was run by the mob , and all the related problems that come with the mob started happening . " -- mogul345
" Times of economic distress usually result in prohibitions being repealed or eliminated .
The cost of enforcement is too high and the opportunity to add a new tax stream for government is too great .
Prohibition of Alcohol was repealed during the Great Depression for the above two reason . " -- cask23
" Unfortunately for cancer patients dying , and even with only weeks or days to live , are denied enough pain medication by law to ease the eventual end .
I know , I have witnessed it first hand .
The law is afraid they will become addicted .
Is this stupid , or what ? " -- livelifenow
" Johns Hopkins study published in May 1999 , examined marijuana 's effects on cognition on 1,318 participants over a 15 year period .
Researchers reported ' no significant differences in cognitive decline between heavy users , light users , and nonusers of cannabis . ' " -- thorntonii
The federal government 's recent decision to ease up on prosecuting patients using medical marijuana has brought hope to activists in Ohio seeking a medical marijuana law .
But getting lawmakers here to approve therapeutic marijuana use promises to be an uphill battle .
State Rep. Kenny Yuko , a Richmond Heights Democrat , is drafting legislation with groups that want Ohio to become the 15th state to allow those who are seriously ill to use medical marijuana .
While working on getting backers to unite behind a single approach , Yuko was heartened by the recent decision by U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder to redirect investigations away from patients in states that allow medical marijuana .
" It 's definitely good news for people who care about this issue , " said Yuko , who has multiple sclerosis but is not seeking to use medical marijuana .
" I hope this gives us an opportunity to get due consideration in the House and Senate . "
But Yuko acknowledges that it's " not going to be an easy sell " to get a medical marijuana measure through the legislature , especially with the vehement opposition of prosecutors and police groups .
Even supporters of medical marijuana like Ed Orlett , a former Ohio lawmaker who heads the Drug Policy Alliance Ohio , said that time is running out on passing a bill this session .
" The legislature has n't been terribly productive anyway , and I think it 's not likely they will want to tackle any controversial bills next year , " Orlett said .
In 1996 , Ohio lawmakers passed a criminal sentencing bill that allowed an " affirmative defense " for the medical use of marijuana .
However , lawmakers said they were n't aware of the provision slipped into the 1,000 - page bill , and legislation removing it was passed in early 1997 .
Since then , several medical marijuana bills have died in the legislature .
" I think it 's because of the history of it , and people still have the perception that this is really about somehow trying to get recreational marijuana legalized , " Yuko said .
" But what this is really about is giving opportunities to make a difference in the quality of life for some sick people . "
Yuko said his legislation probably will be modeled after Senate Bill 343 , which Sen .
Tom Roberts , a Dayton - area Democrat , introduced last session .
That bill would have allowed Ohio doctors to prescribe marijuana to patients who would be issued cards by the state health department to show to police if necessary .
House Speaker Armond Budish , a Beachwood Democrat , took a cautious approach in declining to comment on the merits of medical marijuana in Ohio .
But Senate President Bill Harris , an Ashland Republican , was firm in his opposition .
" He is not supportive , nor does he think there is support in the Senate for something like that , " said Harris ' spokeswoman Maggie Ostrowski .
A successful multimillion - dollar ballot issue last year put a medical marijuana law on the books in neighboring Michigan , but the short distance does n't mean Ohioans have easy access to medical marijuana .
Michigan will only issue medical marijuana licenses to people who live in the state -- leaving few options for Ohioans seeking the drug for treatment .
Brad Forrester , spokesman for the Michigan Medical Marijuana Association , said he has met at least six people who have moved to Michigan from Ohio so they could smoke or ingest marijuana in pill form for treatment .
" It is fairly easy for people to qualify for medical marijuana " in Michigan , Forrester said , " which , in my opinion , is a good thing . "
Patients with a broad range of medical conditions must submit an application that includes a note from a Michigan doctor saying marijuana use would alleviate the patient 's condition .
Since April , when the state began licensing users and growers , about 4,800 patients have been registered and about 2,000 licenses have been issued to " caregivers " who are allowed to grow and sell the drug .
But the Michigan cards offer no legal protection in Ohio , said Lt. Michael Daly , of the Toledo Police Department 's vice narcotics unit .
Daly said the department has n't encountered anybody with marijuana bought legally in Michigan .
" We would enforce the state of Ohio laws and let that whole scenario play out in court , " Daly said .
The Michigan law was passed with the help of the Washington - based Marijuana Policy Project , an organization that assists states and is heavily funded by Peter B. Lewis , chairman of Progressive Corp .
Bruce Mirken , spokesman for the group , said activists in Ohio were not ready to enlist the organization 's help .
" The last time I heard , and this was awhile ago , there seemed to be some infighting among local activists , " Mirken said .
To reach these Plain Dealer reporters : amarshall@plaind.com , 1-800-228-8272 ;
jguillen@plaind.com , 216-999-4675
Police detain 200 activists at their Copenhagen accommodation and seize items they claim could be used for acts of civil disobedience
Danish police last night raided a climate campaigners ' accommodation centre in Copenhagen , detaining 200 activists and seizing items including paint bombs and shields which they claimed could be used for acts of civil disobedience .
About 200 police arrived at the shelter on Ragnhild Street , in the Nørrebro district of Copenhagen , at 2.30 am .
They locked activists into the building for two hours , and searched some of the nearby properties .
Campaigners say they took away various items including a power drill , an angle grinder , and some wooden props .
No arrests were made .
Police confirmed the raid took place and issued a statement saying among the items they had found were " 58 fluorescent tubes containing a mixture of paint and oil , closed in both ends with candle wax , 193 riot shields , nine metal cages measuring 4x2 m , which are capable of rolling and constructed inside with milk cartons , which could be used for staircases . "
A spokeswoman for Climate Justice Action ( CJA ) , one of the activist groups , said : " People were enormously frightened and alarmed .
We really do n't know why the police handled it like this : the Danish government has provided this accommodation for activists and now the police are acting unnecessarily .
We 'll be asking for the items they confiscated back . "
The centre on Ragnhild Street is one of a handful of sleeping spaces provided by the government for the protesters who are expected during the course of the summit .
Activists estimate that between 30,000 - 40,000 protesters may arrive over the next couple of weeks .
Hundreds of small - scale actions are planned , and three large - scale peaceful protests are also due to take place on Saturday , Sunday , and Wednesday .
Police have said that although they will facilitate peaceful protest , they fear that an international extremist network may come to Copenhagen to join the peaceful protests then break away to commit acts of violence .
The head of the Police Intelligence Service ( PET ) , Jakob Scharf , has said that " violent extremists will try to abuse and get a free ride on the peaceful activist involvement in the climate debate . "
Scharf said he feared that peaceful protesters may end up in a battle zone between extremists and police .
Some activists have privately conceded that there may well be trouble at some of the upcoming demonstrations .
But most strongly refute the idea that troublemakers are descending on Copenhagen .
" We 've found that to be a myth put about by people who are seeking to undermine the genuine reasons people are protesting , " said Mel Evans of CJA .
" We 've issued a call out for people to take peaceful action on climate change and that 's why they 're coming here . "
So someone from Minneapolis donates one dollar to the GOP Senate Campaign Committee and puts down an expletive taunt as his name .
We at Crooks and Liars do not endorse this kind of silly hooliganism .
This guy had to donate a dollar to the Republicans to say the Eff Word ?
Really .
What 's totally newsworthy about this contribution is that the Republican Senatorial Campaign Committee 's website posted the " thank you " above ( minus the asterisks we added because guess what ?
We have editorial standards regarding that sort of thing . ) and left it up at their website last night for at least 20 minutes ( C&L staffers refreshed the site from 12:32 to 12:55 am Eastern Time and it was there the entire period ) perhaps until the next contribution bumped it .
[ Jamie at Intoxination has the screenshot . ]
Who knew you 'd need to install a net - nanny to protect your children 's eyes from a GOP fundraising site ?
Well , everybody knows now !
I hate to let you in on any of our internet secrets , Mister Steele , but there are filters for that and other dirty words out there .
Maybe if someone in your party knew how to use the Google other than to pick a Vice - Presidential candidate , you 'd save yourself some family - values embarrassment .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
An Ayrshire businessman says he has been fined by the police for blowing his nose while driving .
Michael Mancini , from Prestwick , said he was sitting in stationary traffic with the handbrake on when he used a tissue to clean his nose .
He claimed he was waved over by four police officers and given a fixed penalty for not being in proper control of his car .
He has refused to pay the £ 60 fine and the case may now proceed to court .
The 39 - year - old , who runs a furniture restoration business in Ayr , said : " The traffic was nose to tail in the high street and the traffic stopped and I thought that was quite a good time ( to blow his nose ) .
" I stopped the van and put the handbrake on .
I saw four police officers nearby .
The traffic moved on and I was waved across by an officer .
It should have been obvious to the officers what was going on and it beggars belief a ticket was issued
Peter Lockhart
Mr Mancini's solicitor " He said I was not in control of the vehicle . "
Mr Mancini said he was " absolutely stunned " by the police action .
He added : " I said to the officer ' You 're joking , you 're having a laugh ' .
" I 've never been in trouble with the police .
I was just completely gobsmacked .
I honestly thought someone was going to run out with a camera . "
Mr Mancini was fined on 26 October at the High Street in Ayr but has not paid the penalty .
His solicitor , Peter Lockhart , said he had written to the procurator fiscal on 18 January but a letter arrived the following day stating that if the fine was not paid the case would go to court .
Public interest Mr Lockhart said : " In the letter I said - ' It should have been obvious to the officers what was going on and it beggars belief a ticket was issued ' .
" I also wrote - ' We can not see , given the circumstances of this case , that it is in the public interest ' . "
Mr Lockhart said he was waiting to hear if a court date has been set .
" We will be pleading on his ( Mr Mancini's ) behalf not guilty , " he added .
A spokeswoman for Strathclyde Police said : " A 39 - year - old man is the subject of a report to the procurator fiscal in connection with an alleged traffic offence . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This is ... The Plan our Overlords have devised to ensnare our President into taking more from the middle class to accomodate the continued comforts of the Gulfstream Guard .
And sadly , it looks like Obama may be giving them a hearing , which Chris Bowers aptly describes as a " national suicide pact " ( Bowers might also have termed it a " political suicide pact , " given the fact that Seniors are already being demagogued on Health Care reform ) :
Congress and the president enact explicit long - term budgets for Medicare , Medicaid , and Social Security that are sustainable , set limits on automatic spending growth , and reduce the relatively favorable budgetary treatment of these programs compared with other types of expenditures .
The programs be reviewed on a regular schedule by the Social Security and Medicare Trustees or the Congressional Budget Office to determine whether they will remain within budgeted amounts .
Significant long - term deviations from budgeted amounts trigger automatic adjustments in benefits , premiums , provider payments , or other revenues .
These adjustments could only be over - ridden by an explicit vote of Congress and acceptance by the president .
By way of explanation , the outsize Federal budget deficits under Reagan necessitated hiking the FICA tax substantially in order to fund Social Security .
Most of you see that deduction on your paychecks .
The idea was to provide for the baby boomer generation when its massive ranks began to retire .
As result of these taxes , Social Security accumulated a vast , 2.5 trillion dollar surplus .
Good news for a generation of retirees , right ?
Well , sorta .
That money has been spent .
When you hear someone talking about " Social Security in Crisis , " that 's what they 're talking about .
That 's the " crisis . "
They 're talking about the fact that Uncle Sam owes back that vast amount of money it has already spent .
Every year the Treasury has borrowed the surplus revenue collected by Social Security and spent the money on other purposes -- whatever presidents and Congress decide , including more tax cuts for monied interests .
The Social Security surplus thus makes the federal deficits seem smaller than they are -- around $ 200 billion a year smaller .
Each time the government dipped into the Social Security trust fund this way , it issued a legal obligation to pay back the money with interest whenever Social Security needed it to pay benefits .
* * *
That moment of reckoning is approaching .
Uncle Sam owes these trillions to Social Security retirees and has to pay it back or look like just another deadbeat .
So , what to do ?
Ah , there 's the rub !
But if the government cuts the benefits first , it can push off repayment far into the future , and possibly forever .
Otherwise , government has to borrow the money by selling government bonds or extend the Social Security tax to cover incomes above the current $ 107,000 ceiling
That is what these " concerned " foundations and think - tanks , apparently now joined by the head of the Federal Reserve , are proposing .
Cutting ordinary Americans ' Benefits to pay for what the government already spent .
And they 're pressuring Obama to buy into it .
Obama is also playing footsie with the conservative advocates of " entitlement reform " ( their euphemism for cutting benefits ) .
The president wants the corporate establishment 's support on many other important matters , and he recently promised to hold a " fiscal responsibility summit " to examine the long - term costs of entitlements .
That forum could set the trap for a " bipartisan compromise " that may become difficult for Obama to resist , given the burgeoning deficit .
If he resists , he will be denounced as an old - fashioned free - spending liberal .
Obama did in fact hold a Fiscal Responsibility Summit , by the way .
Remember
that ?
Me neither .
So , who are the authors of this enterprise ?
The authors of this plan are sixteen economists from Brookings and Heritage , joined by the American Enterprise Institute , the Concord Coalition , the New America Foundation , the Progressive Policy Institute and the Urban Institute .
" Our group covers the ideological spectrum , " they claim
Not exactly , as Greider points out .
All these organizations are corporate - friendly and dependent on big -money contributors .
No liberal or labor thinkers need apply , though the group includes some formerly liberal economists like Robert Reischauer , Alice Rivlin and Isabel Sawhill
.
And who is its point man ?
A concerned billionaire named Pete Peterson .
We 're so lucky to have those concerned billionaires !
Why , Newsweek just printed a heartwarming piece of self - adulation authored by Mr. Peterson , filled with such wondrous quotes as :
But immediately I began wondering : what do I do with $ 1 billion ?
The idea of trying to make the money grow felt empty to me .
He gave the " billion " to his own " foundation . "
What a soulful individual .
The tender billionaire ....
Oops ?
Not so tender ?
The Peter G. Peterson Foundation , is against nationalizing health care in the US .
Health care is one of the single biggest holes in the US social safety net today with record numbers of Americans going bankrupt to pay for essential medical care .
The foundation is also against clean energy incentives , social security expansion , and extended unemployment benefits .
Basically , the Peter G. Peterson Foundation is against some of President Obama 's most socially relevant reforms .
Step back and conceptualize this for for a minute .
This is your money .
It came out of your paycheck .
It will continue to come out of your paycheck .
Your money , that you 've faithfully let slide into the government 's pocket with the assumption that it was going to pay for the Social Security you get when you retire .
This is WHAT THEY WANT TO LOOT to pay off their DEFICIT .
Not by raising taxes on billionaires like Mr. Peterson .
Not by raising taxes on behemoth corporations offshoring their grunt work to farmers in India .
You .
They want YOUR HARD - EARNED MONEY .
To pay for Bush 's Trillion Dollar Iraq Fiasco , among other things ... like Bailouts of AIG , Bank of America , and Wells Fargo , to name just a few .
Who exactly are the Greedy Bastards pushing this ?
The American Enterprise Institute for Public Policy Research ( AEI ) is a conservative think tank founded in 1943 .
Its stated mission is " to defend the principles and improve the institutions of American freedom and democratic capitalism — limited government , private enterprise , individual liberty and responsibility , vigilant and effective defense and foreign policies , political accountability , and open debate . "
They 're the same people who caused the Economic Disaster to begin with :
AEI scholars are considered to be some of the leading architects of the second Bush administration 's public policy .
[ 2 ]
More than twenty AEI scholars and fellows served either in a Bush administration policy post or on one of the government 's many panels and commissions . [ 3 ]
Among the prominent former government officials now affiliated with AEI are former U.S. ambassador to the U.N. John Bolton , now an AEI senior fellow ; former chairman of the National Endowment for the Humanities Lynne Cheney , a longtime AEI senior fellow ; former House Speaker Newt Gingrich
Well that 's the AEI .
How about the " New America Foundation " ?
http://www.sourcewatch.org/...
The New America Foundation is a Washington D.C. - headquartered think tank which states that it " invests in new thinkers and new ideas to address the next generation of challenges facing the United States ...
With an emphasis on big ideas , impartial analysis and pragmatic solutions , New America invests in outstanding individuals whose ability to communicate to wide and influential audiences can change the country 's policy discourse in critical areas , bringing promising new ideas and debates to the fore
Is n't it reassuring that we have our Billionaire class looking after our interests ?
The New America Foundation contains such luminaries as Eric Schmidt as its Chairman of the Board of Directors .
Schmidt is the CEO of Google .
It also boasts such ideologically diverse names as Laura Tyson and Francis Fukuyama , the repentant neocon and utterly clueless historian .
And last but not least among its members is multimillionaire Christine Todd Whitman , she of EPA fame , whose last notable achievement was lying about the toxic air quality at Ground Zero so Wall Street could remain open for business while the firemen and police involved in the recovery effort continued to breathe fumes in a potentially toxic cauldron .
Are n't you glad these people are looking out for your Social Security money ?
To be fair , New America also tolerates folks like Michael Lind who recognizes this bogus sleight of hand for what it is .
Recognizing the argument that rather than our tax dollars , the Trust Fund contains
government bonds that are simply IOUs , a measure of how much the government owes the system . "
So government bonds backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government , a government that has never defaulted on its obligations in its entire existence since 1776 , are not actual assets ?
Really ?
Here 's Peterson again , back in 2000 , telling us it 's time to tell the elderly they need to " adjust and prepare . "
So rich coming from a Billionaire :
http://www.socialsecurity.org/...
" Our leaders face a choice .
They can address the question of entitlements for the elderly while the economy is still booming and the budget is in the black , and before most baby boomers retire .
Or they can delay until the window of opportunity closes .
Either way , America will change course .
If we act now , everyone , young and old , will have time to adjust and prepare . "
Read the rest of the article and you 'll see the " choice " is between cutting benefits or raising taxes , presumably on folks like Pete Peterson .
I have a Modest Proposal for Mr. Peterson .
How about we nationalize 2 ( just 2 ! ) of your purported 2.8 Billion in Net Worth , and give 2 million Americans a check for $ 1000 each ?
It may not solve the deficit you folks created with your laissez - faire economic theories , but it might help out with the heating bills during this supposedly mild winter .
And I 'm happy to give you time to " adjust and prepare . "
And then we 'll tap the folks who who make up the American Enterprise Institute , and so on .
Because that 's pretty much what you 're proposing to do to us .
But let 's let our Fed Chairman have the last word , shall we ?
http://susiemadrak.com/...
Bernanke worked to assure the committee he had nothing against old people .
" I ’m not in any way advocating unfair treatment of the elderly , who have worked all their lives and certainly deserve our support and help , but if there are ways to restructure or strengthen these programs that reduce costs , I think that ’s extraordinarily important for us to try to achieve , " he said .
Here it comes ...
It provides millions of tracks available to stream and thousands of music videos provided by the labels .
There will also be original video content available , which will be generated by MySpace , as well as any video material uploaded by artists to their personal MySpace profile pages .
Ian Smith
You probably already know that health and safety legislation is a favourite punching bag for a certain type of newspaper columnist , but what you might not be aware of is that there are hundreds of thousands of accidents - many of them serious - in workplaces every year .
That 's why it 's so important to take ...
Jan. 26 , 2010  --
Undercover videos produced by animal rights groups are fueling a debate over the need for new laws to regulate the treatment of American dairy cows .
The graphic videos include one made inside a huge New York dairy operation where cows never go outside , have the ends of their tails cut off in painful procedures without anesthesia , and are seen being abused by one employee who hits a cow over the head with a wrench when it refuses to move .
An investigator for the group Mercy for Animals worked at the New York dairy farm , Willet Dairy , one of the largest in the state , for two months as a mechanic .
Willet supplies to Leprino Foods , based in Denver , which produces mozzarella cheese and other cheese products that are used at chains including Pizza Hut , Papa John's , and Domino's .
" These animals are really treated as little more than milk - producing machines , " said Nathan Runkle , executive director of Mercy for Animals .
" The overall environment at this facility was really a culture of cruelty and neglect . "
Portions of the video will be played in reports to be aired this evening on ABC World News with Diane Sawyer and later on Nightline .
( CLICK HERE AND HERE TO WATCH VIDEOS THAT INCLUDE THE UNDERCOVER FOOTAGE )
The practice of cutting off the ends of the tails of dairy cows -- known as tail docking -- is found in about half of American dairy farms , according to a 2002 U.S. Department of Agriculture report , although a dairy industry trade group says it is in decline .
The practice was banned in California last year and a bill to prohibit tail docking was introduced last week in the New York legislature .
" Science has shown repeatedly this practice is barbaric and totally unnecessary , " said Jennifer Fearing , California director of the Humane Society of the United States , which helped push the passage of legislation in Sacramento .
The dairy trade group says tail docking helps prevent cows from spreading manure and filth with their tails in barn conditions .
" I do n't think it would help to create an army of tail police to go around and check whether some cows have portions of their tails cut off , " said Chris Galen of the National Milk Producers Federation .
Galen said it is in the self interest of dairy farmers to treat their cows well .
" The humane treatment of cows , keeping cows as comfortable as possible , definitely has an impact on milk quality , " said Galen .
At the Willet Dairy , in East Genoa , New York , the farm 's chief executive officer , Lyndon Odell , said the operation produces high - quality milk and does not tolerate the abuse of animals .
" Our animals are critically important to our well being , so we work hard to treat them well , to treat them medically when they need to be treated , to ensure their lives are good while they 're here , " said Odell .
Shown the undercover videos made by Mercy for Animals , Odell said , " They picked out a few isolated incidents and they 're trying to portray them as something that is malicious on our part , that we do n't do a good job with our animals . "
Odell said he would not hesitate to fire any employee who mistreated one of the farm 's dairy cows .
" We have a history of firing people who have mistreated animals because that is not where we belong , " said Odell .
The Willet Dairy ships 40,000 gallons of milk a day , mostly to New York City .
Odell says large dairy operations like his , called " factory farms " by animal rights groups , need the large scale to be able to afford expensive equipment and the necessary workforce .
Animals rights groups say the big operations create abuse .
" Every single time that we send investigators undercover into America 's factory farms , they emerge with startling evidence of animal cruelty and neglect , " said Runkle of Mercy for Animals .
" We really think that this goes hand in hand and is inherent in industrial animal agriculture where these animals are really being treated and viewed as little more than production units , " he said .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
Burma 's military leader confirmed today that the country would hold its first elections in two decades this year but warned voters to make the " correct choices " when they go to the polls .
The long - awaited election would be Burma 's first since 1990 , when the main opposition party , led by the democracy leader , Aung San Suu Kyi , won by a landslide .
The junta ignored the result .
In an occasionally cryptic message to mark the anniversary of Burma 's independence from Britain in 1948 , General Than Shwe said his seven - stage road map was the sole process in the country 's transition to democracy .
" Plans are under way to hold elections in a systematic way this year , " he said in the address , read out on television by a senior junta official .
" In that regard , the entire people have to make correct choices . "
No date has been set for the election .
The 76 - year - old general also warned people to " remain vigilant at all times against dangers posed by neocolonialists " , in a reference to the US , Britain and other western nations critical of its record on human rights and treatment of political opponents .
Some will interpret the message as a warning not to vote for Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy .
The NLD does not recognise the country 's new military - authored constitution and has yet to decide whether to take part in the election .
Today , the NLD called on the junta , which seized power in 1962 , to release the country 's estimated 2,000 political prisoners and begin a dialogue with opposition parties .
" All the stakeholders need to hold a dialogue with a sincere intention towards national reconciliation and for the benefit of the country and the people , " said Khin Muang Swe , head of the party 's central executive committee .
Opponents of the regime have dismissed the election as a sham , as the constitution guarantees a quarter of parliamentary seats for the military .
The junta has yet to decide who can run for office , while representatives of Burma 's ethnic minorities say they plan to boycott the vote .
Critics say the contest will tighten the regime 's grip on power by producing a legislature dominated by the military and its civilian allies .
Aung San Suu Kyi is not expected to play any part in the vote after a court last year extended her house arrest for another 18 months to 2011 .
The Nobel peace laureate has spent 14 of the last 20 years in prison or under house arrest .
Burma 's supreme court said last week it would review an appeal against her latest detention on 18 January .
Last week Gordon Brown wrote a personal letter to the detained leader in which he urged the regime to hold free and fair elections .
" If the scheduled elections proceed under a rigged constitution , with opposition leaders excluded and no international oversight , the military leaders will be condemning Burma to more years of diplomatic isolation and economic stagnation , " he said .
Barack Obama is pursuing a policy of engagement with the junta , dispatching a high - level mission to Burma in November to persuade the leadership to improve human rights .
While Washington today congratulated the Burmese people on 62 years of independence , it said it looked forward to the day when they could " exercise freely their universal human rights " .
A state department spokesman , Ian Kelly , said the US " stands ready to take steps to improve bilateral relations based on reciprocal and meaningful efforts by the Burmese government to fulfil the Burmese people 's democratic aspirations " .
posted by : Audiegrl
Dr. Jill Biden ~ ~ I know first - hand as a parent and as a former high school and current college instructor just how challenging and overwhelming all of the financial aid forms and paperwork can be – and it was great to see how the current forms have fewer questions , easier navigation and are more user - friendly .
I spoke with students at the computer lab who expressed relief to be working on the more user - friendly FAFSA .
President Obama has challenged the nation to have the highest percentage of college graduates by 2020 , and simplifying the FAFSA form is a huge step toward removing barriers to financial aid and access to higher education for all .
If you are considering applying for financial aid , you can learn more here : www.fafsa.ed.gov
The God Fraud
In her article ( " Think Again : God , " November 2009 ) , Karen Armstrong discovers that Richard Dawkins , Christopher Hitchens , and I have mistaken " fundamentalism " for the totality of religion .
( Sorry about that . )
But do Richard and Christopher really hold religion responsible for " all human cruelty " ?
That is a surprise .
I had n’t realized that they were idiots .
In any case , I am hopeful that Armstrong ’s winsome depiction of Islam will shame and enlighten them , as it has me .
They will discover that Hassan al - Banna and Tariq Ramadan are paragons of meliorism and wisdom , while we are ignorant bigots who know nothing of theology ( of course ) , politics ( Christopher , are you listening ? ) , human nature ( what ’s to know ? ) , or the proper limits of science ( um … narrower ? ) .
I can’t quite remember how we got it into our heads that jihad was linked to violence .
( Might it have had something to do with the actual history and teachings of Islam ? )
And how could we have been so foolish as to connect the apparently inexhaustible supply of martyrs in the Muslim world to the Islamic doctrine of martyrdom ?
In my own defense , let me say that I do get spooked whenever Western Muslims advocate the murder of apostates ( as 36 percent of Muslim young adults do in Britain ) .
But I now know that these freedom - loving people just " want to see God reflected more clearly in public life . "
I will call my friend Ayaan Hirsi Ali at once and encourage her to come out of hiding : Come on out , dear .
Karen says the coast is clear .
As it turns out , those people who have been calling for your murder do n’t understand Islam any better than we do .
Armstrong assures us that because religion has existed for millennia , it is here to stay .
Of course , the same could be said about a preoccupation with witchcraft , which has also been a cultural universal .
The belief in the curative powers of human flesh is still widespread in Africa , as it used to be in the West .
It is said that " mummy paint " ( a salve made from ground mummy parts ) was applied to Lincoln ’s wounds as he lay dying .
This is now good for a laugh .
But in Kenya elderly men and women are still burned alive for casting malicious spells .
In Angola , unlucky boys and girls have been blinded , injected with battery acid , and killed outright in an effort to purge them of demons .
In Tanzania , there is a growing criminal trade in the body parts of albino human beings — as it is widely believed that their flesh has magical properties .
I hope that Armstrong will soon apply her capacious understanding of human nature to these phenomena .
Then we will learn that though witchcraft has occasionally been entangled with political injustice , an " inadequate understanding " of demonology and sympathetic magic was really to blame .
People will torture their children with battery acid from time to time anyway — and who among us has n’t wanted to kill and eat an albino ?
I sincerely hope that my " new atheist " colleagues are not so naive as to imagine that actual belief in magic might be the issue here .
After all , it would be absurd to criticize witchcraft as unscientific , as this would ignore the primordial division between mythos and logos .
Let me see if I have this straight : Belief in demons , the evil eye , and the medicinal value of a cannibal feast are perversions of the real witchcraft – - which is drenched with meaning , intrinsically wholesome , integral to our humanity , and here to stay .
Do I have that right ?
Sam Harris
Co-founder , The Reason Project
Karen Armstrong replies :
It is clear that we need a debate about the role of religion in public life and the relationship between science and religion .
I just wish this debate could be conducted in a more Socratic manner .
Socrates , founder of the Western rationalist tradition , always insisted that any dialogue must be conducted with gentleness and courtesy , and without malice .
In our highly polarized world , we really do not need yet another deliberately contentious and divisive discourse .
When I was a student , I was taught to listen to all sides of a question , examine the evidence impartially , and be prepared to change my mind .
For many years , I wanted nothing to do with religion and would have agreed wholeheartedly with Sam Harris ; my early writing definitely tended to the Dawkinsesque .
But my study of the history of world religion during the past 20 years has compelled me to alter my views .
Religious traditions are highly complex and multifarious .
Like art , religion is difficult to do well and is often done badly ; like sex , it is often tragically abused .
I hold no brief for witchcraft or the superstitious trading of body parts .
Like many religious people , I do not believe in demons .
I abhor violence of any kind , be it verbal or physical , religious or secular .
I have written at length about the desecration of religion in the crusades , inquisitions , and persecutions that have scarred human history .
I have also pointed out that , driven by political humiliation and alienation , far too many Muslims have in recent years distorted the traditional Islamic view of jihad , which originally referred to the " effort " required to implement the will of God in a violent world .
But these abuses do not constitute the whole story .
Religion is also about the quest for transcendence , the discipline of compassion , and the endless search for meaning ; it was not designed to provide us with the same kind of explanations as science , but to help us to live creatively , serenely , and kindly with the suffering that is an inescapable part of the human condition .
As such , it continues to appeal to millions of human beings across the globe .
To identify religion with its worst manifestations , claim that they represent the whole , and then demolish the straw dog thus set up does not seem a rational or useful way of conducting this important debate .
Historically , this kind of attack only serves to make religious fundamentalists more extreme .
Harris , Dawkins , and Hitchens have flung down the gauntlet in their spirited — some would say intemperate — manifestos against religion .
They can not be surprised if people challenge their critique in the way that I attempted in my article .
In the past , theologians such as Rudolf Bultmann , Karl Rahner , and Paul Tillich enjoyed fruitful conversations with atheists and found their theology enriched by the encounters .
We desperately need such interchange today .
A truly Socratic dialogue with atheists could help to counter many of the abuses of faith that Harris so rightly deplores .
WASHINGTON – How much does the U.S. government really trust Canada ?
Maybe less than you think .
Espionage warnings from the Defense Department caused an international sensation a few years ago over reports of mysterious coins with radio frequency transmitters , until they were debunked .
The culprit turned out to be a commemorative quarter in Canada .
But at the height of the mystery , senior Pentagon officials speculated whether Canadians were involved in the spy caper .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I do n’t think it is an issue of the Canadians being the bad guys , ” the Pentagon ’s counterintelligence chief wrote in an exchange of e-mails obtained this week by The Associated Press , “ but then again , who knows . ”
In the e-mails , released to the AP under the U.S. Freedom of Information
Act with names blacked out but job titles disclosed , Pentagon officials question whether they should warn military officers in the U.S. Northern Command , who regularly met Canadian counterparts about classified subjects inside bug - proof , government meeting rooms .
The rooms are known as secure compartmentalized information facilities , or SKIFs .
“ Is n’t the Canadian piece something that should be briefed to Northcom since the Canadians sit in their SKIFs ? ” asked the Pentagon ’s deputy director for counterintelligence oversight , in e-mails marked “ Secret / NoForn . ”
“ Good point , ” replied the Pentagon ’s acting director for counterintelligence .
“ It is possible that DSS ( the U.S. Defense Security Service ) sent their report to Northcom .
Then again , I do n’t think it is an issue of the Canadians being the bad guys , but then again , who knows . ”
Who knows ?
Canada is among the closest of U.S. allies , its continental northern neighbor and the leading oil supplier for the U.S.
The intelligence services of the two countries are extraordinarily tight and routinely share sensitive secrets .
President Barack Obama chose Canada as the destination of his first foreign trip , to underscore what he described as the two countries ’ long - standing and growing friendship .
ADVERTISEMENT
In sensational warnings that circulated publicly in late 2006 and early 2007 , the Pentagon ’s Defense Security Service said coins with radio transmitters were found planted on U.S. Army contractors with classified security clearances on at least three occasions between October 2005 and January 2006 as the contractors traveled through Canada .
In January 2007 , the government abruptly reversed itself and said the warnings were n’t true .
But the case remained a mystery until months later , when AP learned that the flap had been caused by suspicions over the odd- looking Canadian “ poppy ” quarter with a bright red flower .
The silver - colored 25 - cent piece features the red image of a poppy — Canada ’s flower of war remembrance — inlaid on a maple leaf .
What suspicious contractors believed to be “ nanotechnology ” on the coins actually was a protective coating the Royal Canadian Mint applied to prevent the poppy ’s red color from rubbing off .
The mint produced nearly 30 million such quarters in 2004 commemorating Canada ’s 117,000 war dead .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Pentagon turned over the latest e-mails from inside its Office of the Undersecretary for Defense for Intelligence nearly two years after the AP requested them under the Freedom of Information Act .
Many of the e-mails were censored over what the Pentagon said was national security and personal privacy .
One e-mail included a curious message on the same day the Defense Security Service publicly disavowed its warning about the spy coins .
“ I am guessing y’all know the status of the Canadian coin situation , ” it read .
It called for an internal meeting “ to chat about the next step to put Humpty together again ” and suggested notifying the media — and the Canadians .
ADVERTISEMENT
DAKAR , Senegal — A muscled man emerges from a volcano .
His left arm holds a baby aloft toward the West , his right arm pulls a scantily clad woman behind him .
This is the Monument to the African Renaissance , currently being erected here .
It is supposed to symbolize Africa emerging from centuries of oppression , but the statue has left women in Dakar asking :
Whose renaissance exactly ?
“ This woman [ in the statue ] , she is completely subjugated to man .
It ’s the man making the decisions .
It ’s the man as protector , and that does n’t fit with the African reality , ” said historian Penda Mbow .
While the half - naked man represents physical strength and control , the woman is a “ sex object , ” Mbow said .
She sees the female figure as an afterthought , an appendage , an accessory .
A Senegalese columnist called the statue an example of “ revolting sexism ” and wondered whether any women was consulted in the design of the monument .
It ’s but one of many criticisms to the bronze behemoth going up on one of Dakar ’s hills overlooking the Atlantic Ocean .
Others say the statue , which dominates Dakar 's horizon , is wasteful and disrespectful of Muslim culture .
At 164 feet tall — just higher than the Statue of Liberty — the monument is the pet project of Senegalese President Abdoulaye Wade .
He claims it will become a tourist attraction as popular as the Eiffel Tower or the Statue of Liberty .
Rumblings of discontent erupted this fall when Wade announced that he , as " intellectual creator , " would be taking 35 percent of all tourist revenue the state monument earns .
Supporters say the giant statue will draw tourists but critics charge the colossus — estimated to cost $ 27 million and built by North Koreans — highlights how disconnected Wade , 83 , has become from the daily struggles of Senegalese citizens .
Politicians charge that Senegal 's economy is declining and health and education are in crisis , yet massive public funds are being squandered on the statue .
About 95 percent of Senegal 's 12 million people are Muslim and some of the country ’s imams spoke out against the statue in December , citing wastefulness and Muslim restrictions against representing the human form .
Wade shot back that , at church , Christians pray to a man named Jesus and was later forced to apologize to the country ’s offended Christians , who protested in Dakar .
And now , the monument ’s architect has suggested adding a concrete coverup to the woman ’s bare legs , citing complaints he had received .
“ I do n’t see myself in that woman ”
The woman gazes skyward as the man pulls her to the summit , her arms extended backward and a cloth blowing over her perky breasts .
In a country where women dress in floor - grazing boubous , carrying heavy loads on their heads and babies strapped to their backs , the artistic rendering seems a bit out of touch .
Indeed , from a woman selling vegetables on the side of the road to an educated office manager and single mother of four , there was a similar refrain when asked about the monument : “ I do n’t see myself in that woman . ”
In Senegal women dress modestly and cover their bodies , said Magatte Sy of Siggil Jigeen , a Dakar - based women ’s rights organization that runs a domestic violence counseling center .
But
Sy is more concerned about the woman ’s position and size in relation to the man ’s , which she said are telling and troubling in a country whose family code still declares the man the head of the family and gives him the sole right to choose where his wife and family will live .
“ It ’s the man who is the head of the family , the man who is ahead .
It ’s the man who runs everything .
Everything revolves around him , ” Sy said .
“ That ’s not the future for the African woman .
I do n’t want to see the woman behind of or in front of the man , I would like to see her next to him , on the same level . ”
Female activists , like attorney Aminata Kebe , say they have been too busy trying to help women survive childbirth , escape domestic violence and become more financially independent to lose much sleep over a statue .
Kebe runs a free legal center in Dakar for the Senegalese Association of Female Lawyers , an organization that is working to reform the family code , make polygamy the exception rather than the rule , and get more women in political office .
“ Sure , the woman in the statue is troubling , but I ’m much more concerned about the women 50 meters below , on the ground , who are coming into my legal clinic , ” Kebe said .
Then , cocking her head , she considered for a moment .
“ But does this monument represent the African Renaissance for women ?
Does this statue represent the future [ for the African woman ] ? ” she added firmly .
“ No , absolutely not . ”
Editor 's note :
This story was updated to correctly describe the statue .
Usenet is considered to be the most “ private ” way to share files .
In other words , no MPAA or RIAA watching your back .
It is fast , has a lot of content , and it ’s getting more popular , even though the technology is almost 30 years old .
Time for an introduction .
Sounds great , but let me start off with the downside to Usenet .
The biggest disadvantage is that high speed Usenet servers are not free .
You need at least some kind of paid subscription plan to be able to get decent speeds on Usenet .
For some people this is not a problem , their argument often is that they already pay a lot of money for high speed broadband access , so why not pay a little extra to get the best speeds out of it .
The Quick Solution
For those who are new to Usenet and want the easy route , we recommend trying a free trial at Easynews .
This give you all the tools to start downloading from Usenet quickly , and guarantees fast downloads .
The free trial is for 14 days , which comes with up to 30 GB of downloads .
A credit card or PayPal address is required to register for a free account , but NO CHARGE will be made .
Cancel anytime , no questions asked .
If you decide that you like the service , you can stay on beyond the 14 days / 30 GB download limit and you will then start the account that you chose at registration .
If you ’re not satisfied with Easynews you can try other providers .
However , a premium service will always cost a few bucks .
The Alternative Solution
1. Download Grabit here .
2. Double click the downloaded file and proceed to install .
When installing make sure ‘ Associate Grabit with NZB files ’ is selected .
3 . Before clicking “ Finish ” select “ Launch Grabit ” .
If you missed this look for the grabit icon on the desktop and double click it .
4 . Once launched you ’ll be asked to enter the name of your usenet server .
If you have a premium server ( highly recommended , e.g. a free trial at Easynews ) select the check box and press next .
5 . If you selected the checkbox you ’ll then be asked for your news server username and password .
Enter them and press next .
Note : Your username / password are case sensitive !
Be sure to enter them correctly .
6 . You be asked whether to retrieve a list of groups from the news server .
Select the checkbox and click finish .
7. Grabit will load fully and begin downloading the grouplist .
While it ’s downloading continue to step 8 .
8 . Go to the ‘ Edit ’ menu and select ‘ Preferences ’ .
9 . Select the ‘ Folders ’ tab .
Click the button right of the box containing the download directory .
Here you can select the folder you want files to download to .
10 .
Go to your favourite NZB site ( eg. newzleech , yabse ) and download an NZB file .
Double click the NZB file .
You ’ll be asked whether you want to import the NZB file , just click ‘ Grab ’ .
NZB file ” />
11 . The NZB file will be imported .
If you ’ve done everything right the files should then begin to download .
Downloading :
That ’s all there is !
Well done you ’ve downloaded your first files from Usenet .
The following is n’t completely necessary but can save alot of time , especially if you do n’t want to deal with 100s of par / rar files .
1. Download ParNRar here
2. Double click the downloaded file and install .
3. Launch the ‘ ParNRar ’ by double clicking the purple icon on the Desktop .
4 . Click the button on the right of the monitored directory and select your download directory .
This is the same place you used for saving files with Grabit .
5. Click ‘ Go ’. ParNRar will then scan your Grabit download directory checking and extracting any files present .
For extra customization click the ‘ Options ’ button .
There are a range of options to choose from .
One useful option is to have ParNRar check the download folder every X seconds for new parts .
To do this select the ‘ When done scanning : ’ box and change to restart .
Then enter a delay between restarts .
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) --
The massive stock - market rally in the past nine months is mostly due to secret government buying of stock - index futures , a respected stock - market analyst said Tuesday .
Charles Biderman , chief executive of TrimTabs Investment Research , is the latest and most credible person to charge that the Federal Reserve and the Treasury ( in league with top Wall Street firms ) is rigging the stock market on a daily basis .
In a special report released Tuesday , Biderman said the $ 6 trillion increase in U.S. stock - market capitalization since March can't be explained by the usual sources of funds flowing into the market -- such as mutual funds , direct retail investment , pension funds , hedge funds or foreign purchases .
Read more about Biderman 's theory .
The only logical explanation for the extent of the rally , he suggested , is secret buying by a government committee known colloquially as the Plunge Protection Team .
It 's like the dark matter that astrophysicists conjecture must be there , even if we can't detect it .
The PPT was established by President Ronald Reagan in 1988 after the 1987 stock crash to coordinate the government 's response to market meltdowns .
It consists of the Fed chairman , the Treasury secretary , the head of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the head of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission .
Biderman acknowledged that he had no direct evidence that the Fed and other agencies have intervened in the stock market .
But he worried about what will happen to the market if the PPT has been buying and suddenly stops .
“ It 's hard to believe that the Fed could keep such a conspiracy a secret for 20 years or more . ”
The Fed , of course , is a major player in the fixed - income markets , buying and selling billions in Treasurys , agency bonds and mortgage - backed securities .
It 's taken on hundreds of billions in assets from Bear Stearns , American International Group Inc. AIG , +0.87 % and many unnamed banks to which it 's lent money .
Presumably , all of those positions are duly reported by the central bank each week .
But the Fed has never said it is buying equities or equity futures .
Doing so would likely violate the Federal Reserve 's investment policies , and could violate federal law if not disclosed properly .
Aside from the legal issues , the PPT would have operational constraints .
It 's hard to believe that the Fed could keep such a conspiracy a secret for 20 years or more .
An operation big enough to manipulate markets for months on end would be big enough to develop leaks .
With so much money at stake , anyone with direct knowledge of the conspiracy ( such as a $ 30,000 - a- year administrative aide ) would be highly tempted to blow the whistle .
Yet Biderman 's accusation of PPT market manipulation is another argument in favor of a complete public audit of the Fed 's books .
As any casual reader of this site 's community boards knows , there is a widespread belief that the PPT does manipulate stock prices on a daily basis to enrich its pals and screw individual investors .
It would be useful to prove them wrong .
And if they are right , the PPT should be put out of business .
-- Rex Nutting , Washington bureau chief
President Barack Obama ( on screen ) addresses Republican lawmakers at the GOP House Issues Conference in Baltimore on Friday .
Obama rumbles with House GOP
BALTIMORE — President Barack Obama on Friday accused Republicans of portraying health care reform as a " Bolshevik plot " and telling their constituents that he ’s " doing all kinds of crazy stuff that 's going to destroy America . "
Speaking to House Republicans at their annual policy retreat here , Obama said that over - the - top GOP attacks on him and his agenda have made it virtually impossible for Republicans to address the nation ’s problems in a bipartisan way .
Advertisement
“ What happens is that you guys do n’t have a lot of room to negotiate with me , ” Obama said .
" The fact of the matter is , many of you , if you voted with the administration on something , are politically vulnerable with your own base , with your own party because what you 've been telling your constituents is , ‘ This guy 's doing all kinds of crazy stuff that 's going to destroy America . ' ''
Obama ’s comments came in the midst of an extraordinary back - and - forth with Republican House members — a scene straight out of the House of Commons that played out live on cable TV .
Republicans invited Obama to appear at their annual conference ; the president accepted — and then surprised them by asking that cameras and reporters be allowed into the room .
Republicans immediately agreed to the request , but they may be regretting it now .
Again and again , Obama turned the Republicans questions against them — accusing them of obstructing legislation for political purposes and offering solutions that wo n’t work .
" I 've read your legislation .
I take a look at this stuff .
And the good ideas we take , " Obama said .
" It ca n't be all or nothing , one way or the other … If we put together a stimulus package in which a third of it is tax cuts that normally you guys would support , and support for states and the unemployed and helping people stay on COBRA , that certainly your governors would support … and maybe there are some things in there , with respect to infrastructure , that you do n't like …
If there 's uniform opposition because the Republican caucus does n't get 100 percent or 80 percent of what you want , then it 's going to be difficult to get a deal done , because that 's not how democracy works . "
House Minority Leader John Boehner , who introduced Obama to his colleagues and gave the president a stack of Republican policy proposals , said afterward that the event had been “ a good first step in having more of a dialogue . ”
Arizona Rep. Jeff
Flake said the event had helped his party by showing that Republicans have offered alternatives to Obama ’s plans .
" The real effort here was to convince people out there that we have offered solutions , we 've offered things , ” Flake said .
“ For him to say , ‘ Yes , I 've read your proposal ; it 's a substantive proposal ’ — that 's good .
That 's a huge thing for Republicans . "
House Republican Conference Chairman Mike Pence of Indiana began Friday ’s question - and - answer session by asking Obama whether he ’d embrace “ across the board ” tax cuts as a way to revive the economy , and Rep. Paul Ryan ( R - Wis . ) asked him to support a line - item veto to help achieve a balanced budget .
Obama pushed back hard , accusing Republicans of putting party before principle and voting against his 2009 stimulus plan but then attending “ ribbon cuttings ” for stimulus projects in their own districts .
If Republicans believe in both across - the - board tax cuts and a balanced budget , Obama said he ’d like to see their math .
The afternoon started on a more conciliatory note , with Obama saying in opening remarks hat he expects Republicans to challenge his ideas — and that he understands that there are sometimes fundamental policy differences between the parties .
" Having differences of opinion , having a real debate about matters of domestic policy and national security , that 's something that 's not only good for our country , it 's absolutely essential , ” he said .
But he also criticized the Republicans for reflexively opposing his policies — even when , he said , they were in line with GOP principles .
And the encounter got progressively more raucous from there .
Obama urged Republicans to come to the table and work with him on policy compromises , saying Americans " did n't send us to Washington to fight each other in some political steel - cage match . "
What voters do n’t want , he said , is " for Washington to continue being so Washington - like . "
The president asked the Republicans to support his proposal to provide small businesses with a $ 5000 tax credit for each new employee they add — an idea Republicans panned before he even made the offer .
He also asked them to support his plan to freeze nonmilitary discretionary spending for three years .
" Join me , " Obama asked .
" Nothing in this proposal that runs contrary to the ideological predisposition of this caucus . "
" We have seen some party - line votes that have been disappointing , " he said , recalling the stimulus fight .
" I did n't understand then , and I still do n't understand , why we got opposition in this caucus for almost $ 300 billion in badly needed tax cuts for the American people " and other assistance and infrastructure projects .
Obama jabbed : " Let 's face it , some of you have been at the ribbon - cuttings for some of these important projects in your communities . "
Continuing on a confrontational tack , Obama defended key components of his agenda , including the proposed fee on bailed - out banks — telling Boehner : " If you listen to the American people , John , they ’ll tell you they want their money back . "
At the end of his remarks — before taking questions — – Obama told Republicans it 's time to make a choice between aiming for " success at the polls " or " lasting success " for the country .
" Just think about it for a while , " he said .
" We do n't have to put it up for a vote today . "
Freshman Rep. Jason Chaffetz ( R - Utah ) went after the president harder , accusing him of breaking promising about transparency , lobbyists and partisanship .
“ I can look you in the eye and tell you we have not been obstructionists , ” he said .
Obama acknowledged that Chaffetz had a “ legitimate complaint ” about not putting health care negotiations on C - SPAN — as the president had vowed they would be — but he also asked Chaffetz what he was doing within his own caucus to make sure that Republicans were working with him in bipartisan way .
Midway through the questions and answers , Pence said that there would be just a few more questions .
Obama said he was n’t in any hurry to leave .
" I'm having fun , ” Obama said .
“ This is great . "
Rep. Tom Price ( R - Ga. ) seemed to enjoy the experience a little less .
Price said he ’s asked to meet with Obama every week for a year but that his question - and - answer round — about health care proposals Republicans have offered — was the first time they ’ve actually spoken .
“ He did n't even address the question , ” Price grumbled afterward .
“ He distorted the premise and refused to even answer the question . "
Price said Republicans had proven that they have ideas , that Obama has received them and that he would n’t answer their questions .
" I do n't know that you could get any more out of that than we did , ” he said .
Alexander Burns and Jake Sherman contributed to this report .
Rock You Like a Hurricane was a big hit for the band in the 1980s
German rock band Scorpions have announced they will break up after a career spanning over 40 years .
Best known for their European hit single Wind of Change , a statement on the band 's website read : " We agree we have reached the end of the road . "
The group say they will release a final album - Sting in the Tail - in March before embarking on a farewell tour .
The band was founded by guitarist Rudolf Schenker , 61 , in 1965 in Hanover .
" We want to end the Scorpion 's extraordinary career on a high note " , the band said on the website .
" We finish our career with an album we consider to be one of the best we have ever recorded . "
The tour will start in Prague on 15 March and go round the world " over the next few years " and the album will be released on 19 March .
The current line - up is Klaus Meine , Matthias Jabs , Rudolf Schenker , Pawel Maciwoda and James Kottak .
Scorpions have released more than 20 albums since they started out .
TAXPAYERS were warned last night that they have just days left to claim free and discounted dental treatments following stringent cuts to PRSI benefits in last week 's Budget .
From next month almost two million people covered by PRSI ( pay related social insurance ) will no longer be entitled to free dental treatment , or spectacles , from next year .
But anyone who contacts their dentist or optician before the end of the year and can establish that they qualify under the PRSI scheme will be able to get free or discounted treatments .
This will be the case even if the appointment takes place in the first three months of next year .
Chief executive of the Irish Dental Association Fintan Hourihan said from next January 1 eligible patients will only be entitled to a free check - up .
Under the existing system , workers with sufficient PRSI payments can claim two free dental check - ups a year , a teeth - cleaning session and subsidies towards a range of treatments .
Patients can also get discounts on fillings , extractions , root - canal work or dentures .
But a scale and polish can vary from € 80 to € 140 if you have to pay the full - market cost .
A filling can cost between € 60 and € 180 , and an extraction € 50 to € 150 .
The dentists ' body said that the Department of Social and Family Affairs , which administers the PRSI scheme , has promised to honour the terms of the PRSI scheme until the end of the year for eligible taxpayers .
Appointments
This means that appointments arranged before the end of the year , for those who are eligible , will be covered even if the appointment takes place up to March in the new year .
Mr Hourihan warned : " Your benefits will be lost if you do not confirm your eligibility prior to January 1 , 2010 .
" It is therefore essential if you think you have made sufficient PRSI contributions that you contact your dentist before December 31 . "
The Irish Dental Association has argued that the dental healthcare scheme built up over 50 years had been effectively wiped out in the Budget .
Spokeswoman for the Association of Optometrists Ireland Lynda McGivney - Nolan said people who have an application approved for glasses will be eligible to get them under PRSI for three months of next year .
People with sufficient PRSI payments can get free glasses as long as they only want a standard frame .
For those who want expensive frames , PRSI will cover € 42 towards the costs .
She said older people whose sight deteriorates as they get older , will lose out , despite paying PRSI all their lives .
Studies indicate that in excess of 30,000 adults in Ireland are living with significant sight loss , Ms McGivney - Nolan said .
A spokeswoman for the Department of Social and Family Affairs said last night : " Only those patients who by the year - end have confirmed appointments to see their dentists will have their eligibility considered under existing rules .
" Customers applying on or after January 1 , 2010 , will have their claim processed under the revised conditions . "
The winding down of the benefits for taxpayers under the PRSI scheme comes as new figures show that the numbers of people with private health insurance have reduced by over 40,000 in 2009 .
And the number forced to cancel their policies is likely to increase in 2010 , the Oireachtas Committee on Health and Children was told yesterday .
Irish Independent
How to Deal with a Bad Boss — 3 Approaches
You ’ve got a bad boss .
Maybe it was a surprise — he seemed nice during the interview .
Or maybe it was a gift from higher - up in the organization — she was brought in to replace your previous boss .
Whatever the reason , now you ’re stuck with a bad boss , and you have to do something .
There are basically three approaches to dealing with a bad boss : leave , get rid of the boss , or make the situation better .
Here ’s more information about each approach :
1. Leave
This seems like the most logical answer , but it ’s actually the last alternative that you should consider .
The unfortunate fact is that there are a lot of bad bosses out there , and you ’re just as likely to leave one and end up working for another one .
And it ’s a shame to give up your knowledge and seniority in your position just because of this idiot you work for .
And then there ’s the current economy — jobs are n’t that easy to find these days .
Of course there ’s more than one way to leave your current job .
You can try to find another position in your current company — maybe something in another area that reports to someone else .
That way you can broaden your experience base , continue with your company , and get away from your boss all at the same time .
And if your boss is just difficult to be around , then there are ways of “ leaving ” while staying in your current job .
Telecommute as much as you can .
Travel if it ’s justified for your job .
Spend time with customers .
Do whatever it takes to decrease the amount of time that you actually have to spend face - to - face with your boss .
2 . Get rid of the boss
This is the least common alternative , but I ’ve had it work for me twice .
There are two ways to get rid of the boss — well , two legal ones anyway .
One is to get your boss a different job , and the other is to get your boss fired .
Getting your boss fired is the more difficult way unless your boss is doing something illegal .
You have to somehow make your boss look really bad while making sure that the problem ca n’t be blamed on the employees .
I do n’t recommend this approach — it tends to backfire on you .
Getting your boss a different job is a bit counterintuitive .
You have to make your bad boss look so good to upper management or an outside company that your boss is promoted or hired away .
This is a much safer approach than getting your boss fired , and it can have huge benefits for you as well .
Think of it this way :
In spite of your boss ’s failures in his relationship with you , there ’s probably something he does well .
Maybe he was promoted into management from a “ doer ” position , and he was really best at being a super doer .
Maybe he excels at independent thinking and strategy , but just has trouble with people skills .
In either case you need to convince your boss that he needs to focus on what he does best , and that he needs to build on his true strengths .
Work with your boss on a plan to highlight his skills and get him promoted or moved to a different position .
And if your boss does n’t want to work with you on this , then do it anyway .
Play up your boss ’s true strengths every chance you get .
Mention them to higher management whenever the occasion arises .
Praise the things that your boss does well , and make him a good candidate for promotion .
Why does finding your boss a better job have huge benefits for you ?
Because you ’ve turned your bad boss into someone who owes you a favor .
If the boss does n’t immediately get a new position then you ’ve improved your relationship with your boss .
And even if you ’re caught trying this tactic then what can they say ?
“ You should n’t try to make your boss look good ? ”
3 . Make the situation better
The last alternative is more practical in most situations .
First you have to understand that the bad relationship between you and your boss may have something to do with you .
A relationship has two sides , and your behavior may be aggravating the problems between you and your boss .
The best way to improve your relationship with your boss is to try to put yourself in her shoes .
Try to see things from her perspective :
How is she being measured ?
What pressures is she under ?
What goals is she trying to achieve ?
If her organization is n’t achieving its goals , then her being rough on you may be her way of just trying to do her job .
Maybe her method of coping is n’t the best one , but to improve the situation you ’ve got to ignore her methods for the moment and focus on the result she ’s trying to achieve .
If you help her achieve her goals , then you will change your position in her eyes from an adversary to an ally .
And if you ’re an ally then maybe you ’ll be treated better .
So the best way to change your boss ’s behavior toward you is to do the things that will help make your boss successful , and to make sure that your boss knows it .
It will be hard for your boss to be harsh to someone who ’s helping her , even if she ’s a bad person at heart .
There ’s also a bonus benefit to approach # 3 :
If you help your boss become successful , then there ’s a good chance that approach # 3 will turn into approach # 2 .
ARROYO GRANDE , Calif. ( MarketWatch ) --
Test time : A neuroeconomic peek inside your brain 's new strategy as we enter the " Doomsday Decade " and leave behind the " Lost Decade " ( " lost " because the Dow dropped from 11,497 to 10,428 in 10 years , while Wall Street got rich wiping out almost 10 % of your retirement funds ) .
Test your 2010 strategy .
Are you an ...
Optimist ?
As the new decade starts , are you an optimist who trusts Wall Street 's advice that 2010 will be a great time to buy stocks .
Wall Street says the " Lost Decade " ( what a great title ) is now behind us .
So you believe that the 60 % market rally since the March 2009 bottom will continue , with at least 20 % gains in 2010 .
Pessimist ?
Or , you 're distrustful , cynical and pessimistic about all predictions made by Wall Street 's bosses and pundits .
You 're particularly skeptical of any and all forecasts by the " too - greedy - to - fail " bankers who stole trillions from taxpayers , the Fed and Treasury , then failed to stimulate the economy and now pocket mega - bailout bucks as record bonuses , just one year after we saved Wall Street from near bankruptcy .
This is a simple test of your mindset .
Betting odds say most of you will pick answer " 1 . "
Why ?
America was founded by optimists .
You believe that a " happy conspiracy " binds politicians , CEOs and Wall Street , making capitalism work and America a powerful nation :
So you accept Wall Street 's greed , lies and thievery as the price of " free - market capitalism , " and part of America 's DNA .
You embrace " capitalism - without - morals . "
Unfortunately , optimism also blinds us to our individual and national faults :
Hidden saboteurs tell us we know more than we do , have amazing skills we do n't , and are protected by divine forces against dark enemies and even our own irrational stupidity .
Yes , optimism is our inner enemy that periodically triggers trillion - dollar meltdowns .
New strategy : ' Getting back to even ' means new risks , more debt
True optimists are gung - ho about the future , expecting to recover losses and , as CNBC television host Jim Cramer preaches , " get back to even " in 2010 .
But the problem is no one has a clue if the market will ever " get back to even . "
Quite the opposite , since Fed chief Ben Bernanke is pushing the same optimistic cheap - money fantasies that his predecessor Alan Greenspan used to create the dot-com and the subprime crashes .
We can expect to see the next bubble fizzle and pop , pushing us deep into the dreaded Great Depression 2 that the Fed and Treasury are trying to avoid by downstreaming today 's problems onto future generations .
But soon future generations will start screaming : " The buck stops here " and revolt when the buck is n't worth much , and they 've lost faith in the dollar ( just like China ) .
Then the game of musical chairs will end , tragically , sadly , stupidly , unfortunately .
Why ?
Because we failed to stop short of total disaster , failed to prepare , and it 's too late .
So to all you optimists who plan to actively invest in 2010 because you accept that America 's " capitalism - without - morals " is working in spite of Wall Street 's quasi-criminal behavior :
Here 's some dark - side input to factor into your investment equation for 2010 and beyond .
Listen closely to the words of our 12 " Dr. Dooms . "
For a moment , take off your rose - colored glasses , step out of your denial , see the Great Depression 2 dead ahead , really look at the future our " Dr. Dooms " see in their " Doomsday Scenarios : "
1. Faber : The ' American Empire ' has peaked , is on a decline
Hong Kong economist Marc Faber says " the average life span of the world 's greatest civilizations has been 200 years ...
Once a society becomes successful it becomes arrogant , righteous , overconfident , corrupt , and decadent ... overspends ... costly wars ... wealth inequity and social tensions increase ; and society enters a secular decline . "
2. Grantham : Learned nothing , doomed to repeat past , only bigger
Money manager Jeremy Grantham warns that our irrational nightmare will repeat .
A year ago we came dangerously close to the " Great Depression 2 . "
Unfortunately , we 've " learned nothing ... condemning ourselves to another serious financial crisis in the not too - distant future . "
We had our bear - market rally .
Next , historical cycles plus our irrational behavior guarantees another , bigger global meltdown .
We " learned nothing . "
3. Stiglitz : Wall Street creating short respite before next crash
Nobel economist Joseph Stiglitz recently warned : Unless Wall Street 's incentive system is drastically reformed , " the financial sector will only try to circumvent whatever new regulations we put in place .
We will simply have a short respite before the next crisis . "
Warning , nothing 's changed , it 's worse : Lobbyists run Obama , Congress and the Fed .
4. Johnson : Running out of time before Great Depression 2
Yes , " we 're running out of time ... to prevent a true depression , " warns former IMF chief economist Simon Johnson .
The " financial industry has effectively captured our government " and is " blocking essential reform , " and unless we break Wall Street 's " stranglehold " we will be unable prevent the Great Depression 2 .
5. Ferguson :
Fed 's easy money fuels new bubbles , meltdowns
In the 400 - year history of the stock market " there has been a long succession of financial bubbles , " says financial historian Niall Ferguson .
Who 's the culprit ?
The Fed : " Without easy credit creation a true bubble cannot occur .
That is why so many bubbles have their origins in the sins of omission and commission of central banks . "
Another bubble ( and crash ) is virtually certain , thanks to Washington 's $ 23.7 trillion explosion in debt , the Fed 's support for the $ 670 trillion shadow banking system and Wall Street lobbyists getting superrich thanks to Wall Street 's insatiable greed .
6. Taleb : Fed haunted by ghost of Greenspan 's failed Reaganomics
When Obama reappointed Bernanke , Nassim Taleb , risk - management professor and author of " The Black Swan , " warned of a new disaster : " The world has never , never been as fragile , " yet Obama reappoints an economist who " does n't even know he does n't understand how things work . "
New proof ?
At last week 's American Economic Association , Bernanke was still shifting the blame : " The best response to the housing bubble would have been regulatory , not monetary . "
Wrong :
He conveniently forgets he was advising Bush earlier , did nothing .
Now Obama 's stuck with a Greenspan clone and an insane ideology focused solely on saving a failed banking system by flooding the world with inflated dollars guaranteed to trigger another meltdown
7. Soros : Dollar dead as a reserve currency , nest eggs dying
Billionaire investor George Soros ' " New Paradigm : " America 's 25 - year " superboom ... led to massive deregulation ... blindly chasing free markets ... unleashed excessive greed ... created the dot - com and credit meltdowns " and a " shadow banking system " of derivatives .
" The system is broken .
The current crisis marks the end of an era of credit expansion based on the dollar as the international reserve currency , " warns Soros .
" We 're now in a period of wealth destruction .
It is going to be very hard to preserve your wealth in these circumstances . "
8. Hedgers : make billions shorting stupid politicians , bankers
Soros is n't alone .
Lots of hedge fund buddies made hundreds of millions and billions betting on the stupidity of Washington with the Fed 's cheap - money policies .
Alpha magazine reports that four hedgers made more than $ 1 billion each in 2008 .
The top - 25 " managers made $ 464 million each on average last year ... a kingly sum , especially during a year of global recession , stock market wipeouts and vanishing wealth . "
9 . Shiller : Dot-com , subprime meltdowns , ' third episode ' next
Economist Robert Shiller a " Dr. Doom ? "
Remember a decade ago with " Irrational Exuberance ? "
Now he 's warning : " Bubbles are primarily social phenomena .
Until we understand and address the psychology that fuels them , they 're going to keep forming .
We recently lived through two epidemics of excessive financial optimism , we are close to a third episode , only this one will spread irrational pessimism and distrust -- not exuberance . "
10 . Kaufman : Irrationality replaced reason , science , technology
Henry Kaufman was Salomon 's chief economist and " Dr. Doom " for 24 years : " Why are we so poor at managing our key economic institutions while at the same time so accomplished in medicine , engineering and telecommunications ?
Why can we land men on the moon with pinpoint accuracy , yet fail to steer our economy away from the rocks ?
Why do our computers work so well , except when we use them to manage derivatives and hedge funds ? "
Kaufman warns :
" The computations were correct , but far too often the conclusions drawn from them were not . "
Why ?
Selfish , myopic politicians and bankers .
11 . Biggs : Sell everything , buy guns , food , head for the hills
In his 2008 bestseller " Wealth , War and Wisdom " former Morgan Stanley research guru Barton Biggs warns us to prepare for a " breakdown of civilization ...
Your safe haven must be self - sufficient and capable of growing some kind of food ...
It should be well - stocked with seed , fertilizer , canned food , wine , medicine , clothes , etc ... A few rounds over the approaching brigands ' heads would probably be a compelling persuader that there are easier farms to pillage . "
Biggs sounds like an anarchist militiaman .
12 . Diamond : Nations ignore obvious till it's too late , then collapse
The end will be swift .
In our age of short - term consumerism and instant gratification , few hear the warnings of our favorite evolutionary biologist , Jared Diamond .
Societies fail because they 're unprepared , will be in denial till it 's too late : " Civilizations share a sharp curve of decline .
Indeed , a society 's demise may begin only a decade or two after it reaches its peak population , wealth and power . "
The warnings were everywhere in 2008 , but Greenspan , Bernanke and former Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson were in denial :
It will happen again with Obama .
Downstreaming problems will fail .
Future bubbles get too big , crashes more deadly .
That 's mere chump change to these guys !
I just have to wonder if the Democrats are still dumb enough to roll over for them :
Banks are mobilising a smooth - running lobbying machine in Washington to ­battle Barack Obama 's plans to limit the size and scope of Wall Street institutions , as financial services firms gear up to stop a shake - up that could slice away large chunks of their operations .
Their influence on Capitol Hill is broad – the top eight US banks spent $ 26 m ( £ 16 m ) on lobbying efforts last year , an increase of 6 % on 2008 despite their financial woes , according to Congressional records .
And in the first 10 months of 2009 , the financial industry donated $ 78.2 m to federal candidates and party committees – more than any other business sector – according to political research institute the Centre for Responsive Politics .
" The power of the financial services sector in this city has not dissipated at all … they 've just done things in a quieter way , " said Ethan Siegel , an analyst at financial consultancy The Washington Exchange , who monitors Congress for big investors .
" They have n't pulled back on their lobbying just because they 've become piñata [ punchbags ] in the press . "
Wall Street lobbyists argue that scaling back the size of banks misdiagnoses the cause of the financial crisis , jeopardises jobs , damages America 's competitiveness and could inhibit growth .
The Financial Services Forum , which represents 18 top banks including Goldman Sachs , JP Morgan and Citigroup , says the problem of institutions becoming " too big to fail " ought to be tackled through more effective supervision , and by creating an authority able to wind down failing firms , rather than by forcing them to shrink .
Spokeswoman Erica Hurtt said : " This was not a trading crisis and these proposals miss the mark .
They wo n't get to the causes of the crisis . "
Banks ' persuasiveness has already had significant impact on the Obama administration .
Plans for the creation of a consumer financial protection agency are meeting staunch Senate opposition and may be watered down to get the 60 - 40 support needed to override objections .
One widely used strategy by the financial industry has been to deploy representatives of smaller high - street banks to make the case to lawmakers .
Organisations such as the Independent Community Bankers of America tend to get a sympathetic hearing because they can point to members in towns and cities in almost every Congressional district , rather than purely in lower Manhattan .
Aqua Shock : The Water Crisis in America
Aqua Shock : The Water Crisis in America by Susan J. Marks provides an analysis of the emerging water crisis in America by looking at its causes , governing structures , and potential solutions .
The United States uses approximately 408 billion gallons of water every day , 345 billion gallons of that usage being freshwater .
The largest usage of water in the United States by far — 195.5 billion gallons — is for energy production .
When most people think about water they tend to focus solely on drinking water and household usage , yet domestic use ranks a distant third behind agriculture with 46.9 billion gallons per day .
Water is used in every aspect of our civilization and is a critical component of every supply chain .
Droughts have an enormous economic impact on the country , costing between $ 6 - 8 billion annually in losses .
Dr. Peter Gleick sums up the global water crisis :
The easiest way to describe the world water problem is that a billion people do n’t have access to safe drinking , and 2.5 billion do n’t have access to adequate sanitation services , which leads to 2 million or so preventable deaths every year from water - related diseases .
Most people know that the amount of water on Earth does not change .
However , water ’s movement , form , purity , and pollution sources are all dynamic .
One of the major causes of the change of these qualities is climate change .
Increased global temperatures have reduced snowfall in many mountain areas of the United States , with melting snowpack being the main resource for summer water .
Climate change also affects storm frequency , intensity , and drought .
According to Joseph Dellapenna of Villanova University “ the root of the water crisis historically is not so much population growth but change in the way we use water , change in per-capita water demand . ”
The Clean Water
Act was able to actually decrease the gallons of water used per person per day from 1980 - 2000 by limiting water discharge for industries and power plants , causing these industries to research and implement new ways to reuse water .
The success of the Clean Water Act shows that good legislation and smart planning can go a long way in improving America ’s water situation .
Unfortunately , our water infrastructure and urban planning have been contributing to the problem instead of improving our efficiency .
Most of the water infrastructure in the United States is antiquated : storm sewers and drainage systems leak large amounts of freshwater , paving large areas in cities and suburbs prevents water from soaking back into the ground to replenish aquifers , and leaky pipes waste 7 billion gallons of clean drinking water every day .
Poor planning has caused even areas with high precipitation to have water shortages because of these factors .
Water infrastructure development and maintenance has been at a stand - still since the 1980s .
The country has not built a major water storage system since Reagan was President , and our dams , aqueducts , and storage systems were designed for a different climate than we currently experience .
Old pipes can allow contaminants into the water supply , and while water treatment facilities are normally able to kill bacteria and parasites , these antiquated systems are not well - enough equipped to deal with modern pollutants : pesticides , industrial chemicals , and pharmaceuticals .
The NRDC estimates that more than 7 million Americans get sick from contaminated water annually .
People tend to turn to bottled water as an alternative to tap , believing that it makes them safer .
Unfortunately this is both not the case and leads to the usage of even more water .
Bottled water is n’t safety tested as often as tap water , and most bottled water is from taps and public reservoirs anyway .
The real problem is that the amount of water used to make the plastic bottles and in the gasoline fuel to transport those bottles .
Instead of demanding we improve our water infrastructure , people purchase bottled water which actually causes greater depletion of our water reserves .
Improving our water infrastructure and urban design would go a long way into securing our water supplies through the 21st century .
Porous pavement , water - friendly landscaping , rain gardens , and vegetated swales would help rain water soak into the ground to replenish aquifers .
Reducing nonpoint source pollution , which is recognized as the primary threat to American water quality , would prevent fresh water from being ruined .
Fixing those leaky pipes and leaching storage systems would prevent the waste of billions of gallons of water .
This has become a problem that we as a country have put off until tomorrow , and today we are faced with expensive repairs that scare politicians .
Cost estimates for the replacement of drinking and wastewater infrastructure range from $ 485 billion to $ 1.2 trillion over the next 20 years .
So far the United States has only allocated $ 945 million for such projects , which was included in the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act earlier this year .
From any estimate that only covers a sliver of the necessary repair .
According to Marks , “ the biggest obstacle to solving the nation ’s water problems is refusing to admit they exist . ”
Aqua Shock also includes some informative chapters about water laws , the people who control water , the cost of water , and whether our water can be saved .
The book definitely does its job in informing the reader about our water problems and water policy , and would be valuable to anyone that is interested in conserving resources and developing our country ’s infrastructure for the 21st century .
I ’m probably going to get some stick for what I ’m about to write but I really started to hate LBP the more I played of it .
First off , I actually loved the BETA .
I thought it was great fun , Sackboy was a great character and I had a lot of fun playing it .
Then I decided to stop because I did n’t want to get the game and find that the experience would be watered down due to playing too much of the BETA .
Big mistake .
The more I played of the game , the more I realised it is absolutely crap as a platformer .
You can throw all this stuff about creating levels and all the community stuff at me but none of that can hide the fact that it is unforgivably flawed as a platform game .
LBP is meant to be fun and aimed at bringing on board ‘ casuals ’ or some of the Wii crowd ( aswell as regular gamers ) , or so we are led to believe .
How can a game that infuriates so much due to broken controls that makes controlling Sackboy so infuriating , appeal to people that just want to have fun , when it sucks all the fun out of the experience !
The amount of times I died because Sackboy skidded on a platform or failed to jump high enough or far enough to reach a perfectly reachable platform was bordering on the ridiculous .
There was even an incident where one of the bouncy platforms toppled over meaning I could n’t progress any further on that level so I had to quit out of it !!
I ’m talking about the Story levels btw , not user created levels .
LBP is supposed to be a platformer yet it fails , as far as I ’m concerned , to get the basic elements of what makes platform games so much fun .
The physics in the game cause far too many problems for me .
When I jump , I want to be able to actually control myself how far and high I jump , not end up with seemingly random heights and distances regardless of how hard or light I press the jump button .
When my character lands he should not continue to move as if he ’s on an ice platform and fall on to spikes or to it ’s death .
Everything has to be so precise in LBP .
This completely takes away the fun of the experience and massively reduces the pick up and play factor for me .
I really ca n’t see any of the supposed ‘ casual gamers ’ sticking with a game that can infuriate so easily .
I decided to have a quick play with the level creater tools but gave up as everything felt too fiddly and time consuming .
You may argue that I should put the time in to get the best out of this side of LBP but I simply do not have the time to do this .
As a result , LBP became an incredibly annoying game , so much so that I traded it in yesterday and got the flawed and buggy Fallout 3 instead .
Maybe Media
Molecule should ’ve actually spent more time on getting the game mechanics and platforming elements right and made the platforming fun and enjoyable as a result .
The mass majority will probably not agree with what I ’ve written but hey , that ’s life .
If you love LBP , great !
I however will not recommend this game to anyone based on how poor it is as a platformer .
EDIT : Even Media Molecule boss Mark Healey is n’t entirely happy with the control scheme in LBP .
Check out the 5.10 mark onwards in this video .
LOUISVILLE , Ky. — Roy Brown seems like a rarity -- a conservative who 's against the death penalty .
But to Brown , a state senator and the 2008 Republican nominee for governor of Montana , the philosophy aligns perfectly with conservative ideology .
He 's one of the more high - profile figures reaching out to other social and fiscal conservatives , hoping to create a bipartisan movement against capital punishment .
" I believe that life is precious from the womb to a natural death , " Brown said .
The Roman Catholic church has long been an organized and vocal critic of the death penalty , but the new effort is trying to bring in other conservatives shaped by both evangelical faiths and political ideology .
Now , liberals and conservatives -- longtime opponents on contentious social issues from abortion to capital punishment -- are working together in a time of strong political polarization .
The effort took center stage at the National Coalition to Abolish the Death Penalty 's annual conference over the weekend in Louisville .
Brown was joined by a conservative minister , the Rev. Matt Randles of Headwaters Coventant Church in Helena , Mont. , and Heather Hass , a former National Republican Congressional Committee staffer .
They walked fellow activists through how to make their case to others about the anti-death penalty movement .
Shari Silberstein , executive director of Equal Justice USA , a Brooklyn , N.Y. - based anti-death penalty organization , said working with conservatives is about common sense and common ground .
" It 's not really an ideological question , " Silberstein said .
The effort has been backed by Richard Viguerie , a fundraiser and activist considered the father of the modern conservative movement .
Viguerie , in a July 2009 essay in Sojourners magazine , wrote that executions are supposed to take the life of the guilty -- but noted there are enough flaws in the system to fear an innocent person has been put to death .
Viguerie noted that death row inmates have been exonerated by DNA evidence , raising the prospect that prosecutors and juries made mistakes in cases without scientific evidence and in cases that predate the science .
" To conservatives , that should be deemed as immoral as abortion , " Viguerie wrote .
And as lawmakers continue to slash budgets because of the slumping economy , many are wondering whether the price tag of the death penalty and the resulting drawn - out legal process is worthwhile .
The winding series of appeals often runs up huge legal bills for states , which many advocates say is often more expensive than the cost of life imprisonment .
In 2007 , New Jersey and New Mexico became the 14th and 15th states to abolish the death penalty .
Ten other states have considered repealing it in recent years .
Kansas lawmakers have four days of hearings scheduled later this month to consider abolishing executions in the state , based in part on cost .
And a Duke University professor concluded that North Carolina could save $ 11 million a year if it halted the death penalty .
" Criminals should be prosecuted , " Brown said .
" I want it to be life without parole .
In the long run , that 's much cheaper . "
Not all conservatives are open to Brown 's pitch .
Kent Scheidegger , legal director of the Criminal Justice Legal Foundation and an outspoken capital punishment supporter , said most of the costs of a death penalty case come from " exhaustive investigation " of the defendant 's background and should be cut out .
" I think those who are falling for this line are misguided , " Scheidegger said .
" The death penalty does not need to cost more than life imprisonment . "
While there are no hard numbers on how many conservatives have joined the anti-capital punishment campaign , those involved say it 's a growing movement .
" I am so sick of American polarizing politics , " said Laura Porter , director of organizing for the Equal Justice USA .
" I think we all have a lot more in common than is ever acknowledged . "
Brown knows not everyone will agree with him , but he and other death penalty opponents are willing to take small gains .
" There are some people I 'm not going to convince , " Brown said .
" That 's all right .
I 'm not trying to win over the world . "
------------
On the Web : http://www.ncadp.org/
© Copyright 2010 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
IT WAS one small movement for a royal finger — but it started a power station of a sort that has never been tried before .
On November 24th , when Princess Mette - Marit of Norway pressed the red button , pumps started to hum , pressing freshwater from a river and saltwater from the nearby Skagerrak through an array of white steel cylinders .
Then a turbine began to run inside a small , redbrick hall at Tofte , a few kilometres south - west of Oslo , and electric current emerged .
The power in question was generated by osmosis .
This is the tendency for water to pass through a membrane separating a weak solution from a strong one .
This causes a build - up of pressure on one side of the membrane .
The Tofte experimental power station exploits this pressure .
According to Statkraft , the company that owns the station , the pressure generated by water passing across the membrane from the fresh stream to the salty one is equivalent to a head of 120 metres of water — a sizeable hydroelectric plant .
The membrane that can withstand such force is made of polyester , polysulfone and polyamide and is held within the white steel cylinders .
Some of the resulting pressure is used to keep the pumps running .
The rest turns a turbine .
Devising a suitable membrane — tough enough to withstand the pressure while remaining permeable to water but not to salt — is harder than it sounds .
It took researchers at the GKSS Institute , near Hamburg , a decade to do it .
At the moment the membranes at Tofte put out one watt per square metre .
For the technology to be commercially viable , that would have to be increased to five .
According to Anja Car , the project 's manager at GKSS , that will be possible in the laboratory but not , yet , in applications the size of a power station .
Nevertheless Statkraft hopes to build a commercial osmotic plant by 2015 , and to follow it with others .
The firm thinks that up to 10 % of Norway 's electricity could be generated this way .
Nor is Statkraft alone in its line of thinking .
Since 2001 a Dutch company called KEMA has been working on an osmotic power plant that uses a different approach , reverse electrodialysis .
In this case it is not water that passes through the membrane , but the sodium and chloride ions of which salt is composed .
This actually requires two different sorts of membrane , one for each ion , which make the process more complicated than Statkraft's .
Nevertheless Kees van den Ende , the reverse - electrodialysis project manager at KEMA , thinks his process has some advantages over the Norwegian way ( which is known , technically , as pressure - retarded osmosis ) .
For one thing , it operates at lower pressure .
For another , the actual passage of the ions ( which are electrically charged atoms ) creates the current , so no turbine is required .
The disadvantage is that reverse electrodialysis produces direct current , whereas the world runs mostly on alternating current .
Transforming one into the other wastes energy .
KEMA has two possible sites for its first electrodialysis plant .
One is the Closure Dyke in the Netherlands and the other is between the Dead Sea and the Red Sea .
Tofte is , at least , up and running — although it does , perhaps , need to become a little more powerful .
At the moment the world 's first osmotic plant produces just enough power to make a cup of tea .
Nine species of giant , exotic snakes will face new import and transportation restrictions if regulations under consideration by the Interior Department are enacted .
The snakes would be listed as " injurious species " under the Lacey Act , a law first established in 1900 that gives the Interior Department the ability to restrict some aspects of commercial distribution of potentially harmful plants and animals .
" The Burmese python and these other alien snakes are destroying some of our nation ’s most treasured – and most fragile – ecosystems , ” Interior Secretary Ken Salazar said in a statement .
“ The Interior Department and states such as Florida are taking swift and common - sense action to control and eliminate the populations of these snakes , but it is an uphill battle in ecosystems where they have no natural predators .
If we are going to succeed , we must shut down the importation of the snakes and end the interstate commerce and transportation of them . ”
The new regulations come after the the U.S. Geological Survey published an assessment of the risk posed by exotic snakes to native ecosystems .
That 300 - page study found that the snakes could put 150 endangered species at further risk if they continued to be released into the wild .
While not an outright ban on the snakes — pet owners could still keep them and buy them from in - state sources — they could reduce the number of snakes on the market .
That will likely drive up the prices for the snakes .
And that 's exactly the point , said USGS zoologist Gordon Rodda , who co-led the study .
" It probably will have the effect of driving up the price somewhat .
From the standpoint of unwanted pets being released , that 's actually a very good thing , " Rodda told Wired.com .
" People are dumping the animals because they are not worth anything , so if you make them more valuable , then they are less inclined to be released . "
In other words , by restricting cheap foreign snake imports , the Interior Department hopes to raise price of " used " snakes .
It 's a market - based mechanism for changing the behavior of pet owners .
But , Rodda noted , the new regulations wo n't do anything to address the populations of snakes that are already established .
" This really only addresses the prevention of future problems , it 's certainly not air tight , " he said .
" There are still going to be tens of thousands of these animals around , some of which will escape or be released . "
Individual animals can be a nuisance , but it 's reproducing populations that are the big problem .
Three species have established breeding populations in the United States : Burmese pythons , boa constrictors and Northern African pythons .
All the known populations are in south Florida .
How a few scattered individuals released far from each other in time and space find each other and begin to breed is a major outstanding research question .
Indeed , it seems downright improbable .
" It takes an unusual confluence of events , and because it 's a rare event , it makes the science a little complicated , " Rodda said .
Establishing a new population of non-native animals can be difficult even when humans are trying to do it .
In the early 1890s , a group called the American Acclimatization Society engaged in a project to introduce every bird mentioned by Shakespeare into New York .
The starlings they released had colonized the entire American continent by 1950 , but it took several releases to get the original colony established .
" They brought them over many times before it actually worked , " Rodda said .
" It was n't just one or two birds , either ; they brought a whole bunch . "
Nonetheless , we know that humans have somehow created populations of snakes accidentally .
The key may be that it does n't actually take many animals to create a new population .
After World War II , the brown tree snake was accidentally introduced into Guam .
Over the last 50 years , the species has overrun the island , killing off native species and seriously damaging the native ecosystem .
Mitochondrial DNA analysis has found that all those rampaging snakes are the offspring of a single female , Rodda said .
* Image : Burmese python ( Python molurus ) .
Roy Wood / National Park Service .
*
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .
We ’ve enjoyed the previews from V ’s first - ever forthcoming “ Size Issue ” that have leaked over the past few weeks .
V has always been one of our favorite fashion magazines , and though the new editorials have been fun to look at , as always , it ’s hard not to view the issue as a publicity stunt .
So far the spreads unveiled have only featured either very thin or very large girls .
Publicity ploy or not , the issue has put the topic of model size back into debate .
An agent in Ford ’s plus - size division , naturally , is just jazzed about the issue .
“ I am thrilled when I see these pictures , ” says Dakin .
“ Firstly , it shows that these girls can work with great photographers and amazing magazines like V and be taken more seriously for the work they do .
For my girls , it means that the word ‘ plus ’ can — hopefully — go away soon since they are now working in every major magazine in the world . ”
And for him , it means his girls are getting more work .
A London stylist who did not want to be named shared her thoughts on the issue with the Telegraph .
“ It ’s such an extreme response to the size - zero hoopla .
“ I think all women want to see images of healthy girls , not women who are emaciated .
But , realistically I do n’t think many women aspire to be a size 18 , either .
I do n’t think using outsize models is really the way to change perceptions — it ’s just an extreme volt - face .
“ I am sure [ British knitwear designer ]
Mark Fast only had good intentions when he put larger girls in his skimpy , spidery knits [ last year ] .
But , really , all I thought when I saw the girls in the clothes is that it looked ridiculous . ”
Fast ’s show would n’t have gotten the same publicity without those girls .
And of course big can be beautiful — the industry has shown us that in many ways for years .
But can average girls be beautiful , too ?
If designers used normal - size 6 or 8 girls in shows and magazines shot them for editorials , would it receive the same publicity ?
Or perhaps not , because the difference would n’t be striking enough to warrant it ?
Curvy models : is this the shape of things to come ?
[ Telegraph UK ]
Related : Karl Lagerfeld Shot a Big Girl for V’s Size Issue
Gabourey Sidibe and Dakota Fanning Cover V’s Size Issue
It Would n’t Be a ‘ Size ’ Issue If the Plus - Size Models Were n’t Naked
V Magazine Pits a Plus - Size Model Against a Skinny One
I see too many students who are :
Primarily focused on their own emotions — on the primacy of their " feelings " — rather than on analysis supported by evidence .
Uncertain what constitutes reliable evidence , thus tending to use the most easily found sources uncritically .
Convinced that no opinion is worth more than another :
All views are equal .
Unable to follow or make a sustained argument .
Increasingly interested in the social and athletic above the academic , while " needing " to receive very high grades .
Not really embarrassed at their lack of knowledge and skills .
Certain that any academic failure is the fault of the professor rather than the student .
Deciding to end his career early , Thomas H. Benton spoke honestly about the state of current students -- reflecting , in turn , the mentality of the moderns :
And this , my friends , is the end result of 1789 .
When we declare context to be irrelevant , and ourselves to the ends toward which civilization is a means , we divide every society into as many tiny semi- autonomous nations as it has people .
There is no unity .
In fact , anything that requires us to bend our minds to reality is frowned upon , because we 'd rather do otherwise ( anyone else think of Melville 's arch - parasite Bartleby the Scrivener ? ) .
With liberalism , or focus on the human individual , comes the legitimization of the denial of reality -- and from that comes our modern narcissism and solipsism .
We choose to believe the world is part of us , or originates in us , and so we can simply prefer to ignore certain facts and tendencies .
Opinions , feelings , social connections and advertising take precedence over realistic pragmatism and realism in the scientific method sense of paying attention to reality and figuring out how it works .
Of course , Christopher Lasch predicted this in his excellent booknearly forty years ago , and Ted Kaczynski alludes to it in , and Plato outlines it in Chapter 8 of , while Nietzsche describes its originating psychology -- removing truth from a correspondence to reality -- in But still our people resist the idea .
Total individualism , which was the liberal revolution from 1789 - 1968 , causes us to become shallow materialists , greedy capitalists , ignorant polluters , media sheep who believe whatever 's convenient , solipsists who deny others exist , selfish drivers who ignore the process of getting everyone there on time in favor of lazy oblivion , narcissists and reality denial fiends .
Liberalism causes every problem it claims to solve through this mechanism .
But still our people resist -- because , of course , to see this problem makes us to blame , instead of continuing to blame big corporations , Hitler , Jesus , government , CIA , UFOs , etc .
I can accept the Ring mixing up Devon with Chuck based solely on the events of the previous episode , but the classic Chuck plot hole of a contained situation bothered me the most .
Nobody tells anyone anything , so even if an agent of Fulcrum or the Ring makes the discovery of the century , the information does n't get out until the heroes either kill or capture them .
Agent Shaw ( Brandon Routh ) explains away , saying that the Ring is decentralized .
Nice cop out .
This time , a Ring agent named Sydney ( Angie Harmon ) is certain Captain Awesome is a CIA spy , so she forces him to do a mission for him , letting him walk off without keeping track of him .
This lets him go to Chuck , Sarah , and Casey for help which leads to her demise .
Chuck is suppose to be a funny action show , but I would like to see some intelligence on the part of the villains .
Since this is the third season , the writers seem to have made up their mind on the matter ; the villains will always be stupid .
Intersect 2.0 has n't made as much as difference on the show as the changing role of Chuck .
He still can't harness the true powers of it , so it is used for comedic purposes ( speaking in Cantonese , kicking Lester ) .
With his spy training and newfound convictions , Chuck takes command , guiding Captain Awesome as Sarah once guided him , even taking out a few guys on his own .
While he certainly is n't on the level of Casey or Sarah , there is a definitive direction the writers are taking him .
He 's slowly being more assertive , taking charge of situations and making some rash decisions .
The mix of wanting to protect his family and friends , and using his abilities as a spy has made Chuck take chances , and he only succeeds half the time .
He manages to break into the CIA building for Devon quite easily , tranquing ( yes , that 's a word ) several guards , but fails miserably once Sydney and her henchmen go to the Buy More .
Adding
Shaw to the show is going to change the dynamic of the team , which could use a mix up .
From what I know , he 's the prototypical spy with good looks , and not a single attachment in the world .
I was shocked when he pulled his gun on Sarah and Casey .
He does n't like guns and that automatically puts him at odds with Casey , but other than that , he seems very average .
At the end of the episode , we see that as he spies on Chuck , his family , and friends eating dinner , he takes out a wedding ring and puts it on .
The first three episodes of the season were fairly heavy on the Sarah / Chuck mess , so I was relieved there was n't more of that ( read previous reviews for explanation ) .
Shaw states that family and friends make spies vulnerable , and looks to Sarah for affirmation , who disagrees saying that sometimes it helps to have something to lose .
In 10 seconds , the scene explained the feelings between Sarah and Chuck that are still there -- something usually done in a long - winded discussion .
The Buy More antics were nonexistent in the last episode , but we got a full dose of our favorite band of nerds this week .
Big Mike promotes Morgan to assistant manager , making him the new Ass Man .
In an instant , he goes from being friends with the employees to their enemy .
Lester , after receiving a kick from Chuck , feels alive again , and creates the Buy More Fight Club .
This puts him at odds with Morgan who still wants to be friends .
Jeff destroying people in the cage was a total hoot .
Here 's this guy that does n't fully have everything straight in his head , and he 's just beating on his coworkers until they 're black and blue .
Meanwhile , Lester is the cool guy with the glasses standing there in charge of the situation .
Morgan learns from Big Mike not to take shit from the employees and takes decisive action for once , firing Lester .
But then he shows his nice side , rehiring Lester as a probationary employee .
It 'll be fun to see how Morgan deals with his new position as Ass Man and his new underlings .
I love the camera angle that looks like it's from the perspective of the person who 's being spoken to .
It adds an immediate goofiness to the scene .
Ellie and Awesome 's facial expressions become more pronounced , adding to the humor of the situation .
It also does n't hurt that Chuck is doing crazy hand motions in the background .
This season is shaping up nicely , and I know there are people out there that do n't like the loss of innocent Chuck , but I like the continued character development where Chuck is n't helpful anymore and can do things on his own .
I 'm sure Shaw will bump heads with Team Bartowski in more ways than one , so I 'm looking forward to what 's coming .
Score : 9.2/10
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
Here ’s a guest post from Rodale Institute CEO Tim LaSalle .
Tom Philpott is right to highlight the tremendous ecological debt we ’ve built up by depending on nitrogen fertilizer to run our crop production system .
Depending on mined and fossil - fuel produced nitrogen for our food is no more sustainable than depending on peaking oil and mountain - top removed coal for our energy .
There ’s no more “ cheap ” food and fuel , because , really , there never was .
The huge irony — currently obscured by the psychological jolt of widespread shortages of food and fuel — is that we were just learning of how not cheap industrial food has been :
1 . The Pew Foundation report on industrial livestock production tells the U.S. public that environmental , human health , and livestock treatment short - cuts that made factory farming seem like such a sweet way to get cheap protein simply ca n’t go on .
2 . A global collection of analysts concluded earlier this year that “ advanced ” farming using high - production technologies has failed to account for the resulting human and environmental costs .
Place - specific improvements must take into account traditional wisdom , social implications , and basic water and biodiversity impacts , said the International Assessment of Agricultural Knowledge , Science and Technology for Development ( IAASTD ) .
3 . Even after years of cajoling , state regulating , and badgering by environmentalists , the more than 40,000 Pennsylvania farms located within the Chesapeake Bay watershed discharge 46 percent of the nitrogen and 58 percent of the phosphorus in these waterways .
They ’re facing stronger regulation , but no new paradigm of how to produce the crops and meat their buyers demand .
Regenerative organic farming does not use synthetic chemical fertilizer — a product without residual benefit — depending instead on a biologically vibrant soil ecosystem that makes timed - release nitrogen available to crops .
Important parts of this system are :
Legume crops that interact synergistically with specific soil bacteria to convert free nitrogen from the atmosphere into forms that crops can utilize ;
Crop rotations to balance fertility needs from year to year ;
Cover crops which are incorporated into field surface to increase soil organic matter ;
Compost ( made from crop residue , animal manures , and other organic matter ) as a soil amendment to improve soil health and biological activity .
It ’s like Thomas Friedman said recently of the “ big idea ” to suspend the 18.4 - cent - per - gallon gasoline tax this summer : “ [ This ] proposal is a reminder to me that the biggest energy crisis we have in our country today is the energy to be serious — the energy to do big things in a sustained , focused and intelligent way .
We are in the midst of a national political brownout . ”
We , as a country , have not yet begun to fight for a more sane way to grow the food we need to feed ourselves and to have our farms prosper .
The crisis of nitrogen fertilizer supply and affordability is real , but the biggest part of the answer is not to haul or manufacture tons more to support our corn habit , but to simply ask :
What food and feed crops would do better on the fertility we can grow in ways that improve soil , do n’t pollute as much , and keep lots more carbon in the soil that non-organic methods ?
The Threadscope program allows us to debug the parallel performance of Haskell programs .
Using Threadscope we can check to see that work is well balanced across the available processors and spot performance issues relating to garbage collection or poor load balancing .
The main page for ThreadScope has moved : http://www.haskell.org/haskellwiki/ThreadScope
A subjective interpretation of hostility between entities in a Capitalist Society December 21 , 2009
I wanted to write this article because for one thing I have n’t been active on this blog as I should and also because I ’ve been thinking about this particular subject for a long time , especially since I opted for a world - view that I currently hold .
This is not scholarship , a thesis , or a standard theory that I am trying to create ; rather , this is just a commentary that I hope to shed light on since it relates to the Modern World as a whole but also because it ’s highly reflective of the area I live in .
Writing in the form of a commentary allows more freedom of expression and intellectual activity but at the same time it lacks any objective credibility in the eyes of 3rd parties because it does n’t appeal or point to outside reference points or 1st person sources .
Though I do n’t use any sort of references like this in the article I will say that my personal influences are Stoicism , Neoplatonism , Nouvelle Droite , Julius Evola , and other intellectual forces and those influences will manifest themselves in particular ways in this article .
I do highly recommend you read about my influences and look no further then the links that are to the right in this blog .
Without further ado , here are my reflections .
The beginnings of hostility
Hostility , in a general sense , can be a position , emotion , idea , and view that sets itself in opposition to another position , emotion , idea , and view .
The opposition does n’t necessarily have to be embodied in any entity ( human , cat , horse , spider , etc. ) but can be inherent within the oppositional view itself ; for example :
View A : Abortion is wrong because you ’re murdering a fetus that has a soul and has inherent worth .
Opposition to View A : Abortion is not wrong because a fetus is still a part of the woman and the woman should have a right to get rid of a “ thing ” in her body she does n’t want .
The soul is also “ non-existent ” and therefore does not have inherent worth .
This is just one of many examples of oppositional views that are inherent in the Cosmos and especially more narrowly in society itself .
Every view that is upheld always has an oppositional view that is directly opposite of it .
Hostility is the manifestation of that opposition at various levels of intensity and degree .
For this example , I am going to use a measurement of this hostility in 3 levels that in a sense corresponds to real world degrees of manifestation but it not necessarily an absolute measurement but just a way to systematize it .
A and B disagree about view C ; A is for C and B is against C .
Level 1 manifestation of hostility
A and B disagree about C but still communicate and correspond with one another and they never let C be a subject of discussion between them .
Level 2 manifestation of hostility
A and B disagree about C and in turn stay away from each other and cease all communication and correspondence .
Level 3 manifestation of hostility
A and B disagree about C and in turn look to overpower , submit , eliminate on another .
In a sense go to war with one another .
This is the nature of the cosmos itself and this view has many forms and manifestations in the philosophies of the Orient and Occident , Lao Zhu and Heraclitus , respectively , mentions this in their respective philosophies .
An opposite is already manifested in relation to every entity before existence itself is actualized .
Another example :
A lion seeks to kill a gazelle and the gazelle seeks to prevent its elimination .
The lion does n’t rationalize or seek to systematize why he acts in this manner but it is inherent in his behavior .
Hence , it is prior to its existence or else it could never come to manifestation .
Overcoming of hostility
An entity will seek to overcome hostility by a variety of means ; by a dialectic process that involves both oppositional forces that in turn will create a 3rd force , a synthesis ; an overpowering and submission of one force by another ; a submission of one force to another ; and the most fluid of them all , a unification of one force to another because of inherent unity between two forces .
The 1st and 4th means to an overcoming is the process of culture , race , ethnicity , commonalities , and consubstantiality itself .
The 2nd and 3rd means is a process of warfare and violence itself ; this is the process that is manifested to a high degree in a capitalist society itself .
Capitalism and its manifestation
Capitalism is an economic system which derives from the Enlightenment and in turn informs and influences the participants that live within the system .
The Enlightenment posited man as an abstract with inherent universal qualities as the starting point for its manifestation in the temporal world .
The universal qualities it seek to impose on man from the start is that man is a self - interested creature that seeks its own good and is endowed with natural reason from the start .
Culture and ethnicity to them are just “ accidents ” and do not have any importance in their conceptions and philosophy .
Since Capitalism manifests itself all these presuppositions of man , the participants in Capitalism will manifest these qualities in turn .
The Enlightenment is a falsity from the start because it creates a system out of abstraction and those manifestations that philosophers of the Enlightenment witnessed were ones that were infused by their own system .
In fact English society , which a good portion of Enlightenment thought came from , manifested qualities that were pseudo - Capitalistic and Liberal which led to the universal abstraction of these values onto all humans and peoples around the world .
The Anglo - Saxons themselves already lived in a culture of small government , individualism , and commerce that “ laid the ground ” for the Enlightenment itself .
From this chain of causality Capitalism and Liberalism in its various manifestations came into fruition .
Hence a “ culture ” , system , and environment was developed that reflected these qualities and in turn qualified the participants in a mode of operation that corresponds with the environment .
Manifestations of hostility within Capitalist Society
In a specific sense , this relates to American society but in a narrower sense , Southern California .
The Enlightenment itself , when taken to a logical conclusion , manifests a society where culture , ethnicity , and in extreme forms , race , is seen as a non-factor and that individual gain and supremacy is the ultimate , albeit within a system of boundaries , laws , and other edicts that within themselves are Enlightenment based .
Individuals are the real foundation of a capitalistic society and relationships are reduced to contracts , formal alliances , passing gestures , and superficial leanings .
In this environment , individuals are “ atomized ” and the system is only structured by “ universal ” abstractions , a “ culture ” of individualism , and a market economy that participants have no choice but to participate in because it ’s inherent within the system ; alternative systems can be created but that will be for another article .
The unifying principles that are not inherent within the system itself will be sought after through other channels : i.e. subcultures , common interests , race , ethnicity , culture , philosophy , etc .
These principles will be held by various networks within the larger Capitalistic system and because the market economy itself is based on “ competition ” between various actors and groups , these differentiated groups and participants will be opposed to one another because of the amplification of “ competition ” , which is really just a euphemism for warfare .
Here is a good example :
Participant A likes Death Metal and hates Rap .
Participant A finds a network of participants that share in his fondness for Death Metal and hatred of rap ; this network is Group A .
Participant B likes Rap and hates Death Metal .
Participant B finds a network of participants that share in his fondness for Rap and hatred of Death Metal ; this network is Group B .
Group A and Group B live in a town that is part of the Capitalistic system .
The town is not defined by any common , unifying principles ( race , ethnicity , culture ) that infuse the members of the town .
Group A and Group B are not unified by any principles they both share in .
Group A and Group B are hostile to one another based on the opposition that both groups carry .
In Capitalism , groups , participants , networks , and other entities live in different realities from one another which in turn ceases any unity between these social forces .
These “ realities ” inform , nourish , influence , potentialize the actions and directions of these different social forces .
These social forces , because they follow different world - views , can not share in the same reality with one another and because there is no underlying unifying principles between them their will be a level of hostility between them .
Liberalism actually seeks to create a unifying system that prevents differentiated social forces to come at war within one another but because Liberalism is qualified by chaos within it ’s principles , i.e. individualism , multiculturalism , market competition , distrust of ethnocentric doctrines , etc. , chaos has no choice but to manifest itself within reality .
Alienation between these two forces creates an environment that is , at different levels , chaotic .
Another example :
Group A has a world - view where Concept A is a supreme principle .
Group B has no understanding of Concept A , which in turn is utterly alien to Group B .
Within this alienation of understanding , Group B has no choice but to have an interpretation of Concept A .
Within the interpretation , there is a hostility to Concept A that Group A sees as absurd in turn is opposed to that interpretation .
Since there is no unifying principles ( race , ethnicity , culture , religion , philosophy ) between these groups then there is opposition between them , which is a result of chaos within the Liberal system where abstractions take precedence over real unity .
This chaos is typical of the Modern World and in a narrower sense to Southern California and it should n’t be a surprise for the population why there is so much tension , angst , misrepresentations , misinterpretations , crime , conflict , hostility , and chaos itself in the region .
Southern California , as a region , is not qualified by any transcendental principles which all members look towards ; Christianity is manifested in different forms and denominations ; Islam is making a presence in the region ; a good portion of the population has no transcendental principles or philosophy that they hold onto ; alienation is created between these groups , chaos in turn is the underlying principle of this region as a whole .
With many different races , ethnicities , and cultures inhabiting a specific region , all these unified groups are in many different manifestations going to be alien to one another .
It can be seen in the tension and nervousness of differentiated participants when they exchange correspondence and communication ; their world - views do not correspond to one another .
Another example :
Participant A and participant B exchange a monetary transaction at a restaurant .
Participant A believes in world - view C and Participant B believes in world - view D .
C and D will be manifested through various actions and behavioral traits .
Participant A and participant B will interpret these manifestation differently because their world - views do not correspond to one another .
These interpretations will create a sense of confusion and misunderstanding between Participant A and B .
A synthesis can occur but because there is many disunities between the participants the synthesis itself will be interpreted differently by the participants .
A unified interpretation of the Cosmos , with race , ethnicity , and culture as underlying factors , will mitigate and modify the conflicts that are manifested between participants because the degree of correspondences and manifestations will be able to unify with another and synthesize with one another .
Greater degrees of unity and synthesization will be actualized as the commonalities are more in common between participants within any environment that is not marked by chaos but by order .
In this example I will use 4 manifestations of unity as measurements : Race , Ethnicity , Religion , and Taste .
Race will be A
thnicity will be B
Religion will be C
Taste will be D
Participants will be E and F
E and F share A , B, C, D=Unity is the greatest
E and F share A , B , C but not D=Unity is great
E and F share A and B but not C and D=Unity is less
E and F share A but not B , C , and D=Unity is lesser
E and F do not share A , B , C , D=Unity is non-existent
If E and F have no unity than synthesis will be non-existent because there is not a unifying system that both participants share and agree on and therefore make oppositional forces contained within an ordered , dialectical process .
The degrees of participation between entities in opposition and unity in the Cosmos is differentiated at greater and lesser levels .
By bringing oppositional forces into a unified , integrated world - view with underlying principles that unite participants in the highest degree of manifestation this will allow creative energy , synthetic creations , and many more manifestations to be harnessed and nourished by the participants .
By bringing participants into an environment where oppositional forces are given free rein and where chaos is the foundation for the environment then the participants will be in constant opposition through their actions with one another and synthesis and creative power is weakened and in some cases , non-existent .
Conclusion
Unity is something that is inherent and something that is sought for and realized through entities with one another .
Hostility is the creation of alienation between forces that do not share a unifying principle .
Capitalism itself is an environment , system , ideology that infuses hostility between participants because of the underlying principles that make the system itself .
By living in an environment where hostility is manifested more abruptly and underlying order is lost then the environment itself manifests chaos and derision within many of the facets .
This is the Modern World , this is what I am opposed to .
Is a Nice Muslim a Good Muslim ?
After a murderous jihad at Fort Hood or the Christmas day airplane bombing attempt , did you hear : " Of course , not all Muslims are bad ? "
That brings up the question of how do you even tell if a Muslim is bad ?
Or good ?
First off , what is a Muslim ?
A Muslim is a person who follows the doctrine of Islam .
When that same person , does something that does not follow the doctrine of Islam , they are not a Muslim .
The common idea is that anyone who says that they are a Muslim has their every action and word dictated by Islam .
Put another way , every Muslim is seen as perfect follower of Islam at all times and circumstances .
However , the truth is that a " Muslim " is not always a Muslim .
When they do not follow Islamic doctrine , they are no longer a Muslim , but are a kafir ( non-Muslim ) .
Now , how do we know if a Muslim is good or bad ?
If they are following the Koran and the Sunna ( the perfect example of Mohammed ) , they are a good Muslim .
If they do n't follow the doctrine , then they are not a Muslim .
That means that from the stand point of Islam there is no such thing as a good or bad Muslim .
You either are a Muslim or you are not .
When anyone follows the Koran and the Sunna , they are Muslim .
When anyone does not follow the doctrine of Islam then they are a kafir .
This means that a person called a Muslim has two modes of being - Muslim and kafir , or kafir - Muslim .
The same person can be a Muslim in one moment and a kafir in the next .
What do kafirs mean by a good Muslim ?
Simple , the same way we judge all other people as good and bad - the Golden Rule .
Do they follow the Golden Rule when they are with us ?
If so , then they are a good person .
Since the Koran and the Sunna do not have the Golden Rule , how are Muslims to treat us ?
Islamic doctrine lays out an alternative to the Golden Rule .
Those who do not believe Mohammed are kafirs , and kafirs are treated differently from Muslims .
Islamic doctrine says a great deal about the kafir .
Most of the Koran is about kafirs , 61 % , only 39 % is about Muslims .
About 20 % of the Hadith is about kafirs and 98 % of the Sira is about kafirs .
Mohammed was fixated on kafirs and annihilated every kafir by violence , exile or conversion .
When Mohammed died , there was not a person alive in Arabia who would argue with him .
Mohammed 's actions are pure Islam ; therefore , annihilating kafirs and kafir culture is pure Islam .
A Muslim has to be , in some way , in some form of action , eliminating kafirs and their world .
The action against kafirs is jihad .
There are four flavors of jihad and murder is only one .
Deception , conversation , articles and TV appearances can be jihad of speech and writing .
There is always the option of giving to an Islamic charity , since one of the Koranic uses of charity is jihad .
Every Muslim believes that all nonbelievers are kafirs .
The Koran says that kafirs may be hated , plotted against , deceived , murdered , raped , enslaved , mocked and tortured .
All of those actions are Islam and perfect doctrine .
When a person is being a good Muslim , they are following Islam and that means that you are a kafir .
Hate , deception , murder , mockery and torture are bad for kafirs , but good for Muslims .
Kafirs are pure other .
Muslims treat other Muslims as brothers and sisters , but they can treat a kafir well or they can treat them as less than an animal .
Islam has dualistic ethics , one set of rules for Muslims and another set of rules for kafirs .
Dualism is bad .
When a Muslim practices dualism , they are bad .
There is no good in Islam for a kafir and therefore , there is no good in a Muslim for a kafir .
Does this mean that the Muslim at work is bad ?
Yes , when they are following the doctrine of Islam .
Whenever they are not following Islam , that person can be as good as any other .
It is not about people , but about doctrine .
It is the doctrine of Islam to be bad to kafirs .
When anyone is practicing Islam around a kafir they must be bad , since Mohammed was never good to kafirs .
Wait !
What about the nice , pious Muslim at work ?
He is good , is n't he ?
Is he nice because of the Golden Rule or is he practicing the Sunna of the charming Mohammed we find in the early Meccan days ?
Mohammed could be very polite with kafirs , however , if charm did not work , then other methods were used .
Islam is a process of increasing force that can start out pleasantly .
We are left with an ethical confusion around any Muslim .
They can seem pleasant , but nothing changes the fact that they see Mohammed as the perfect person to imitate .
Nothing changes the fact that we are kafirs .
Kafir is the worst word in the human language .
Whom are we to believe - the Muslim at work or Mohammed ?
Every Muslim wants to imitate Mohammed ; every Muslim is a Mohammedan .
The problem is that Mohammed annihilated every kafir he ever met .
It was a process .
The process started out nice and when nice did not work , it ended in annihilation of the kafir .
In Islam , nice is the beginning of bad for the kafir .
So how do you tell if a nice Muslim is good or bad ?
From the kafir point - of - view , there is only the fact that a Muslim is following Mohammed 's example .
And that is bad , very bad .
Bill Warner is a scholar and author on Islam .
This article appeared in the Political Islam blog .
A little while ago I wrote a tiny little crawler , at the time I promised myself that having dabbled in crawling I would also cover searching , indexing and other web - search related activities .
Little did I know back then just how sparse my knowledge in the area actually was , although some of the comments I received regarding the limitations of my crawler should have probably clued me in :) .
I ca n’t rightly say that I am an expert now , but I did learn a little bit in the last few months , enough to know just how complex this area can be .
Regardless , I feel that I have reached a milestone in that I can now write about search without making a complete idiot out of myself ( I hope : ) ) , which means it is time to fulfill that promise I made to myself .
I ’d actually love to cover the ins and outs of writing a big - boy crawler , but that ’s a story for another post , for the moment I ’ll begin with the fundamentals :
some basic terminology for you to throw around at parties
the anatomy of a basic index , the fundamental underpinning of any search engine
Why Index ?
Wherever we find a search engine , we also find a set of documents .
You ’re lucky if your set is small , but if it is small enough you can probably scan it by hand .
If you need a search engine , chances are your document collection is big and if you ’re looking at writing a search engine for the web , it is very , very big .
It is ludicrous to expect a search engine to scan all the documents every time you do a query , it would take forever .
To make your queries fast and efficient a search engine will pre-process the documents and create an index .
The Heart Of Every Search Engine
At the core of every modern search engine is an inverted index , this is a standard term the reason for which will become clear shortly .
The most basic thing we want to do is be able to quickly tell if a word occurs in any of the documents in our collection .
We can assign a set of ids to our documents and then associate all the words that occur in a particular document with it ’s id , this is rather inefficient for obvious reasons ( duplicate words and all ) .
Instead we invert the concept .
We take all the words / terms that occur in all the documents in our collection – this is called a vocabulary ( also standard terminology ) – we then map each term to a set of document ids it occurs in .
Each document id is called a posting and a set of document ids is a postings list .
So , the most basic inverted index is a dictionary of terms each of which is associated with a postings list .
It goes without saying that an inverted index is built in advance to support future queries .
On the surface this is done in a manner you would expect :
go through all the documents , assign each an id and tokenize each one for words
process all the tokens ( linguistic processing ) , to produce a list of normalized tokens
for each token create a postings list , i.e. a list of document ids it occurs in
Of course those 3 simple steps hide infinite layers of complexity .
What we want to end up with is a sorted list of terms each of which is associated with a list of document ids .
We can also start storing some extra info even with this basic inverted index , such as the document frequency for each term ( how many documents the term occurs in ) .
This extra information will eventually become useful when we want to rank our search results .
Let ’s Play With Some Code
Too much theory without any practice would be cruel and unusual considering we ’re hardcore developer types , so a good exercise at this point would be to construct a small inverted index given a set of documents , to help crystallize the concepts .
A small set ( 2 - 3 docs ) is best so that results can be visually checked .
Here is my 10 minute attempt in ruby ( it actually took longer but it should have taken 10 minutes , need more skillz :) ) .
Before we begin the indexing we pre-process out documents to produce a dictionary of terms , while at the same time retaining the document ids for each term :
```ruby require ‘ ostruct ’
documents = [ “ the quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog while carrying a chicken and ran away ” , “ a fox and a dog can never be friends a fox and a cat is a different matter brown or otherwise ” , “ i do n’t have a dog as i am not really a dog person but i do have a cat it ran away but came back by itself ” ]
def pre_process_documents ( documents ) dictionary= [ ]
documents.each_with_index do |document , index| document.split.each do |word| record = OpenStruct.new record.term = word record .
doc_id = index dictionary << record end end sort_initial_dictionary dictionary end
def sort_initial_dictionary ( dictionary ) dictionary .sort do |record1 , record2 | record1.term <=> record2.term end end
initial_dictionary = pre_process_documents documents```
Some things to note for this phase are :
the documents we are indexing live in an in - memory array , in real life they would live on disk or on the web or whatever , but I did n’t bother with that – for simplicity
the ids that are assigned to the documents are simply a sequence which is assigned to a document as we encounter it for the first time , in our case we make do with an array index , this is infact analogous to how a real search engine index would do this
we did n’t really have to sort in this initial phase , but sorting makes me happy so there
We are now ready to begin constructing our inverted index :
```ruby def index( dictionary ) inverted_index_hash = {} dictionary .each do | record| postings_list = inverted_index_hash[record.term ] || [ ] postings_list << record.doc_id inverted_index_hash[record.term ] = postings_list.sort.uniq end finalize_index inverted_index_hash.sort
end
def finalize_index index final_inverted_index = [ ] index.each do |term_array| final_record = OpenStruct.new final_record.term = term_array [ 0 ] final_record.postings = term_array [ 1 ] final_record.frequency = term_array [ 1 ] .size final_inverted_index << final_record end final_inverted_index end
final_index = index initial_dictionary```
There are a few more things of note here :
I used a hash to begin constructing my inverted index , which I then converted to an array for the final index , this was done for the sake of simplicity once again , but as you might imagine it is not really optimal , especially as your index gets larger .
I should have been looking at using some sort of balanced binary tree , which would allow me to keep things sorted and allow reasonably quick access after
The postings list was kept in memory together with the term , for a larger index these would probably live on disk and each term in memory would have a reference to the on - disk location of it ’s postings list
After the index is finished I go over it again to compute and store the document frequencies for the terms , this may not be terribly efficient , but it is a lot more efficient than computing these on the fly during query time , the larger your document collection the more the savings add up .
Plus there are many other things we can compute and store at this point to potentially speed up our queries , it is a classic trade - off
All that ’s left to do is print out the final index to make sure everything looks the way we expect .
```ruby def print_index ( index ) index.each do |term_struct| puts “ #{term_struct.term} ( #{term_struct.frequency} ) -> #{term_struct.postings.inspect} ” end end
print_index ( final_index ) ```
This produces the following output :
a ( 3 ) -> [ 0 , 1 , 2 ] am ( 1 ) -> [ 2 ] and ( 2 ) -> [ 0 , 1 ] as ( 1 ) -> [ 2 ] away ( 2 ) -> [ 0 , 2 ] back ( 1 ) -> [ 2 ] be ( 1 ) -> [ 1 ] brown ( 2 ) -> [ 0 , 1 ] but ( 1 ) -> [ 2 ] by ( 1 ) -> [ 2 ] came ( 1 ) -> [ 2 ] can ( 1 ) -> [ 1 ] carrying ( 1 ) -> [ 0 ] cat ( 2 ) -> [ 1 , 2 ] chicken ( 1 ) -> [ 0 ] different ( 1 ) -> [ 1 ] do ( 1 ) -> [ 2 ] dog ( 3 ) -> [ 0 , 1 , 2 ] do n't ( 1 ) -> [ 2 ] fox ( 2 ) -> [ 0 , 1 ] friends ( 1 ) -> [ 1 ] have ( 1 ) -> [ 2 ] i ( 1 ) -> [ 2 ] is ( 1 ) -> [ 1 ] it ( 1 ) -> [ 2 ] itself ( 1 ) -> [ 2 ] jumped ( 1 ) -> [ 0 ] lazy ( 1 ) -> [ 0 ] matter ( 1 ) -> [ 1 ] never ( 1 ) -> [ 1 ] not ( 1 ) -> [ 2 ] or ( 1 ) -> [ 1 ] otherwise ( 1 ) -> [ 1 ] over ( 1 ) -> [ 0 ] person ( 1 ) -> [ 2 ] quick ( 1 ) -> [ 0 ] ran ( 2 ) -> [ 0 , 2 ] really ( 1 ) -> [ 2 ] the ( 1 ) -> [ 0 ] while ( 1 ) -> [ 0 ]
We can visually verify that our index looks correct based on the input ( our initial collection of 3 documents ) .
There are many things we can note about this output , but for the moment only one is significant :
As we can see , most of the words in our index only occur in one document and only a couple occur in all three , this is due to the size of our collection i.e. this is bound to happen when indexing a small number of documents .
If we add more and more documents the postings lists for all the terms will begin to grow ( pretty self - explanatory really ) .
You ’re welcome to go through a similar exercise of constructing an index for some simple documents , it is actually a reasonably decent code kata , if you do I ’d love to hear about it .
If you want something a little bit more involved consider using some real text documents ( rather than contrived ones ) and fetching them from disks .
Avoid using hashes and arrays for the final index , be a real man / woman and use some sort of tree .
Make sure , with your final index , the postings lists live on disk while the dictionary lives in memory and everything still works .
There are quite a number of ways to make the exercise a little bit more complex and interesting ( unless you ’re afraid of a little extra complexity , but then you would n’t be the developer I think you are , we eat extra complexity for breakfast , mmmmm complexity ) .
Of course for a web search engine even the term dictionary is potentially too big to be kept in memory , but we wo n’t get into distributed stuff at this time , that ’s a whole different kettle of fish .
This is a very basic explanation of very basic indexing , but surprisingly enough even Google ’s mighty index is just a much more advanced descendant of just such an inverted index .
I ’ll try and get into how we can give our basic index a little bit more muscle in a later post .
In the meantime if you want to know more about search , information retrieval and other topics along similar vein , here are some resources ( these are the books that I used , so they are all tops :) ) .
For a gentler more mainstream introduction have a look at Programming Collective Intelligence and Collective Intelligence
In Action , but if you want to get straight into the nitty gritty and are not afraid of a little bit of maths try Introduction To Information Retrieval , this one is a textbook though with lots of exercises and references and stuff – you ’ve been warned .
As always , I welcome any comments / questions you might have , even if you just want to say hi :) .
Image by koalazymonkey
Images :
The top image is a traditional helicoid .
The bottom one has a hole in it that would become a handle if the shape were completely untwisted into a flat surface .
( Courtesy of Indiana University )
A twisted soap bubble with a handle ?
If you find that hard to visualize , it 's understandable .
Experts had thought for more than 200 years that such a structure was not even mathematically possible .
But no longer .
In a paper published in the Nov. 15 issue of Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , mathematicians Matthias Weber of Indiana University , David Hoffman of Stanford University , and Michael Wolf of Rice University presented a proof of the existence of a new minimal surface they call a genus one helicoid .
" This proof tells us that our intuition was not quite right about what is possible and what is not possible , " Weber said .
" Probably one reason it was not discovered sooner is that no one imagined that something like this could exist . "
A helicoid is what results when one of the simplest shapes -- a flat plane -- is twisted an infinite number of times .
If the helicoid is vertical , its shape resembles a spiral parking ramp .
The new surface looks much like this traditional helicoid with an extra feature : a handle such as one finds on a coffee mug .
It turns out that on one " floor " of the parking ramp there is an additional column -- the handle .
All minimal surfaces have something important in common : a minimal surface area .
" A minimal surface is formed when the pressure on both sides of a surface is the same , " Weber explained .
" ' For example , when you dip a bent coat hanger into soapy water , the soap bubble that forms on the hanger is a minimal surface . "
These soap bubbles can have various shapes , depending on the shape of the coat hanger , but in every case the bubble is trying to minimize surface tension , he said .
This happens when the bubble has the smallest possible surface area .
At every point , a minimal surface is either flat or shaped like a saddle or a potato chip .
Minimal surfaces are proving to be important at the molecular level .
" Minimal surfaces actually occur in nature at the nanoscale as interfaces between certain substances , " Weber said .
An example is some copolymers that are plastics used to make new kinds of fabrics .
When these copolymers are mixed , there are interfaces between them that are minimal surfaces .
Knowing what these interfaces look like can help in determining what the chemical properties of the mixture will be .
Minimal surfaces are extremely stable as physical objects , Weber pointed out , and this can be an advantage in many kinds of structures .
He has heard from architects who have seen computerized illustrations of some of his minimal surfaces and are intrigued by the possibility of adapting them to structures , both interior and exterior .
He has exchanged information about minimal surfaces with some architects and is exploring ways to collaborate with them .
Calendars are another use for this work , highlighting the aesthetic qualities of minimal surfaces .
These aesthetic qualities are on vivid display in Weber 's computer gallery of minimal surfaces at www.indiana.edu/~minimal/gallery/index/index.html , which shows minimal - surface objects set in imaginary landscapes .
" The images in the gallery are not intended as illustrations of mathematical facts , " Weber said .
" They more than fulfill their purpose if people see them and can feel some of the intriguing enchantment that a mathematician feels when exploring the mathematical objects . "
In a second gallery at www.indiana.edu/~minimal/archive/index.html the pictures do illustrate mathematical facts .
" This is the most comprehensive collection of minimal surfaces available , " Weber said .
" Users can download programs that recreate the surfaces , allowing them to conduct numerical and visual experiments . "
The mathematicians ' complete proof is more than 100 pages long .
The abstract of their report in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences is available at www.pnas.org/cgi/content/abstract/102/46/16566 .
Source : Indiana University
Explore further First look at a sustainable agricultural mulch
