- video encodings still in process -
better a slow buddy than no buddy ....:) ( kinda reminds me of the second game today fra/uru lol )
Hello !
I am still in the middle of Projects and even if I were n’t I ’ve been having some fierce creative block lately .
Please enjoy this special Bartholomew comic that I apparently drew long ago and forgot about .
I think I posted it on Twitter , but maybe most of you have n’t seen it .
The power of feminists is awe inspiring .
Feminists conquered and brainwashed the minds of lawmakers , police , interpol , press , United Nations .
Wait , there is more !
This article continues !
Continue reading » Female evolutionary Superiority in social manipulation causes feminist Language Distortions ’ universal acceptance » continues here »
The power of feminists is awe inspiring .
Feminists conquered and brainwashed the minds of lawmakers , police , press , the United Nations .
And people are not even aware of the sweeping changes feminists did , to encroach upon men ’s rights , men ’s well being , freedom .
How much terror feminists managed to sow with teenage sex and child porn witch hunts .
This sounds exaggerated ?
Please read on .
The feminist social manipulation skill superiority hypothesis
Females are superior in social manipulation & language distortion to foster their reproductive interest ( An evolutionary hypothesis ) .
More provocatively it could be called “ feminist cunningness hypothesis ” , female evolutionary cunningness hypthesis , …… Any more naming suggestions ?
Hypothesis : Females are vastly superior in social manipulation skills
In evolution , everything is result of an evolutionary arms race .
( cheetah and gazelle ’s running skills , bacteria vs. our bodily defense system , …) Skills and capacities get honed over time , to solve evolutionary tasks .
Women , in evolutionary time , had the hard task to convince a much stronger man to assume his paternal role and take care of her offspring ( which might be his , or even just his cuckold offspring ) .
In any argument , men had clear superiority with 2 powerful weapons
economical superiority : men were the hunters , they had the meat , they also could defend and own territory
physical superiority : men could always win an argument by brute force , by simple violence .
So to achieve some kind of evolutionary long term equilibrium , women must have developed some weapeons to counter men ’s economical & physical power .
What weapons could they have ?
Social manipulation : gossiping among women , ganging up together against the common enemy , making intrigues , badmouthing a man , destroying his reputation , manipulating the opinion of other men ( and women ) .
Women would actually need the skills to win over other men to defend the female agenda .
In order to counter men ’s physical superiority , women needed to be better then men at these social manipulation skills .
They could not confront men clearly straight on , or else men could resort to the big stick argument .
They would have to “ con ” men into doing what is in women ’s interest , without men noticing .
Women would have to manipulate epecially skillfully , when it has to do with reproductive success , with getting men to provide for them and their kids , with men staying away from other women .
So the historical stone age balance of power is :
men have economical and physical superiority ,
women have verbal manipulation , cunningness , intrigue , social manipulation .
Nowadays , men surrendered their physical and economical power .
Women maintained and expanded their verbal manipulative social power
Men surrendered both their advantages .
Winning an argument with physical violence became criminalized .
Women got to earn their own money , plus they get the government to collect pension money and child support from fathers that must pay up but have no say over how their money is being used .
So most of the male power advantage waned .
Mass media and the internet even increased the verbal manipulative power of women beyond what they had in the evolutionary EEA , 50 000 years ago .
This would explain womens total win on all fronts .
They started winning when they outlawed bigamy , made it a crime for consensual adults to engange in marriage with several partners , and now are curtailing the rights to have consensual sex for pay , with adolescents , take one ’s own photograph and doing DNA tests on one ’s own children .
Anecdotal and other Evidence
It is self evident that women must have developed some skills to counter the obvious male physical superiority .
I will explain the
reasoning behind my female - social - manipulation - superiority hypothesis .
I was inspired by the
Feminism as middle aged womens trade union to promote their selfish reproductive interest , even their plain interest in an easy life , trying to curb men ’s access to more attractive or cheaper competitors .
I was wondering :
Why and with which methods do the feminist trade unions score such resounding victories
how do feminists convince everyone else to promote their goals ?
And why are they winning the war on all fronts with absolute resounding victory ?
there must be a special evolutionary skill how feminists manage to convince male law makers to support their warped feminist “ women studies ” logic and distract from the egalitarian goal of creating “ men ’s studies ” and “ men ’s rights ” ( Feminist arguments against prostitution debunked )
Distortion and re-definition of language
When a “ Rape ” is not a Rape !
The Abuse of the word “ Rape ” . & the Perversion of Language shows how language got re-defined for purely manipulative purposes .
Rape : in the past , rape was violent , non consensual sexual penetrative abuse .
Nowadays consensual sex with a 17 year old was first called “ statutory ” rape , and a few years later , the word statutory got omitted .
So a man having consensual sex with a 17 year old adolescent now became child rapist .
Fondling a minor also became defined as rape , so indecently touching a minor also became rape .
: in the past , rape was violent , non consensual sexual penetrative abuse .
Nowadays consensual sex with a 17 year old was first called “ statutory ” rape , and a few years later , the word statutory got omitted .
So a man having consensual sex with a 17 year old adolescent now became child rapist .
Fondling a minor also became defined as rape , so indecently touching a minor also became rape .
Child :
In the past a child was under 12 or under 14 years old , now 17 year - olds are children .
In Europe , for the purpose of child porn , photos of 25 year olds with pony tails and young appearance are child porn .
: In the past a child was under 12 or under 14 years old , now 17 year - olds are children .
In Europe , for the purpose of child porn , photos of 25 year olds with pony tails and young appearance are child porn .
These definitions are clearly for manipulating purposes .
It is easier to incite the public to severely punish a “ child rapist ” then for “ fondling an adolescent ” or “ consensual sex with an adolescent ” .
Not only do they re-define perfectly defined terminology ( indecent touching of an adolescent ) , they also banalize real rape : “ No , I did not agree to have sex with my boyfriend .
I REALLY got raped by a stranger who dragged me in the woods at knife point ” .
Feminist arguments against prostitution debunked shows more example of feminine logic that amazingly gets even academic recognition , in spite of being devoid of any logic and inconsistent with our logical and legal system in all other fields of life
Such comments got me officially kicked out : Change.org sucks : “ womens rights ” feminists censor & silence dissent .
Warped due process and warped language confuse press and public
An example : an Italian court acquitted a man of rape charges because the woman ’s jeans was so tight that she could not be raped unless she helped to take it off .
How shocking .
But , do you think he would be acquitted were there 3 witnesses or surveillance camera proof of the rape ? of course not !
He was tried on unproven accusations of one singe women .
Had he committed another crime like robbery , bullying , he would not even be in court on a simple accusation with absolutely no other evidence .
So one proof to the contrary correctly got the falsely accused off the hook .
Feminists managed to pervert due process of law .
Men are guilty until proven innocent and get arrested on hearsay , on unproven accusations of one single person complaining of rape or child abuse .
Would we apply such methods to real problems like neighborhood and school bullying , mafia intimidation , a lot of real world problems could be solved .
Normally , everyone knows who the school bullies are , just clear proof is missing .
If one single accuser , with no proof , could get a school bully arrested , lots of problems could be solved .
Well , as collateral damage , a few would be arrested unjustly , but that happens with child porn and child abuse cases too .
Even females as collateral damage get accepted , in pursuit of the higher goal of final domination * 25 hottest sex offenders any boy wishes to become a rape victim of
Childrens obesity , diabetes , early death due to bad nutrition is no concern for feminists
Feminists seem so concerned about children .
I identified a real threat to our children : Childhood Obesity Promotion : Cartoon characters attract kids to junk food .
Here the danger is real .
Millions and millions of children get condemned to a life of diabetes , early death , due to obesity .
Where are feminists protesting the violation of children .
17 year olds incapable to consent to sex ?
But 5 year olds are capable to consent to fattening junk food ?
Reminist logic is always selective , ad hoc .
Convincing until you start questioning more deeply .
Can children agree to eating fattening McDonald ’s meals , soda , and disease causing sugar cereals ?
No , they do not have to maturity to decide that .
So , in analogy to the “ rape ” word for 17 year olds that allegedly cannot agree to sex ( except to sex with peers of same age , strangely ) , what do you call feeding a person dangerous substances without consent ?
Poisoning !
We are poisoning our children and the guilty parties are advertisers , McDonald ’s , and the parents .
In analogy to a little known term : Food Porn arouses Lust for Food with No Nutritional Value I coined the term “ Child Food - Porn ” ( Junk food advertising ) makes our children obese & unhealthy .
How come feminists are so concerned about a 17 year old getting fondled ?
But no concern about a 4 year old getting raised towards a life of obesity and diabetes ?
Maybe feminists are not really concerned with children .
The antifeminist explanation is the only one that makes sense .
Feminists enlist Interpol to track down depictions of nude adolesents
FEMINISTS
Not worried about videos of kids getting spanked , killed , maimed clubbed to death
Finally I wondered Nude adolescent photos : a Crime .
Videos of lynching , killing , beating adolescents are legal Prime Time TV .
It is perfectly ok for prime time TV to show how a 16 year old gets killed by a youth gang mob with hits of planks to his head .
If the same kid made love to his girl friend or were simply naked , this would be a huge crime .
Amazingly , the entire might of interpol would go after every single person in the world that inadvertently would have downloaded such a photo .
The power of feminists is startling .
Feminists conquered and brainwashed the minds of lawmakers , police , press , the United Nations .
I am in awe !
Feminists agenda brought sweeping changes in law & customs
Most feminist goals actually look very justified .
But justified goals are the means to reach further reaching exaggerated goals and end up being true witch hunts instilling terror in the populace .
The AntiFeminist blog is full of examples :
the noble goal of making deadbeat dads pay for their offspring got extended so fathers have to pay a large part of their income while having absolutely no say over how it is applied .
A father normally can not say : “ I pay xx University ” but refuse to pay for a fancy car , fashionable clothes or a second rate University .
He has to pay and nothing to say .
I also have seen examples of fathers whose paycheck decreased dramatically and owed more child and spouse support then they were earning .
Also it is amazing with which vigor the justice system in most countries enforces child support claims .
In Germany , a law got defeated ( thank god ) that would give jail terms to fathers who did DNA testing to prove that a child was not his .
This is noble , but it is getting excessive .
All this deserves analysis by academics , in the light of recent evolutionary psychology research , and new research to test the hypotheses here .
Of course , the results speak for themselves .
Self interested feminism is winning hands down .
We only need to see if the explanation here is correct of if there are other explanations .
I hope , when men wake up , and well intentioned women see the effects of the drakonian feminist inspired witch hunt laws , maybe we can revert to reasonable laws we had 50 - 100 years ago .
Reading List :
It 's conventional wisdom that practice makes perfect .
But if practicing only consists of watching , rather than doing , does that advance proficiency ?
Yes , according to a study by Dartmouth researchers .
They determined that people can acquire motor skills through the " seeing " as well as the " doing " form of learning .
" It 's been established in previous research that there are correlations in behavioral performance between active and passive learning , but in this study we were surprised by the remarkable similarity in brain activation when our research participants observed dance sequences that were actively or passively experienced , " says Emily Cross , the principal investigator and PhD student at Dartmouth .
Cross , who earned her degree in June , is currently a post - doctoral fellow at the Max Planck Institute for Cognitive and Brain Sciences in Leipzig , Germany .
Cross and her collaborators used a video game where players have to move in a particular sequence to match the position of arrows on the screen , similar to the popular Dance Dance Revolution game .
The researchers measured the skill level of participants for sequences that were actively rehearsed daily , and a different set of sequences that were passively observed for an equivalent amount of time .
Brain activity when watching both kinds of sequences ( as well as a third set of sequences that were entirely unfamiliar ) was captured using fMRI , functional magnetic resonance imaging .
The study focused on the Action Observance Network ( AON ) in the brain , a group of neural regions found mostly in the inferior parietal and premotor cortices of the brain ( near the top of the head ) responsible for motor skills and some memory functions .
" We collected fMRI data before and after five days of both visual and physical training , " says Cross , " and there was common AON activity when watching the practiced and observed dance sequences . "
This research contributes to a growing body of study about how people learn and how best to help people with brain injuries .
Cross explains that future studies might consider how such overlap between physical and observational learning at the brain level can improve upon rehabilitation therapies for individuals affected by physical or neurological injury .
Cross 's co-authors on the paper were David J. M. Kraemer , Antonia F. de C. Hamilton , William M. Kelley , and Scott T. Grafton , all currently or formerly associated with Dartmouth 's Department of Psychological and Brain Sciences .
Kraemer is currently a postdoctoral fellow at the University of Pennsylvania , Hamilton is now on the faculty of the University of Nottingham 's School of Psychology , Kelley is associate professor of psychological and brain sciences at Dartmouth , and Grafton is a professor of psychology at the University of California , Santa Barbara .
If Red turns out like I expect , John Malkovich is going to steal the show .
That ’s because Malkovich plays a retired CIA assassin named Marvin Boggs and for 11 years he was given LSD on a daily basis .
Let ’s just say it ’s left him a bit messed up .
But even though his character is not normal by most people ’s definition , he ’s still sharp as a tact , and perhaps by the end of the movie , he ’ll save a lot of people ’s lives …
But backing up a second , back in April I got to visit the set of Red while the production was shooting in New Orleans .
While on set I got to participate in a small roundtable interview with Malkovich where he discussed what it was like making Red , how the project had changed , all the other projects he ’s working on , and we also talked about a pink pig .
Trust me , when Summit starts to releases more images on the pink pig … you ’ll start to understand .
But more than anything , what makes this such a great interview is the fact that Malkovich rarely does in depth interviews , so if you ’re a fan of this awesome actor , hit the jump to either read or listen to what he had to say :
Finally , before getting to the interview , you should watch the trailer for RED because it looks awesome and a lot of fun .
–
Here ’s the full transcript .
Click here to listen to the audio from the interview .
Red gets released October 15 .
Can you talk a little bit about your character and how much fun you ’re having with Bruce [ Willis ] ?
John Malkovich :
The character as – all four of us , Bruce and Helen Mirren , Morgan Freeman is a retired CIA assassin and mine ’s a kind of survivalist type that lives in a swamp and is a little bit wacked and it ’s really been fun .
I ’ve loved it .
Like , the cast , the actors , very much get along with the director and the cinematographer , whose father I ’ve worked with for a couple of times .
I ’ve known her since she was quite young .
Was this the first time you and Bruce had met before ?
Malkovich :
We ’d met a couple of times over the years , but never worked together before .
We sort of started out about exactly the same time in New York in the early ‘ 80s , so I met him once or twice then and a couple times passing through .
We were told this is kind of a buddy / road movie .
Was there any male bonding while you prepared ?
Malkovich :
There was a lot of drinking .
( laughs )
But I ’m not in the starting five of that group …
With Jonah Hex and almost doing Spider - Man 4 , have you been consciously selecting more action - oriented material ?
Malkovich :
No , that ’s the way they ’ve come in .
I ’ve done a couple of fashion lines and an opera in Vienna , directing a play in Mexico , and then we ’re producing a movie that starts shooting in then days in SoHo .
Can you say what the movie is ?
Malkovich :
It ’s called Jeff Who Lives at Home .
How ’d you get involved with that ?
Malkovich : Through our production company , Mr. Mudd , and it ’s something that Jason Reitman developed .
We did Juno with him and he asked us to produce it with his company .
I ’m curious about the medallion you ’re wearing —
Malkovich : Yes , so I am . ( laughs )
Can you tell people what they are and what is the motivation for having them ?
Malkovich : This is Mexican Olympics .
I thought maybe Marvin could have done some event there but I ’m not really sure what , and this one is Russian .
Does your character get a lot of backstory in the film ?
Malkovich :
They do n’t any of them has tons of back - story in the film , except for Bruce ’s character .
Frank ’s a little more but not sort of scads about his past life .
Can you talk about the pig ?
The little stuffed animal you have with you ?
Malkovich : I ’m not really clear why it ’s a pig and as opposed to like a duffle bag .
He carries weapons in it and at some point , when they find out that they ’re being followed — that they are targets for something that happened many , many years ago — my character says , “ I ’m gettin ’ the pig . ”
I ’m not really sure why , but that ’s a really good idea .
A sort of call to arms .
How much was added to the character after you came on ?
Malkovich : Anybody doing something brings something to it .
It ’s not for me to say if it ’s “ growth ” .
Just by the nature of everyone has a different take on the material .
Some people would … we ’ve all done films where you have major questions about the material or perhaps about the structure or about how that character is manifested within a structure .
Or how that character …or the dialogue used .
But this , I really have n’t changed much of anything , unless I was asked to .
This is the script I pretty much got verbatim , for me .
Have you read the comic book ?
Malkovich : I ’ve looked at it .
But no , I ’ve just looked at the script .
What did you think of your character ?
Malkovich : I thought my character was pretty clear in the script .
Maybe sort of …where was he from originally ?
I maybe had a slightly different first impression from the script .
We ’re all looking forward to seeing Helen Mirren fire very large guns …
Malkovich :
As opposed to having them .
( laughs )
Yeah , no kidding that kind of touches all the bases .
Were you on set for any of that stuff and can you talk about working with Helen ?
Malkovich :
She ’s fantastic Helen , very pro , very funny , a lot of fun to be around .
I mean she probably secretly enjoyed squeezing off a few rounds .
( laughs )
If most of your action work with weapons or have you had much hand to hand combat training ?
Do you have any personal fight scenes yourself ?
Malkovich : No , not really .
It ’s mostly with weapons .
Your character apparently had some LSD experiments done on him .
Did you do any research into your role with LSD ?
Malkovich : I was around in those days , but no .
Every kid on the floor of my dorm did .
I was never much of a drug - taker .
Can you talk about how you got involved with clothing and designing ?
Malkovich :
Well , I design costumes because I started with the theater in Chicago , but somehow a few lines just sort of fell to me to do it .
And I studied it in school and I always liked it .
Around 2001 , and Italian man asked me to do a line and I did that for five years and stopped it for the old artistic differences .
Then some other Italians asked me to start again a year , year and a half ago .
Can you talk about the scene you were shooting earlier today ?
Malkovich :
In the script , there ’s a New York Times reporter who ’s been killed and I get a list of names that she had and they ’re trying to ascertain what the link between Frank and Marvin , who are the only two people in our group who are on the list , while the other people have been killed .
So we go to meet this air cargo pilot , who ’s on the list and I think at that point is the only other one still alive .
I ’d seen this woman at the bus station , who ’s firing at us .
I tell Frank “ I ’m gonna blow her head off ! ” and she says that she ’s working for Coldwell Banker and has nothing to do with it and here she shows up a little bit later with the whole RPG thing .
In this film you ’re making a lot of statements like “ They ’re watching us , ” or “ That helicopter is following us , ” and everyone thinks you ’re crazy and perhaps towards the end you ’re redeemed .
Malkovich : Sometimes it happens quite quickly .
He ’s a little bit wacked out , but often correct about his peers , and his statements often prove accurate .
And why do n’t the other people take you seriously when you say stuff like someone ’s following you .
Malkovich : Because he carries a pig around and lives in a car .
( laughs )
What was your reaction to the car , because we ’ve heard a lot about the design .
Malkovich :
It ’s fantastic .
Weapons and cans of beans ?
What else do you need ?
Your character is kind of paranoid , a conspiracy theorist .
Do you believe in conspiracy theories ?
Malkovich : Not so much .
I have never met that many people so clever as to be able to pull off all the conspiracies in the world .
I think the world is a lot more chaotic than that .
More accidental .
As a kid did you always want to be an actor or did you want to be a CIA operative ?
Malkovich : No , neither .
It never occurred to me to be an actor .
What did you want to be when you were kid ?
Malkovich : I was pretty heavy , so I guess I could ’ve done well in those eating contests .
( laughs )
You let go of that dream ?
Malkovich : Yes .
But I probably would ’ve wanted to have been a baseball pitcher or a football player .
Were you given a lot of creative freedom with your lines ?
Malkovich : I do n’t think Robert would mind so much .
But I like the script .
Unless there were changes that call for different phraseology or different dialogue entirely , I did n’t really see the need .
I like the way it is .
I ’m a big fan of Michael Bay and he ’s announced that you ’re in Transformers 3 .
How did you get involved with that ?
Malkovich : I spoke with him last week .
Lorenzo and Mark at Summit are producing .
They approached me about it .
I ’d seen the first one , which I liked and thought it was funny .
I like working with them very much .
They ’re very good producers , they ’re very hands - on , always around , really get their hands dirty which is not so normal .
Are you into popcorn movies ?
Malkovich : Sure .
I was never a fanatical movie person .
There are many popular films I absolutely love like anyone else .
Having said that , I do n’t have time to go to the movies very much .
I work a lot of different things , I ’m always busy .
But I ’m always happy to see a popular movie .
Were you disappointed about the Spider - Man thing ?
Malkovich :
Yes , because I like Sam and I like Tobey and all that stuff and the producers — two of whom who I ’ve met before — and because I ’d been offered the first one .
I came to like them all .
Was the part for the Vulture ?
Malkovich : Yes .
But I think a lot of the people who follow that genre …I ’m not sure , I never really spoke with Sam about this , I ’m not sure if they made him …if the fanboy base approved of that character as an adversary for him to some extent , or maybe the studio , or maybe that was totally unrelated as to why it fell apart .
I can tell you from the fan perspective from people online they were very excited to see you joining the franchise and play the Vulture .
MALKOVICH : I heard various things about it .
Yeahm it was a drag ‘ cuz I like Sam , and he ’s offered me a couple things and it has n’t worked out .
You mentioned Vienna .
Can you talk about working there and what you love about that city ?
Malkovich :
Well , I ’ve only worked there twice .
Once for a rather long period and one not so long .
But this is an opera that I do with the Viennese , baroque orchestra conductor and a very bright , very gifted Viennese opera director who has also directed movies , et cetera , but has a fantastic background in the classical music .
We do a piece together which we played in Vienna last summer , which went very well , and then hooked up to tour a lot in Europe this summer , kind of everywhere for a month and a half or so .
In Vienna , I like very much .
I was always attracted to it a lot as a kid .
I do n’t know why , because I do n’t have Austrian blood or any kind of personal history there , but I think because I was always really interested in what happened there near the end of the 19th and in early 20th centuries , so much of what we consider the modern world sort of came from there .
From painting to music to psychiatry to great essays by people like Karl Kraus , playwrights et cetera .
And I ’d been many times but always loved it , it ’s very beautiful , and always something interesting to see , even the design , the arts and crafts , the architecture , et cetera .
It always appealed to me .
We spoke to Karl Urban about the weapons training and how in your down time they would go to the shooting range .
Did you participate in any of that ?
Malkovich :
No , my son , I have an 18 year old , and he kept menacing me to come , so I was always waiting for him .
I have n’t shot a lot of guns in my life .
Is that something you look forward to : like violence in films ?
Malkovich :
No , not particularly , but you know , “ Shoot ‘ em up ” is a part of movies .
I do n’t have anything against it , but I ’ve never owned a gun , and I do n’t particularly plan on taking any pot shots at anyone in the near future .
And they ’re all difference so even if you ’ve shot an AK before , there ’s Egyptian , there ’s Russian , there ’s Bulgarian , there ’s Romanian , and they ’re all slightly different .
So you always have to practice loading and unloading , cleaning the chamber , et cetera , et cetera .
–
For more Red coverage :
Bruce Willis On Set Interview RED
Mary - Louise Parker On Set Interview RED
Karl Urban On Set Interview RED
If the drillers had not overlooked the small pile of rocks that Edith Greene had painstakingly heaped in the center of the field , the people of Montgomery , Vermont , would today be enjoying all the clean , fresh drinking water they could ever want and she , as the dowser who had found it for them , would still be a town hero .
Of this Edith is certain .
On the morning in 2004 when Edith first dowsed the field , the weather was blustery and bright .
It was April , and though the late northern spring had yet to arrive , the air carried the first raw whiffs of thawing mud and melting snow .
Under her boots , the half - frozen earth , still matted with the shorn remains of last summer ’s cornstalks , gave slightly with each step .
If it had been much muddier or the ground more uneven , Edith might not have been able to come out at all .
Though she had lost none of her youthful energy , as close to 80 as she was , she had to be careful .
Edith made her way slowly to the center of the field .
The wind cut through the seams in her old pink jacket and tossed the steel gray curls escaping from her knitted green tuque .
Her cheeks glowed beneath the round plastic frames of her glasses .
Thank God it was not colder .
You ca n’t dowse with gloves on , and more than once she ’d left a job with dangerously frozen fingers .
Like many modern dowsers , Edith never uses a forked divining rod to do any kind of serious work .
“ Oh , God , they ’re back to the sticks , ” she ’ll say in her rusty - hinge voice at a mention of these .
“ No one would do it like that anymore . ”
She prefers L-rods , sometimes one , sometimes a pair .
Edith makes rods for friends by bending a right angle a third of the way into a length of coat - hanger wire and slipping the short end into a loose - fitting handle of plastic pipe ; the sky blue tubing used by maple sugar makers looks especially nice , she finds .
Her own favorite rods are made of faux - copper wire with molded - plastic handles ; she bought them from a New Hampshire dowser who uses the proceeds to fund water - finding missions in the Third World .
The L - rods are all of the same design ; the handles prevent even the most tightly clenched fist from controlling the wires ’ motion .
In the hands of an amateur , the rods swing wildly , the wires spinning inside the loose handles like an old - fashioned radar transmitter gone berserk .
Experienced dowsers steady the rods so that the tips are pointing straight ahead , parallel and still .
From this starting position , the wires may cross , or slant in tandem , or swing apart like doors thrown wide by a sudden draft .
In every case , the motion alerts the dowser to an invisible presence : underground water , but also sometimes gold , oil , minerals , or what some describe as “ earth energies . ”
Edith was looking for water .
She let her wrists sag expertly so that the tips of the wires pointed motionless toward the ground about two feet in front of her .
She took a deep , centering breath and stood a little straighter .
Then , she mumbled something to herself and went to work .
All morning , Edith watched her rods swing wide , again and again .
Something strange — something big — was happening below , but she was n’t sure what .
Lunchtime had come and gone , and the wind was starting to pick up .
There was more to do , but she ’d have to come back when she had more energy .
Had Edith finished dowsing the field that day , it ’s possible that her involvement in Montgomery ’s water problems would have ended there too .
It ’s possible that rumors of her work would never have reached water officials around the state and left them shaking their heads in wonder .
It ’s also possible that the citizens and leaders of Montgomery might have avoided running headlong into the controversy that started with their desperate search for water but ultimately forced their tight - knit community into a public divide they never wanted , one that forced them to pit the claims of one elderly woman against their own beliefs about the workings of the natural world .
But it was cold , she was tired , and she did n’t finish .
Edith headed back to her car , but not before leaving a few cryptic markers — reminders to herself , she later said , of the underground water she had sensed but not yet defined .
She left a small pile of rocks at the center of the field , and a few dozen yards away , she tied a length of orange surveyors ’ tape to the end of a low branch .
Edith dowses around 50 wells a year , many for newly built houses .
Those moving to rural Vermont from metropolitan areas where summoning fresh water requires nothing more than a twist of a tap are often surprised to realize that they are now solely responsible for providing their household ’s water .
Is clean , plentiful water lying around underground , just waiting to be pumped to the surface ?
In Vermont , the answer to this is yes and no : there is ground water almost everywhere ; it ’s the quality and quantity that raise uncertainty .
Instead of pooling in lakelike aquifers , Vermont ’s ground water runs through fissures in its solid bedrock , forming underground streams , some as wide as the bed of a pickup truck , others the width of a pencil eraser .
The streams may come together or branch off , following the fractures in the stone , or they may run parallel for miles without ever intersecting .
A hole drilled straight down from the surface will slice through a number of these , and water will leak down in rivulets , like those dampening highway road cuts and freezing into beards of ice in winter .
Another hole , drilled even a few yards away , could pull water from the same fissures , or some of the same , or none at all .
For no reason other than chance , a well drilled on the north side of a field might produce clear , rich - tasting water , while one on the south side might bring up water that reeks of rotten eggs or leaves rusty streaks on the laundry .
The neighbor up the road might lose his water pressure in even the mildest drought , and another family down the road will have tap water the color and flavor of stale tea if there is too much rain .
Is it better , then , to drill at the top of this ridge or near that stand of pine ?
Here behind the garage or there next to the fence line ?
A wrong choice could mean a lifetime of dribbly , rationed showers and a useless dishwasher .
Well drillers understand better than anyone the trickiness of guessing from the surface what might be happening hundreds of feet underground .
They might make some suggestions but no guarantees , except that the drilling fee— typically between $ 6,000 and $ 8,000 — will be collected , even in the rare event the well should come up completely dry .
But since any driller with a reputation for repeatedly failing to strike water will quickly find his business evaporating , it pays to be patient with a client who ’s hoping to hit upon a sure thing .
If only there were a sure thing .
In an era of fiber optics and gene manipulation , it can come as a surprise to realize that the only way to know for sure that there ’s water under a specific spot is the same as it ’s always been : dig to find out .
As with the drillers , professional honesty prevents hydrogeologists from ever pinpointing a particular place and promising that the best water is to be found at that spot .
To identify likely locales , they can measure subtle changes in the earth ’s magnetic fields , or look at fluctuations in the direction of radio waves , or record seismic data to calculate the density of underground material .
But since the cost for even the simplest of these services starts in the $ 10,000 range , and to work with any accuracy requires access to sizable expanses of land , employing a hydrogeologist is well outside the reach of an average homeowner .
Those who want to improve on their own guess or the driller ’s shrug may find themselves phoning the only affordable second opinion , the sole consultant willing to pinpoint a spot and flag it with a stake , the only person who will , in short , claim to offer a definitive answer to the surprisingly tricky question of where exactly to find the best water : the local dowser .
The practice of using a forked branch to locate underground water came to America with English and German settlers , and most histories trace its roots before that to mineral miners in Germany .
Dowsing flourishes best in places like Vermont with a rural population and maddeningly unpredictable ground water — with a cultural preference for homegrown expertise and a tolerance for eccentricity .
That the dowser , once summoned , often arrives in the form of an utterly average - looking neighbor , that she ’ll hand over her rods with a missionary ’s glee for the curious to try ( explaining that dowsing is a learned art — though , as with musical ability , innate talent allows some a level of success that no amount of practice will grant others ) , that she charges less than $ 100 or often nothing at all , and that hiring a dowser is traditionally seen as good common sense in northern Vermont — all these things can allow many otherwise skeptical people to shrug aside the very large questions that dowsing raises .
For instance , when the tips of the dowser ’s rods fly apart , seemingly of their own accord , what exactly is going on ?
For Edith , there ’s no question about what ’s physically causing the rods to move : she is .
Like most modern dowsers , she believes that humans have innate sensory abilities .
When a dowser ’s subconscious senses the presence of water , Edith explains , it sends a tiny jolt to her hand that in turn jars the delicately balanced rod .
( Dowsing tools are hypersensitive to the smallest movement ; traditional preference for rods cut from certain trees is not based on the species ’ water - sensing ability but on the springiness and flexibility of the wood . )
The rod ’s sudden movement alerts the dowser — along with her witnesses and clients — to the presence of the element her body has already sensed .
Though it makes a kind of intuitive sense that the human body might provide a built - in means for locating the water it needs for survival , and though dowsers ’ descriptions of picking up subtle earth energies seem curiously like hydrogeologists ’ descriptions of electromagnetic - sensing devices , dowsing has always proven stubbornly resistant to scientific inquiry .
No double - blind test has ever shown to lasting satisfaction that dowsing works any better than chance .
Yet , by some estimates , over half the domestic wells drilled in Vermont each year have been located by dowsers .
Whether or not it works physically , dowsing certainly works socially .
Even for its adherents , belief in dowsing requires a delicate balance .
The many stories — farmers whose wooden Y - rods snapped down with palm - lacerating violence ; skeptics straining to prevent L - rods from swinging wide over hidden water lines ; innumerable dowser - found wells and rediscovered pipelines and even replenished spring - fed ponds — are often followed by the same refrain : “ I do n’t know , but it works ! ”
It is a discussion - ending phrase , signaling that no further analysis is invited .
Many rational people who want to believe that dowsing rods work avoid asking questions about how it works .
Like many old New England towns , Montgomery is actually made up of two communities , Montgomery Village and Montgomery Center , separated by about five miles of the Trout River where it cuts through the northern - most reach of the Green Mountains .
Surrounded by peaks , the town is isolated and remote , even by the standards of rural Vermont .
Car radios sometimes crackle into Québecois French .
The ski resort Jay Peak lies just down the road .
In a town with a population of 900 , Montgomery ’s Main Street boasts two hotels , two ski / snowboard / bike shops , two antiques stores , and several fine - dining restaurants .
Montgomery ’s water woes began in 1999 , when tests revealed that the Village ’s water supply contained arsenic .
The town ’s elected officials , the five - man selectboard , hastily connected the Village to the same well - fed reservoir that supplied the Center ’s water .
But the shallow reservoir could n’t sustain a growing town for long .
It quickly needed a backup supply .
In the meeting room of the tiny cottage that the town clerk ’s office shares with the post office , hydrogeologists unrolled aerial photos , pointing out promising creases in the topography where large stores of water might be collecting deep underground .
One by one their picks failed .
Some had too little water to sustain a town .
Others turned up completely dry .
After every disappointment , the engineers and hydrogeologists proposed the next steps .
The selectmen were n’t experts ; they were bus drivers , mechanics , contractors , and retired military men .
For them , town governance was a practically unpaid second job they undertook out of civic duty .
Shrugging aside their concerns , they agreed to the plans .
Four years and seven failed wells later , this was becoming harder and harder to do .
At the post office , at the supermarket , in the pizzeria , townspeople collared the selectmen .
Some were losing water pressure ; others were wondering how they would pay their utility bills if this expensive goose chase continued .
And then it got worse : sheets emerged from the laundry gray and filthy .
Tap water spurted out the color of old blood .
Worst were the Tuesdays after a long weekend when tourists packed the town ’s hotels and drained the reservoir down to silty dregs .
The next selectboard meeting inevitably brought a stream of angry people brandishing laundry bills and bottled water and demanding reimbursement .
As Tosca Smith remembered it later , “ For a while there , the selectmen were the enemies of the people . ”
A few years earlier , Tosca had become the first woman to be elected in half a century to Montgomery ’s selectboard .
Tosca caters weddings in the summer and spends winters cooking for one of the restaurants in town .
She is in her mid-40s and has red blonde hair , strong arms , a firm handshake , and a direct gaze .
A tattoo peeks over the top of one sock .
She has lived in Montgomery off and on for 16 years , preferring to raise her kids there than in her native New Jersey .
It ’s not hard to imagine her at work simultaneously rattling sauté pans , greeting everyone who walks in the door by name , and dishing up a steady stream of no -nonsense opinions .
The selectmen welcomed her , but as the new face in an old - boys ’ club , she wanted to tread lightly , at least at first .
In the fall of 2003 , Tosca took over the water project .
She started hearing stories from longtime residents : wells the geologists did n’t know about ; a farmer with a spring in his barn that had produced 60 gallons a minute of fresh , cold water for decades ; an underground river old folks swore flowed beneath the western corner of town .
She also heard their growing frustration :
How much longer could this go on ?
Why keep paying huge sums of money to people failing to do the job ?
By now it seemed obvious : the methods the engineers and hydrogeologists were using simply were not working .
It was time for something else .
On a breezy April morning in 2004 , Tosca , another selectman , and Nick Manosh , the driller , climbed into Nick ’s car to take what they were calling a field trip .
They had decided to revisit some town - owned properties the hydrogeologists had rejected .
Nick brought along his grizzled , sharply intuitive drill operator , Dean Langley , for a second opinion .
They were in a good mood .
The air was warming up , and the late north­ern Vermont spring looked like it might finally arrive .
When they stepped out of the car in a high field above a bend in the river , the air smelled of half - thawed earth .
Trees showed the blue and purple hills through their empty branches .
They stood , taking it all in .
Then , as Tosca recalled it , the old driller started turning around slowly .
He stopped .
His face broke into a rare , toothy grin .
“ Holy shit , ” he said .
“ Let ’s do it here . ”
A few months earlier , Tosca had suggested this spot to the hydrogeologist .
He had barely glanced up before rejecting the idea .
Twenty - thousand dollars could buy the fieldwork to definitively rule it out , he offered .
The board had declined .
Now Tosca was thinking she ought to have made him a personal bet .
A problem remained : in this 18 - acre field , how would they find the perfect spot to drill ?
For Nick and Tosca — and the rest of the selectboard , once consulted — the answer was obvious : they ’d call Edith Greene .
After years of trying things the scientific way , the citizens of Montgomery were as desperate as they had been when they started , and hundreds of thousands of dollars poorer .
What did they have to lose ?
No one came to watch Edith work .
And so , early the following Wednesday , when the huge drilling rig with “ Manosh , B’Gosh ! ” painted on its flank lumbered into the field , there was no one to explain to the drill operator that Edith ’s cryptic markers were not her final recommendations .
When he scanned for a dowser ’s usual flagged stakes , his eye was caught by the piece of orange tape tied to a low branch at the field ’s edge .
He went to work .
Tosca did n’t arrive until just before noon .
It was another blustery day , but a lasting warmth had crept into the air .
As she remembered it , when she walked into the field , the rig was already pumping hard .
Dean , the old drill operator , stood next to it in his blue coveralls .
He was smiling .
“ What ’s going on ? ” Tosca asked .
“ Hold on , ” he told her .
How often she ’d hoped for water in just the way she was hoping now , only to have the wells turn up dry .
She prepared herself for disappointment .
And then , without warning , a geyser shot upward and smacked the orange surveyor ’s tape .
Tosca jumped back .
Water sloshed around their ankles .
“ Shit , this is it , girl !
Bring me a spackle bucket ! ” the driller yelled .
He struggled to shove a white five - gallon pail under the torrent .
It was over 300 gallons a minute , easy , he estimated .
Three times as much as they needed .
Tosca whooped with joy .
No matter what , this was the best news Montgomery had had in a long time .
When Tosca called to tell Edith , Edith was furious .
She was n’t done , she said .
Nick ’s crew should have waited until she ’d finished .
And worse , if they ’d only drilled near the rock pile , they ’d surely have triple the water .
Tosca did n’t argue .
As it was , the town would have plenty .
By that afternoon , the rest of the selectboard , Nick , and even Edith had come out to watch .
In the center of the field , a backhoe dug trenches the length of swimming pools , which immediately swelled full .
To Tosca , they looked like lakes .
Her kids wanted to shed their coats and dive in , and she did n’t blame them .
Here at last was the water the town had prayed for , clear and cold and abundant .
“ We ’re going to put a plaque up here with your name on it .
We ’ll build a playground and call it the Edith Greene Playground , ” Tosca told Edith .
Even the others had to admit that Edith alone had saved them .
Earlier , the drillers had tested a few spots and gotten only two gallons per minute a mere 75 yards from where water was now gushing from the ground ; the scientists had rejected the entire area .
Edith became an instant hero .
Whatever it was she ’d done — and no one had any intention of asking for the details — it had worked .
A few months later , Tosca got an early - morning phone call from Jeff Hoffer , the freelance hydrogeologist hired to help Montgomery navigate state water regulations .
“ We ’ve got uranium , a lot of uranium , in the water , ” he said .
“ We ’ve got to test it again . ”
The word was sinking in .
“ Uranium ? ” Tosca asked .
Jeff explained : Uranium occurs naturally in the bedrock of certain places and sometimes shows up in ground water .
Its presence here did n’t mean there ’d been pollution , but drinking the water would put everyone in town at a dangerous risk of cancer .
“ The state standard is 30 parts per billion , ” Jeff told Tosca .
“ We ’re at 76 . ”
All that fresh , cold , prayer - answering water that had represented such a victory for her and the drillers and the dowser had turned out to be poison .
The euphoria Tosca had felt since April darkened into despair .
Despite the last bright days of August , she could n’t leave her house .
It was impossible to set foot in town without running into someone who would ask her for news about the well .
Now that she had some , she did n’t want to share it .
Two days later , at a selectboard meeting , she had no choice .
The meeting — open , as always , to the public — was packed .
Tosca and the selectboard sat around the long table ; the corners of the room were filled with others , leaning against walls and filing cabinets .
The town ’s attorney sat in a swivel chair by the door ; behind him , tucked into a corner near an ancient computer , sat Edith Greene .
Tosca broke the news .
As she described it later , the meeting exploded .
Questions spilled out from every corner .
They had been ready for bureaucratic hassles , or even iron or sulphur , but nothing as ominous as uranium .
What did that even mean ?
Were they back where they started ?
What the hell were they supposed to do about uranium ?
Then , from the corner of the room came another voice : Edith’s .
“ I can move it , ” she said .
The attorney swung around in his chair and stared at her .
Everyone stopped talking and looked up .
Was the dowser seriously suggesting she could remove uranium from the water ?
One selectman ’s shoulders started heaving and he made a choking noise that sounded more and more like laughter as he hurried out of the room .
For a few long seconds , no one said anything .
Then the attorney smiled slowly and said , “ What the hell .
Ca n’t hurt . ”
Grins and shrugs spread around the room .
“ Go for it , ” Tosca told Edith .
“ Why not ? ” someone else echoed .
It was ridiculous , but what did they have to lose ?
Edith started to explain her plan , but when no one listened , she excused herself and hurried out , to everyone ’s relief .
Still chuckling , the board turned back to finding a real solution .
Jeff Hoffer would arrange another water - quality test .
They were waterless once again .
But , for the first time since hearing about the uranium , Tosca felt something suspiciously like hope .
Long before finding Montgomery ’s water , Edith was renowned in the area .
She had dowsed many wells to local homeowners ’ satisfaction , the town attorney among them .
There were those who claimed not only that she ’d found water , but that she had performed far more mysterious feats : calculating with surprising accuracy the depth and flow - rate of wells before they were drilled ; replenishing dry and paltry supplies by , as she explained it , diverting underground water veins .
She had also , in recent years , gained a reputation for moving radon out of people ’s houses .
Radon is a naturally occurring carcinogenic gas .
In certain bedrock types , it can travel through water or up through fractures in the stone and into houses .
In the mid-1990s , Vermont homeowners started installing radon detectors in their basements .
Around this time , some dowsers professed their ability to sense radon with their rods in much the same way they found water .
And some , Edith among them , began to claim that they could even move the radon , putting people out of harm ’s way .
Interrogating Edith about her methods , or even watching her at work , does not lead to what one might call an explanation .
When she encounters radon ( which appears , she says , in either an endless band or a floor - to - ceiling vortex ) her rods swing apart as though they ’ve bumped against an invisible wall .
After protecting herself by envisioning a healing blue light , she sternly commands the radon to move .
Occasionally she plants the tip of one rod on the ground and strikes its shaft with the other for emphasis : Move .
That .
Radon .
Over. To. The . Lawn .
When she ’s done , she straightens up , blinks , and flicks her wrists a few times to settle her rods in their ready position .
Nearly always they reveal that the radon has moved precisely where Edith intended .
Edith conducts her dowsing business from a living - room - turned - office in her modest home .
The walls are papered with giant roses on a Pepto - Bismol pink background , and her collection of angel figurines fills the mantel .
Crowding the room are filing cabinets packed with meticulously labeled folders containing drilling reports and hand - drawn property maps .
This is also the headquarters of the Franklin County Dowsers ( Edith Greene , founder and president ) , and whole cabinets are filled with printouts , pamphlets , articles , and manuscripts on topics of interest , ranging from local bedrock formations to principles of feng shui to identifying aura fields .
Every day , calls come in from people who have heard of Edith through a former client or through her group , asking for help with all kinds of problems .
She almost never says no .
Had the selectboard heard her out when she first offered to move the uranium , she would have explained that she planned to do it in the same way she had moved radon many times before .
“ They ’re the same , ” she maintained .
She was partly right — radon is one of the gasses given off when uranium starts to decompose — but even to the people who were willing to believe in her power to move radon , her proposal sounded like trying to put out a fire by blowing away the smoke .
In late September , Tosca got another early - morning call from Jeff Hoffer .
“ You will not believe this , ” she recalls him saying , “ but it ’s gone .
I mean , it ’s 6.0 , but basically , it ’s gone .
I do n’t know what the hell happened . ”
A wave of excitement was rising in Tosca .
Jeff was still talking about the next test they would have to run .
There had to be some explanation for the sudden drop from 76 parts per billion to six .
When Tosca called Edith to tell her the news , Edith listened closely .
The uranium was n’t completely gone ?
she asked .
Tosca explained that at six parts per billion , the levels were well under state standards , but Edith was n’t satisfied .
“ I guess I have more work to do , ” she said before hanging up .
Jeff pulled another sample a few days later .
In the early weeks of 2005 , they got the final word — the levels had dropped again , this time to 2.7 parts per billion .
The uranium had all but vanished .
No one was entirely sure what to do with this new information .
It was good news , the best news imaginable , but still .
Giving the dowser credit for finding water was one thing — but making uranium disappear ?
Somehow that crossed a line .
For many with a newfound interest in dowsing , it can be disappointing to discover that even in Vermont the farmers wielding forked sticks are gone and that most modern dowsers are more New - Agey than old - timey .
Some try to maintain a distinction between “ dowsing ” ( using rods to sense a physical , mineral presence ) and “ divining ” ( using a pendulum to answer questions ) , but they seem to be in the minority .
For many dowsers , there is simply no line between finding unseen water and interacting with other invisible forces .
Asking Edith about her practice tends to let loose a flood of rambling stories , delivered in her Victrola - quality voice and punctuated with pauses that invite the listener to marvel : computers keeping people awake at night by emitting noxious rays ( she recommends affixing a triangular sticker pointing upward , to direct the rays away from the household ) ; shadowy spirits or ETs lurking in corners .
On house calls , she often throws in a kind of unrequested general cleaning — checking the living room for radon , removing spirits from the attic — but she also does what she ’s asked .
She finds water for those in desperate need and asks for almost nothing in return .
And for this , whatever their personal opinions of her practice , the people she ’s helped are fiercely loyal .
In February 2005 , the state gave Montgomery the go - ahead to use the water they ’d waited almost a year for .
Tosca remembered the meeting .
As a visiting official started to explain the process for final approval , Edith , ever present , asked to speak .
“ I know the uranium is gone , ” she told him .
“ I moved it . ”
The official was polite .
“ I am a scientist , ” he said .
“ I just patently cannot believe that . ”
When Edith started to explain , the selectboard chairman cut her off .
Edith sat silently through the rest of the meeting .
She walked to her car through the sharp cold and made it all the way home before she started to cry .
Tosca was dismayed by her colleagues ’ increasing rudeness , but even she could not bring herself to believe that Edith — or anyone — had the kind of power Edith claimed .
There had to be another explanation .
Maybe there had never been uranium in the water at all .
Could n’t the original high figure have been a mistake ?
The lab gladly retested all the samples and the results came back :
Yes , there had been high uranium .
And yes , it was now gone .
With no source of pollution nearby , there was only one other possible culprit : the driller .
Nick Manosh takes a never - say - never attitude toward the possibility that , despite the best efforts of his thorough cleaning and disinfection process , his equipment might have introduced an outside element .
But there ’s no way to know for sure .
The pipe used in Montgomery , along with any evidence , has long since been lost to the anonymity of the pile of used pipes in his equipment yard .
The selectmen suddenly found themselves in an awkward position : to believe that the pipe was contaminated was to second - guess the work of a respected local businessman ; to blame the lab was to reject double - checked scientific evidence .
With no definitive solution to the mystery , opinions came to turn on whichever explanation each individual was willing to accept .
And when Edith Greene ’s name came up , as it invariably did , the question of what was and was n’t possible to believe became still more complicated .
From the start , the selectboard had tried to keep the uranium findings quiet .
They ’d largely succeeded until a local weekly printed an article with news of Edith ’s involvement .
“ What ’s this I hear about the miracle uranium ? ” people asked Tosca , chuckling , when they saw her in town .
If she — young , female , and a flatlander to boot — was feeling uncomfortable , she could only imagine how agonizing the ribbing must feel to her fellow board members .
And that was before they heard that the story was being swapped among water officials and hydrogeologists all over the state :
Did you hear the one about the old lady and the uranium ?
It was one thing for those within the community to laugh at the doings of a local eccentric ; now the selectmen began to feel themselves uncomfortably close to the butt of the joke .
A few months earlier , Edith had presented a bill for her work to find the water , calculated at $ 20 per hour and totaling $ 400 .
The board unanimously voted to pay it ( recorded discreetly in the minutes as “ for services ” ) .
The board had hired and paid water dowsers in the past — in that simpler , pre-uranium time , Edith had been no different .
Now , however , Edith ’s second $ 400 bill , for removing the uranium , loomed over them .
Sooner or later they ’d have to examine why , exactly , it was so much harder to spend taxpayers ’ money on Edith ’s latest “ work ” than it had been the first time .
Most of the board felt certain that , double - checked results or no , the fault lay with the lab .
If there had never been uranium in the water , then Edith had done nothing .
What was the point of even discussing it ?
Tosca disagreed :
Whatever you make of Edith ’s claims , she did do something — Tosca herself had driven by and seen her tramping through the snow on a frigid day , hard at work .
“ Whether you believe in what she ’s doing or not , she did n’t just sit in front of the TV .
She went out onto that field and worked her whatever , ” Tosca said .
“ The consensus around that board table was , ‘ What have we got to lose , go for it , ’ ” Tosca maintained .
“ If she ’s a charlatan , send her away , do n’t say ‘ Go for it . ’”
For Tosca , the truth of Edith ’s claim was utterly beside the point .
This was not a matter of belief ; it was a matter of principle .
In this , she had the law on her side .
In Vermont , an implied contract is binding .
The town attorney agreed : no matter how uncomfortable it made them , the board should pay Edith ’s bill .
But on the morning in March when Tosca finally called for a vote , the attorney , whose support she had counted on , missed the meeting .
In Tosca ’s recollection , the debate did n’t last long — everyone already knew where each one stood .
There had been no motion to hire Edith , someone argued , therefore it was never official .
“ Well , we did n’t make a motion to hire Manosh or the hydrogeologist either , ” Tosca retorted .
She got no response .
The vote was 3 to 1 against , with a newly elected member abstaining .
Even though she had seen it coming , Tosca was furious .
Since when had they ever refused to pay someone because of a failed point of order ?
She could understand how her colleagues flinched at recording a vote that some would surely read as an endorsement of the supernatural .
But hiding behind protocol instead of admitting their discomfort was a hypocrisy she could n’t stomach .
Tosca stood up .
“ I ’m disgusted and disappointed in all of you , ” she told them and walked out the door .
It took a few more months of fuming for Tosca to realize that something much more important was at stake than a mere $ 400 .
In terms of money , Edith ’s fee was trifling .
In terms of what the selectmen — upstanding , conservative , churchgoing men— might have to sacrifice in community respect if they paid it , Tosca began to see how it might , in fact , be asking too much .
For some of them , paying Edith would call their entire belief system into question .
The traditional “ I do n’t know , but it works , ” allowed them to hire a dowser to find water .
But by bringing her other practices into public view , Edith had raised uncomfortable hows and whys ; in doing so , she ’d unwittingly broken an unspoken social contract .
The selectmen simply could n’t bring themselves to imply , even indirectly , that anything about Edith ’s unexplainable methods had worked .
Tosca was not so sure .
For her , Edith ’s influence had been essential : “ With her positive mental outlook on things , she played a hand in turning the tide , ” Tosca now says .
“ If that little lady did n’t say ‘ I can move it , ’ we would have scrapped that source .
We would have spent $ 100,000 looking for another site . ”
To Tosca , Edith is a hero — even if it is for different reasons than Edith herself believes .
As for Edith , she ’s still holding out hope for a plaque with her name on it .
She ’s heard a rumor there ’s manganese in the water .
Maybe there ’s something she can do .
There was a resurgence of interest in very low calorie ketogenic diets for weight loss in the 1970's , followed closely by the complications ( including sudden death ) associated with the Liquid Protein diet popularized in 1976 .
However , the fatigue and apparent cardiac dysfunction caused by this collagen - based fad diet stood in stark contrast to the published experience of arctic explorers such as Schwatka and Stefansson .
In addition , physicians who monitored patients following very low calorie diets observed wide variations between the exercise - tolerance of these individuals .
Given that the elegant research on the metabolism of total fasting by Dr. George Cahill and colleagues had demonstrated that full adaptation of nitrogen , fat , and carbohydrate metabolism required a number of weeks [ 12 ] , it seemed reasonable to hypothesize that exercise tolerance would take more than a week to recover after removal of carbohydrate from the diet .
This view was supported by the subsequent discovery of the prescient adaptation quote from Schwatka 's diary [ 6 ] noted above .
To test this hypothesis , the current author ( under the mentorship of Drs. Ethan Sims and Edward Horton at the University of Vermont ) undertook a study of subjects given a very low calorie ketogenic diet for 6 weeks in a metabolic research ward [ 13 ] .
The protein for this diet , along with a modicum of inherent fat , was provided by lean meat , fish , and poultry providing 1.2 grams of protein per kg of reference ( " ideal " ) body weight daily .
In addition , mindful that the natriuresis of fasting could reduce circulating blood volume and cause secondary renal potassium wasting , the subjects were prescribed 3 grams of supplemental sodium as bouillion and 25 m Eq ( 1 g ) of potassium as bicarbonate daily .
Treadmill performance testing of these subjects included determinations of peak aerobic power ( VO 2 max ) after a 2 - week weight maintenance baseline diet , and again after 6 weeks of the ketogenic weight loss diet .
Endurance time to exhaustion was quantitated at 75 % of the baseline VO 2 max .
This endurance test was repeated again after one week of weight loss and finally after 6 weeks of weight loss .
Other than these tests , the subjects did no training exercise during their participation in this study .
To compensate for the fact that the average subject had lost over10 kg , the final endurance treadmill test was performed with the subject carrying a backpack equivalent in weight to the amount lost .
The energy expenditure data ( expressed as oxygen consumption ) and exercise times across this 8 - week inpatient study are shown in Table 1 .
That these subjects ' peak aerobic power did not decline despite 6 weeks of a carbohydrate - free , severely hypocaloric diet implies that the protein and mineral contents of the diet were adequate to preserve functional tissue .
As can be noted , endurance time to exhaustion was reduced after one week of the ketogenic diet , but it was significantly increased over the baseline value by the 6 - week time point .
However the interpretation of this endurance test is confounded by the fact that the oxygen cost ( ie , energy cost ) of the treadmill exercise had significantly decreased following the weight loss , and this occurred despite the subjects being made to carry a backpack loaded to bring them back to their initial exercise test weight .
Table 1 Exercise parameters of Vermont study [ 13 ]
Full size table
This question of improved efficiency notwithstanding , it is clear that our subjects experienced a delayed adaptation to the ketogenic diet , having reduced endurance performance after one week followed by a recovery to or above baseline in the period between one and six weeks .
Given the reduced energy cost of the exercise despite the backpack , the extent of this adaptation cannot be determined from this study .
To explain this improved exercise efficiency , we can speculate that humans are more efficient carrying weight in a modern backpack than under their skin as excess body fat .
It is also possible that these untrained subjects became more comfortable with prolonged treadmill walking by their third test , and therefore improving their overall efficiency .
Given the uncertainties of this study caused by the subject 's weight loss and potential for improved technique with multiple tests , the current author undertook a second study under the mentorship of Dr. Bruce Bistrian at MIT in Cambridge MA [ 14 , 15 ] .
The diet employed in this followup study was patterned after that consumed by Stefansson during his year in the Bellevue study ( and thus presumably close to that traditionally consumed by the Inuit ) with the intention that the subjects would be in ketosis without weight loss .
This second study utilized competitive bicycle racers as subjects , confined to a metabolic ward for 5 weeks .
In the first week , subjects ate a weight maintenance ( eucaloric ) diet providing 67 % of non-protein energy as carbohydrate , during which time baseline performance studies were performed .
This was followed by 4 weeks of a eucaloric ketogenic diet ( EKD ) providing 83 % of energy as fat , 15 % as protein , and less than 3 % as carbohydrate .
The meat , fish , and poultry that provided this diets protein , also provided 1.5 g/d of potassium and was prepared to contain 2 g/d of sodium .
These inherent minerals were supplemented daily with an additional 1 g of potassium as bicarbonate , 3 grams of sodium as bouillon , 600 mg of calcium , 300 mg of magnesium , and a standard multivitamin .
The bicyclist subjects of this study noted a modest decline in their energy level while on training rides during the first week of the Inuit diet , after which subjective performance was reasonably restored except for their sprint capability , which remained constrained during the period of carbohydrate restriction .
On average , subjects lost 0.7 kg in the first week of the EKD , after which their weight remained stable .
Total body potassium ( by 40 K counting ) revealed a 2 % reduction in the first 2 weeks ( commensurate with the muscle glycogen depletion documented by biopsy ) , after which it remained stable in the 4th week of the EKD .
These results are consistent with the observed reduction in body glycogen stores but otherwise excellent preservation of lean body mass during the EKD .
The results of physical performance testing are presented in Table 2 .
What is remarkable about these data is the lack of change in aerobic performance parameters across the 4 - week adaptation period of the EKD .
The endurance exercise test on the cycle ergometer was performed at 65 % of VO 2 max , which translates in these highly trained athletes into a rate of energy expenditure of 960 kcal / hr .
At this high level of energy expenditure , it is notable that the second test was performed at a mean respiratory quotient of 0.72 , indicating that virtually all of the substrate for this high energy output was coming from fat .
This is consistent with measures before and after exercise of muscle glycogen and blood glucose oxidation ( data not shown ) , which revealed marked reductions in the use of these carbohydrate - derived substrates after adaptation to the EKD .
Table 2 Exercise parameters of MIT EKD study [ 15 ]
Full size table
Examining the results of these two ketogenic diet performance studies together indicates that both groups experienced a lag in performance across the first week or two of carbohydrate restriction , after which both peak aerobic power and sub-maximal ( 60 –70 % of VO 2 max ) endurance performance were fully restored .
In both studies , one with untrained subjects and the other with highly trained athletes who maintained their training throughout the study , there was no loss of VO 2 max despite the virtual absence of dietary carbohydrate for 4 –6 weeks .
This whole - body measure of oxidative metabolism could not be maintained unless there was excellent preservation of the full complement of functional tissues including skeletal muscle ( and mitochondrial ) mass , circulating red cell mass , and cardiopulmonary functions .
The possibility raised by the first study of improved endurance time after keto - adaptation was not substantiated by the second study employing highly trained athletes without the complicating variable of major weight loss .
It is thus likely that the increased endurance time in the Vermont study was due to improved efficiency ( ie , less hobbling from a backpack than from an equal weight of internal body fat ) and / or improved acclimation to the endurance test procedure .
Such acclimation would not be expected in the second study , as the highly trained bicycle racers were well conditioned to the stationary ergometer at the start of the study .
It is also worth noting that the bicycle racers remained weight stable ( excepting the half kilogram of reduced muscle glycogen ) across the 4 weeks of the EKD , which was equi-caloric with the baseline diet .
Although 4 weeks is a relatively short period to assess small differences in energy efficiency between diets , this observation implies that there was no great reduction in the efficiency of energy metabolism after keto - adaptation .
As a final note in this section , neither the Vermont study nor the MIT study has been refuted in the 2 decades since their publication .
Understandably given the expense of human metabolic ward studies and the orthogonal conclusions of these two studies , neither study has been corroborated by a similar human study .
However two subsequent animal studies examining physical performance after keto - adaptation have yielded results consistent with those presented above [ 16 , 17 ] .
Via the NYT :
Tuli Kupferberg , the poet , singer and professional bohemian who went from being a noted Beat to becoming , in his words , “ the world ’s oldest rock star ” when he helped found the Fugs , the bawdy and politically pugnacious folk - rock group , died on Monday in Manhattan .
He was 86 and had been a longtime resident of Greenwich Village .
He had been in weak health after suffering two strokes last year , said Ed Sanders , his friend and fellow Fug .
The Lebanese militant Hezbollah has denounced CNN 's decision to fire a Middle East editor for posting a note on Twitter expressing admiration for the country 's late top Shiite cleric .
Octavia
Nasr later apologized for her tweet in which she described Grand Ayatollah Mohammed Hussein Fadlallah as " one of Hezbollah 's giants I respect a lot . "
But CNN officials said her credibility had been compromised .
Misplaced Praise ?
British diplomat eulogizes Fadlallah Roee Nahmias
In personal blog , Britain 's ambassador to Lebanon calls Hezbollah spiritual leader ' decent man ' British diplomat eulogizes Fadlallah
Hezbollah 's spokesman Ibrahim Moussawi says CNN 's decision amounts to " intellectual terrorism " and reflects the West's " double standards " in dealing with the Mideast .
He said in a statement issued on Friday that the decision to fire Nasr a Lebanese who worked for CNN for two decades exposes America 's false claims regarding freedom of expression .
Praise for record on ' women 's rights '
In a Twitter posting over the weekend , Nasr said she was sad to hear of Fadlallah 's death .
She called him " one of Hezbollah 's giants I respect a lot . "
CNN issued a statement on Tuesday calling it an error in judgment for Nasr to write such a simplistic tweet .
Nasr later said in a blog that she had been referring to Fadlallah 's attitude toward women 's rights .
The cleric had issued edicts banning so - called " honor killing " of women and giving women the right to hit their husbands if attacked first .
She wrote that Fadlallah was " revered across borders yet designated a terrorist .
Not the kind of life to be commenting about in a brief tweet .
It 's something I deeply regret . "
But Khosravi said in a memo Wednesday that she spoke with Nasr and " we have decided that she will be leaving the company . "
Free Mexico honeymoon for first Argentine gay newly - weds Published duration 16 July 2010
image caption Mexico City wants to be seen as a gay - friendly tourist destination
Mexico City has offered a free honeymoon to the first gay couple to marry in Argentina under a new law .
The couple would have all expenses paid in the Mexican capital and in the beach resort of Cancun , the city 's tourism secretary , Alejandro Rojas , said .
On Thursday , Argentina became the first Latin American country to legalise same - sex marriage .
Mexico City also allows gay couples to wed .
The city government would pay the air fares for the newly - wed couple and is seeking sponsorship from hotels and restaurants to finance the rest of the honeymoon , Mr Rojas said .
The offer was " a recognition of tolerance , but first and foremost a way to promote gay tourism in Mexico " .
The left - leaning Mexico City government legalised same - sex marriage in 2009 and also allows gay couples to adopt children .
The BBC correspondent in Mexico , Julian Miglierini , says some Mexicans consider the invitation to be simply a publicity stunt .
Barcelona have been forced to seek € 150 m ( £ 125 m ) in bank finance to cover unpaid wages for players and coaching staff , with the club 's new president , Sandro Rosell , talking of " cash - flow tensions " .
The Primera Liga champions have provided six players who have featured regularly in Spain 's starting line - up at the World Cup but there are strong signs the Camp Nou 's recent successes have been built on shifting sands .
Barcelona were forced to seek external support after discovering that " there were n't sufficient resources " to cover their obligations .
" This week we 'll have everything in place to impose a policy of austerity to be able to make savings in unnecessary areas and meet very important commitments such as paying the wages of our players , coaches and employees , " said Rosell .
Analysis of the club 's finances showed they made only an € 8.8 m profit in winning La Liga , the Copa del Rey and the Champions League in 2008 , and carried debts of € 350 m .
Those liabilities are set to balloon again .
There are fears over the viability of their broadcast deal with Mediapro , which is worth about € 150 m a season , since the company filed for bankruptcy protection last month .
" We have spoken to representatives of Mediapro about their situation because everyone believes that they are in receivership , " said Rosell .
However the president insisted his club is not itself about to suffer a similar fate .
" The membership need n't be concerned , " he said .
" The club is n't bankrupt . "
•
The policy mistakes of the 1930s stemmed mostly from ignorance .
John Maynard Keynes was still a practicing economist in those days , and his central insight about depressions — that governments need to spend when the private sector is n’t — was not widely understood .
In the 1932 presidential campaign , Franklin D. Roosevelt vowed to outdo Herbert Hoover by balancing the budget .
Much of Europe was also tightening at the time .
If anything , the initial stages of our own recent crisis were more severe than the Great Depression .
Global trade , industrial production and stocks all dropped more in 2008 - 9 than in 1929 - 30 , as a study by Barry Eichengreen and Kevin H. O’Rourke found .
In 2008 , though , policy makers in most countries knew to act aggressively .
The Federal Reserve and other central banks flooded the world with cheap money .
The United States , China , Japan and , to a lesser extent , Europe , increased spending and cut taxes .
It worked .
By early last year , within six months of the collapse of Lehman Brothers , economies were starting to recover .
The recovery has continued this year , and it has the potential to create a virtuous cycle .
Higher profits and incomes can lead to more spending — and yet higher profits and incomes .
Government stimulus , in that case , would no longer be necessary .
An internal memo from White House economists to other senior aides last week noted that policy makers “ necessarily tend to focus on the impediments to recovery . ”
But , the memo argued , the economy ’s strengths , like exports and manufacturing , “ more than make up for continued areas of weakness , like housing and commercial real estate . ”
That optimistic take , however , is more debatable today than it would have been a month or two ago .
As is often the case after a financial crisis , this recovery is turning out to be a choppy one .
Companies kept increasing pay and hours last month , for example , but did little new hiring .
On Tuesday , the Conference Board reported that consumer confidence fell sharply this month .
Inspired by a comment by Simon Marlow on Stack Overflow , about the time and space tradeoffs we make with garbage collection , particularly with a generational GCs , I wrote a small program , ghc - gc - tune , to traverse the garbage collector variable space , to see the relationship between settings and program performance .
Given a program , it will show you an ( optionally interactive ) graph of how - A and - H flags to the garbage collector affect performance .
Previously I ’ve had good success exploring multi-variable spaces for optimizations with GAs in Haskell , to find strictness flags and LLVM flag settings , so I was keen to see what the GC space looked like .
In this initial GC search , however , I do n’t use a GA , instead just measuring time as two variables change over the entire space .
Here ’s an example for the binary - trees language shootout benchmark , where the GHC default settings are known to be suboptimal ( the benchmark disallows changes to the default runtime GC settings ) :
The flags we use are :
- A , the size of the initial thread allocation area for the youngest generation .
- H , the suggested overall heap size
ghc - gc-tune , in the style of ghc - core , wraps a compiled Haskell program , and runs it with varying values of - A and - H , recording various statistics about the program .
The output can be rendered interactively , or to png , pdf or svg .
It would augment use of heap profiling , ThreadScope and ghc - core for analyzing and improving Haskell program behavior .
In this case , ghc - gc - tune recommends ﻿ the somewhat surprising ﻿- A64 k - H32 M , and binary - trees runs in 1.12s at N=16 , while for the default GC settings it completes in 1.56s .
So ghc - gc - tune found settings that improved performance by 28 % .
Nice .
I already knew that a large - A setting helped this program ( corresponding to the broad plateau for large - A values in the above graph ) , however , I was surprised to see the best result was with a very small - A setting , and medium sized - H setting , resulting in only 5 % of time spent in GC , and 36 M total allocated — the narrow valley on the far side of the graph .
Very interesting !
And is that my L2 cache in the square at x= 2 M , y = 2 M ?
Sure looks like it .
Here ’s a video of the same graph in the tool ’s interactive mode ( without any -t flag ) :
Currently , the sampling is vary simplistic , with a fixed set of logscale values taken .
A clever sampling algorithm would measure the heap used in the default case , and compute a range based on that , possibly with cutoffs for very pessimistic GC flags .
Another example : pidigits , with what I would consider far more typical behavior .
Though again , a surprisingly small - A setting does well , and there ’s an interesting pathological result with extremely large - H and very small - A settings .
You can get ghc - gc - tune from Hackage , via cabal , and note that it requires gnuplot installed .
Let me know if you find it useful , and I welcome patches !
Future work will be to graph the Z axis as space , instead of time ( so we can find GC settings that minimize the footprint ) , as well as adding other variables ( such as parallel GC settings , and varying the number of generations ) .
Since a blowout preventer cap was placed over BP ’s damaged oil well in the Gulf of Mexico last weekend , there have been repeated delays in the so - called “ well integrity tests ” to determine whether the cap can be effective in holding back the oil .
On Tuesday , Coast Guard Admiral Thad Allen delayed the tests for 24 hours out of fears that they would lead to “ irreversible leakage ” if it was found that the well bore had been damaged below the sea floor .
After a White House review , BP was told on Wednesday that it could proceed with the test , but a leak in a line leading from the cap then forced an additional one - day delay for repairs .
ADVERTISEMENT
Oil industry expert Bob Cavnar is n’t buying the official story .
He told MSNBC ’s Keith Olbermann on Wednesday that the repeated missteps cast doubt on BP ’s explanation for why the cap was necessary in the first place .
“ I do n’t understand this whole operation , ” Cavnar stated .
“ Sunday was the first time I heard the words ‘ well integrity test . ’
There ’s never been any discussion about this in their public disclosure or in anything else that I ’ve seen . …
So I ’m completely confused as to why they ’re taking this risk of damaging the well further . …
They did n’t have all these steps worked out . ”
“ They should n’t be doing this at all , ” he suggested .
“ They should be continuing with the relief well to get this thing killed . ”
Cavnar believes that BP ’s true goal is to make it harder to measure the flow of oil from the damaged well , because under the Clean Water Act , it will be liable for civil penalties of up to $ 4300 for every barrel spilled .
“ While they have every incentive to get the well killed , BP also has every incentive to not capture 100 % of the well flow until they do , ” Cavnar wrote last week at Huffington Post .
“ As soon as they do capture all the flow , then a real , measurable number will be in front of the public , and that ’s the last thing BP wants , since that number will then be used to extrapolate environmental damage , hence per barrel fines that will likely run to the tens of billions anyway . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The whole [ original ] reason for this cap was to allow two more outlets to produce to four ships so they could capture between sixty and eighty thousand barrels a day , ” Cavnar told Olbermann “ This whole business of shutting in — and shutting down the relief well — just does n’t make any sense to me at this point . …
My guess is that they ’re hoping to be able to shut down at least some of the production from the well so once they open it back up to the surface … it will be producing at a rate less than what it was ‘ open flow . ’
So it ’ll be harder to measure what the total flow was from the well when it was completely uncontrolled . ”
This video is from MSNBC ’s Countdown , broadcast July 14 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
'' I know the history of actors making music is a chequered one , but I promise no one will get hurt .
I am particularly thrilled to be working with Joe Henry , who has produced some of my favourite records of all time , and I can't wait to get started . ''
July 16 , 2010
☆ CONTEST ☆
Over the years , many of you have told me that you hoard my patterns , but have - GASP - ( and I truly mean : “ gasp ” ) never stitched a thing with them .
Seriously people , I have to steady myself on someone ’s shoulder when you say that .
So , get those Sublime Stitching patterns out !
I know you have a lot of them .
You tell me all the time that you do !
There 's no hiding now .
CHALLENGE : Sublime Stitching mashup !
I want to see the most original , stitched - up combination of Sublime Stitching patterns evar !
( Let ’s say a “ combination ” means 3 themes . )
Want some suggestions ?
Okay , how about mixing up Daniel Johnston ( like , the frog ) with Garden Variety ( maybe some bugs ) and Carson Ellis ( with pretty birds ) !
Or…pinups stroll around in the flowers with cats ?
Ooh - I know - hawks , vultures and giant squids hold an epic battle in outer space !
You can also check out the Embroidery Gallery for inspiration .
♥FABULOUS PRIZES ♥
1st Prize : $ 100 Gift Certificate from Fred Flare !
OMGSC .
2nd Prize : $ 50 Gift Certificate ( and crammed goody bag ) from Sublime Stitching !
3rd Prize : Sewing Patterns from Amy Butler !
Honorable Mention will receive this PDF from Joey 's Dream Garden !
DEADLINE TO ENTER : Aug 20th 2010 ( midnight cst )
WINNERS ANNOUNCED : Aug 27th 2010 - entries posted to the gallery !
GLAMOROUS JUDGES :
Jamie Chalmers of Mr. XStitch ~ Keith and Chris of Fred Flare ~ Natalie Zee Drieu of Craft
WHO CAN ENTER : Y♡U can enter !
( International ?
Yes ! )
HOW TO ENTER : Submit one photo of your project to the Embroidery Gallery , and call your entry : “ Combo Contest ” for identification .
If your project has a name , include it in your written description .
Only one photo of your project , please .
Only one entry per entrant , please .
Entries will not post to the gallery until announcement of winners on August 27th .
I may not be able to post every entry received , but you are free to post it anywhere you like , even before we pick our winners !
There is no cost to enter , only registration with my website ( so you can submit to the gallery ) .
✓ Enter Here !
NOT -SO - BAD RULES : Entries will be judged for creative originality , color choice , and creation of a ( loose ) thematic narrative with embroidery patterns .
No purchase necessary .
Anyone can enter regardless of skill level !
Yes !
You can make something completely original .
Yes !
You can mix original work with patterns .
Yes !
You can use other designs ( if they are properly credited with your entry ) .
Only one photo per project will be considered when submitted to the Embroidery Gallery here on Sublime Stitching .
Winners will be announced on the Sublime Stitching Blog on August 27th , 2010 .
Get stitching !
Menomena will celebrate the new record with an in - store show at 6 p.m. tonight at Music Millennium .
It 's been 3 1/2 years since
last released a record , and the good news about that period of time is this :
No one got hurt .
Physically .
As far as we know .
" Mines , " which hits stores today , was made the same way the band 's three previous records were .
They recorded hundreds of musical loops , riffed and jammed , constructed songs out of those bits and pieces , and then tore those songs apart and built them again .
And again .
And again .
This caused delay , and tension and probably some nasty e-mails -- e-mail because they rarely work in the same room .
Drummer Danny
Seim does n't seem to be exaggerating when he writes : " However , in the wake of brutal disagreements , unrelenting grudges and failed marriages ( not to mention a world full of modern terrorism , natural disasters and economic collapse ) , somehow this band is still standing . "
Whether the product is worth the acrimony is up to the individual members , but the product is a very good record .
Seim calls it art rock , but the phrase suggests a level of inaccessibility that does n't exist .
It 's a rock record , loud at times , ominous at others , full of conflict .
And it 's not like the difficulties between Seim ( who also sings ) , Brent Knopf ( keyboards , guitar , vocals ) and Justin Harris ( bass , saxophone , guitar , vocals ) are new .
Taking time out recently from figuring out how to play the new studio concoctions live , Seim noted how he came across e-mails recently from when they were recording their first record .
" It was amazing how heated it was , how intense , " he says .
" There were signs early on this was going to be no walk in the park . "
This is an edited version of the rest of that conversation .
O :
I imagine the original idea was to finish touring off the last record , come home and knock out the new one , right ?
DS :
We 've always taken forever between albums .
We 've been together for 10 years and it's our fourth record .
When we finished touring , right around the beginning of 2008 , we were all motivated to start writing and see if we could shrink the usual three - year gap down to two or 2 1 / 2 .
You can't rush certain things , Menomena records being one of those things .
O :
Ever consider just doing a sloppy punk record ?
DS :
Yeah , that 's a really good idea .
I think most of my songs probably sound like sloppy punk songs .
Maybe that 's for the next record .
O :
Go 3 1/2 days between the release of this one and the next one .
DS :
Totally .
And let the fans decide .
O :
Capitalism at its finest .
The way you describe the process , I imagine a lot of doors being slammed in the making of a Menomena record .
DS :
Funny you should mention that .
The last song on this record quite literally features the percussive sound of a door slamming .
That 's one thing I think would be great to work on -- not get frustrated and swearing off the others in the band .
I wish I could always adjust the mind - set that the end justifies the means .
When you 're in the thick of it , it 's hard to trust the other guys and know we will be happy with it .
I get caught up in the momentum thing and we just finished the last record , and the reception was good and the tours were good and I want to build on it .
And I 'm questioning my mortgage and wondering , " Are we going to get this out ? "
O :
What takes so long ?
DS :
There always are major changes to songs , right up to deadline .
And once it comes out I 'm really glad they 're made .
But it 's hard not to make that the rationale for taking longer .
There 's the whole lack of studio budget and the lack of label pressure -- but they 're also huge pressures , too .
It 's great for creative control but it sucks for maintaining any sort of deadline .
O :
How do you decide when it 's done ?
DS :
When we 're all homeless , and we pretty much have no other choice .
O :
Do you guys actually get together in the studio , or is it a process of e-mailing parts and songs and back and forth between the three of you ?
DS :
We 're all 10 or 15 minutes apart , but we 're e-mailing each other , minimizing the person - to - person contact as much as possible .
We idolize these bands that talk about their creative process being so much more collaborative .
I just think that , while the respect for our contributions has n't waned over the years , it 's become such a business relationship , in so many levels , sadly .
I hate to make it sound super dramatic , but the easy answer would be we 've learned our own individual processes so well I think getting together would be rocking the boat at this point .
O :
How does it work then when you tour ?
You have to interact then .
DS :
It works better because we 're all so focused .
We still drive ourselves around the country in our own little beat - up van .
We 've got everything mapped out .
There 's not a lot creative decisions going into it .
If Brent has a weird driving style , I might yell at him .
Mount Katahdin is the northern terminus of the Appalachian Trail
By Simon Winchester
Massachusetts
In 1937 , the Appalachian Trail was opened , running from the southern US state of Georgia to Maine in the north .
In future , could it be extended to Europe and even Africa ?
Not far from where I live - deep in the hills of western Massachusetts - runs the famous Appalachian Trail , the 2175 - mile ( 3500 km ) walking trail , getting on for a century old , and of which American east - coasters are understandably proud .
We see it when we drive to our local grocery store , where the trail crosses Route 23 .
An arrow pointing left says simply , " Georgia " and to the right , " Maine " , and in each direction the tiny pathway snakes off into the woods , in just a moment vanishing among the trees .
This is the time of year when we see people on the trail - bearded young men alone , or young couples staggering under giant rucksacks , heading north .
The IAT plan is the brainchild of fisheries biologist Dick Anderson
These are the famous " thru - walkers " , tough and ambitious types with five or six months on their hands , who decided to begin their walk among the early dogwoods down in Georgia last March , and who hope to get to Mount Katahdin in Maine by October , before the first snows fall .
Occasionally we meet them hitch - hiking - people who have decided to break off for a few hours , to get a shower in a local motel , buy some more granola bars or just call home .
Rite of passage Generally you do not pick up hitch - hikers in America these days , but with thru - walkers , we always give them a ride .
They have such tales to tell : sometimes of encounters with black bears back in Tennessee , or terrific storms on the ridges of West Virginia , or learning how to spot poison ivy , or what it was like to cross the Hudson on that vertiginous old bridge .
Why not ... persuade people with strong thighs and a very great deal of time on their hands to stroll all the way from Georgia to the Atlas Mountains , north of the Sahara ?
Most are young , and you know that , for them , " doing the AT " - as they call it - really is a rite of passage .
And now there are plans to extend the track .
I meet the planners of this new " international " AT - most of them geologists - at a gathering beside an ice - cold lake in northern Maine .
Their plans are nothing if not ambitious .
They want to take the trail not just over the Canadian border and into Quebec , New Brunswick , Nova Scotia and up to the tip of Newfoundland .
They also want it to go all around the North Atlantic Ocean .
They insist it makes good geological sense .
The forces that threw up the Appalachian chain 350 million years ago also formed mountains across North Africa , back when there was no Atlantic Ocean , when the continents were all one - the Pangaea supercontinent - and they were linked together .
So why not link them up again , by extending the walking trail and persuade people with strong thighs and a very great deal of time on their hands to stroll all the way from Georgia to the Atlas Mountains , north of the Sahara ?
Blazing a trail
The idea , mind - bogglingly mad though it sounds , appears to be catching on .
Greenland has said it will cut a short trail across its ice - free southern tip .
Iceland too , and the Faroe Islands .
Could American hikers one day finish their rite of passage in Scotland ?
There has been a communication from the people who administer the West Highland Way in Scotland to say they will probably get on board , agreeing to mark their trail with the little green AT triangles that are so familiar to us here , and painting white or blue markers , known as blazes , on trees ( the origin of the phrase " blazing a trail " ) .
The Isle of Man walking community is saying they want a piece of the action .
In Ireland , walkers are full of enthusiasm .
In western France , and in Galicia - where there 's already a famous walk to Santiago de Compostela - and down in the cork forest of southern Spain , there is interest .
And from there it is just a short hop across to Africa , and the hills of Morocco .
The Berbers have been very accommodating , say the people in Maine , and especially the geologists in Casablanca .
Small problem
All this talk is going on in the brooding shadow of Mt Katahdin in Maine , while it still has cornices of late snow on its upper cliffs .
Maps are brought out , routes planned , pictures swapped .
I tell the chief planner how I liked seeing the thru - walkers crossing Route 23 back near home , with the sign pointing to Georgia one way , and that maybe it would soon say Morocco instead of Maine .
But then I ask : " What about the sea ? " " Ah , yes " , he replied .
" The sea .
A bit of a problem , true , but we 'll manage .
Got to have the vision first .
That 's just a detail .
" You 'll see Morocco on the signboard soon , I guarantee .
And you know , they have just as much snow there as we do here in Maine .
" Same rocks , same snow .
It all makes such good sense . "
How to listen to : From our own Correspondent Radio 4 : Saturdays , 1130 .
Second weekly edition on Thursdays , 1100 ( some weeks only ) World Service :
See programme schedules Download the podcast Listen on iPlayer Story by story at the programme website
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
France to sell two Mistral - class warships to Russia Published duration 23 July 2010
image caption
The Mistral - class warship is capable of carrying helicopters and troops
France has agreed to build two advanced warships for the Russian navy , French President Nicolas Sarkozy has said .
The ships are part of a deal - which alarmed France 's Nato allies - to supply Mistral - class vessels .
The 23,000 - tonne warships , costing $ 388 m ( £ 254 m ) each , can carry troops or helicopters and are used in amphibious assaults .
In February it was announced that France had agreed to build one vessel and Russia had requested three others .
' Russian friends '
Mr Sarkozy said the details of the contract were still being settled .
" With our Russian friends , you are going to build the two BPCs , " Mr Sarkozy told workers at the STX shipyard in Saint - Nazaire , using the French abbreviation for the ships .
" We 're still negotiating the contract , but the decision to go ahead is certain . "
The deal , which is the first of its kind between France and its Cold War enemy , has caused alarm in Nato , as there are fears it will give Russia more cutting - edge technology .
In February a US official told reporters the US " had questions " for France about the order .
WATERLOO — For just over a year now , Rob Green and Peter Nesbitt have been building a robot supervillain .
But fear not , citizens .
The robot is fictitious .
Since last May , Green and Nesbitt have been working together to build a model Dalek , the robo- antagonist from the popular British science - fiction television show Doctor Who .
And while those unfamiliar with the show might not understand all the fuss , Green said that for a pair of men who grew up watching Doctor Who , the project was a great stroll down memory lane .
“ As soon as Nesbitt told me about this idea , I said , ‘ Wow , we have to do this , ’ ” said Green , noting that he ’s been watching Doctor Who for as long as he can remember .
“ I grew up with this as a kid , and building this thing really took me back to when I was four or five , so it ’s been pretty amazing . ”
The idea for the project came from Nesbitt , who stumbled across a Dalek - building website — www.projectdalek.co.uk — that featured blueprints and tips for construction .
Right from the get - go , Green said he was hooked on the idea of owning a heartless Doctor Who villain .
“ This project really had total nerd value , ” said Green , who said he ’s seen almost all of the series ’ 700 - plus episodes since its inception in the 1960s .
“ We looked at the website and thought , ‘ How cool would it be to have one of these things sitting in your living room ? ’
Then we got started . ”
Work began last May , with Green and Nesbitt scouring their homes and communities to find the various parts — including a toilet plunger , paint roller and old Christmas ornaments — needed to pull the villainous robot together .
Construction took the better part of 12 months and cost around $ 1,500 in total .
Now standing about five feet , six inches tall , and being large enough to fit the six - foot Green inside , the gold Dalek features movable weaponry , a wheelchair motor and even a voice modulator so the machine , named Auric , can say the villain ’s signature catchphrase — “ Exterminate ! ”
The Dalek is operated manually by a person sitting inside , and both Green and Nesbitt said they ’ve been getting a mix of amazed and puzzled glances from people who have seen their handiwork around town .
The two men describe themselves as big Doctor Who fans , saying that while many unfamiliar with the show might not recognize the robot , the Dalek is a television icon in the U.K .
Doctor
Who , which has been running on and off since 1963 , is one of the most popular sci-fi series in the U.K. , and has seen airtime on TVO , CBC and Space channel in Canada .
As one of the series ’ chief villains , Daleks have their own cult following in Britain , and have even been featured on a 1999 U.K. postage stamp .
While Green and Nesbitt do n’t expect many Canadians to know what a Dalek is , Green said he hopes to use it at various conventions and functions around the region , including a block barbecue near his Waterloo computer store Friday in support of the local food bank .
And though Daleks have been known to leave a trail of death and destruction in their wake on Doctor Who , Nesbitt promises that this Dalek will be used for good .
“ I do n’t think it will be used for evil , ” he joked .
“ We hope to use it for conventions and charity , if possible . ”
The local Dalek ’s completion also comes just as the current season of Doctor Who is ending , as the Space channel will be airing the season finale next Saturday .
That will also be followed by an interactive live show featuring an expert panel , never - seen - before interviews and a live web chat for fans .
More information at www.spacecast.com.
Waterloo Region Record
Rachel Maddow talked to Mike Blum of Tulane University about how the booms being used to contain , or rather not contain , the oil in the Gulf and keep it off of the Louisiana shoreline and out of the marshes are not working .
As Rachel notes , you do n't have to know anything about booming to know that what 's been put out has been done incorrectly and is pretty well useless .
For anyone that did n't catch this a few weeks ago , Fishgrease at Daily KOS wrote a diary on what a proper f**king boom looks like and it's not safe for work .
What Rachel just showed in the clip above looks like what Fishgrease describes as f**king useless .
Diary here Fishgrease : DKos Booming School and it's been made into a video at You Tube which is also not safe for work , so do n't hit the play button on the video below if it 's going to get you in trouble .
While the squid is a more “ epically resonant creature , ” Mr. Miéville says that he is in fact “ a partisan of the octopus . ”
( His earrings turn out not to be totems of aggression at all , but silver casts of baby octopus tentacles , a gift from his girlfriend , an American doctor .
He also has some little octopus figurines in his bathroom . )
To call “ Kraken ” a squid - napping caper is about as accurate as saying that “ King Lear ” is about property rights .
Among the many topics that bubble beneath the wild imagination at play are millennial anxiety , religious cults , the relationship between the citizen and the state and the role of fate and free will .
“ The book is intended to be kind of a romp , ” Mr. Miéville said .
“ What happens if two apocalypses are scheduled to happen at the same time ?
How cosmologically embarrassing ! ”
Read one way , the book is part of a long insiders ’ dialogue between Mr. Miéville and his genre friends .
“ It ’s a very referential book , designed to tease geek culture  my tribe , ” he said .
Those sorts of readers find a thicket of playful allusions to classic and contemporary science fiction and fantasy stories .
For nonfantasy readers , there are references to works like “ The Crying of Lot 49 , ” the Saki short story “ Sredni Vashtar , ” and the movie “ Fantasia . ”
And Trekkies will be tickled by the long riff on teleportation , or travel by “ beaming up , ” a facet of “ Star Trek ” that has long irritated Mr. Miéville because , in his view , it entails ripping people apart and then piecing them , inadequately , back together .
“ I spent much of my youth soul - suckingly horrified by ‘ Star Trek ’ and not understanding why no one else could understand that it was a charnel ship manned by ghosts , because you die every time you teleport ! ” Mr. Miéville said .
“ It freaked me out . ”
None of Mr. Miéville ’s books is quite like the one before .
For a trilogy set in a fictional universe , he invented a world so richly imagined it makes Tolkien ’s Middle Earth look plodding .
“ Un Lun Dun , ” a children ’s book , is a Neil Gaimanesque tale of the mystical London beneath the surface .
Cheryl Kernot is taking another tilt in politics and standing as an independent senator for New South Wales .
A statement released by Ms Kernot today says she plans to run under the banner " Change politics " on a joint ticket with former Manly councillor Simon Cant .
Ms Kernot was leader of the Democrats from 1993 to 1997 before she famously defected to Labor to contest the 1998 election .
She served as the MP for Dickson in Brisbane from 1998 and was a frontbencher until the Liberal Party 's Peter Dutton ousted her in 2001 .
In a statement Ms Kernot says she decided to make another run for politics after being encouraged to do so by members of the public .
" I share their expressed despair at the quality and expense of our current election campaign with its narrow , superficial focus and avoidance of the complex and challenging issues facing us as a nation and a global citizen , " she said .
" This is such an important election and we are much more than a nation defined by a worm 's judgement .
" I 've learned a great deal from my previous parliamentary experiences , and I believe I still have something constructive to contribute to Australian political life .
Instead of just commenting , I am willing to ' have a go ' in this last phase of my working life . "
Ms Kernot said she only decided to run in this election last Tuesday and has now taken leave without pay from her job as director of social business at the Centre for Social Impact at the University of New South Wales .
But the group only decided to actually contest the election last Tuesday evening .
She says she has not been a member of a political party for " some time " .
After Ms Kernot left politics journalist Laurie Oakes sensationally revealed that she and senior Labor minister Gareth Evans had been having an affair while she was still in the Democrats .
Mr Oakes defended his decision to reveal the affair because Professor Evans was one of the people lobbying her to move to Labor .
Ms Kernot took over from John Coulter as Democrats leader in 1993 and was seen as a popular leader with the public .
After she left the Democrats Meg Lees took her place but the party started to disintegrate after it split over the GST .
The last of the Democrats senators left the Senate in 2008 .
Conservationists are in the Dominican Republic attempting to save one of the world 's most strange and ancient mammals - the Hispaniolan solenodon .
While trying to track down one of these creatures , The Last Survivors team is also trying to find out exactly how this animal has been able to survive for a remarkable 76 million years .
It is pitch black .
Splashes of light from our torches illuminate patches of the vast cavern we are standing in , every now and then highlighting bats as they swoop above .
Fine dust swirls , coating everything .
The last few remains of a human skeleton sit ominously close to the entrance - but that is not why the scientists are here .
Image caption Bones - including some human ones - are easy to find in the cave
It is the piles of tiny bones poking out , here and there , on the sediment and bat dropping caked floor that are attracting all the attention .
We are in a cave nestled in a cliff face in the Dominican Republic 's tropical forests .
It is reached by a startlingly steep ascent , then a deep drop into darkness .
Scientists think it could hold one of the keys to finding out how the Hispaniolan solenodon has been able to survive for so long , while nearly all other life around it has died out .
' Living fossil '
But before we get to the cave , we need to rewind a little .
Seventy - six million years , in fact .
To the time when dinosaurs roamed the Earth .
This is when a hunk of land attached to the great landmass that today forms North America broke away , taking with it some insectivorous mammals - the ancestors of the solenodon .
The solenodon has been around for 76 million years
On the trail of a ' living fossil '
These creatures might not have looked much different to the animal we are hoping to spot on this expedition .
Conservation palaeontologist Sam Turvey , from the Zoological Society of London who is working on The Last Survivors project and the Edge of Existence Programme , says : " There is this concept of the solenodon being a ' living fossil ' , because it does seem to have retained certain , potentially ancient , features . "
One of these is the groove in its teeth , which allows it to inject venom into passing insect prey - a unique feature , among today 's mammals .
Dino - disaster
This lump of land carrying these strange animals , would later , after a few more breaks and fractures , become the island of Hispaniola , which contains the Dominican Republic and Haiti .
But just 11 million years after it slowly began to drift away from the supercontinent , devastation hit nearby .
Image caption
This image of a solendon jaw bone shows the groove in its tooth
A colossal space rock , 10 - 15 km across , smashed into the Earth at the northern edge of what is now the Yucatan Peninsula , wiping out the dinosaurs that had dominated the world until that point .
Dr Turvey says : " The Caribbean islands were much closer to the mainland then , and this would have been close to ' ground zero ' . "
In the immediate aftermath , the impact would have caused massive rises in temperature and giant tsumamis .
Later , the planet would have been shrouded in darkness , casting a devastating shadow over any animal hoping to survive .
Yet , while the dinosaurs and much other prehistoric life perished , somehow - and theories abound that it might have been because it burrowed - the solenodon survived .
Image caption
The impact crater from the giant space rock is buried under Mexico 's Yucatan Peninsula and is visible from space
Skip forward a few more tens of millions of years , and the solenodon proves itself a champion survivor once again .
First , by coping with the super - hot " greenhouse Earth " of the Eocene Period , then major changes in global ecosystems , and later , the Ice Age .
But stop the clock at 6,000 years ago , and suddenly the plucky mammal had to contend with one of the biggest threats to Caribbean fauna to date - humans .
if you want to find the smoking gun responsible for these extinctions , you need to find out exactly when these animals actually disappeared Dr Sam Turvey , ZSL
Before humans arrived , there were about 25 land mammals on the island .
But one by one they died out , leaving only the solenodon and a rodent called the The Last Survivors Hispaniolan hutia as the last mammals standing .
What had happened ?
Dr Turvey says : " If you want to find the smoking gun responsible for these extinctions , you need to find out exactly when these animals actually disappeared . "
And so , back to the cave .
Within just a few moments of entering the dusty tomb , hidden away in a dark corner , we stumble across a fossil treasure trove .
Image caption
These pygmy sloth bones were discovered in the cave
As the layers of dust are carefully swept away , tiny bones begin to emerge .
" A giant hutia …
That 's a pygmy sloth …
Here 's a spiny rat , " exclaims Dr Turvey
All several thousand years old .
And all now extinct .
Finds like this provide a window into the past : through carbon dating , the researchers can find out exactly when the different species died out .
And then they can see whether the extinctions can be linked to humans or other changes on the island .
No bones ?
In his extensive trawls through caves like this one , Dr Turvey has noticed a strange anomaly - a lack of solenodon bones .
He has only found a couple of tiny fragments of ancient solenodons , despite months and months of searching .
But fossil finds of now - extinct species have been much more common .
Image caption Dr Turvey found few solenodon fossils , such as this tooth
Dr Turvey says : " This raises a lot of important questions - and rightfully so .
" Why did these species die out while the solenodons survived ?
What were the key ecological differences between these species ? "
In their more recent history , solenodons have faced greater threats still .
When Christopher Columbus arrived in Hispaniola in 1492 , rats began to leap off his ships onto the island , causing havoc .
But , while others perished , the solenodon survived the rat onslaught .
Dr Turvey thinks the venomous beasts may have been so resilient thanks to what he describes as the " Goldilocks hypothesis " .
Very small mammals , such as the now - extinct pygmy shrew , could have easily have become the victims of the black rats .
Whereas the solenodon , which is close to rabbit - sized , probably had fewer problems with rats thanks to its heftier bulk .
Image caption
The rat invasion can be traced to the arrival of the first Europeans
But while the solenodon is bigger , it is not too big , which according to Dr Turvey , means it probably escaped the attention of hungry humans .
He explains : " If you are hunting something for dinner , you 're more likely to go for something like a sloth or a monkey . "
So , he says , it is possible that solenodon is a sort of " halfway house " - not too small and not too big .
He adds : " Like in Goldilocks , they 're just right . "
Ultimate survivors
Whatever happened to make the solenodon the ultimate survivor , allowing it to hang on against all the odds , the researchers fear that more modern problems like deforestation and the threats from very recent introductions , such as mongoose and dogs , could put a stop to its 76 - million - year story .
But researchers say that delving into the solenodon 's history could help to ensure its future .
As we emerge from the darkness of the cave and begin to prepare for our next night - trek into the forest , where we will try to come face to face with one of these fanged furballs , Dr Turvey takes a last look back into the cave .
Trying to piece together the puzzle of what happened to Hispaniola 's mammals in the past , he says , might just help us to figure out how to save these last survivors today .
The Last Survivors project involves Jersey 's Durrell Wildlife Conservation Trust , the Zoological Society of London ( ZSL ) , the Hispaniolan Ornithological Society ( SOH ) and the Dominican Republic 's national zoo and environment ministry .
It is funded by a grant from the UK Government 's Darwin Initiative .
()
HOUSTON — Exxon Mobil Corp .'s second - quarter earnings jumped 91 % , helped by higher commodities prices and a surge in refining profits and production .
Exxon 's quarterly results released Thursday show the rebound of the refining business , which was badly hurt last year by a decline in fuel demand during the economic downturn .
Refining margins ...
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Reading through the trove of documents released by WikiLeaks Sunday , one could come away with the impression that members of Afghanistan ’s discipline - challenged security forces spend more time fighting each other than they do the Taliban .
Among the 92,000 documents released by the group are dozens of reports detailing so - called “ green - on - green ” incidents , the military ’s term for friendly fire episodes involving Afghan personnel .
Here the phrase “ friendly fire ” ( what the US military dubs “ blue - on - blue ” when it involves American or coalition service members ) is a bit misleading .
While some reported green - on - greens involved accidental shootings — like when a trio of police officers were engaging in “ horseplay ” and shot an official from Afghanistan ’s National Security Directorate and another man — many are the result of score - settling and disputes , occasionally drug - fueled , that turn violent .
Many of these internecine conflicts pit members of the Afghan National Army ( ANA ) against the Afghan National Police ( ANP ) .
If even remotely representative of the professionalism of the ANA and ANP , these incident reports make Hamid Karzai ’s goal of taking over primary control of security by 2014 seem like a pipe dream — and seriously call into question whether the Obama administration can deliver on its strategy .
What follows are some lowlights ( spelling mistakes , etc. in the originals ) :
In this episode last November US military personnel — who surely have more important things to do — were forced step in as peacemakers when an altercation between the ANA and ANP turned violent :
ANA [ Afghan National Army ] and ANP [ Afghan National Police ] get into a verbal engagement , and the ANP shot the ANA in the Chest .
… ANA are trying to mass on the old bridge however we have elements on the ground … holding both ANP and ANA back .
But right now there is tension b/w ANA and ANP ANA died of wounds .
You know what they say about drugs making you paranoid .
Circa February 2008 :
At 1747Z , TF Helmand reported 1x ANP was in the public shower smoking hash .
2 ANA walked in , the ANP felt threatened and a fire fight occurred .
The ANP fled the scene and was later shot .
A military analyst reported that this incident , which he speculated might have occured because “ tempers were likely high due to Ramadan fasting , ” would “ significantly aid the insurgeny [ SIC ] . ”
Last night approx .
1745L , an ANP driving a Ranger smacked an ANA with the door in the bizaar .
The ANA was armed but not in uniform .
The ANP driver was not in a uniform either .
The ANP and ANA argued , and the ANA shot 3 civilians .
All are recovering in the hospital in Mehtar Lam 1 km outside the FOB .
The ANA also shot the ANP Ranger .
At least 7 bullet holes were confirmed .
This policeman , who eventually died of his wounds , was the victim of an ANA warning shot — to the head :
5 ANP in AO Zormat attempted to desert this morning and walked away from their post .
A group of ANA at the same post offered the ANP commander to go after his missing ANP to recover their weapons if they were quitting and try to persuade them to come back so that they would not be captured by ACM .
About 5 minutes later , the ANA came back with a wounded ANP ( gunshot wound to head . )
Their story is that they tried to fire a warning shot and accidentally hit the ANP PAX [ person ] .
In this case , ANA personnel were apparently forced to take action against members of the police who murdered an innocent street vendor after trying to rob him :
ANP were seen approaching local vendors in Bazaar e Panjawayi , they tried to take / steal a propane cylinder from the vendor , the vendor got upset so the ANP murdered him , 1x KIA LN , the second LN tried to stop what was going on and the ANP injured him , 1x LN WIA , ANA viewed this action from across the street in Bazaar e Panjawai , once shooting occurred they returned fire at the ANP , soon after the ANA cuffed all ANP , ANA then searched ANP compound finding 107 mm rockets , mines , 1:50000 maps and electronic equipment .
Another involving criminal activity by the ANP :
6X ANA RANGERS WERE DRIVING BY A CP IN ADRESKAN DISTRICT AND OBSERVED AN ANP CP POLICE OFFICER TAKING MONEY FROM A CIVILIAN TRUCK DRIVER .
ANA INVESTIGATED AND FOUND THE POLICE OFFICER WAS TAKING A BRIBE , SO THEY ATTACKED AND BEAT THE ANP OFFICER .
A FIRE FIGHT ENSUED BETWEEN THE ANA AND ANP LASTING 15 MINUTES .
THERE WERE TWO ANA WOUNDED AND EVACUATED TO HERAT HOSPITAL .
If the Afghan police arrive to settle a dispute , take cover :
Reports suggest that a dispute broke out between LN ’s [ local national ’s ] over land .
AUP [ Afghan Uniformed Police ] were dispatched to settle the dispute .
Due to tribal ties and family relationships to the LN ’s involved in the dispute , AUP split and elements of AUP sided with different LN’s .
The situation then escalated and a shooting broke out resulting in the 2 x AUP WIA [ wounded in action ] and 1 x AUP KIA [ killed in action ] .
Picture the Three Stooges — except that two of them have AK - 47s :
TWO ANP SOLDIERS STATIONED AT THE MUNOZ DC GOT INTO AN ARGUMENT AND ONE OF THE ANP SOLDIERS HIT THE OTHER ONE IN THE HEAD .
THE ANP SOLDIER WHO WAS HIT IN THE HEAD RETALIATED AND SHOT THE OTHER ANP SOLDIER IN THE LEFT LEG .
Finally , WTF :
MELBOURNE airport in Australia was thrown into turmoil Saturday following a bizarre incident where an intruder crossed the tarmac and went for a joyride in a motorized cart stolen from a hangar .
The man was eventually grabbed after zooming around in the cart he stole from the Virgin hangar shortly after scaling the airport 's security fences , the Herald Sun reported .
He was apprehended by Virgin staff , police officers and airport security .
Following the incident some flights were delayed and passengers were taken off a Tiger Airways plane nearby and rescreened in case the incident was part of a broader security breach .
The intruder , believed to be an Italian national , is understood to have attracted the attention of authorities in Sydney by acting strangely and arriving with little money .
He is understood to have flown to Melbourne in the last 24 hours but it appears he had not actually left the area around the airport .
He re-entered the airport just after 6:00 am Saturday and cut himself badly on the security wire on the top of the airport 's perimeter fences .
Originally published as Stolen cart taken for joyride on tarmac
From the ' Firefox 4 Is n't Enough To Keep Us Busy ' files :
Mozilla is perhaps best known today for its Firefox web browser .
Underlying that browser however is the open source license that enables its development community to thrive .
The Mozilla Public License ( MPL ) has remained nearly untouched since 1999 and now at long last is undergoing a process of evolution .
It 's a process that will at long last sever some of the last legal language links that Mozilla had with Netscape too .
Back in 2008 , Mozilla 's Mitchell Baker told me that it was about time that the MPL get some attention .
Strangely , it 's now that the first alpha release of the next MPL is now making the rounds , as Mozilla developers work on Firefox 4 and the leadership of Mozilla itself is in transition .
I guess they just were n't busy enough ...
What makes the MPL important in my opinion is n't just the fact that it's one of the key licenses under which Firefox is developed , but the fact that the MPL is also a widely used license by others .
No , it does n't have the same wide usage as the GPL in terms of project numbers , but it 's still a major force to be reckoned with .
Alot has changed in the last decade , patents are a bigger issue , web / cloud based delivery is increasingly becoming the norm and mashing things up is the way that most applications are built today .
The first draft of the new MPL is still quite early and it's obvious to me that there is alot of work yet to be done .
Among the goals of the new MPL is to make the language simpler and to be able to provide a template for others to use the MPL without ( much if any ) modification .
Among the changes that I noticed is the fact that in the new MPL 2.0 draft , the name ' Netscape ' is now being deleted from the license .
For example section 11.1 of the current MPL states :
" Netscape Communications Corporation ( \ Netscape " ) may publish revised and / or Mozilla Foundation is the license steward . "
That 's a change that 's a long time coming and shows the age of the MPL .
When it was last modified , Netscape ( the birthplace of Mozilla ) was still a thriving concern .
Netscape is now dead and gone and at long last its successor is moving on now too .
Pakistan in polling vs. Pakistan in practice
Yesterday , the Pew Research Center ’s Global Attitudes Project , which conducts public opinion surveys around the world , released a new poll on Pakistani perceptions based on face - to - face interviews conducted from April 13 to April 28 , 2010 .
However , the sample size is relatively small — 2,000 Pakistani adults out of a population of 180 million — and admittedly " disproportionately urban . "
Moreover , while Pew polled people in Punjab , Sindh , Balochistan , and Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa ( formerly NWFP ) , portions of Balochistan and K - P were not included because of instability .
Pakistan ’s tribal areas ( FATA ) , Gilgit - Baltistan , and Azad Jammu and Kashmir were also not included in the survey , leading me to question how reflective Pew ’s poll results are of Pakistan ’s entire population .
The results were , for the most part , unsurprising , and paint a grim picture of Pakistani attitudes in the wake of militancy , military operations , a worsening economy , and political instability .
For example , an overwhelming number of Pakistanis polled continue to have a negative view of the United States ( 68 percent ) , and a majority of Pakistanis ( 53 percent ) see India as the greatest threat to the country , over the Taliban ( 23 percent ) and al - Qaeda ( 3 percent ) .
Much like last year ’s
Pew survey , the majority of Pakistanis polled say they are dissatisfied with the way things are going in the country , citing terrorism , crime , and a lack of jobs as very big issues .
Some of the most interesting results relate to attitudes toward religion , law , and society .
According to the findings , " Pakistani Muslims overwhelmingly welcome Islamic influence over their country ’s politics .
Nearly nine - in - ten ( 88 percent ) of those who see Islam playing a large role say that is a good thing . "
Moreover , many Muslims in Pakistan say there is a struggle between groups that want to modernize their country and Islamic fundamentalists ( 44 percent ) , and of those who see a struggle , most identify with the modernizers ( 61 percent ) .
At the same time though , a solid majority of Pakistanis polled said they would favor making gender segregation in the workplace a law in the country ( 85 percent ) , as well as punishments like whippings and cutting off of hands for crimes like theft and robbery ( 82 percent ) , and stoning people who commit adultery ( 82 percent ) .
So what explains this obvious paradox between people who side with modernization but simultaneously support punishments like stoning and flogging ?
According to Peter Mandaville , professor of Government and Islamic Studies at George Mason University and author of Global Political Islam , this reflects " a mistaken tendency to conflate modernization with the adoption of liberal social and religious values .
When many Pakistanis think of " modernizing " their country , they think primarily in terms of economic development and technology — both of which can comfortably coexist alongside conservative religious attitudes . "
Although Pakistan has drifted right of center over the last three decades , the aforementioned findings seem to be contradicted by the reality on the ground .
Cyril Almeida , an assistant editor and columnist at Dawn , noted that though Pakistani Muslims overwhelmingly welcome an Islamic influence over the country ’s politics , citizens continue to " consistently reject religious parties at the polls . "
The alliance of Islamist parties in Pakistan , the MMA , was trounced at the 2008 polls , managing to win only a miserable 2.2 percent of the vote .
Moreover , a rise in public opinion against militancy in 2008 was in part due to a video showing the Taliban flogging a girl in Swat Valley , images that generated outrage in Pakistan .
Almeida emphasized , " Pakistanis have certain fairly rigid conceptions of what is religiously permissible and what is n’t .
This is n’t to say they will always do what they believe is required of them — but when a survey puts certain questions , they ’re more likely to respond to what ought to be than what they do . "
The framing of survey questions can help explain contradictory quantitative data .
In the case of the results generated in Pew ’s Religion , Law , and Society section of the survey , respondents were asked black - and - white questions , like , " Do you favor or oppose making stoning people who commit adultery the law in Pakistan ? "
According to Moeed Yusuf , a South Asia Advisor at the U.S. Institute of Peace , much of the so - called " Muslim World " find it difficult to go against anything seen as ordained by Islam .
He added , " At an abstract level , Islam remains important to even the most secular of Muslims — remember Islam is very candid about state and religion being an integrated whole ( at least in the classic narrative ) and so such questions would elicit such responses . "
When faced with a choice between what they are supposed to say and what they actually practice , respondents tend to match abstract questions with equally abstract answers .
However , Yusuf noted , " Do they want to be flogged or stoned for the same sin ?
No way .
What about their own family members ?
Most probably not . "
But issues related to such punishments continue unabated in Pakistan ( Just last week , media outlets reported that a couple was sentenced to stoning to death for alleged adultery in a tribal court in Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa ) .
This suggests that quantitative data cannot capture the nuances and complexities of identity and society .
In the case of the Pew opinion survey , the data provides an important snapshot of some Pakistani attitudes , but it is by no means the whole picture .
Kalsoom Lakhani is director of Social Vision , the strategic philanthropy arm of ML Resources in Washington , D.C. She is from Islamabad , Pakistan , and blogs at CHUP , or Changing Up Pakistan .
And so it begins .
The so - called iPhone 4 " death grip " has resulted in a class - action lawsuit , filed Wednesday on behalf of two Maryland residents who accused Apple and AT&T of negligence , fraud , and deceptive trade practices , among other things .
And so it begins .
The so - called " death grip " has resulted in a class - action lawsuit , filed Wednesday on behalf of two Maryland residents who accused Apple and AT&T of negligence , fraud , and deceptive trade practices , among other things .
Kevin McCaffrey and Linda Wrinn pre-ordered the iPhone 4 on June 15 and said the devices they received were " defective . "
" [ They ] have experienced numerous dropped calls , and as a result , [ they ] are left with a device that cannot be used for the normal purpose and in the normal manner in which such devices are intended to be used , " according to court documents .
Two more class - action lawsuits were filed in San Francisco a day earlier , separate cases that also alleged that Apple shipped the iPhone 4 with an unannounced defect , Bloomberg reported .
The iPhone 4 started shipping to customers in late June .
Reports soon emerged that holding the phone with fingers covering the three black lines on the phone 's edge and the bottom left corner caused its data reception to plummet .
This " iPhone 4 death grip " was , but that " gripping any phone will result in some attenuation of its antenna performance . "
Placing a cover on the device apparently eliminates death grip issues .
Apple is also that will alleviate connection problems .
Steve Jobs also .
An Engadget reader e-mailed the Apple chief executive complaining that he loses reception when he places his hands on the steel bands .
" Just avoid holding it that way , " Jobs responded .
That e-mail exchange made its way into Wednesday 's class - action lawsuit , which also mentions a similar response to a Gizmodo reader as evidence of Apple 's negligence .
McCaffrey and Wrinn both pre-ordered two iPhone 4's on or around June 15 .
McCaffrey received his on June 24 ; Wrinn received hers three days ago .
" Almost immediately after the purchase of their iPhone 4 devices , both McCaffrey and Wrinn began to experience significantly reduced reception and performance when handling the phones as demonstrated in Apple 's advertisements or as a reasonable person would handle a mobile telephone while making phone calls , browsing the Internet , sending text messages , or utilizing other services provided by the iPhone 4 , " the suit said .
The suit pointed to advertisements promising improved reception and improved service overall as examples of both companies ' deceptive trade practices .
The duo cannot return their phones without incurring a re-stocking fee , the court said .
Apple charges a 10 percent re-stocking fee on any opened hardware or accessory , according to its Web site .
As a result , McCaffrey and Wrinn are suing for damages " and other remedies . "
Overall , the suit accuses Apple of defect in design , manufacturer , and assembly as well as breach of express warranty .
Apple and AT&T are accused of general negligence , breach of warranty , deceptive trade practices , intentional misrepresentation , negligent misrepresentation , and fraud by concealment .
In related news , there are also rumors that a California lawsuit is prepping an iPhone 4 class - action suit of its own .
Gawker posted a link to the Web site for law firm Kershaw , Cutter & Ratinoff , which is looking for people who are having iPhone 4 reception problems .
This is not the first reception - related lawsuit Apple has faced over the iPhone .
In August 2008 , an Alabama woman over reception and speed problems with the iPhone 3G .
That was in September 2008 , which cited the same issues .
Editor 's Note :
This story was updated at 11:47 AM PT with details of the additional lawsuits .
... or can they ?
In case Apple has somehow managed to perfect the art of selective disremembrance across a wide population , here 's a refresher : Consumer Reports has thrown down the gauntlet , stating that it " ca n't recommend " the iPhone 4 until the antenna issues are fixed , issues that its labs and ours have verified quite substantially .
Apple apparently is n't happy about that , and has taken to deleting threads about the Consumer Reports article from its support forums .
Now , Apple deleting threads from its support forums is nothing new ; outside of " regular " moderation , the company routinely deletes discussion of hardware flaws that it's not ready to ' fess up to , or just generally negative lines of thought about its products .
Good thing the internet 's a big place , and if Apple 's not going to admit the antenna issue , there are plenty of ways to gripe about it .
Feel free to express yourself in the comments below , for instance !
What do our opponents mean when they apply to us the label , " Liberal " ?
If by " Liberal " they mean , as they want people to believe , someone who is soft in his policies abroad , who is against local government , and who is unconcerned with the taxpayer 's dollar , then the record of this party and its members demonstrate that we are not that kind of " Liberal . "
But , if by a " Liberal , " they mean someone who looks ahead and not behind , someone who welcomes new ideas without rigid reactions , someone who cares about the welfare of the people - their health , their housing , their schools , their jobs , their civil rights , and their civil liberties - someone who believes that we can break through the stalemate and suspicions that grip us in our policies abroad , if that is what they mean by a " Liberal , " then I 'm proud to say that I 'm a " Liberal . "
[ Applause . ]
But first , I would like to say what I understand the word , " Liberal , " to mean and explain in the process why I consider myself to be a " Liberal , " and what it means in the presidential election of 1960 .
In short , having set forth my views - I hope for all time - 2 nights ago in Houston , on the proper relationship between church and state , I want to take this opportunity to set forth my views on the proper relationship between the state and the citizen .
This is my political credo :
I believe in human dignity as the source of national purpose , in human liberty as the source of national action , and the human heart as the source of national compassion , and in the human mind as the source of our invention and our ideas .
It is , I believe , this faith in our fellow citizens as individuals and as people that lies at the heart of the liberal faith , for liberalism is not so much a party creed or a set of fixed platform promises as it is an attitude of mind and heart , a faith in man 's ability through the experiences of his reason and judgment to increase for himself and his fellow men the amount of Justice and freedom and brotherhood which all human life deserves .
[ Applause . ]
I believe also in the United States of America , in the promise that it contains and has contained throughout our history of producing a society so abundant and creative and so free and responsible that it cannot only fulfill the aspirations of its citizens , but serve equally well as a beacon for all mankind .
I do not believe in a super state .
I see no magic to tax dollars which are sent to Washington and then returned .
I abhor the waste and incompetence of large - scale Federal bureaucracies in this administration , as well as in others .
I do not favor state compulsion when voluntary individual effort can do the job and do it well .
But I believe in a government which acts , which exercises its full powers and its full responsibilities .
Government is an art and a precious obligation ; and when it has a job to do , I believe it should do it .
And this requires not only great ends but that we propose concrete means of achieving them .
Our responsibility is not discharged by an announcement of virtuous ends .
Our responsibility is to achieve these objectives with social invention , with political skill , and executive vigor .
I believe for these reasons , that liberalism is our best and our only hope in the world today .
[ Applause . ]
For the liberal society is a free society , and it is at the same time and for that reason a strong society .
Its strength is drawn from the will of free people committed to great ends and peacefully striving to meet them .
Only liberalism , in short , can repair our national power , restore our national purpose , and liberate our national energies .
And the only basic issue in the 1960 presidential campaign is whether our Government will fall in a conservative rut and die there , or whether we will move ahead in the liberal spirit of daring , of breaking new ground , of doing in our generation what Woodrow Wilson and Franklin Roosevelt and Harry Truman and Adlai Stevenson did in their time of influence and responsibility .
[ Applause . ]
Tim Burton may re-team with screenwriter John August for Monsterpocalypse .
The movie is based on a strategy board game involving miniatures .
Heat Vision reports that DreamWorks is currently in negotiations with August to take the gig , but Burton is n’t officially on board yet either .
If the two do team - up again , it will be their fourth collaboration following Big Fish , Charlie and the Chocolate Factory , and Corpse Bride .
The pair are also developing Dark Shadows with Johnny Depp attached to star , as well as a 3D stop- motion animation version of Burton ’s 1984 short film , Frankenweenie .
Hit the jump for why this Monsterpocalypse reunion is easier said than done .
The big issue regarding August , Burton , and Monsterpocalypse is scheduling .
According to Heat Vision , Dark Shadows — which is based off the spooky daytime ’60s TV show — could shoot at the end of the year , but Depp may be worn out after shooting the action film The Tourist and then the fourth Pirates of the Caribbean movie this summer .
Furthermore , if Burton takes up Monsterpocalypse , that would push back Dark Shadows and Warner Bros — the studio behind the film — would be less than pleased .
As Heat Vision notes , the longer it takes for a project to get into develop , the faster that project loses heat .
So where does this all lead ?
I have no idea .
I do know that Burton and August are 1 for 3 at this point , but I love Big Fish so that counts in their favor .
But following Alice in Wonderland , Burton is now in this crazy place where he can do any project he wants .
That ’s what happens when you make the fifth highest grossing ( worldwide ) movie of all time .
by Miguel de Icaza
Mono 's source code is being migrated to GitHub on July 22nd , starting at 9 am Boston time .
We are psyched that Github was kind enough to host Mono 's large repositories for free on their system .
We are also taking advantage of their new Organizations functionality .
Gonzalo posted the following details about the migration :
We are moving our source code repository to GitHub .
On July 22nd ~ 9 am EDT ( 1300 GMT ) the subversion repository at " svn +ssh://mono-cvs.ximian.com/source " will be set to read - only mode and kept that way forever .
We estimate that the process of migrating all the projects and moving them to GitHub will take more than 3 and less than 8 hours .
Once it is completed we will send an email to this list with URLs to the new repositories , FAQs , ...
If you have any questions about the migration , please ask them here and we will add them to our Git Migration FAQ .
Nuts and bolts on your bike should always be tightened to the manufacturer 's specifications .
A stiff chain link can cause problems with your shifting , and can even cause injury if it slips while you ’re pedaling .
Here ’s how to easily diagnose and fix the problem .
Find the Stiff Link
You ’ll know you have a stiff link if your chain skips every 3 or 4 rotations .
If you have several stiff links you ’ll feel it skip even more often .
To find the link , shift down to your smallest rear sprocket and then run the chain backwards through the derailleur by rotating your crank .
Keep a close eye on your chain as it rolls over the lower derailleur pulley .
When the stiff link passes through you ’ll see it jump over the pulley .
This means the inner and outer plates of one of your chain links are squished together too tight at the pin .
Loosen by Hand
To fix this by hand , simply work the plates loose by twisting the chain up and down the same way it was meant to .
Then point the stiff link upward and firmly grab the closest connecting points on either side .
Now twist the chain side to side , the way it was not supposed to bend .
If all goes well , your stiff link should now be loosened and you can continue riding .
Loosen with a Chain Tool
If this method does n’t work , and the link is still stiff , you ’ll have to use a chain tool to fix it .
Place the stiff link into the chain tool , on the slots closest to the turning handle .
Now thread the chain tool ’s pin gently against the chain pin about 1/8th of a turn , or just enough to slightly loosen the chain plates .
That should loosen it enough .
If you still have problems , the chain may actually be bent and need replacing .
Alex Ramon
A bicycle geek since early childhood , spent his twenties as a mechanic in bike shops .
His passions include flatland BMX , unicycles , cycle touring , mountain biking and road riding .
Related Links
Related Tools
Categories
( CNN ) -- Editor 's note : Pete Cashmore is founder and CEO of Mashable , a popular blog about social media .
He is writing a weekly column about social networking and tech for CNN.com .
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg told ABC's Diane Sawyer this week that Facebook would " definitely think about " adding a Dislike button to the site , allowing users to express distaste for updates or pages on Facebook .
But Zuckerberg is just humoring us : Facebook will never add a Dislike button , regardless of users ' demands .
Here 's why :
Demand for the dislike button
There 's certainly some demand for dislikes .
In answer to Sawyer 's question on whether a Dislike button would be considered , Zuckerberg replied : " We listen to all the user suggestions and it 's something that we 've thought about .
You know , people like the Like button so much ... I dunno , it 's something that we would definitely think about .
People definitely seem to want it . "
A Facebook group for the concept has nearly 3.2 million fans , while there are at least two unofficial extensions for the Firefox browser -- FaceMod and Facebook Dislike -- that claim to add a Dislike button for those users who install them .
Those clamoring for a " thumbs down " option seem to fall into two camps .
For some , " Liking " tragic news seems inappropriate -- and yet Facebook does offer a " Share " option on its own site , while third party sites can opt to use a " Recommend " button instead .
Others simply want to express distaste for a page or news update -- this is a move Facebook will never make , however , because it does n't align with the company 's interests .
The role of the Like button
The Like button serves numerous purposes for Facebook .
One obvious benefit is that it lowers the psychological barrier to connecting with commercial entities on the site -- while previously users could " Become a Fan " of a brand , they now imply " Like " that brand 's page , resulting in higher engagement .
Another is that it increases clicks for web publishers : Facebook users are more inclined to " Like " a news article than they are to hit a " Share " button .
A third benefit : Facebook aims to connect people who share similar interests .
Like buttons result in more connections , which creates more value .
Downside of Dislike buttons
A Dislike button provides none of these benefits .
In fact it would create significant tension between Facebook , brands , and web publishers .
Imagine if Facebook users could not only choose to " Like " Coca - Cola , but were also provided the option to " Dislike " the brand .
Would Facebook become a more appealing place for brands to spend their marketing budgets and ad dollars ... or a less appealing one ?
Now imagine that websites could add " Dislike " buttons to their pages .
Would web publishers rush to add this option , desperate for the negative feedback from their visitors ?
Hardly .
And what about Facebook 's mission to " make the world more open and connected " ?
While Like buttons connect Facebook users to their interests , Dislike buttons serve no such purpose .
Like buttons are about connection ; Dislike buttons are about division .
In short , Facebook will never add a Dislike button because it would damage the company 's relationships with brands , businesses and web publishers -- these groups are essential for building both web traffic and ad revenue .
Like it or not , Dislike buttons are n't coming to Facebook anytime soon .
© 2013 MASHABLE.com .
All rights reserved .
Reagan famously said “ government is not the solution to our problem ; government is the problem ” .
This quote has been taken out of context and twisted into implying that the government is incapable of solving problems , so the size of government should always be reduced by cutting taxes and eliminating government regulation .
But if you read the entire original quote , you can see that this is n’t at all what Reagan meant :
In this present crisis , government is not the solution to our problem ; government is the problem .
From time to time we ’ve been tempted to believe that society has become too complex to be managed by self - rule , that government by an elite group is superior to government for , by , and of the people .
Well , if no one among us is capable of governing himself , then who among us has the capacity to govern someone else ?
All of us together , in and out of government , must bear the burden .
Reagan was saying that everyone must share in the burden of governing , not just people actually in government .
Governing is everyone ’s responsibility , not just some elite group , starting with being responsible for ourselves .
I was thinking about this while reading the latest disclosures about the Florida Republican Party .
Top officials of the Florida GOP are facing criminal charges , and now the former office manager has broken her silence and is painting a picture of rampant corruption , waste , and fraud .
The office manager , Susan Wright , describes an elite “ club ” of top party officials who spent millions of dollars on personal vacations , birthday parties for their children , gambling , Wayne Newton concert tickets , expensive cigars , fancy dinners , jobs for friends , and even oil portraits of themselves .
What makes this even more stunning is the sense of entitlement displayed by members of the “ club ” .
At the same time that the officials were misappropriating millions of dollars , the party itself was going broke .
When Wright questioned these lavish expenditures , she was told that it was none of her business , and that she would lose her job if she did n’t keep quiet .
The top officials even set up a shell company that they owned , and funneled party funds into the company .
When Wright objected , she was summarily fired .
The bottom line is , it is n’t government that is the problem , it is bad government that is the problem .
When you let some elite group take over any organization — whether it is lobbyists taking over Congress , or a small group of crooks stealing money from a political party — that ’s the real problem .
The Florida Republican party shows just how bad it can get , and really makes you wonder : if they ca n’t even govern their own party , how can we expect them to run the government ?
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
WhatsApp
LinkedIn
Email
Telegram
This week , the U.S. Senate unanimously passed a bill shielding journalists and publishers from “ libel tourism . ”
The vote on Monday slipped past the Washington press corps largely unnoticed .
Maybe it was the title that strove chunkily for a memorable acronym : the Securing the Protection of our Enduring and Established Constitutional Heritage ( SPEECH ) Act .
Journalists and press freedom defenders outside the United States did , however , pay attention to the legislation , which they hope will spur libel law reform in their countries .
The bill , which is expected to sail through the House of Representatives and become law soon , protects U.S. journalists and writers from libel suits filed by repressive governments or wealthy tycoons in foreign jurisdictions such as England , where the law is heavily skewed in favor of the plaintiff .
I wrote about the practice , known as libel tourism , last year .
Ehrenfeld ’s book sparked a libel tourism action .
The Senate vote comes after a long campaign by Israeli - American author Rachel Ehrenfeld who found herself slapped with a multi-million - dollar defamation suit by a Saudi billionaire she accused of funding terrorist groups .
No problem , you ’d think , if the suit was filed in a U.S. court , where the Saudi financier would have to prove Ehrenfeld ’s material was false .
But this action was brought in London , the libel tourism capital of the world , where the court would demand that Ehrenfeld prove her accusations were true .
Under the new U.S. law any such libel tourism judgment will be unenforceable in the United States .
“ This will make a difference in how other countries , people in other countries will look into suing Americans , ” Ehrenfeld told CPJ .
“ It ’s a victory for everybody who writes in America . ”
It ’s also a weapon for libel reform advocates overseas .
“ It ’s brilliant , ” said British lawyer Mark Stephens .
“ If the Americans , as we hope they do , take this robust line , the British are going to have to take notice of it in a more comprehensive way . ”
The new British government has signaled that it will introduce some kind of reform but it falls short of what many UK journalists and publishers want .
Stephens , who is a board member of the Media Legal Defence Initiative , sees implications beyond the UK .
“ The people who are perhaps going to be the greatest beneficiaries of these kinds of laws are going to be people who suffer in totalitarian regimes where speech is repressed .
Everyone focuses on London because that is where … crooks and brigands from all over the world jet in to launder their reputations .
But what you ’ll find is that there are dissidents who are now able to speak , or who will be able to speak freely about totalitarian regimes and corrupt regimes around the world and expose the misdeeds of those rulers in a way which would otherwise have left them exposed to bankruptcy and penury . ”
How will this work ?
Well , one way will be for online news outlets and bloggers to host their sites on servers in the United States .
“ Take the Malaysian bloggers as an example , ” says Stephens .
“ The government may be able to get a judgment against Malaysiakini but it ’ll never be able to enforce it , because the servers are based in America .
So the judgment will be a worthless piece of paper and that will be true of oppressive places in Southeast Asia , in the Gulf , in Africa in the former Soviet Union and to a lesser extent in South America . ”
It ’s not going to turn the United States into an offshore tax haven for free speech .
That ’s something that WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange wants to achieve in Iceland .
But Sen. Patrick Leahy ’s legislation is setting a new standard for others to follow .
Ehrenfeld thinks fertile ground for reform lies in the Commonwealth , a group of 54 countries , many of which inherited the British legal system .
“ The Commonwealth countries may take a lead from that .
I ’m not holding my breath that Singapore will change anytime soon but Canada , the Supreme Court has already made a ruling that was more towards American law , ” she said .
Farm workers :
Take our jobs , please !
Most farm workers in the U.S. are illegal immigrants , but a union representing these workers has offered their jobs to Americans .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Facing growing anti-immigrant rhetoric , the United Farm Workers union is challenging Americans to take their labor - intensive , low - paying farm jobs .
As communities nationwide grapple with tenacious unemployment , migrant workers are often accused of stealing jobs from Americans .
The union believes this accusation is without basis , and intends to demonstrate this with a newly - launched campaign called " Take Our Jobs . "
Email
Print
Quick Vote
When do you see job growth returning ?
3 months
6 months
Over a year
Not sure or View results
" Farm workers do the work that most Americans are not willing to do , " said union president Arturo Rodriguez in the announcement of the campaign .
At least half a million applicants are needed to replace the immigrant workforce , so the union has posted an online application for Americans who want to work on a farm .
Through its
Web site , at www.takeourjobs.org, the union promises to connect applicants with farm jobs in their area .
Since June 24 , at least 4,000 people have responded to the application , said Rodriguez .
Some are serious responses and others are hate mail .
" Only a few dozen have really followed through with the process , " he said .
Most applicants quickly lose interest once the reality sinks in that these are back - breaking jobs in triple - digit temperatures that pay minimum wage , usually without benefits , according to the union .
Some small farms are not required to pay minimum wage and in 15 states farms are n't required to offer workers ' compensation .
Despite the dismal job market in the U.S. , where the unemployment rate is 9.5 % and 14.6 million people are out of work , there have been few takers .
" I think everybody in our society is pretty clear that the least desirable job in the U.S. is being a migrant farm worker , " said Rob Williams , director of the Migrant Farm Worker Justice Project .
" If someone said to me , ' Here 's a hazardous job and there 's no worker 's compensation , ' I 'd say , ' No thanks , It 's kind of a no - brainer . "
The Department of Agriculture counts nearly one million farm workers in the United States .
According to the Migrant Farm Worker Justice Project , 85 % of farm workers are immigrants -- and up to 70 % of them are illegal .
Rodriguez , the union president , said the campaign is meant to draw attention to the need for immigration reform , such as the so - called AgJobs bill currently held up in Congress .
The bill would grant temporary legal status to immigrants , which would become permanent if they continue to work on farms for a specific period of time .
" If [ members of Congress ] can't do their job in passing the bill , then they should come work in the fields , " he said .
Illegal workers are rich fodder for anti-immigration leaders such as Gov. Janice Brewer , R - Ariz . , who told reporters in June that the " majority " of immigrants crossing the border from Mexico are smuggling drugs for cartels .
The governor also signed into law requirements for state police to " determine the immigration status " of anyone under " reasonable suspicion " of being an illegal alien .
The Justice Department on Tuesday sued the state of Arizona to overturn its new immigration law .
The proponents for migrant farm workers insist that they help , not hinder , the U.S .
Williams said that if people who oppose immigration " got their wish and all the unauthorized people went home tomorrow , we would have a crisis .
We would n't have anyone to pick the crops , milk the cows , or take care of the Christmas trees . "
He added , " It may be the least desirable job , but it 's the most important job for all of us , because we all eat . "
Glenn Beck has presented Fox News with an interesting dilemma :
Does the cable network hang onto its star tea- partying pundit with the once - stellar ( but now rapidly declining ) ratings , or does it now give its official imprimatur to a talk - show host who openly promotes the work of a Nazi sympathizer -- and then refuses to apologize for it or even acknowedge that his endorsement was misbegotten ?
Because yesterday , faced with the insurmountable fact that he had avidly promoted the work of Hitler apologist / American fascist Elizabeth Dilling , Beck refused to back down , and in fact tried to pretend that it was somehow that fault of liberals that he had done so .
Simon Maloy at Media Matters has the whole sordid story .
Here 's Beck 's response :
BECK : But I 'm also getting some amazing mail from the left that now says I'm a Nazi anti-Semite because I quoted a book on Friday -- it was the Red Book , or something like that .
It was a who 's who , who 's in the communist party in 1935 .
Apparently , I do n't know , apparently written by a Nazi sympathizer here in America .
Part of the , I 'm sure -- I do n't know because I did n't look it up -- but I 'm sure part of the Father Coughlin , social justice crowd , because this is the choice that progressives give you -- you 're either a Nazi or a communist .
No , I 'm neither .
But now -- so now I 'm kind of stuck between the place where the left says that I'm a Nazi sympathizer and a Jew lover .
So I guess the left can have it all , that I'm a Jew - loving Nazi sympathizer .
It 's a really interesting place that I do n't know if anybody 's ever been .
Sorry , but WTF ?
Beck 's understanding of fascism has been so completely polluted by Jonah Goldberg 's Newspeak that he is incapable of any kind of coherent understanding of what Americans fascists were all about in the 1930s and afterward .
As Maloy puts it :
First of all , you do n't get to play like you do n't even really remember what book you were talking about .
You told everyone that you spent all of Thursday night reading it , and you were praising it to the skies on Friday as an early example of the sort of communist documentation you yourself claim to be currently undertaking : " This is a book -- and I 'm a getting a ton of these -- from people who were doing what we 're doing now .
We now are documenting who all of these people are .
Well , there were Americans in the first 50 years of this nation that took this seriously , and they documented it . "
I mean , really , Glenn -- you held the book in your hand as you feted it ...
MM's Eric Hananoki notes that Dilling actually attended Nazi meetings in Germany .
And if you want to sample Dilling 's work for yourself , the text of The Red Network can be found online .
It 's really very simple : If Fox News continues to employ Glenn Beck after this , it will forever after be known as a TV network that employs an apologist and advocate for Nazism .
If so , it will have irrevocably proven itself to be not a news organization , but a propaganda organ for the worst kind of racial and ethnic hatred known to man .
It 's pretty close to that judgment now .
RECOMMENDED : Beautiful Wreck by Larissa Brown is $ 3.99 !
Elyse really enjoyed this book and gave it a B + :
If you like historical detail , slow burn romance , and virgin heroes , you need to click buy right now .
Some readers will definitely find Beautiful Wreck too slow or dislike the futuristic element , but for me , this book was exactly what I needed .
Continue reading →
Transcript :
Man : OK ...
One of us is having the mother of all hallucinations ...
The Premier League have introduced a home - grown player rule which will come into effect from next season , alongside a limit on squad sizes .
Premier League clubs must limit squad sizes to 25
Incentive
Finances
The Premier League have introduced a home - grown player rule which will come into effect from next season , alongside a limit on squad sizes .
From the 2010 /11 campaign , the 20 Premier League clubs have voted to introduce measures which will see all teams required to have eight home - grown players out of a squad of 25 .
Chief executive Richard Scudamore confirmed the changes , with clubs only able to make alterations to their squads during the two transfer windows .
" As of next season clubs will be required to have a squad named of up to 25 players , of which no more than 17 can be over the age of 21 and not home grown , " Scudamore said .
" The definition of home grown is trained for three years under the age of 21 by somebody in the English and Welsh professional system .
" Clubs will have to declare their 25 at the end of August when the window shuts and then again at the end of January . "
Players who are aged under 21 are eligible over and above the limit of 25 players per squad .
Scudamore does not believe the move will encourage clubs to hoard young foreign players and claims the England team will ultimately reap the reward .
" It 's not in the club 's interests to stockpile players .
It will make buying home - grown talent more attractive , " he said .
" We 're not going down the route of a nationality test but what this will mean is that you just can't buy a team from abroad .
" We think it will give clubs an extra incentive to invest in youth .
We think that one of the benefits will be that it will help the England team . "
All 20 Premier League members also agreed to adhere to a set of financial reporting rules designed to protect the viability and sustainability of the clubs .
"
They will all have to annually submit accounts and future financial information , " said Scudamore .
" At all times the board of the Premier League will be applying a test which basically says this : can the club fulfil its fixtures , pay off its creditors when they are due and also to meet obligations to the Premier League 's contracts and partners ?
" If the board believe a club is at risk of not meeting those obligations , it has to then step in and agree a budget for the running of that club .
Any transfers can be embargoed .
" It 's absolutely crucial that these clubs are run as ongoing viable concerns .
These financial rules apply immediately .
" This is tied in , and we passed the rule during the summer , to a ' fit and proper person test ' .
At our club meeting last week , the clubs absolutely endorsed our position of not linking expenditure to income . "
Here ’s a comment from Beau Cleland , who is now studying strategy at Johns Hopkins SAIS but used to play football for Georgia Tech , and later suited up for the U.S. Army in Sadr City and Oruzgan Province , among other places .
It ’s not often you get a column from an artillery officer who was attached to the SF , so gather round and listen up .
By Beau Cleland
Best Defense deputy chief , military personnel policy bureau
The recent controversy over the remarks by and subsequent relief of Gen.
Stanley McChrystal highlights a severe but seemingly intractible problem with the way senior leaders are developed in the U.S. Army .
To be successful and have a chance at attaining a general ’s stars , officers are expected to move sequentially up a series of positions , from platoon leader to brigade commander , “ checking the block ” at each level as they advance .
Many of these positions are a requirement for advancement , limiting flexibility in assignment .
This system has been in place for decades , and only the feeblest of changes have been made to it , despite nearly nine years of war .
The Army officer personnel management system rigidly creates excellent fighters and technicians whose skills , as Greg Jaffe notes , apply only tangentially to the requirements of being general officer in today ’s conflicts .
All along the chain , there is a fundamental mismanagement of talent .
These days , unless you ’re convicted of some sort of crime you stand an excellent chance of reaching the rank of Lieutenant Colonel as long as you still have a pulse , and very few assignments are competitive in nature before you reach that rank .
What this means is that no matter how gifted an officer is tactically , no matter how inspiring a leader he is , no matter how intelligent , there is no way for him to be promoted more than a year or so sooner than he would be otherwise .
The same applies to important duty assignments : across the Army units choose company - level commanders not based on who the best commander would be , regardless of age or time in service , but on whose turn it is , or who has managed to sneak away from a deployment to get the check - the - block “ education ” in order to take command .
The result is frustration for a great many promising young officers , many of whom leave the service at the end of their initial obligation in search of more flexible opportunities .
The paucity of suitable replacements for Stanley McChrystal highlights where this hemorrhage of young talent leads after 20 to 30 years of relentless homogenizing ( beyond David Petraeus , the cupboard is pretty bare at the 4 - star level ) .
19th - century Prussia ( later Germany ) offers us an interesting alternative to our current crushing mediocrity : the Generalstab ( General Staff ) system of old .
The old Prussians are usually depicted as mechanical , monocle - wearing stiffs , but they had a remarkable knack for identifying young , talented officers and placing them into the General Staff ’s separate system of education and advancement .
Certainly their system was not without its drawbacks ( militarism , an insular , monkish outlook ) , but they were on to something with identifying and separating talent early on , and then training that talent in the skills needed for operating at the higher , operational and strategic levels of warfare .
This decade ’s parade of failed and mediocre generals prove that the United States is not doing a very good job of this — let ’s create the next generation of strategic thinkers while they ’re still young .
Image caption
The elections were the last major test until the 2012 presidential poll
Mexico's main opposition party , the PRI , appears to have been the biggest winner in elections for state governors , mayors and local deputies .
But with most of the votes counted , the victories were not on the scale the PRI had expected .
President Felipe Calderon 's party and its allies seemed set to take some governorships held by the PRI .
Violence overshadowed the campaign , with two candidates killed , but election day was relatively peaceful .
Sunday 's elections were held in 14 of Mexico's 31 states , with 12 states choosing new governors .
The Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) had hoped to pick up momentum in its effort to regain the presidency in the 2012 election .
According to results so far , the PRI - which already held most of the governorships at stake - held on to six states and retook the states of Zacatecas , Tlaxcala and Aguascalientes .
MEXICAN ELECTIONS 4 JULY 14 of Mexico's 31 states held elections
12 chose new governor
Elections also for state deputies , mayors and councils Shadow over Mexico elections
" This election proves the PRI is the leading political force in the country , " the party 's president , Beatriz Paredes , told reporters .
However the National Action Party ( PAN ) and its allies were on course to win three states previously held by PRI .
These include the southern state of Oaxaca , which saw months of at times violent protests in 2006 against the then PRI governor , Ulises Ruiz .
The PAN and its allies were also on course to win for victory in the central state of Puebla , and in Sinaloa , which is one of the areas hardest hit by drug - related violence .
" These are historic victories , " the PAN president Cesar Nava told the Associated Press .
" Sinaloa has a fundamental significance when it comes to Mexico 's security .
In Puebla and Oaxaca , the victory means a significant break with entrenched strongman politics . "
The elections were seen as an unofficial referendum on President Calderon 's crackdown on drug cartels .
Low turnout
Some 5,000 deaths so far this year have been blamed on drug - related violence and it has also touched the electoral process itself .
Image caption Egidio Torre secured victory in Tamaulipas
Rodolfo
Torre , a front - runner candidate for governor in the north - eastern state of Tamaulipas , was killed after gunmen ambushed his convoy on 28 June .
Four of his aides also died .
His brother , Egidio Torre , who replaced him as candidate , was elected governor .
A mayoral candidate in Tamaulipas was also killed , while other candidates stepped down and 550 electoral officials resigned .
Turnout in Tamaulipas was reported to be low .
Only a third of voters cast their ballots in Chihuahua , the most violent state , according to the Associated Press .
The PRI held power for decades until the 2000 election which was won by the PAN candidate Vicente Fox .
He was succeeded in December 2006 by Mr Calderon , who declared a " war on drugs " , deploying thousands of troops to violent areas .
Tom Tancredo seems to be on a one - man crusade to make Colorado the Wingnutopia of this year 's political campaigns :
Tancredo will run for governor as American Constitution Party candidate Former Congressman Tom Tancredo is in the race for Colorado governor , he said this morning .
“ I will officially announce at noon that I will seek the nomination of the constitution party , ” Tancredo told The Denver Post .
The Littleton Republican must file some papers with the Colorado Secretary of State and register as a member of the American Constitution Party , but then “ he ’s ready to go , ” raising money , disclosing his platform and launching a website that is already put together .
Tancredo gave Republican candidates Scott McInnis and Dan Maes an ultimatum last week : Promise to get out of the race after the primary if polls showed the winner lagging behind Democrat John Hickenlooper or else he would get in as a third - party candidate .
Both Maes and McInnis refused .
Tancredo ’s entry into the race is likely to split the GOP vote in the general election , giving Hickenlooper a win , said Dick Wadhams , head of the state ’s Republican Party .
He blasted Tancredo after hearing the former congressman was going to get in .
“ Tom Tancredo has nobody ’s interest in mind other than his own , ” Wadhams said .
“ But what do you expect from a guy who reneged on his term - limit pledge and has been running for office for five decades . ”
Tancredo and Wadhams had an all - out - brawl on Peter Boyles ’ KHOW radio station show this morning , screaming at each other and calling each other “ liars . ”
Yeah , that fits Tancredo 's style .
And it comes right amid the little dustup over dissing Birthers from Tancredo 's good pal and GOP Senate candidate Ken Buck , for whom Tancredo has already done many favors .
Of course , we remember well Tancredo's embrace of right - wing extremism at the Tea Partiers ' convention .
Now , this embrace of the Constitution Party pretty much seals the fact that Tancredo is a real extremist .
Because it 's important to remember -- or simply understand -- just what the Constitution Party is : fundamentally , it is the " Patriot " / militia movement 's political party .
My very first awareness of the militia movement , in fact , came in early 1994 when a researcher friend showed me a promotional video ( featuring a radical anti-abortion evangelist named Matthew Trewhella ) that was being distributed by an outfit called the U.S. Taxpayers Party .
It , and many other USTP videos and publications , explicitly urged Americans to form militias in order to fight off the " New World Order " being planned by President Clinton .
The USTP was run by a longtime far - right activist named Howard Phillips , who at one time had been a key fundraising / mobilization figure for the " Reagan Revolution " in the early 1980s .
Since then , Phillips has gone completely off the rails into black - helicopter land , as embodied by his USTP .
In 1999 , he rechristened the USTP as the Constitution Party .
Since then , it has played home to such far - right celebrities as Judge Roy Moore , the Ten Commandments nutcase , and has reached its tendrils into the state politics of some rural states , most notably Montana .
It 's also been the home of such notable political candidates as Minutemen leader Jim Gilchrist , whose character we 're all too familiar with .
Tom Tancredo has never faced a statewide vote .
This is going to be amusing to watch .
By Andrew Benson
BBC Sport at Silverstone
Red Bull have denied they favour Sebastian Vettel over team - mate Mark Webber after fresh controversy broke out at the British Grand Prix .
Vettel secured pole position after the team took their only new front wing off Webber 's car to give to Vettel .
Team boss Christian Horner denied it meant Vettel was the favoured driver .
He said : " We 'll continue to support both drivers in the best and fairest way we can .
But sometimes you have a difficult decision and this was one . "
The row comes after May 's Turkish Grand Prix , in which Webber and Vettel collided while disputing the lead .
After that race , the team initially backed Vettel even though most observers felt he was more to blame for the crash , only to later admit their stance had been a mistake .
This new situation arose after Vettel 's front wing fell off its mounting points on the way into the 170mph Abbey corner in Saturday practice , damaging it beyond repair .
That left the team with only one wing , on Webber 's car , and after chief technical officer Adrian Newey decided he wanted to run it in the race , Horner had to decide which driver would have it .
He said there was no lap - time advantage in the new wing .
Vettel beat Webber to pole position by 0.143secs .
The margin between the two in final practice was 0.034secs .
Webber made his dissatisfaction clear in the post - qualifying news conference by saying : " I 'm sure the team is happy with the result today . "
606 : DEBATE
This team has once again showed where its priorities lie
Howzat_Rudi Vettel said : " From the outside , it is often quite difficult to judge what is going on .
We know what we are doing , I think .
" I do n't think it is black and white answer on the wing but I was very happy I could continue with the same kind of wing . "
Horner said : " The performance between the guys was very close , very tight .
" Unfortunately we found ourselves with only one front wing with a different specification that had a slightly different characteristic .
" Both drivers tried it on Friday , one ( Vettel ) had a better preferences for it over the other and it was tried by both again this morning .
" Unfortunately sometimes I have to make a difficult decision , and with only one wing available and the facts we had at hand and basically based on championship decision as the criteria we used , that wing went to Sebastian today . "
Vettel leads Webber by 12 points - the equivalent of a fourth place - heading into Sunday 's race at Silverstone .
Both men have two wins each and , until qualifying on Saturday , had four pole positions each .
Horner denied the team were further strengthening the belief that they favour Vettel over Webber .
" I do n't think so , " he said .
" It 's our job to do the best we can as a team and sometimes you have to make difficult decisions and it is the first time we have been in a position where we only have one component .
" When you have two drivers running at the front there is perhaps a bit more emotion attached to it , but if you take away the emotion and look at the facts , it was the entirely logical thing to do . "
It was pointed out that the fair thing to do was to leave it on Webber 's car given that it had been bad luck that it broke on Vettel's .
Horner replied : " Look , both drivers as you saw yesterday swapped wings between the cars and the tests were inconclusive as to whether one wing was better than the other .
" There was nothing in lap time .
There was a feel and characteristic difference where up to last night one driver had a preference for the wing over the other .
" If we were favouring one driver , we would give that driver the spare wing as well . "
And when it was put to him that he would now have to spend more time with Webber convincing him that the team did not favour Vettel , Horner said : " Mark knows how we operate as a team .
He knows there was no malice behind it or manipulation .
" Mark is a competitive guy , he 's pushing hard , nobody likes to be beaten by their team - mate but at the end of the day they both drive for the team .
" We have given Mark a great opportunity to drive for a front - running team , he 's doing a great job , he 's driving brilliantly well .
" And today we had to make a difficult decision but tomorrow I would make the same decision because the team is bigger than any one individual .
" It was a team decision .
The drivers do n't specify the car .
They never have and they never will .
" Adrian wanted to run the wing and based on the fact it was to be run , I have to make a decision as to which car it should run on .
A logical decision , based on championship position but also P3 , was it went on this occasion to Sebastian . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
section = politica nombre = impresa.politica
Bloqueo a flotilla humanitaria
Antes de expulsarla Israel interrogará a misión del Rachel Corrie El barco irlandés Rachel Corrie fue obligado por la marina israelí a desviar su destino a Ashdod con mil 200 toneladas de ayuda humanitaria que llevaba a Gaza Foto Ap
Se abordó el navío irlandés sin encontrar resistencia : ejército Pese al bloqueo , más barcos llegarán a Gaza : viceministro palestino
Bloqueo a flotilla humanitaria Protestan decenas de miles de personas en 9 naciones contra ataque a nave turca En Tel Aviv , condenas al gobierno que hunde al país en vez de navegar hacia la paz
ABC : no descansaremos hasta ver juzgados a todos los culpables Padres de víctimas de la guardería se movilizan al cumplirse un año de la tragedia Demostrada hasta la náusea , la total falta de voluntad de los gobernantes para hacer justicia , acusan Reprochan que el ocupante de la Presidencia rehusara acudir a Hermosillo para oír a los deudos
Promoverá el PRD juicio de procedencia contra Molinar Horcasitas , Karam y Bours Padres demandan reformas para incorporar las guarderías al sistema educativo nacional
Se suma el SME a actos en homenaje a las víctimas de la guardería ABC Si no defendemos a nuestros hijos , no esperemos un México mejor
Duda AMLO que Molinar y Bours sean sancionados por el caso ABC Ojalá me equivoque y la Corte , con su fallo , me calle la boca Con Marcelo Ebrard tengo muy buena relación , señala el tabasqueño
Justicia a deudos y castigo a culpables , piden ciudadanos
En cuatro estados evocaron a niños muertos
Daño a portón de la SEP , acto desesperado ante cerrazón de Lujambio , dicen maestros
El costo de la política de oídos sordos recae en el gobierno federal , advierte la CNTE
No intervenimos porque la dependencia no lo pidió , responde la SSP - DF ante acusaciones del funcionario
Ordenan a telesecundarias dejar que los alumnos vean el Mundial de Futbol Partidos que coincidan con horas de clase deben vincularse a asignaturas
Falta seguridad , en estancias , se acepta en NOM
Más de 600 mil niños menores de cinco años son atendidos de manera temporal o permanente en instituciones de asistencia social .
El registro no es puntual , como tampoco ha sido la vigilancia de la calidad de los servicios ni la garantía sobre la seguridad de la población usuaria de los mismos , se reconoce en el anexo del proyecto de norma oficial mexicana ( NOM ) de emergencia sobre la asistencia social para la infancia y adolescencia que entró en vigor el pasado 28 de mayo .
Continuar
SME continuará huelga de hambre en el Zócalo junto a transmisiones del Mundial Si la Suprema Corte falla en nuestra contra , habrá que radicalizar el movimiento
Denuncias sobre incidentes en el servicio eléctrico no quedarán en el papel : SG Hasta ahora , ningún consignado por presuntos actos intencionados
Retira Senado su aval para extinguir LFC El Senado decidió retirar el informe justificado que su consejería jurídica envió a la Suprema Corte , en el que esa cámara del Congreso avala la liquidación de Luz y Fuerza del Centro ( LFC ) , informó el senador perredista Carlos Sotelo .
Continuar
Calderón convierte planes antipobreza en brazos electorales del PAN : priístas Desesperado , sustituyó a 70 % de coordinadores de Oportunidades por militantes panistas Los cambios se han dado en estados donde habrá comicios , afirman diputados y senadores
Busca la SIEDO oficio que comprobaría orden a policías de QR para extorsionar
Fue enviado a dependencias que bajaron recaudación : alcaldesa
La Ubisort cierra camino hacia Copala Oaxaca , Oax . , 5 de junio .
A unos días de que salga la caravana de solidaridad Bety Cariño y Jyri Jaakkola , el grupo paramilitar Unión de Bienestar Social de la Región Triqui ( Ubisort ) bloqueó la madrugada de hoy la carretera al municipio autónomo de San Juan Copala , denunció Casimiro Martínez Aguilar , portavoz de las organizaciones que pretenden realizar el viaje .
Continuar
¿ Cuáles sicarios ? ; mi hijo aún traía uniforme de la escuela cuando los soldados lo mataron Madre de Daniel Hernández rechaza versión de la Sedena ; el joven fue ultimado junto a 2 primos Iban en esa camioneta porque Óscar Olivares , quien está desaparecido , les ofreció llevarlos a su pueblo
Exigen ONG indagación efectiva sobre homicidio de 3 menores en Tamaulipas
Ya es común que , sin pruebas , el Ejército busque culpar a las víctimas
Asesinan a los padres de un candidato panista Boca del Río , Ver. , 5 de junio .
Jorge Luis Herrera González y Angélica Fernández Elizondo , padres del candidato del PAN a la alcaldía de Las Minas , Luis Herrera Fernández , fueron asesinados a balazos la madrugada de este sábado , se informó al concluir el 41 Encuentro nacional de diputados locales del PAN , que se realizó desde ayer en esta ciudad .
Continuar
Ataca comando a secretario de Seguridad Pública y al jefe de la policía de Durango
En el país , autoridades reportan al menos 34 asesinatos ligados al crimen organizado Descubren fosa clandestina en Tancítaro , Michoacán , con restos de unas tres personas
Violencia en mayo creció 43 % sobre la de 2009 y cuadruplicó la de 2007
El mes pasado , mil 60 muertes relacionadas con el crimen organizado
El número total de bajas en esta administración se estima en 21 mil 260
Temas de reunión México - EU
Los temas de la reunión interparlamentaria México - Estados Unidos se centrarán en la urgencia de elaborar leyes entre ambos países que combatan el crimen organizado , el tráfico de armas y el lavado de dinero .
Durante el encuentro a celebrarse en Campeche del 11 al 13 de junio , los legisladores de ambos países también sumarán en sus debates los temas de migración , modelo económico y apertura comercial .
Continuar
Demanda Paredes visión integral en la política energética del país Participó en foro sobre entidades petroleras
Piden revisar el papel de las fuerzas armadas contra el narcotráfico Alertan sobre normas ajenas a los mexicanos
Formal prisión a 13 , por narcofosa en Guerrero
El juzgado segundo de distrito en materia penal con sede en Guerrero dictó auto de formal prisión contra 13 presuntos sicarios del cártel de los Beltrán Leyva , relacionados con una narcofosa localizada en esa entidad , en la cual las autoridades presumen que hay alrededor de 40 cadáveres .
La Procuraduría
General de la República dio a conocer que dentro de la causa penal 62/2010 , los indiciados –detenidos en Iguala el 29 de mayo y quienes hasta el momento no han sido acusados de homicidio– serán juzgados por presunta responsabilidad en el delito de violación a la Ley Federal de Armas de Fuego y Explosivos , en las modalidades de posesión de cartuchos y portación de armas de fuego de uso exclusivo de Ejército , Armada y Fuerza Aérea , portación de artefacto bélico denominado granada y portación de arma de fuego sin licencia .
Continuar
Decomisan 37 mil litros de bebidas adulteradas La Subprocuraduría de Investigación Especializada en Delitos Federales de la Procuraduría General de la República decomisó más de 37 mil litros de bebidas alcohólicas adulteradas durante dos operativos en Veracruz y Puebla .
En un comunicado , la PGR informó que durante “ una visita a una destiladora ubicada en Barrio Pancho Poza , en Altotonga , Veracruz , se aseguraron 37 mil 697 litros de producto consistente en ron , charanda , brandy , destilado , aguardiente , licor y vodka , por determinar que se encontraba en malas condiciones sanitarias , así como 4 mil 400 litros de alcohol etílico del 96 .
Durante una segunda acción , el agente del Ministerio Público y verificadores de la Cofepris acudieron a la empresa Destilados Especiales de Azúcares Nacionales , en el kilómetro 6 de la carretera Valsequillo , en Totimehuacán , Puebla , y confiscaron 9 mil 570 litros de alcohol etílico .
Derivado de lo anterior , ambas empresas fueron suspendidas por violar las normas como la Ley General de Salud ” .
Continuar
Demanda edil consulta sobre policía única Naucalpan , Méx .
La alcaldesa Azucena Olivares , presidenta de la Asociación de Alcaldes de México ( AMMAC ) , afirmó que la iniciativa de una policía única no puede vulnerar la autonomía municipal .
Antes de crear tal corporación , dijo , los gobiernos federal y estatales deben consultar a los más de 2 mil 400 ayuntamientos del país .
Hay muchas dudas y los alcaldes exigen saber su papel , cuál será el futuro de las policías locales y qué pasará con los recursos federales asignados a la seguridad local , así como conocer el plan y formularle correcciones o aportaciones , indicó .
Continuar
Ordena el IFAI a Pemex - Refinación dar a conocer causas de estallidos en Ixhuatepec Además deberá explicar por qué no ha cambiado instalaciones y monto para mantenimiento
Respalda Peña Nieto a López Zavala
El candidato al gobierno de Puebla tiene gran trayectoria , señala
Any reader of this site knows I use the word " brilliant " promiscuously .
I ’m an enthusiast .
Well this is a brilliant speech by John Mearsheimer at the Spy Museum yesterday in D.C. , a panel hosted by IRMEP and picked up by antiwar.com .
Note that Mearsheimer says that if he were killed in Israel tomorrow , there would be no accountability , witness the Liberty and Rachel Corrie .
Note that he says that Goldstone was soft on Israel .
Note that he says that the two - state - solution is a " charade . "
Below I excerpt his realist / strategic thinking re nukes , and the ways that Israel has used nukes as a form of coercion , to compel our compliance with its militarism .
( It ’s my belief that Obama has backed off on settlements because of nuclear coercion : that Israel has blackmailed him by threatening to bomb Iran .
But that ’s just me , sitting in the woods . )
Mearsheimer :
I think a powerful case can be made that it made good strategic sense for Israel to acquire nuclear weapons in the 1950s and the 1960s …
Had I been a national security advisor to David Ben Gurion , I would have pushed him down the nuclear road , back in the 50s and the 60s … .
The interesting question is " what should Israel do if Iran abandons its nuclear enrichment capability and agrees to a comprehensive inspections regime ? "
Would it then make sense for Israel to give up its nuclear arsenal ?
I think the answer to that question is not open - and - shut .
But I think , on balance , a powerful case could be made or can be made that Israel would be better off abandoning its nuclear deterrent .
..
I think the Israelis understand full well that there ’s significant pressure on Iran , there will eventually be significant pressure in Iraq , once we get out of there , especially if Iran develops nuclear weapons of its own , to get nuclear weapons .
You can posit plausible scenarios as to how nuclear proliferation occurs in the Middle East over the next fifty years .
And I think it ’s clearly not in Israel ’s interest to have nuclear proliferation .
I think given Israel ’s conventional superiority number one , number two given its close relationship with the United States that ’s not likely to change anytime soon .
And given the dangers associated with proliferation , I think the Israelis would be better off in a nuclear - free Middle East . …
[ In the 60s ] it was not then in America ’s interest for Israel to acquire nuclear weapons and it is not in our interest now for Israel to have nuclear weapons .
This is why , as Grant described , President Kennedy went to great lengths to prevent Israel from acquiring nuclear weapons and to get them to join the NPT … .
the two best examples that show how it ’s not in our national interest are what happened during the 1973 war .
During that conflict , the Israelis looked like they were in dire straits for the first few days .
And they wanted the United States to immediately resupply them .
The Nixon administration said " no " because the Nixon administration judged quite correctly that once the Israelis recovered from the initial surprise that they would do very well .
And therefore the US government did not what to give the Israelis at that point more arms .
The Israelis then threatened to pull the nuclear weapons out , and began talking about using nuclear weapons .
That , not surprisingly , spooked the Americans who immediately began resupplying the Israelis even though they did not what to do that .
That ’s a form of nuclear coercion .
From Israel ’s point of view this was smart policy from our point of view it was not good .
The second example is what ’s been going on with regards to nuclear proliferation .
It ’s quite clear , and you see this from the recent review conference , that the fact that Israel has nuclear weapons again we ’re not fooling anybody with this opaque rhetoric the fact that Israel has nuclear weapons is making it very difficult for the United States to stem the tide on proliferation and to move to a nuclear free Middle East .
So again , it ’s just not in our interest and it would have been much better if from our point of view we could have prevented Israel from acquiring nuclear weapons .
Monterey , Calif .
EVERY day , about 200,000 Americans are sickened by contaminated food .
Every year , about 325,000 are hospitalized by a food - borne illness .
And the number who are killed annually by something they ate is roughly the same as the number of Americans who ’ve been killed in Iraq and Afghanistan since 2003 .
Those estimates , from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , suggest the scale of the problem .
But they fail to convey the human toll .
The elderly and people with compromised immune systems face an elevated risk from food - borne pathogens like listeria , campylobacter and salmonella .
By far the most vulnerable group , however , are children under the age of 4 .
Our food will never be perfectly safe — and yet if the Senate fails to pass the food safety legislation now awaiting a vote , tens of thousands of American children will become needlessly and sometimes fatally ill .
Almost one year ago , the House of Representatives passed the Food Safety Enhancement Act with bipartisan support .
A similar bill , the F.D.A. Food Safety Modernization Act , was unanimously approved by the Senate Health , Education , Labor and Pensions Committee in November .
This legislation would grant the Food and Drug Administration , which has oversight over 80 percent of the nation ’s food , the authority to test widely for dangerous pathogens and improve the agency ’s ability to trace outbreaks back to their source .
Most important , it would finally give the agency the power to order the recall of contaminated foods — and to punish companies that knowingly sell them .
This bill is supported by an unusual set of advocacy groups : the American Public Health Association , Consumers Union , the Center for Science in the Public Interest , the United States Chamber of Commerce and the Grocery Manufacturers Association , among others .
Last week , a poll for Consumers Union found that 80 percent of Americans want Congress to empower the F.D.A. to recall tainted foods .
PRAGUE — Women won more seats in the Czech parliament than ever before during national elections in late May .
To tout its new stars , one upstart party decided to give them special billing — as pin-up girls .
The Public Affairs party is selling a 2011 calendar featuring photos of some of its leading female members , including four newly sworn - in lawmakers , clad in revealing outfits and posed provocatively .
A black - and - white portrait of Katerina Klasnova , a new vice speaker of parliament 's Chamber of Deputies , graces the page for January .
She has tousled blond hair and is wearing nothing but a black bra and short skirt .
Ms. December is the party 's chief negotiator , Kristyna Koci , pictured peering over her glasses , dark knee - high stockings contrasting with her bare thighs and the strap of her negligée sliding down one shoulder .
The party 's racy calendar , which was first released during the campaign , is a sign of the times here .
A new generation of Czech women is coming of age that is embracing femininity and sex - appeal while at the same time fighting for , and winning , more equal treatment in the realms of business and government .
Pakistan floods ' kill 800 ' people and affect a million
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The worst monsoon floods in living memory have killed at least 800 people and affected one million in north - west Pakistan , a local official has said .
Rescuers are struggling to reach inundated areas where transport and communication are down .
Peshawar , the area 's largest city with a 3 m - strong population , is cut off .
At least 60 people have died across the border in Afghanistan where floods affected four provinces .
Mian Iftikhar Hussain , information minister for Pakistan 's Khyber - Pakhtoonkhwa ( formerly North - West Frontier ) province , announced the latest death toll .
Earlier , he described the floods as the province 's worst ever .
Manuel Bessler , the head of the UN's Office for the Coordination for Humanitarian Assistance ( UNOCHA ) in Pakistan , told the BBC about 1 m people 's lives had been disrupted .
He could not say with certainty the full scale of the emergency in Pakistan , as he was having trouble reaching his own offices in some of the worst - affected areas .
UN aid workers were helping to co-ordinate efforts to provide shelter , health care , drinking water and ready - to - eat food rations , he said .
There was concern , he added , that swollen rivers running south would carry the floods to provinces like Sindh where heavy rain was forecast in coming days .
Washed away
The government declared a state of emergency as Pakistan 's meteorological department said 312 mm ( 12 in ) of rain had fallen over the last 36 hours in the north - west - the largest amount for decades .
Continue reading the main story
At the scene
This is the proverbial end of the road : what was once the traditional trunk highway running south is now a massive lake .
Further back , it 's clogged up with traders and families who 've been stranded on the road for days .
They are trying , hoping against hope , that they can still move south , but a lot of them are turning back .
The road simply is n't passable .
We 've seen whole families passing on foot , grandparents and parents carrying children and possessions on their heads .
So many Pakistanis here say they have n't had any help from the government or relief agencies .
And yet we see the military helicopters going overhead occasionally .
The Pakistani army and rescue services say they 're trying to reach people , but the scale of this disaster is such they simple do n't have the resources .
The districts of Swat and Shangla have been inaccessible with people left homeless and helpless after several rivers burst their banks , washing away villages , roads and bridges .
Some 45 bridges were washed away in Swat alone .
The BBC's Lyse Doucet , who is travelling through some of the worst - hit areas , says at least half a million people remain marooned on islands of high ground , while others have taken refuge in mosques and schools .
TV footage taken from helicopters flying over the flooded landscape showed people clinging to roof - tops as raging torrents swept through the streets .
Military and rescue workers have been using helicopters to deliver essential supplies to areas that have had transport and communication links cut off .
Some 17 helicopters were in action to airlift people out of the worst affected areas on Friday and more were being deployed over the weekend .
Swathes of farmland have been inundated , and some power supplies have been cut after people were electrocuted by the water - borne current .
Many of those hit hardest by the flooding are the rural poor who live in flood - prone areas because they cannot afford safer land .
Pakistan has not made a formal request for international aid , but it is understood that it has appealed to donors to help it respond to this disaster .
Afghan effort
In Afghanistan , the national army said it had rescued 5,000 people over the past three days , using helicopters , vehicles and bulldozers .
The provinces of Laghman , Nangarhar , Kunar and Logar have all been hit by the bad weather .
There were plans to deliver food and medicine on Monday but the mountainous terrain was hindering the effort .
In Eastern Logar province , a provincial spokesman told the BBC that 10 people had been killed overnight .
Nomad communities had lost tents and livestock , he added .
In Kama , Nangarhar , local resident Haji Baqi told the BBC : '' We lost all of our food .
" I lost three wheat harvests , our bridges have been destroyed .
We want the government to come and help .
What will people eat for the rest of the year ?
Where is the government ?
When are they going to help us . ''
On Monday the Israeli government posted its latest word on the Gaza conflict of ’08 -’09 .
It ’s called the " second update " on its investigation of incidents during the conflict .
Below I have excerpted three accounts of one incident in the war ( to which Norman Finkelstein directed my attention ) : the shootings of three sisters and their grandmother on January 7 , 2009 , in which two of the girls died .
The accounts : 1 , the Israeli government ’s account , 2 , a report on the incident in the Goldstone Fact - Finding Mission of the U.N. , and 3 , the account of the shootings from the girls ’ father , as told to the Goldstone Mission .
Notice that the Israeli account , which absolves the Israeli unit engaged of any criminal responsibility , and describes the shootings as allegations purely , refers to the case as the shooting of 4 civilians , and while it gives their names , it does not say that the civilians were three sisters , aged 3 , 5 , and 9 , and their 60 - year - old grandmother .
1 , The Israeli investigation :
(3) Amal , Souad , Samar , and Hajja Souad Abd Rabbo & Adham Kamiz Nasir 108 .
This incident involved the alleged shooting of four Palestinian civilians on 7 January 2009 in the neighborhood of Izbat Abd Rabbo , and was reported to Israeli authorities by several human rights organizations .
The MAG referred the complaint to a direct criminal investigation which was recently concluded .
In the course of this comprehensive investigation , the MPCID collected testimony from eleven Palestinians who witnessed the events .
Some of them were unable or unwilling to testify before MPCID investigators , but provided detailed affidavits .
In addition , the investigators reviewed medical reports and death certificates , as well as aerial photographs provided by an Israeli NGO , which helped identify the different units involved in the incident .
More than fifty commanders and soldiers from these units were also questioned by the MPCID .
Some were questioned multiple times in order to clarify the circumstances of the case .
109 .
The evidence collected in the course of the investigation could not confirm the description of the incident by the complainants , who claimed that a soldier standing on a tank had opened fire at a group of civilians .
The substantial discrepancies between the complaint and the findings of the investigation — in particular , the identity of the force and the sequence of events — led the MAG to conclude that the evidence was insufficient to initiate criminal proceedings .
2 , Now : The Goldstone Report ,
hear it narrated here
:
770 .
The Mission visited the site of the shooting of Amal , Souad , Samar and Hajja Souad Abd Rabbo and interviewed an eyewitness , Mr. Khalid Abd Rabbo , on site .
Khalid and Kawthar Abd Rabbo gave their testimony at the public hearing in Gaza on 28 June 2009 .
The Mission also reviewed sworn statements from two additional witnesses it was not able to interview in person .
771 .
The family of Khalid Abd Rabbo and his wife Kawthar lived on the ground floor of a four - storey building in the eastern part of Izbat Abd Rabbo , a neighbourhood east of Jabaliyah inhabited primarily by members of their extended family .
Khalid Abd Rabbo ’s parents and brothers with their families lived on the upper floors of the house .
The residents of Izbat Abd Rabbo started hearing the sound of shooting and of the Israeli ground incursion in the evening of 3 January 2009 .
Khalid Abd Rabbo ’s family decided to stay inside the house , all gathered on the ground floor , as they had done safely during previous Israeli incursions into the neighbourhood .
772 .
In the late morning of 7 January 2009 , Israeli tanks moved onto the small piece of agricultural land in front of the house .
Shortly after 12.30 p.m. , the inhabitants of that part of Izbat Abd Rabbo heard megaphone messages telling all residents to leave .
According to one witness ’s recollection , there had also been a radio message broadcast by the Israeli armed forces around 12.30 announcing that there would be a temporary cessation of shooting between 1 and 4 p.m. that day , during which time residents of the area were asked to walk to central Jabaliyah .
773 .
At about 12.50 p.m. , Khalid Abd Rabbo , his wife Kawthar , their three daughters , Souad ( aged 9 ) , Samar ( aged 5 ) and Amal ( aged 3 ) , and his mother , Hajja Souad Abd Rabbo , stepped out of the house , all of them carrying white flags .
Less than 10 metres from the door was a tank , turned towards their house .
Two soldiers were sitting on top of it having a snack ( one was eating chips , the other chocolate , according to one of the witnesses ) .
The family stood still , waiting for orders from the soldiers as to what they should do , but none was given .
Without warning , a third soldier emerged from inside the tank and started shooting at the three girls and then also at their grandmother .
Several bullets hit Souad in the chest , Amal in the stomach and Samar in the back .
Hajja Souad was hit in the lower back and in the left arm .
774 . Khalid and Kawthar Abd Rabbo carried their three daughters and mother back inside the house .
There , they and the family members who had stayed inside tried to call for help by mobile phone .
They also shouted for help and a neighbour , Sameeh Atwa Rasheed al - Sheikh , who was an ambulance driver and had his ambulance parked next to his house , decided to come to their help .
He put on his ambulance crew clothes and asked his son to put on a fluorescent jacket .
They had driven a few metres from their house to the immediate vicinity of the Abd Rabbo house when Israeli soldiers near the Abed Rabbo house ordered them to halt and get out of the vehicle .
Sameeh al - Sheikh protested that he had heard cries for help from the Abd Rabbo family and intended to bring the wounded to hospital .
The soldiers ordered him and his son to undress and then re-dress .
They then ordered them to abandon the ambulance and to walk towards Jabaliyah , which they complied with .
When the families returned to Izbat Abd Rabbo on 18 January , they found the ambulance was in the same place but had been crushed , probably by a tank .
775 . Inside the Abed Rabbo house , Amal and Souad died of their wounds .
The family decided that they had to make an attempt to walk to Jabalya and take Samar , the dead bodies of Amal and Souad , and their grandmother to hospital .
Khaled and Kawthar Abd Rabbo , and other family members and neighbours carried the girls on their shoulders .
Hajja Souad was carried by family and neighbours on a bed .
Samar was transferred to al - Shifa hospital and then , through Egypt , to Belgium , where she still is in hospital .
According to her parents , Samar suffered a spinal injury and will remain paraplegic for the rest of her life .
776 .
When Khalid Abd Rabbo returned to his home on 18 January 2009 , his house , as most houses in that part of Izbat Abd Rabbo , had been demolished .
He drew the Mission ’s attention to an anti-tank mine under the rubble of a neighbour ’s house .
From the Goldstone Mission ’s interview of Khaled Abed Rabbo , the father of the three girls :
And last but certainly not least , I got an awesome letter which , among other things , gave some great insights into all the wonderful stuff included in my Arbitrary Day gift .
Thanks much , masspanic !
It was a super gift .
Well done . :)
Excerpts published Tuesday by a conservative online news site suggest that a group of journalists from the mainstream media discussed ways to shield Barack Obama from criticism during the 2008 presidential election .
Among the strategies put forward : call conservative critics racists .
The excerpts , published by the Daily Caller , come at a sensitive time , with both he political left and right accusing each other of race - baiting .
The NAACP recently accused the “ tea party ” of sheltering racists in its midst .
Shortly after , the National Tea Party Federation expelled Mark Williams , leader of the Tea Party Express , for writing a satirical letter about how “ colored people ” preferred slavery .
Now , conservative commentators are pointing to the JournoList excerpts as proof that the mainstream media collude to promote a liberal agenda , play the race card , and discredit conservative movements like the tea party .
" The [ JournoList ] is troubling , " says Jim Campbell , a political science professor at the State University of New York ( SUNY ) in Buffalo .
" At one level it could be thought of as just colleagues throwing ideas out to one another , but from another standpoint it almost looks like collusion … where virtual talking points are shared and solidified in a group . ”
“ That ca n't be healthy for the country – or for the media , for that matter , " he says .
JournoList : What is it ?
The list was created by the Washington Post 's Ezra Klein and , and several hundred self - described liberals joined before it was shut down recently .
According to excerpts released , reporters quibbled endlessly among themselves , and it's far from clear if any of their collective kvetching ever drove an actual media narrative .
But the excerpts pull back the curtain on how deeply the visceral and vindictive left - right split in American politics not only is reflected within the media , but can be amplified by them .
When conservatives were criticizing Mr. Obama for his connection to the Rev. Jeremiah Wright in 2008 , some JournoList members discussed a counterstrategy .
The Daily Caller writes that Spencer Ackerman , then of the Washington Independent , " urged his colleagues to deflect attention from Obama 's relationship with Wright by changing the subject .
Pick one of Obama 's conservative critics , Mr. Ackerman wrote , ' Fred Barnes , Karl Rove , who cares – and call them racists . ' "
The JournoList story is a great scoop for the Daily Caller , but does n't necessarily indicate a broader media conspiracy , says Mike Hoyt , editor of the Columbia Journalism Review .
" The Daily Caller has an interesting story that gives us insight into the way some journalists talk to each other , but I also think that reporters have a right to think and talk and be frank with each other , " says Mr. Hoyt .
" At the same time , I think if they do it in a forum like this , they have to know some energetic reporter can report it , and that 's exactly what happened . "
To conservatives , a smoking gun
To some conservatives , however , the Daily Caller excerpts are a smoking gun , showing that the media is not a neutral arbiter in refereeing racial spitball fights like the one that has broken out between the NAACP and the tea party .
" What the Daily Caller has unearthed proves beyond a shadow of a doubt that most media organizations are either complicit by participation in the treachery that is JournoList , or are guilty of sitting back and watching ... , " writes conservative firebrand Andrew Breitbart .
Such criticisms are fair , says Professor Campbell at SUNY Buffalo .
" To some extent [ some ] media have been successful in [ playing the race card ] , " he says .
" You have people now talking about the tea party and others in terms of this race issue , and that in itself deflects from what the tea party people are really concerned about , which is out - of - control federal spending and excessive intrusion of government .
To the extent that the press , even by suggesting that race is an issue , if it gets everybody talking about the tea party in those terms , they have been successful . "
At the same time , Campbell says , the race card may have been so overplayed that it no longer has much of an effect on how Americans think or act .
" I think a lot of people do n't take it very seriously anymore , " he says .
Related :
It has been observed that those who use large amounts of cannabis frequently use other drugs as well , especially alcohol .
This can create a potential synergistic effect , resulting in increased harms [ 1 – 4 ] .
Economic research has looked at the substitution and complimentarity of particular substances by modelling the effects of price fluctuation on use , although the limits of such research have been noted [ 5 ] .
When considering youth , Pacula has found cannabis and alcohol to be compliments .
As beer prices rose , cannabis use declined [ 6 ] .
This could potentially be because the introduction of alcohol into an adolescent environment increases the likelihood of other substance being brought into that environment ; once the presence of alcohol decreases , the presence of other substances might decrease as well .
Among adults , amphetamine has been found to be a substitute for those who 's drug of choice is alcohol , and alcohol as a substitute for those who cannot obtain MDMA and cocaine [ 7 , 8 ] .
This research suggests that through various patterns , individuals are making personal decisions about alcohol and drug substitution .
For the purposes of this study , substitution was operationalized as the conscious choice to use one drug ( legal or illicit ) instead of , or in conjunction with , another due to issues such as : perceived safety ; level of addiction potential ; effectiveness in relieving symptoms ; access and level of acceptance .
The substitution of cannabis for alcohol and other drugs has been observed among individuals using cannabis for medical purposes .
Medical cannabis patients are regular cannabis users with a stable supply , and their access to cannabis not granted under a standardized prescription system , yet still legitimized by a doctor 's recommendation ( self - medication ) .
This , in addition to the legal protection given to patients in California , increases the freedom of choice regarding the use of cannabis as a substitute among this population .
A survey of 11 medical cannabis doctors in California found that all doctors had seen patients who were using cannabis as a substitute for alcohol .
Furthermore , one said that over half of her patients reported preferring cannabis to alcohol , and another reported that 90 % of his patients reduced their alcohol use after beginning the use of medical cannabis [ 4 ] .
The dual use of alcohol and cannabis has been observed in several research studies on medical cannabis patients .
First , previous alcohol abuse was reported in 59 of 100 medical cannabis users in a University of California , San Francisco study .
Furthermore , 16 of 100 subjects reported previous alcohol dependence [ 9 ] .
Beyond the population of medical cannabis patients , substituting cannabis or other drugs for alcohol has been described as a radical alcohol treatment protocol .
If alcohol negatively affects a person 's level of functioning , cannabis or another drug might be an alternative for the user .
Charlton has suggested that the radical approach of substitution with substances such as benzodiazepine might be used to address heavy alcohol use in the British Isles by incorporating the idea of self - medication into his discussion by his assertion that " the drug - substitution strategy is based on the assumption that most people use lifestyle ( recreational ) drugs rationally for self - medication purposes " ( p. 457 ) .
It is posited that people might substitute a safer drug with less negative side - effects if it were socially acceptable and available [ 10 ] .
The first cannabis substitution study was a single subject study conducted by Tod Mikuriya in 1970 , in which a female ( age 49 ) who was an alcoholic was instructed to substitute cannabis for alcohol .
The subject was also administered Antabuse to assist in her abstention from alcohol .
The subject reported increased ego strength , useful behaviour , ability to control cannabis intake , euphoria and tranquilization .
In addition , there were improvements in concentration , disposition , physical health , ability to revisit social situations and ability to appropriately express anger [ 11 ] .
The issue was revisited in 2001 with a study of 104 medical cannabis patients in California who used cannabis in an effort to stop the use of other drugs , in particular alcohol .
For example , participants may have been previous alcoholics who have replaced their alcohol use with a daily regimen of cannabis .
Demographic data were collected as well as information on family alcohol history and alcohol and cannabis usage patterns .
The authors included both descriptive statistics and excerpts from interviews .
With respect to family alcohol history , 55 % of participants reported having one or two alcoholic parents .
Most of the participants ( 90 % ) listed alcohol as their primary drug of choice , although a few participants had also had addiction issues with heroin , cocaine , amphetamine and other drugs .
One interesting finding in this study is that 45 % of patients reported using cannabis to relieve pain that they suffered as a result of an alcohol related injury [ 12 ] .
Cannabis substitution has also been discussed as part of a harm reduction framework .
A record review of 92 medical cannabis patients who used marijuana as a substitute for alcohol was conducted with the goal of describing these patients and determining the reported efficacy of treatment .
Fifty - three percent of participants reported being raised by at least one alcoholic / addict parent .
Concerning reported health problems , 64 % of the sample identified alcoholism or cirrhosis of the liver as their presenting problem .
Thirty six percent identified themselves as alcohol abusers but listed another health problem as their primary concern .
As in Mikuriya 's 2001 study , 21 % of the sample reported having been injured in an alcohol related incident .
When addressing the efficacy of cannabis as a substitute for alcohol , all participants reported cannabis substitution as very effective ( 50 % ) or effective ( 50 % ) .
Ten percent of the patients reported being abstinent from alcohol for more than a year and attributed their success to cannabis .
Twenty one percent of patients had a return of alcoholic symptoms when they stopped using cannabis .
Reasons for stopping the cannabis use ranged from entering the armed forces to being arrested for using cannabis [ 13 ] .
Previous alcohol use , treatment , and substitution were also documented in a sample of 130 medical cannabis patients in the San Francisco Bay Area .
Twenty four had reported previous alcohol treatment .
Half of the sample reported using cannabis as a substitute for alcohol , 47 % for illicit drugs and 74 % using it as a substitute for prescription drugs .
The most common reason reported for using cannabis as a substitute was fewer side effects from cannabis and better symptom management from cannabis [ 14 ] .
The personal health practice of substitution among medical cannabis patients can provide information concerning non-traditional and alternative means used by individuals to personally address their health issues without official involvement in the health care system .
Furthermore , examining substitution among this population might translate into the development of more effective , client - centred treatment practices within the field of addiction .
On top of the devastation it wreaked on markets , jobs and human lives , the global financial crisis has turned the field of economics , and particularly the study of finance , on its head .
Nearly three years after the crisis began , business school academics are sifting through the wreckage of long - held theories and developing new ideas .
Certainties ...
WORLD CUP 2010 : Model Larissa Riquelme sports best strip of the tournament - Paraguay may not have won but we 're all celebrating
She 's been making headlines ever since she arrived at a public viewing of Paraguay 's first World Cup clash with Italy .
Paraguayan model Larissa Riquelme captured the hearts and imaginations of football fans all over the world with her sexy antics while watching her national side in South Africa .
Model fan : Larissa Riquelme lays it down for supporters all over the world
Much to the delight of photographers - and all red - blooded males - the 24 - year - old turned out in a patriotic low - cut top with a mobile phone wedged between her breasts .
Backing her side : Riquelme sports her natural kit
Initially , Riquelme promised to strip naked and run naked through the streets of Asuncion , painted in her team 's colours if they won the whole tournament .
However , such was the clamour to see much more of the sexy soccerette that she has peeled off in honour of her team 's efforts in Africa .
The South American side reached their first ever World Cup quarter final but succumbed to Spain in a thrilling match which featured two saved penalties and disallowed goal .
Yet the real drama was that Larissa may not have stripped off at all .
But in honour of the player 's efforts , taking their side so far , she decided to treat the nation anyway .
And we 're all very glad she decided to show such generosity .
Never missing a game and showing great lung capacity to scream her support all the way through her team 's matches , the model has been dubbed ' the World Cup ’s girlfriend . '
Riquelme has admitted that her efforts were an attempt to enhance her profile and grab attention from modeling industry .
Job done , I 'd say .
Android 's share of the smartphone OS market went up between February and May of this year while everyone else took a hit , according to the latest data from comScore .
The analytics firm released its three - month MobiLens report Thursday , observing that Android 's share of smartphone subscribers had gone up a full four percentage points in the US , though it still remains fourth on the list after RIM , Apple , and Microsoft .
According to comScore , all the major smartphone OS makers experienced a dip in market share among smartphone subscribers during the three - month period except for Android .
Microsoft saw the largest drop of 1.9 percent , while Apple was down 1 percent and Palm saw a 0.6 drop .
RIM saw the smallest fluctuation , with only a 0.4 percent dip .
Still , RIM kept its top spot with 41.7 percent of the overall market as of May 2010 , followed by Apple at 24.4 percent and Microsoft at 13.2 percent .
Google / Android stood at a solid 13 percent in May thanks to its four percentage point increase , and could very well overtake Microsoft by the time comScore releases its next MobiLens report .
comScore was careful to note that this data came from just before the iPhone 4 launch ( which happened in late June ) , so there 's some possibility that Apple 's share will see an uptick before the next report .
Keep in mind , too , that there was a high - profile leak about the new iPhone in mid-April , which many believe to have depressed iPhone 3GS and 3G sales as users awaited the new model .
Still , it 's hardly surprising to see Android make such a big jump early this year .
Android mindshare is way up , and the open source nature of the OS means that there 's a new Android phone born every minute .
With so many phones on the market targeting so many different types of users , the strategy is quite different than that of RIM , Apple , Microsoft , and Palm .
Finally , comScore points out that everyone is sharing the wealth when it comes to smartphone growth : " Despite losing share to Google Android , most smartphone platforms continue to gain subscribers as the smartphone market overall continues to grow , " wrote comScore .
Image caption The BBC has announced plans to cut its top managers ' pay bill
The television licence fee could be cut under the government 's public spending austerity drive , Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt has said .
In an interview with the Daily Telegraph , Mr Hunt attacked the BBC's " extraordinary and outrageous " waste .
He said he could " absolutely " see viewers paying less than the current £ 145.50 after next year 's negotiations between the BBC and the government .
The BBC recently announced plans to cut its top managers ' pay bill .
The aim is to reduce their pay by a quarter over 18 months .
The BBC Trust , which represents licence fee payers and governs the BBC , said that it was operating in a period of " severe austerity " .
Jeremy
Hunt said the BBC needed to recognise the " very constrained financial situation " the country is in .
He told the Telegraph the possibility of a reduction in the licence fee was a " discussion that we need to have " .
' Tough decisions '
The culture secretary said : " The BBC should not interpret the fact that we have n't said anything about the way licence fee funds are used as an indication that we are happy about it .
We will be having very tough discussions . "
The Telegraph reported that a lower levy could be in place for 2012 following next year 's review process .
Analysis
The licence fee discussions do n't start for another year , but Jeremy Hunt has put the BBC on notice that they will be tough .
He told the Telegraph he 's prepared to cut the licence fee , but not that it " will be cut " , as the paper 's headline put it .
But that does n't mean the BBC can relax its cost - cutting efforts .
Mr Hunt has made it clear he is particularly concerned about executive salaries and said there was spending on other items which " many people thought were extraordinary or outrageous " .
The BBC seems to have got the message , starting to reduce pensions and management pay - but it 's likely to have to go further .
And before the licence fee discussions begin , the culture secretary has another lever to pull .
The government wants the National Audit Office to have full access to the BBC accounts .
The BBC Trust says it 's prepared to discuss this , as it already uses the NAO to check much BBC spending , but fears that if wrongly handled it could threaten the corporation 's independence from government .
Those negotiations will be equally tough .
The culture secretary said the BBC " will have to make tough decisions like everyone else " .
" There are huge numbers of things that need to be changed at the BBC .
They need to demonstrate the very constrained financial situation we are now in , " he said .
But shadow culture secretary Ben Bradshaw said : " It 's sensible for the level of the licence fee to reflect economic conditions and people 's incomes and for the BBC to strive for better value for money .
" But this feels like part of a broader anti-BBC agenda .
" Most people value the BBC and Britain 's tradition of public service broadcasting and would not favour damaging or destroying the BBC . "
A Department of Culture spokesman said " no decisions about the level of the licence fee " would be taken ahead of the review process .
" Like all other public organisations , ministers expect the BBC to demonstrate that they are operating efficiently and giving value for money , " he added .
Mr Hunt also revealed plans for the National Audit Office to examine the BBC 's books .
Recent figures showed that BBC Director General Mark Thompson and the Executive Board 's total pay packet had increased .
' The message '
Total remuneration for the BBC Executive board rose in 2009 - 10 to £ 4.769 m from £ 4.601 m in 2008/09 .
And , overall , the number of BBC staff increased from 17,078 to 17,238 .
But BBC media correspondent Torin Douglas said the BBC already " seems to have got the message " being spelt out by the culture secretary .
" In recent weeks , it 's proposed a substantial reduction in pensions for many staff , agreed to cut its top managers ' pay bill by a quarter over 18 months , and said it will publish the names of its highest - earning stars , " he said .
Sir Michael Lyons , who chairs the BBC Trust , has outlined plans to cut pay , calling for greater transparency and saying every pound the BBC takes from licence fee - payers must be shown to have been spent well .
In a statement , the BBC Trust said : " The context in which the BBC is now operating is one of severe economic austerity .
" We have said that when we come to the next licence fee negotiations the trust will enter those talks representing licence fee payers ' interests alone , and that we will seek only what is necessary for the BBC to fulfil its public purposes .
" The trust remains focused on the need to secure maximum value for money for licence fee payers . "
The Earth as seen from the moon on June 12 , 2010 is the subject of this photo from NASA 's Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter , a mosaic taken during a calibration sequence .
Full Story .
An eye - catching new view of Earth has been caught oncamera by an American spacecraft circling the moon .
The new photo of Earth was taken from a distance of 231,358 miles ( 372,335 km ) by NASA 's unmanned Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter during aroutine camera test as the probe orbited around the moon .
The black - and - whitesnapshot catches Earth 's portrait as it appeared on June 12 .
" It wasa beautiful clear summer day over the North Pole , you can see ice covering mostof the Arctic Ocean with a few leads of open water ( dark ) starting to openup , " wrote Mark Robinson , ? principal investigator for the powerful LunarReconnaissance Orbiter Camera ( LROC ) at Arizona State University , after postingthe photo Thursday .
The photowas taken by the orbiter 's narrow angle camera and has a resolution of about nearly 2.3 miles ( 3.7 km ) per pixel .
At the center of the image is Hong Kong , with muchof the Middle East clearly visible .
[ Details of the new Earth photo . ]
The image isactually a mosaic of photos taken by the lunar camera as it panned across theplanet .
One swirling rock formation can be seen running through parts of Iran , Afghanistan and Pakistan , Robinson wrote .
NASAlaunched the LunarReconnaissance Orbiter in June 2009 to seek out potential landing sites onthe lunar surface for future missions , as well as hunt for signs of water ice .
Sofar , the orbiter has found NASA 's past Apollo moon landing sites and evidenceof wateron the moon ( the latter with the help if its partner probe LCROSS ?
whichcrashed into the moon last year while the orbiter watched ? and other probes ) .
But everynow and then , mission scientists have to point the orbiter 's LROC camera systemat the Earth for calibration sessions .
The moon 's subtlecolor changes make it a poor target to measure scattered light , Robinsonexplained .
The Earth is a bright target against the ultra dark background ofblack space , so any image anomalies caused by scattered light ( light reflectingoff internal parts of the camera ) are easily measured , he added .
" Fromthe moon , the Earth serves that function well , " Robinson wrote .
Thesecalibration sessions allow scientists to fine - tune the Lunar ReconnaissanceOrbiter 's seven - color wide angle camera in order to account for scattered lighteffects in its photos .
While the wide angle camera is being calibrated , theorbiter 's narrow angle camera is free to snap photos of Earthfrom space .
" Imagine standing on the moon looking back at the Earth ! " Robinson wrote .
" When humans start to live and work on thenearside of the moon , they will have a constant , spectacular view of our homeplanet . "
Until then , he added , the people of Earth will have tosettle for photos from robots .
It was almost as if two different hearings were happening in the same room as the Senate Commerce , Science and Technology Committee met : Democratic senators sought to steer the hearing toward oil company BP ‘s liability for worker deaths in the Gulf of Mexico , while Republicans responded with criticisms of the Obama administration ’s handling of oil spill cleanup efforts .
While there were no apologies offered to BP on Wednesday , an analysis by the Center for Responsive Politics shows that committee members enjoying the most campaign contributions from the oil and gas industry were most likely to comment on the alleged failures of the Obama administration ’s cleanup effort .
“ We need to know that the clean water act is not one of the biggest obstacles to clean water in the Gulf of Mexico , ” said Sen. Roger Wicker ( R - Miss . ) , a recipient of more than $ 400,000 from oil and gas companies , making the industry his third - biggest campaign supporter .
However , committee members such as Sen. Frank Lautenberg ( D - N.J. ) , for whom the oil industry is not a major contributor , pursued the issue of loopholes in the law for corporate penalties .
“ When oil companies enter into this business , they have to be prepared to do pay any price to make their victims whole , ” he said .
The chart below shows the type of questioning by the nine senators who appeared at the hearing and the amount of time they spent talking .
It further lists their campaign contributions from , and investments in , the oil and gas industry :
Senator Party Cleanup Claims Cleanup time Claim time Oil & Gas Investments * Industry Contributions BP Contributions Rockefeller D 3 Q , 3 S 17:00 0 $ 290,850 ( 12 ) 0 Klobuchar D 2 Q , 1 S 2:45 0 not in top 20 0 Lautenberg D 5 Q 3:00 $ 1,001,001 not in top 20 0 Begich D 2 Q , 1 S 5:00 0 $ 85,958 ( 11 ) $ 8,550 Hutchison R 1S 2 Q , 4:20 4:00 $ 555,503 $ 2,138,225 ( 1 ) $ 11,250 Thune R 1 S 1:40 0 $ 577,662 ( 9 ) $ 2,000 Vitter R 1Q , 1 S 3:43 $ 483,503 $ 791,335 ( 4 ) $ 4,000 LeMieux R 1 S 1 S 1:15 0 no data ** $ 3,500 Wicker R 4 Q , 1 S 2:45 0 $ 410,010 ( 3 ) 0
* Investments are averages of minimum and maximum possible values of total investments , based on lawmakers ’ personal financial disclosures of 2008 .
** LeMieux was appointed to his seat last year and has no record of campaign contributors .
Note :
The chart shows the number of questions ( Q ) and statements ( S ) made on either the cleanup efforts or liability law .
Industry contributions list total contributions with rank of industry in senator ’s supporters in parenthases .
– – – – – – – – – – – –
The hearing took place after Sen. Jay Rockefeller ( D - W.Va . ) , committee chairman , invited Shelley Anderson and Natalie Roshto , widows of two Deepwater Horizon workers killed in the explosion of the rig , to testify .
And he asked tort law expert Tom Galligan , president of Colby - Sawyer College , to discuss whether a legal loophole could allow BP to pay less in compensation claims to family members of workers who died at sea .
If Democrats aggressively pursued a line of questioning centering on BP ’s liability for the workers ’ deaths , the Republican members of the committee just as aggressively criticized the cleanup efforts of the Obama administration and claimed that a 19th century law was delaying assistance of foreign vessels .
Republicans questioned another witness , Fred McCallister , on current restrictions for private and foreign vessels operating in the Gulf .
McCallister , vice president of Allegiance Capital Coporation , said several clients had asked for his assistance in clearing waivers .
Not every beneficiary of the oil and gas industry punted on the issue of payment of damages .
Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison ( R - Texas ) urged members to vote for a bill that would lift restrictions on foreign vessels assisting in the clean up — and point to what she said was a failing by the Obama administration .
But she also asked Galligan whether current maritime law contained a loophole that would allow lower payments to families of workers who died at sea .
Hutchison has received more than $ 400,000 from oil and gas companies , making the industry her third - biggest supporter .
She received the most money — $ 11,250 — from employees and PACs associated with BP .
Sen . David Vitter ( R - La. ) and Wicker , along with Sen. Mark Begich ( D - Alaska ) and Sen. John Thune ( R - S.D. ) also received contributions from BP .
Hutchison also had the most personal investments in the industry , with at least $ 75,000 in oil and gas - related holdings , according to her 2008 personal financial disclosure reports .
Congressional officials are required by law to disclose their personal investments in broad amounts .
Begich has received more than $ 85,000 from the oil and gas industry in his career , placing the industry 11th on his list of supporters .
He went straight to the potential controversy surrounding reform of liability law , asking , “ Do you think , honestly , that we can get in this political body beyond that debate which is about trial lawyers versus corporate entities ? ”
OpenSecrets Blog reporter Summer Lollie contributed to this report
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : Feel free to distribute or cite this material , but please credit the Center for Responsive Politics .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : [ email protected ]
·
·
·
·
·
·
Support Accountability Journalism
At OpenSecrets.org we offer in - depth , money - in - politics stories in the public interest .
Whether you ’re reading about 2020 presidential fundraising , conflicts of interest or “ dark money ” influence , we produce this content with a small , but dedicated team .
Every donation we receive from users like you goes directly into promoting high - quality data analysis and investigative journalism that you can trust .
Please support our work and keep this resource free .
Thank you .
Support OpenSecrets ➜
Read more OpenSecrets News & Analysis :
After Jobs wrapped the nearly hour and a half presentation , we were pulled aside by Apple PR and ushered through the center of the Infinite Loop campus -- a new experience for us , since we'd never been deeper than one of the company 's small theaters .
Once all the attendees had been gathered ( folks like Jason Snell from Macworld , Daring Fireball 's John Gruber , and a smattering of mainstream journalists from places such as Wired , USA Today and the New York Times ) , we were led further into the campus ( and eventually across a street ) into a separate building .
After a series of double doors and long , anonymous hallways , we entered a large , warehouse - like lab cluttered with test equipment amid large tables covered in mysterious black cloth ( and no , we could n't look under the cloth ) .
Awaiting us was Phil Schiller , Greg Joswiak , Bob Mansfield , and engineer Ruben Caballero .
The latter employee has become a somewhat controversial figure over the last few days , as he was alleged to have known about and communicated concerns over the new antenna design ( according to a Bloomberg article which Jobs lambasted as a " crock " during today 's press conference ) .
Oh , and there was also an assortment of PR folks , lest the nosey journalists get out of line and require a tasing .
So our group stood in the concrete and steel room -- quite sparse and utilitarian , not what you expect from Apple -- surrounded by giant aluminum cubes ( a few of the company 's 17 anechoic chambers used for radio testing ) , and a small army of Apple reps .
Ruben began by telling us that the labs used to be secret even to Apple employees -- something they referred to as " black labs . "
He also informed us that there were 40 engineers working in those labs who were experts and held PhDs in physics , telemetry , and all matter of dark arts that allow the company to continually develop and test wireless technologies .
We were walked over to one of the stranger chambers , a box on one side with an ever - tapering portion on the other that made the whole contraption look a bit like a bird 's beak .
Ruben informed us that this particular chamber would run you about $ 1.2 million US dollars .
Inside , the room was covered in massive teal pyramids of sound and signal damping foam , and there was an iPad strapped to a rotating mechanism that we were told was being used to get an idea of what the wireless performance would be like at any angle .
This was a passive test , as opposed to active tests involving humans and real interference ( more on that in a moment ) , and it was being performed using Macs running ...
Windows XP .
When asked why they would still be testing the iPad , Bob and Ruben had a good laugh about having been testing the iPad " for years , " and then Ruben smiled and offered a rote explanation about continually testing even after products are in the market .
Sure Ruben , sure .
We were shown another chamber opposite the " beak " where an iPhone 4 was jammed into a bizarre styrofoam cube ... that was rotating at intervals .
Panels in the room were also rotating , while an antenna supported on an arm ( this one delivering a cell signal to the device , this being one of the " active " measurements ) , changed its position periodically .
We'd be lying if we did n't tell you we were a little disturbed , it was like a tiny , very clean Saw contraption .
According to Phil , what we were looking at was " the most advanced lab for doing RF studies that anyone in the world has .
"
It 's worth noting the progression of testing styles we were presented with , each one introducing a little more variance and human interaction , which brings us to probably the coolest thing we had a chance to see : that room in the picture above .
The third chamber is a bit of a throne room , or the " Stargate " as Ruben claimed they call it at Apple .
And it really , really does look like something straight out of a sci- fi movie .
Essentially , this room is used to test signal in 360 degrees around a subject holding or using a device .
The circular structure which surrounds the chair is dotted with single use antennas -- those little yellow plusses you see -- and all they do is tell the tester whether a signal has been received or not around the loop at that position .
We can't stress how incredibly isolated these chambers are .
Calling them a dead room would not be an understatement .
We 've been in some pretty dead rooms before , but these are basically foam coffins .
At this chamber one of our group started asking about the length of time standard testing takes , but the Apple crew got a little defensive over the point -- they did n't want to say how long or how much they tested particular products .
Even when pressed on a " general " length of time for a nameless product , we could n't get an answer out of them .
The company did tell us that products were run through each individual experiment a minimum of 24 hours , but that says nothing for longer term testing .
Ruben and the crew led us through another hallway and into a separate lab where more interference testing was going on using " heads " and " hands . "
The heads are made of plastic and filled with a liquid mixture that replicates the contents of ... well , your head .
The hands are made from a kind of high - test foam rubber -- which Ruben pointed out was not " a standard , " meaning not something agencies like the FCC regulate -- and are used to test interference in different positions .
In the same room we were also shown the custom , $ 20,000 " foot " that was used to test the radio in the Nike + .
Then we were taken to a workstation where the guts of an iPhone were displayed on two large monitors -- from a CT ( computed tomography ) scan of the device .
Ruben explained that when you 're looking for a problem in a device , opening it changes what 's happening inside , so Apple installed a CT scanner to look inside without altering the results by opening it .
Finally we made our way outside and got a look inside a heavily instrumented van in which Apple testers hit the streets .
The vehicle was outfitted with a number of stations for those " heads " and " hands " we saw , as well as spots for human testers to take devices out into the real world and get results .
The point here , as with the entire tour , was to demonstrate that Apple takes testing antennas and wireless communications very seriously -- if , in fact , there was any question .
And we get it -- there have been people out there suggesting that Apple simply did n't test their phone before letting it out into the market .
Or that they were so bone - headed that they only tested it in those special cases made for bringing the phone to bars , so of course they did n't see the antenna issue .
But let 's be honest -- this is a multi-billion dollar company that 's been making wireless devices for a long , long time .
This is n't their first phone , it 's their fourth , and though there have been reception issues with the previous models , nothing suggests that Apple is n't doing its due diligence on these phones .
The truth is , we did n't need the tour to understand that , but it 's possible some people do .
the lucky folks over at ABC were given special permission to film inside Apple 's lab , and here 's the video ( sorry , US viewers only ) :
Are you serious ...?
How old are you anyway ..?
If you do n't know that answer you should n't be having sex ...!
DO NOT have UNPROTECTED sex at all ..!
Not only is HIV ( the virus that causes AIDS ) contagious but many other sexually transmitted diseases .
Certainly you know that this also could cause unwanted pregnancy right ..?
Apparently not because you actually believe that by pulling out before ejaculation that pregnancy is ruled out too .
Do yourself a favor and hopefully anyone else reading this that does n't know consequences of unprotected sex and go to a web page that expains pretty much all you need to know about ' safer sex ' .
I 'll list one below for you .
What really scares me is that you are old enough to go to bars and drink but do not have a clue about sex .
Judging so far on this website many of you should be reading sex ed books instead of having it , but at least some of you are asking questions BEFORE they do the deed .
I do n't mean to be harsh on you but for real now , you are seriously potentially getting yourself into lots of trouble just because you did n't research facts .
The father of missing 7 - year - old
argues in court papers that his wife struck up an intimate and sexual relationship with one of his high school friends and shared confidential information from a sealed restraining order that allowed him to map the address where
has lived with their daughter since he moved out of his home .
Court filings Monday also revealed that
, Kyron 's stepmom , was " sexting " her husband 's high school friend , Michael Cook , on June 30 , four days after Kaine Horman left the house with their young daughter and two days after he filed for divorce and a restraining order against his wife .
The latest twists in the more - than - monthlong investigation into Kyron 's disappearance raised further questions about the actions of Kyron 's stepmom in the days after the boy disappeared , but they shed little light on what 's happened to the missing second - grader since he was last seen June 4 at Skyline School .
»
»
»
»
Terri Horman 's attorney also alerted the court Monday that she would not contest her husband 's restraining order or his push to force her out of their Portland home on Northwest Sheltered Nook Road .
The restraining order restricts Terri Horman from any parenting time with their 20 - month - old daughter Kiara .
Yet , she would have the right to ask the court to reconsider at a later date .
In his brief letter to the court Monday , her attorney , criminal defense lawyer Stephen Houze , wrote that his client intends to seek a family law attorney regarding the pending divorce .
Meanwhile , Kaine Horman 's lawyer , Laura Rackner , asked the court Monday to impose " remedial " sanctions against Terri Horman for disclosing Kaine 's current address -- information that remains sealed in the restraining order -- to one or more unauthorized parties .
She 's seeking sanctions , ranging from a $ 500 fine to confinement for being in contempt of court .
Rackner and Houze expect to appear before Judge Keith Meisenheimer at 1:30 p.m. today to set a date for a hearing on the contempt allegations .
Houze said Monday night he would not be making any comments on the latest allegations against Terri Horman , but added , " We will be vigorously defending her , I assure you . "
In the court filings , Kaine and his attorney further allege that Terri Horman went to her husband 's gym and tried to " abduct " Kiara from the gym 's day care while he was working out on June 28 , two days after he had moved out with the child and hours before Terri was served with a restraining order .
Law enforcement informed Kaine Horman that Terri Horman not only shared concerns about her marriage with Cook and made sexual overtures to him , but made similar overtures to the landscaper who she had attempted to hire to murder Kaine months before Kyron 's disappearance , the filing says .
In an interview with law enforcement , Cook told authorities that Terri Horman let him photograph the sealed restraining order , photograph Kaine Horman 's new undisclosed address , and he shared the information with at least two people .
Law enforcement found hundreds of text messages between Terri Horman and Cook , as well as photographs of Terri " in various stages of undress and graphic sexual activity " on Cook 's cell phone , the filing says .
" While respondent at times , references the fact that she misses both children Kiara and Kyron , the significant majority of the material deals with social and personal matters between Mr. Cook and respondent and belies that assertion , " Rackner wrote .
She added that Terri Horman asked Cook to lie to her own attorney and others about the fact that she had gone to Cook 's home .
If the murder - for - hire plot and recent " sexting " allegations are true , associate clinical psychiatry and behavioral sciences professor Dr. Alan Lipman , of George Washington University Medical Center , called Terri Horman 's actions " shocking recklessness . "
" There 's a pattern of impulsivity , reckless behavior and apparent disregard for the well - being of her stepson at a time of the greatest crisis for her stepson , " said Lipman , who also founded the Center for the Study of Violence in Washington , D.C .
Kaine Horman left the house with their daughter on June 26 after investigators told him that Terri Horman had solicited her landscaper to kill him in an alleged murder - for - hire plot six to seven months before Kyron 's disappearance .
In court papers seeking a restraining order against his wife , Kaine Horman said he believes his wife is involved in the disappearance of his son .
Terri Horman , 40 , has not been charged with any crime .
The investigation into the boy 's disappearance is ongoing .
Kaine Horman and Michael Cook , 37 , both attended Shoreline High School north of Seattle where they both played football .
Cook was one of a few of Kaine 's friends from high school who ended up moving to Portland .
Kaine had tried to reconnect with him once Cook moved to Portland , but they never did until Cook showed up at their home after Kyron 's disappearance .
Along with two others , Cook , who is divorced with a son , helped organize the first vigil for Kyron .
He was later seen at Kaine and Terri 's home after Kaine moved out , picking up the mail and bringing in food and drink to Terri , her friends and relatives .
He told The Oregonian he was just trying to be supportive in a time of need .
When asked why he was spending so much time at the home shortly after Kaine had moved out , Cook said of Terri , " I 'm better friends with her now .
I just care about them and want their son to be found . "
Staff writer Lynne Terry contributed to this story .
--
After days of rumor and speculation , SEGA has officially announced Shogun 2 : Total War with an announcement trailer and a teaser trailer .
Check out the trailers below and the full Press Release at the bottom of the post .
Shogun 2 : Total War Announcement Trailer in HD
Shogun 2 : Total War Teaser Trailer in HD
Press Release
TOTAL WAR RETURNS TO SAMURAI WARFARE
Shogun 2 : Total War Celebrates 10 Years Of Strategy Domination .
LONDON & SAN FRANCISCO ( June 2nd , 2010 ) â€ “ SEGAÂ ® Europe Ltd. and SEGAÂ ® of America , Inc. proudly announce Shogun 2 : Total Warâ „ ¢ , the sixth instalment of The Creative Assemblyâ€™s multi award - winning Total Warâ „ ¢ strategy franchise on PC .
Shogun 2 : Total War returns to Feudal Japan 10 years after the release of the original Shogun : Total Warâ„ ¢ , and sees Creative Assembly using a wealth of new ideas and development experience to make Shogun 2 the revolutionary strategy game that their first title has proven to be .
It is the middle of the 16th Century in Feudal Japan .
The country , once ruled by a unified government , is now split into many warring clans .
Players take on the role of one Daimyo , the clan leader , and will use military engagements , economics and diplomacy to achieve the ultimate goal , re-unite Japan under his supreme command and become the new Shogun â€ “ the undisputed ruler of a pacified nation .
Shogun 2 : Total
War will feature enhanced full 3D battles via land and sea , which made a name for the series , as well as the tactical campaign map that many refer to as the heart and soul of Total War .
Featuring a brand new AI system inspired by the scriptures that influenced Japanese warfare , the millennia old Chinese â€ œArt of Warâ€ , the Creative Assembly brings the wisdom of Master Sun Tsu to Shogun 2 : Total War .
Analysing this ancient text enabled the Creative Assembly to implement easy to understand yet deep strategical gameplay .
â€ œDeveloping Shogun 2 : Total
War gives us the opportunity to use recent technology to portray one of historyâ€™s most exciting civil wars.â€ commented Mike Simpson , Creative Director at The Creative Assembly and father of the Total War franchise .
â€ œEver since we developed Shogun : Total War 10 years ago , the team at The Creative Assembly has always dreamt of using our accumulated experience to revisit Total War in Feudal Japan.â€ 
Shogun 2 : Total
War will be released exclusively for PC in 2011 .
For more information please visit www.totalwar.com.
For assets and press registration please visit www.sega-press.com
So I got a wonderful set of gifts from ( a girl - I think , in ) Edinburgh .
Along with the very cute bees that surrounded my name , I was pleased to discover a ) an extremely soft and sweet plush dog ( which I absolutely adore already ) b ) a very nice book with drawings from children , telling their story of WWII ( I really like " personal " versions of the history , and children 's books , so spot on ! ) c ) NUNCHUKS !
Repent or else ! d ) a very yummy ( and effective ) lip balm
Thank you very very much anonymous Edinburgh redditor .
I would love to know who you are , but I could unfortunately find no such information in the parcel ( I am clumsy , so I might have missed something ; took me 2 days to find the balm ) .
If you wish to remain anonymous , though , I still love you ! :D
The aging space shuttle fleet was granted a few more months of life today .
NASA decided to postpone the last two flights due to delays with the missions ' hardware .
The next launch , STS - 133 , was pushed from Sept. 16 to Nov. 1 .
The final shuttle launch , STS - 134 , was moved from late November 2010 to Feb. 26 , 2011 .
STS - 133 will be the last flight for the Space Shuttle Discovery , NASA 's oldest shuttle .
Discovery will deliver a humanoid robot assistant called the Robonaut 2 to the International Space Station , as well as a re-purposed cargo pod that will be used as a sort of storage closet .
Delays in getting the robot ready are partly responsible for the new launch date , said NASA Space Ops spokesperson John Yembrick .
A few other items , like a pump assembly and a heat exchanger , are also running late .
That 's pretty normal , Yembrick said .
" There are manufacturing delays , processing delays , getting the stuff space certified for flight , that takes time , " he said .
" Sometimes you understand when it 's going to happen , and then you reevaluate .
This is not unusual . "
Moving Discovery 's flight also pushes back the final flight of the Space Shuttle Endeavor , which is expected to be the last shuttle flight ever .
That mission will bring the Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer particle physics experiment to the space station .
Because of all the traffic going to and from the space station in the winter months , the next available window for launching STS - 134 is n't until February 2011 .
" It 's a busy time on the space station , " Yendrick said .
An unmanned European craft will be docked to the space station in December , and a Japanese vehicle is slated to fly in January .
Because the engineering logistics get so complicated , space agencies try to avoid having the shuttle and other vehicles dock at the space station simultaneously .
Luckily , NASA 's budget accounted for the possibility of launch slips .
" We will have the funding to fly in February , " Yendrick said .
" We have the flexibility to do it , so we will . "
NASA is still waiting to hear from Congress about whether they might fly one additional mission with the Space Shuttle Atlantis in June 2011 .
That decision is expected to come in August .
No matter how long they put it off , though , the shuttle team knows the end is coming .
" The end of the shuttle era is bittersweet for a lot of people who have dedicated their lives to it , " Yendrick said .
" But we 're all aware that the space shuttle is retiring soon , in the coming months . "
Image : NASA
See Also :
Dr Karl › Dr Karl 's Great Moments
In Science
Alcohol and Antibiotics
Antibiotics have been one of the greatest success stories of modern medicine - up there with the discovery of vaccination , and the discovery that you should n't mix your drinking water and your toilet water .
Like all drugs , antibiotics can have their bad side effects , but their benefits are enormous .
Even so , some people wrongly believe the opposite .
And in fact , lots of people also wrongly believe that you should not drink any alcohol while taking any of the antibiotics .
The Chinese first used antibiotics about 2,500 years ago .
Back then , they realised that the fungus that grew on soybean curd could cure boils .
This ancient wisdom was also known to the healers of Egypt and Mesopotamia , even earlier .
The fungus was making a chemical ( streptomycin ) , one of the first antibiotics .
If you ate this antibiotic , it killed the bacteria that caused the boils .
In fact , this same fungus , even today , gives us the antibiotic , streptomycin , that is our main defence against the bacterium ( Yersinia pestis ) that causes the Bubonic Plague .
The first really powerful and widely used antibiotic , penicillin , was discovered by Alexander Fleming way back in 1928 .
Once again , it was made by a fungus .
But the " Golden Age " of antibiotics really began only in 1941 , when a group of scientists at Oxford University , in England , Howard Florey , Ernst Chain , and Edward Abraham succeeded in making small quantities of pure penicillin .
They were so concerned that a Nazi air raid would destroy their building and all their research , that when they went home each night , they would rub some of the fungus inside the pockets of their trousers , so that they would have some left with which to start up again - if their lab was flattened .
They then ramped up from small quantities to mass production , by using some of the technology used to brew beer .
The first batches of penicillin became available in 1943 , and were first used only by the military .
Then later , as larger quantities were produced , it was made available to civilians , first only for life - and - death cases , and then for general use in the community .
Penicillin was truly a miracle drug when it was first introduced .
It worked quickly and effectively against pneumonia , meningitis and hundreds of other deadly diseases .
It was also especially effective against what were then called " Venereal Diseases " ( VDs ) - now called Sexually Transmitted Diseases ( STDs ) .
The VD Clinics of the 1950s and 1960s gave the somber and serious advice that alcohol should absolutely not be used while taking penicillin .
But there were no significant chemical interactions between penicillin and alcohol .
The real reason that this advice was given was for moral reasons , not pharmacological reasons .
The medicos of the day were worried that alcohol would reduce the inhibitions of the sufferers , and that , while under the influence , they might get a little " frisky " and pass on their infection to another person , before the penicillin had a chance to cure the sexually transmitted diseases .
That 's how the mythconception that alcohol should never be taken with antibiotics arose .
Even so , it 's well known that alcohol can interact quite nastily with a small number of modern drugs such as tinidazole ( Fasigyn ) and metronidazole ( Flagyl ) , potentially causing nausea , vomiting , abdominal cramps , headaches , fast heart rate and flushing .
And alcohol can reduce the absorption of other antibiotics such as the doxycyclines and tetracyclines .
But these few interactions are well known to both medical doctors and pharmacists .
Mind you , alcohol can put an extra load on your liver and immune system , can impair your judgment , liberate aggressive tendencies , reduce your energy state - and can be associated with staying up late , behaving recklessly , and not getting all the rest that your body needs to heal itself .
So half a glass of an alcoholic beverage of our choice would be fine with most antibiotics .
^ to top
Magnetic Thinking Putty takes regular " silly " putty and turns its awesomeness up to 11 .
Like any other putty , it can be stretched , bounced , molded , popped , and torn .
However , when this putty is in the presence of a magnetic field , it exhibits fascinating properties .
Millions of tiny micron - sized magnets are embedded in each handful of Magnetic Thinking Putty .
Use the included super - strong ceramic magnet to control the putty like a snake charmer .
Or " charge " the blob of putty so it can become a magnet of its own and pick up small tacks and paperclips .
Ages 8 +.
Available in black , silver , blue , and pink .
Hours of fun are guaranteed .
Enter the quantity above and then click ' Add to Cart '
Control the putty like a snake charmer
Magnetic Thinking Putty is infused with millions of micron - sized ( one - millionth of a meter ) magnetic particles .
These particles are what give Magnetic Thinking Putty its strange attraction properties .
Use the included magnet to pull tendrils of the putty in all directions .
It 's crazy fun !
In absence of magnets , behaves like any other type of putty
While Magnetic Thinking Putty is a more highly evolved form of regular putty , it can still do all of the " normal " things that you love about putty .
Namely , you can bounce it , stretch it , and tear it -- all of which are loads of fun .
Picks up paperclips and tacks
Holding the included ceramic magnet next to the Magnetic Thinking Putty will cause the putty to become magnetically charged .
You can then pick up magnetized objects or even magnetize non-magnetic items .
It 's pretty darned cool .
Magnetic Thinking Putty has a mind of its own !
Playing with magnets is just plain fun .
Objects seem to " jump " or snap on their own .
But it 's the slow - moving nature of Magnetic Thinking Putty , combined with its magnetism , that creates a horror movie - esque quality .
It 's just plain freaky .
Place a large clump of Magnetic Thinking Putty next to the included ceramic magnet and it will slowly encase the entire magnet .
In fact , the putty will literally lift the magnet off the table as if devouring it .
AWE - SOME !
Note : Retrieving the " eaten " magnet is fairly easy .
Just dig around inside the putty and pull it out .
Do n't try this at home ... without safety goggles .
Yes , you can smash Magnetic Thinking Putty into dozens of pieces with a hammer .
Awesome !
How does this work ?
Essentially , the putty behaves like different materials when force is applied at different time intervals .
Over long time intervals , it acts somewhat like a liquid ( spreading slowly ) .
Over medium time intervals , it stretches .
Over quick time intervals , you can tear it .
And when pounded with a hammer , it acts like a solid and shatters .
In a large clean area , you can collect all of the pieces and continue to use the putty as if nothing happened .
It 's crazy awesome .
However , you should wear safety goggles and thick clothing .
The pieces of putty will fly at extremely fast speeds and could knock your eye out .
Do n't say we did n't warn you .
Kills boredom , magnet included
Magnetic Thinking Putty is a stretchable , bounceable , moldable , tearable , magnetic , and all - around fascinating toy .
But , it would n't be a great gift if it was n't ready - to - go right out of the box .
That 's why each order of Magnetic Thinking Putty is packaged inside a metal tin along with a super - strong ceramic magnet .
So , now it 's time for you to buy , buy , buy !
Choose from four styles !
This super magnetic putty can be purchased in black , silver , pink or blue !
As always , we recommend that you purchase all styles .
You do n't want to make one color feel left out , do you ?
Of course not !
Just for fun : 100 pounds of magnetic putty !
We 've been selling Magnetic Thinking Putty for years and have always been astounded by the burning questions we 've received for this ever - popular item .
So , we decided to do some experimentation utilizing a 100 - pound ball of Magnetic Thinking Putty and a ridiculously strong magnet .
We hope you enjoy the results below !
How does it compare to our other putties ?
We put several of Crazy Aaron 's Thinking Putties through a battery of tests so you can see how they stack up against each other .
Enjoy the video below !
A Belmar man was arrested in Downtown Jersey City after allegedly masturbating in front of a sharp - eyed 76 - year - old woman who helped identify the man by telling police she noticed his penis was pierced , officials said , as reported by The Jersey Journal 's Michaelangelo Conte in today 's editions .
Lionel B. Froloff , 32 , was arrested in Hamilton Park at 2:26 p.m. Monday and charged with lewdness and endangering the welfare of children in a nearby playground , reports said .
The woman told police she saw Froloff looking at her with a strange expression on his face and then realized what he was doing , reports said .
Arriving officers noticed Froloff had a pierced tongue and when the cop asked if he had any other piercings , Froloff confirmed what his victim had spotted moments earlier , reports said .
Inception is one of the two best science fiction movies I 've ever seen ( along with Gilliam 's Brazil ) — in fact , it 's one of two sf movies that I 'd rank with the very best sf novels .
Here 's a YouTube clip showing some of the nice attention to detail in the film : the two major musical stings in the movie ( a threatening , bassy throb and a grainy Victrola of Edith Piaf singing " Je Ne Regrette Rien " ) are , in fact , the same song , played at very different speeds .
Inception Music Comparison
( via Super Punch )
If you 've read this blog for more than 8 nanoseconds , you know I have no love for Andrew Wakefield .
Founder of the modern antivax movement , disgraced researcher , discredited " doctor " , and at least partly to blame for the rise in preventable illnesses , his impact has made the world a worse place .
The Sceptic 's Book of Pooh - Pooh totally eviscerates Wakefield , holding nothing back .
If you have any question about this guy 's horrifying history , then go read that .
Of course , he claims he is being persecuted , victimized , etc. etc. Baloney .
What has actually happened is that the forces of science and reality have called his bluff .
The problem is , he still has n't folded .
But the collapse perhaps , is imminent .
Skeptical Teacher has the story of a recent antivax rally to support Wakefield .
Several skeptics showed up at this event , including Bruce Critelli and Jamie Bernstein .
You may be amused by this picture they took :
Jamie gave Wakefield a note , which he said he 'd read later .
I wish I could 've been there when he did .
The note said :
Dear Andrew Wakefield , I know that you truly believe that what you are doing is helping people and that the ends justify the means , but I just want you to know that the things you are doing –- the actions you have taken in the past have hurt people –- killed people .
Your work has scared and manipulated parents into not vaccinating their children , putting them and their entire community at risk , all in the name of safety .
Children have died because of you .
I just want to make sure that you fully understand that .
Sincerely , Jamie
BANG !
I know he 's heard this a lot before , but somehow I think having a note like that handed to him at a rally for him to read later may actually hit home .
It wo n't change his mind at all -- he has way too much invested in his antivax garbage -- but I sure hope he loses some sleep over it .
I know a lot of parents have lost sleep due to him .
For your further schadenfreude , Jamie recounts the events of that day , Bruce posted some video , and Skeptical Teacher has comments and some links .
You may be amused to note that claims of hundreds of attendees to the rally turn out to be like every other antivaxxer claim : hot air .
In the meantime , while Wakefield still attempts to twist reality into a Möbius strip , whooping cough is on the rise , and we lose more babies because people do n't get vaccinated .
The sad truth is -- to stretch the poker analogy I used above -- while we hold all the cards , what Wakefield and his followers are betting is the health and safety of every person on the planet , including babies .
Those stakes are simply too high .
Did GISS discover 30 % more land in the Northern Hemisphere ?
… UPDATED with GLOBAL values !
The questions get bigger .
( See below ) July 18th .
Frank Lansner has been a busy man , and he ’s asking some very thought provoking questions .
The Northern Hemisphere has a ratio of 40 % land to 60 % oceans , and the Hadley Met Centre seems to use a similar ratio ( NH HadCrut Series : 58 % ocean , 42 % land ) .
But Frank Lansner wondered why , when he graphed the GISS land - data - set alongside the combined - sea - surface - temperatures ( CSST ) , GISS comes up with an “ averaged ” line that runs much closer to the land data set and not the sea surface set .
If it were weighted 60:40 ( ocean:land ) the combined Northern Hemisphere line ought to run slightly closer to the ocean based temperatures .
So Lansner mixed the land and sea temperatures in different ratios and graphed them and an odd thing occurred .
Perhaps there is some good reason for it , but the GISS NH average line is currently running close to a mix that could be almost 70 % land , and only 30 % ocean .
Back in 1985 the NH Average was closer to the sea temps as would be expected .
In fact as late as 1995 , the NH line still ran at around 40 % land area .
But somewhere post 1995 – 1999 for some reason ( see the update at the bottom for some good suggestions ) the average tracks closer to the 70 % line .
According to Frank , this effect does not occur with the HadCrut average .
…
…
Frank is looking for feedback and suggestions , and wondering if there could be any other explanation .
So am I .
The effect is clear also in this graph .
The land - based datasets are the brown ones near the top .
The blue ones in the middle are GISS and then below that Hadley , then finally the black line is the satellite measured average for land and sea , and the combined sea surface temperatures .
It ’s interesting how closely the satellite set compares with the sea surface data .
…
…
Lansner points out that the key difference between the brown lines at the top and the blue - black lines underneath is that Urban Heat Island only affects the lines at the top ( i.e. there is no urban heat island over the oceans , and not too much “ urbanity ” near the satellites either ) .
Lansner further split up the satellite measurements into satellite - land versus satellite - ocean and what ’s especially interesting is how the satellite - land values agree better with the ocean measures after 2001 than they do with the surface - land thermometers .
Are we eyeballing the effects of UHI and siting problems in the thermometers on the land , and are GISS somehow inadvertantly amplifying these artificial effects with weighting , homogenisation , gridding or averaging proceedures that rely more on these land measurements than on the independently consistent satelites and sea surface measures ?
…
…
As would be expected the land temperatures are more volatile than the sea , and the two might split for a while , but then return to each other , as you ’d expect .
You can see here that the green line ( which is the difference between the land and sea temps ) returns to zero every 10 or 11 years or so .
( Is any one else thinking about sun spot cycles ? )
…
…
Combined Sea Surface Temperature ( CSST )
Frank combined the Northern Hemisphere sea surface records from 1960 onwards where they all agree fairly well .
Prior to that there were wildly different recordings that make SST ’s less easy to combine meaningfully , though some inconsistencies show up after 1990 .
The CSST curve is a smoothed graph calculated as an average of the above series of smoothed and 5 yr averaged data .
( This graph is Fig 25 in Part II )
…
…
Comparing Hansen ’s graphs over time
Frank Lansner got started on this line of reasoning by working back through the 1945 - 1975 decline that he had written on in March 2010 .
In Part II of his new post he compares changes and adjustments Hansen graphs over time in more detail and combines them into one ( see below ) .
The decline that was well known from 1945 – 1975 still becomes less of a decline as the newer analyses are published .
But the latest version of NASA´s compilations of NH temperatures today are not calculated the same way the original GISS - product from land stations on continents and islands was described earlier .
As Frank says : “ For some reason , the methods of using ocean data has been changed from surface air data to water temperatures measured 2 m under sea surface .
So , now the NH temperatures are build on sources : GHCN 1880-06/2010 +
SST : 1880-11/1981 HadISST1 , 12/1981-06/2010 Reynolds v2 ″
The color of cold ?
Lansner also finds this particular graph , which , rather like Sherwood 2008 , uses an “ unintuitive ” scale .
The graphic below from Hansen and Lebedeff 1987 , shows the temperature trends from 1940 - 65 .
At a glance you might guess that things have become a little warmer .
But the color of - 0.5 to 0 oC is a yellow , rather than a cool green , and it covers vast tracts of the world ( most of Africa , Western Europe , North America , the North Atlantic , Siberia , and India ) .
For the world to “ look warmer ” , it only needs to cool by less than half a degree .
The “ turning point ” in the color scheme is at - 0.5 , not zero .
This makes it look like cooling is only occurring in a few isolated spots .
…
…
Lansner points out in Part I that many of the reasons offered in papers for “ adjustments ” could just as easily change the data in either direction .
The only way to know if the adjustments ( which always seem to bring the observations of the world closer to the carbon - dioxide - powered - models ) are legitimate would be for an independent team to go through all the data sets , all the reasons , and all the individual cases .
It would be a large job .
Does the free world really want to rely on unfunded volunteers to make sure that work gets done ?
Would n’t it be prudent to pay professional scientific auditors ( no , not me ) to go through the entire set with the aim of finding as many holes and flaws and inconsistencies as they can ?
Presumably , if it ’s all unfaultable , expert and honest , they wo n’t find much that matters .
Lansner ’s full original four part post is here and I know he would appreciate comments and feedback .
It ’s quite ambitious , and it would be helpful if these lines of inquiry could be followed up .
He ’s done an extraordinary amount of work .
If there were more funded positions for scientists who were interested in finding other causes of warming ( non-greenhouse ones ) these kinds of questions would have been posted years ago , and would not be left to volunteers to ask .
Thanks to DE , Cohenite , and George White for thoughts , and of course , thanks to Frank .
UPDATE 1 : How land measurements take over the high seas …
Boballab # 9 I think you will find that the reason has to do with the way GISS adjusts temperatures to make their gridded product .
You will find that they use thermometer readings from land to adjust sea surface temperatures up to 1200 km out to sea .
An example of this is islands like Guam and Diego Garcia and the entire Arctic .
Go to this link and turn off the SST data and use the 1200 km “ smooth ” : http://data.giss.nasa.gov/gistemp/maps/
From that you will see that the Arctic is a bright red color , the Arctic ’s water temperatures are being derived from Land measurements from around that ocean .
Now with the SST data still turned off turn the smooth down to the 250 KM setting and you get a vastly different picture .
There is almost no data for the Arctic anymore , it has turned gray .
You will also see the vast gaps in terresterial coverage too .
Now do the reverse with the SST data turned on and the land data off .
On both the 1200 km and the 250 km smooth the entire Arctic ocean has no data , none , zip , zilch , zero .
No SST data is used for the entire Arctic Ocean or the waters around Antarctica .
Now combine the land and SST data in the GISS map maker program and you once again get that nice big red splotch across the Arctic .
This shows that the so called water temperatures for the Arctic is 100 % derived from LAND measurements , and probably why Frank is getting the readings he is ( since one entire oceans readings are nothing but extroplations from LAND data ) .
The HADCrut3 product of the Hadely center and CRU does not extrapolate Arctic temperatures , they leave it blank , only GISS does this .
Matter of fact Phil Jones commented on this in one of the Climategate emails and that is how GISS got 2005 so hot , by using land readings as Arctic SST readings , and treating the Arctic Ocean as Land
DB writes in comment # 10 - The most likely reason for the overweighting of land temps in the northern hemisphere lies in the Arctic .
Since sea surface temps are not available when the the Arctic Ocean is covered with ice , GISS extrapolates land temperature anomalies out over the ocean .
This graph by Bob Tisdale shows the total overlap of GISS land only and land + sea for the Arctic : GISS follows this practice year - round which results in higher anomalies in the summer since the warming trend for Arctic SSTs is about an order of magnitude lower than the land .
UPDATE 2 The Global ratios beg even more questions .
Frank has created a global graph .
Back in 1910 , the global temperature was a lot more like the sea surface temperatures .
But over time , land measurements became more and more important .
In the last ten years the global surface average appears to be calculated from a weighting of over 65 % land measurements even though globally , land only occupies 30 % of all the surface .
To put this in perspective
Frank writes in his new post that this change alone could account for 0.17 OC rise over the last century !
If the 30 % land fraction from the real world was used , GISS global 2007 would be 0.55 K warmer than GISS global 1900 .
With the still increasing GISS land fraction actually used , we have GISS global 2007 0.72 K warmer than GISS global 1900 .
The difference is 0.17 K added by increasing land fraction over the 20th century instead of using 30 % land constantly .
But this calculation could be done in many ways .
We know for a fact that the oceans cover 70 % of the planet .
So why not use 70 % of data from SST ?
Animated arrow thanks to WI Gifs & Animations
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 7.8/10 ( 4 votes cast )
Long - time writer Jeff Grubb is no stranger to fantastical fiction .
You ’ll find his name attached to some pretty big names , from classics like Dragonlance and Forgotten Realms to more recent works within the Warcraft and Starcraft expanded universes .
Grubb signed on with NCsoft several years back and lent his talents to the Guild Wars franchise .
Since then , he ’s been credited as a designer for Guild Wars Nightfall and the Eye of the North expansion , and more recently , content guru to the Guild Wars 2 writing team .
He was in San Diego this past week , and I met up with him at the NCsoft booth for an interview that turned into a discussion between two major fans .
Grubb ’s own excitement over the upcoming MMO was apparent , and his answers were supplemented with brief bouts of laughter .
Exceeding my initial questions , his answers go into great detail and paint a clearer image of we can expect .
What you should know about Guild Wars and Jeff Grubb ...
Ever wonder about Gwen 's OP firestorm ?
The team wanted to end the first Guild Wars beta with a bang but could n't figure out how .
Then someone just came up with the idea of using Gwen .
Her awful temper in Eye of the North is a reference to the fiery massacre .
None of the races can boast unusually long lifespans .
Charrs tend to live shorter lives simply due to their violent culture .
Grubb is particularly fond of the asura and norn .
He loves the part in the 2009 Gamescom reveal trailer that zooms in on the asuran cube city , Rata Sum .
“ Long ago and far away , ” Grubb designed gnomes for the Dragonlance series as a satire on engineering , because engineers “ design something and then design something else to fix it . ”
He majored in civil engineering during college .
You 've referred to yourself as an “ embedded writer . "
What do you mean by that ?
JG : We have a writing staff .
We have very talented people , and their primary task is to take all the design documents – all the text , conversations , etc. – and put them together , making sure it all irons out .
I work with these content people in the design department .
Officially , I ’m not a writer , I ’m a game designer .
My job is to be a resource for all the other designers , all these content people .
Okay , I need a name , take a look at this conversation , or I want to say that charr do n’t shower that much .
We ’ll always coordinate to make the best story possible .
That ’s why I say I ’m an embedded writer .
I ’ve done a lot of writing : novels , comic books , and games .
In this case , I ’m working with the game designers in order to produce a good game from the ground up – if that makes sense .
Many players complained about the unusually brief story in Guild Wars Factions .
Do you think NCsoft bringing you aboard for subsequent games was a direct response to that ?
JG : Well , I was working in the Seattle area .
Actually , I had interviewed once with them before .
And in the wake of Factions , they were looking to get more story - based .
And my responsibility at ArenaNet is content , lore , and continuity – a game designer basically , but a game designer who writes .
And out of that , we started looking at what type of story we were selling .
Nightfall was the first project I was involved with as far as the story was concerned , and after that Eye of the North .
And right now Ree Soesbee and I are responsible for lore and continuity for the upcoming Guild Wars 2 .
And I ’m the co-author with Matt Forbeck on Ghosts of Ascalon , which is our first novel and shows up next week .
That ’s great !
And it ’s a prequel to Guild Wars 2 , right ?
JG : It basically takes place in the space between the original Guild Wars and Guild Wars 2 .
There ’s 250 years of history .
We ’ve jumped forward in time , and the result is this world has changed .
The dragons have woken up , and they ’re hungry .
The other races are getting more powerful , the humans have been rocked back on their heels .
It ’s a very rich world with which to tell stories , so what we did is say , “ So what stories do we need to tell before people get into the game ? ”
One of them was the resolution of the Human Charr War – that is one of the big stories of the first novel .
How do we get to the truce where we have the humans and the charr working together ?
That ’s the larger issue .
The smaller issue is the personal story of Dougal Keane , who is one of the few who had gotten into the haunted city of Ascalon and came out alive .
This is because King Adelbern ’s last actions basically transformed the natives into ghosts .
In order to combat the charr ?
JG : Yeah .
So the charr may control Ascalon , but a lot of [ territories ] , the ghosts will come out .
The ghosts of Ascalon are remnants of the past , which [ the heroes ] must get beyond if they are to survive .
Does this mean we ’ll be visiting that area in the game then ?
JG : Correct , and there is strong coordination between the book and the game .
Characters will show up in the game , and characters from the game will be showing up in the book .
We ’ve actually redesigned some of the towers in Ascalon to fit with what we said in the book .
It ’s just a very exciting time because we ’re growing the game and the novel at the same time .
As we ’re changing it all the time , we ’ll sometimes make a change in the game and ask , “ Okay , how do we explain that now , because in the book we said something else . ”
I know we are fearless about coming up with cool new stuff .
So if you wonder why there ’s no mention of something in the book , maybe because we have n’t thought of it yet .
When we talk about continuity , are the events in Cantha and Elona going to cross over ?
JG : We are concentrating on Tyria – of course , the world of Guild Wars Prophecies – for the first book .
Do we get to Elona ?
Do we get to Cantha ?
We do n’t know yet , but we do know what happened there .
We ’ve dropped a few big hints .
When you ’re coming into the game and unable to go into Cantha immediately , you know the link with Cantha has been broken .
There have been some refugees that ’ve come up , human and other races all coming together in Tyria .
Same thing with Elona .
Stuff happened further down south , sealing that area off for the time being .
What exactly happened , we do n’t know yet or ca n’t reveal .
I hear that Palawa Joko is in charge now .
JG : Yes !
Palawa Joko , who came out of one line in Prophecies when you meet the Ghostly Hero , who said , “ I fought against Palawa Joko in the Battle of Jahai . ”
We had no idea what this meant , so we went and created Jahai and Palawa Joko .
In the middle of Nightfall , the centaur warns you not to work with him , he ’ll become too powerful , you ’ll live to regret it !
When you ’re fighting an undead guy , he can wait .
He has secured his faction of power .
Now , how does that work out when the dragons awaken – I do n’t know what yet , ca n’t tell you .
Judge : You Have the Right to Remain Ridiculous
Proving our constitutional freedoms are still intact despite all those Socialists running the country , a New York Judge has thrown out a disorderly conduct charge against one Julio Martinez for doing that stupid pants - below - the - butt - with - underwear - hanging - out - thing .
Judge Ruben Franco said Martinez may have offended the fashion police but not " public order and decency , " though some of us might argue otherwise .
Read more
Sherrod To Sue Breitbart
Former Agriculture Department employee Shirley Sherrod plans to sue Andrew Breitbart for his now - infamous edited video of Sherrod purporting to show she was discriminating against a white farmer .
Good move .
" He 'll definitely hear from me . "
Read more
Is There Anything Lower ....
..... than insurance companies ripping off the families of soldiers killed in our illegal wars ?
Nope .
An investigation by Bloomberg News finds that Prudential and other insurers reap big profits off death benefits for soldiers by putting the money in an uninsured , so - called " retained - asset account " that only makes them money .
For six months after her son Ryan was killed by an IED in Afghanistan , Cindy Lohman saw the account as " a consolation prize I did n't want . "
When she finally tried to buy a bed with one of its " checks , " it was rejected .
Talk about blood money .
" You can hold the money in the account for safekeeping as long as you like . "
- Prudential 's letter to Lohman .
Read more
Drifter Frank Chambers arrives at a quiet California roadside restaurant where he meets and falls for drop - dead gorgeous Cora , the wife of restaurant owner Nick Smith .
After weaseling his way into a job , the two begin a deadly love affair and cook up plans to end her marriage and start a new life together .
After a few botched attempts at a clean break , they are forced to put their honeymoon on hold after being rerouted into the arms of a D.A. hot to convict and a corrupt lawyer with designs on Cora .
Frank and Cora thought they packed just enough luck to avoid what should be unavoidable but the duo failed to account for the possible intervention of a formidable force that does n't need a badge .
Written by Mae Moreno
La basura ahoga al mundo moderno , a océanos , cauces de ríos , lagos y estuarios , derechos de vía de carreteras , calles , parques , cañadas y playas .
Se requiere de una enorme capacidad de aseo y recolección para contenerla , y de masivas infraestructuras de disposición final para ocultarla de nuestra vista ( rellenos sanitarios ) .
Todos los días crece su volumen y sus impactos a bienes públicos esenciales , como son el paisaje , espacios públicos , ecosistemas , especies , suelos , aguas , y salud pública .
Se le debe tomar muy en serio , e interpretarla como lo que es : una falla del mercado ( externalidad ) en donde circuitos de producción y consumo que deberían cerrarse quedan abiertos por la ausencia de señales económicas ( precios ) adecuadas , así como de regulaciones eficaces .
Sin ellas , las empresas no asumen responsabilidades sobre el ciclo de vida completo de sus productos ; tampoco adoptan modalidades sostenibles de producción , comercialización y consumo , ni materiales de envase , empaque y embalaje capaces de ser recolectados y reinsertados en cadenas económicas , o dispuestos de manera segura y ambientalmente eficiente .
No se inducen suficientes actividades de recolección y selección , ni mercados de materiales secundarios que puedan sustituir a los de materias primas vírgenes .
Mientras los materiales vírgenes tengan mayor disponibilidad y menores costos que los materiales secundarios o reciclados será muy difícil o imposible cerrar los circuitos de producción y consumo .
Tampoco se aprovecha para la generación de electricidad el importante contenido energético que poseen diversos tipos de basuras o residuos , por problemas de acopio y selección , y falta de inversión en Asociaciones Público Privadas .
A todo ello hay que sumar la debilidad institucional intrínseca de la mayor parte de los municipios ( en el caso de México ) , que les impide ejercer a cabalidad las facultades que la Constitución les confiere en el Artículo 115 en materia de manejo de residuos .
Atajar la basura antes de que llegue a los mares y a otros espacios públicos vitales ; cerrar circuitos de producción y consumo ; resolver fallas de mercado y externalidades , y mitigar y evitar sus impactos ambientales exigen una acción colectiva eficaz , con un liderazgo gubernamental , a través del diseño y aplicación de instrumentos de política eficientes y específicos al problema .
El cierre de circuitos de producción y consumo significa poner en marcha verdaderos procesos de economía circular , flujo arriba en las cadenas de valor de productos y servicios , hacia una economía industrial restaurativa y regenerativa mediante rediseño de productos , mantenimiento , reparación , reuso , remanufactura , reacondicionamiento y reciclaje .
Se requiere una batería de instrumentos de política que abarcarían prohibiciones de ciertos materiales — por ejemplo , plásticos de un solo uso de difícil acopio y reciclaje — al igual que cobros significativos de derechos por tonelada de residuos depositados en rellenos sanitarios .
Obvio , esto demanda vigilancia y aplicación de la ley eficaces para impedir tiraderos clandestinos .
Desde luego , se requieren impuestos a envases , empaques y embalajes no reciclados ni fácilmente reciclables , y pagos financiados con aportaciones de empresas manufactureras o importadoras al acopio de materiales .
Recordemos que , por ejemplo , el valor del aluminio ( y en menor medida el PET , cartón y vidrio ) hace que estos materiales se reciclen de manera autónoma , mientras que el Tetra Pak , el polipropileno , polietileno de baja y alta densidad y materiales compuestos metalizados no tienen valor ni mercado , por lo que virtualmente no son reciclados .
Lo anterior implica un mecanismo similar al punto verde que funciona en Alemania y otros países .
Complemento indispensable serían Alianzas Público Privadas para la construcción y operación de plantas de termovalorización o de generación de electricidad con las basuras residuales orgánicas e inorgánicas .
Raw video : Murder suspect falls from hillside after being Tasered by police .
No further info .
Author Sean Williams talks about “ Star Wars : The Old Republic : Fatal Alliance “ , his other books ( “ The Force Unleashed , New Jedi Order : Force Heretic ” ) and blogging ! at Comic - Con in 2010 .
Remember to check out our Fatal Alliance Review
Update ; :
You can now read the first 50 pages of the book here .
Promised a chance to twinkle on the world stage , the centre of this City of Neighbourhoods became a ghost town , an armed camp and a fiery anarchists ’ playground .
As smoke clears from a G20 weekend that saw unprecedented mayhem continue Sunday , with tense protests and mass arrests a day after police cars were torched and shop windows smashed , it ’s hard to find a Torontonian who says hosting the G20 was worth it .
“ Next time have it on an aircraft carrier , ” said Omar Habib , a 28 - year - old actor who lives north of the Front St. G20 site .
Hoping on Saturday merely to stroll to his waiter job , he kept running into lines of shield - thumping riot police trying to repel black - clad anarchists .
“ Why would you bring this terror to downtown ? ”
Even before tear gas started to waft , the run-up to the meeting of world leaders made people who frequent the core “ a prisoner in their own city , ” he added .
“ I felt like a rat in a cage . ”
While G8 leaders and their entourages witnessed the rugged beauty of Muskoka , and Ottawa spent millions on legacy projects in communities not on the itinerary , G20 leaders spied the guarded core of a spasming downtown .
For its trouble , Toronto gets to keep a new police radio system .
Adam Vaughan , the city councillor who represents the residents and businesses most affected , voiced concerns about Ottawa ’s plans for the massive event soon after it was announced in December that Huntsville could n’t handle both the G8 and G20 meetings .
On Sunday , he accused the Stephen Harper government of a “ cascade of failures ” that antagonized and scared his constituents , shut many merchants down and set the stage for battles that barred some residents from their homes while trapping others inside .
The Toronto summit had to be planned in a few short months instead of the normal two years , Vaughan said .
The federal government rejected appeals from Mayor David Miller to hold the meeting at the more isolated , easily guarded Exhibition Place .
Ottawa said the Metro Toronto Convention Centre was more appropriate for such a prestigious gathering .
Most observers think it wanted the leaders near the financial district to highlight Canada ’s economic stability .
At first , Ottawa seemed to suggest all G20 business losses would be covered , then denied it would pay compensation for damages caused by rioting , then hinted the door might be open but it did n’t want to encourage destructive protesters .
The federal government showed no willingness to co-operate with city officials , instead dictating terms , Vaughan said , while focusing the massive multi-force police presence on the perimeter of the G20 site and the safety of the VIPs within .
“ The emphasis has been on protecting the fence . . . while not as much attention was paid to protecting the people of this city , ” he said .
On Saturday night , Police Chief Bill Blair admitted his officers lost control of parts of downtown because they had to protect the perimeter while hooligans rampaged to the north , using Black Bloc tactics to try to lure police from the fence .
On Sunday , no reliable estimates were available of either the damage caused or business lost due to the various disruptions .
Janice Solomon , executive director of the merchants ’ group for the Entertainment District , said some of her hotel members undoubtedly got a bump in business but , for many smaller outfits , the G20 was a nightmare .
Her business improvement area encouraged them to try to stay open and promote special offers , but the police presence and warnings to stay out of the core cut trade by 60 to 90 per cent last week and the “ rogue anarchists ” took care of the rest .
“ I would have to say this was a complete disappointment , ” said Solomon , who found herself barred by police from entering her perimeter - zone condo building for several hours Saturday night .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Rosario Marchese , the area ’s MPP , said world leaders never got to experience the real Toronto and “ I do n’t believe Toronto got one thing out of this . ”
On Saturday afternoon , as TV stations played and replayed images of anarchists torching a police car at the iconic intersection of King and Bay Sts. , the mayor noted he had spent the week trumpeting Toronto ’s story to international journalists — a financially stable , diverse and vibrant city .
“ Does today send signals about Toronto that I wish were n’t sent ? ” Miller said .
“ Yes , absolutely , but the underlying facts about are city are still there . ”
Read more about :
“ The company needs to reset its direction and restore confidence both externally and within the organization , ” said Mr. Yergin , who has known Mr. Dudley for years .
“ In Russia , he was working in a very high - pressure environment , and he demonstrated his ability to stay focused .
He ’s very steady and he knows how to work with a wide range of people to get the job done . ”
Mr. Dudley , a chemical engineer by training , joined Amoco in 1979 .
Before running TNK - BP , where he increased oil production by 26 percent and increased reserves by 138 percent , he was responsible for BP ’s production and exploration business in Russia , the Caspian region , Angola , Algeria and Egypt .
Earlier in his career , he ran BP ’s renewable - energy business .
He was appointed to BP ’s board in 2009 .
Mr. Dudley had been considered for the top job in 2007 , but he lost to Mr. Hayward , a geologist by training , who promised at the time to make safety his top priority .
But Mr. Hayward ’s handling of the Deepwater Horizon disaster  including his notorious comment that “ I ’d like my life back ”  infuriated Gulf Coast residents and government officials alike .
He was forced out of the spotlight last month after members of Congress accused him of stonewalling during testimony .
Mr. Hayward is still negotiating his severance package .
He is entitled to at least a year ’s salary , equivalent to about $ 1.6 million , as well as a pension built up from 28 years at the company , which would be worth about $ 11 million when he reaches retirement age .
BP declined to comment Sunday night about any pending management changes .
In a statement , the company said : “ Hayward is our chief executive .
He has the full support of the board . ”
In a statement on its Web site early Monday , BP said that no final decision had been made on Mr. Hayward ’s future .
“ A board meeting is being held on Monday evening ahead of the announcement of the second quarter results on 27th July .
Any decisions will be announced as appropriate , ” the statement said .
Chris Ruppel , managing director for capital markets for Execution Noble , an international investment bank , said Mr. Dudley was “ very , very good at dealing with political issues , ” as he proved in Russia .
Even though BP had to cede control of the Russian venture , it still owns 50 percent of the venture and has avoided the fate of investors in other projects who were forced to sell out .
Over the weekend Sanjay Jha was n’t ready to confirm or deny Motorola ’s plans for bringing an Android tablet to market while speaking on Android and the boost it has given Motorola ’s cell phone business , but now analyst Ashok Kumar has it from “ people familiar with the project ” that Motorola is not only working on one , but also planning to release its slate as soon as November .
The tablet will feature a 10 - inch form factor and — in keeping with Motorola ’s commitment to be ahead of the Android curve — will be running on Gingerbread ( Android 3.0 ) .
This should further confuse the release time frame of the next iteration of Android , which some sources have claimed wo n’t be making it to devices until early 2011 .
Motorola ’s November timeframe , however , lines up with early reports of an October release for 3.0 .
If phone manufacturers are yet to get Android 2.2 on handsets aside from Google ’s own Nexus
One over two months after its official release , we have to question whether a tablet could see a yet unannounced version of Android on a tablet so soon .
Unless of course Google is approaching the Android 3.0 release differently and working closely with manufacturers before an official announcement .
Perhaps this Motorola tablet is even the fabled Google tablet that the search giant has had a hand in developing for Verizon ( the Moto / VZW / Google team - up has resulted in several hit handsets at this point and helped launch Android onto the fast track to success ) .
We wo n’t know for sure whether the OS version or the release date is off , or if we are in for a pleasant surprise and both will hold true and we will be seeing both Gingerbread and a Motorola tablet just in time for the holiday season .
One thing is for sure : if Motorola ’s streak of knocking it out of the park with high - end Android smartphones carries over to their tablet ventures , we could finally be in for some worthwhile devices in the slate format .
Get ready to hear the term “ iPad killer ” tossed around even more than it already is .
[ via UnwiredView ]
A FATHER has won the right to stop his children from taking part in Jewish coming - of - age ceremonies , after a court agreed with the man that they should be able to make their own religious choices .
The mother wanted her children to participate in their bar and bat mitzvahs - ceremonies that mark the beginning of boys and girls taking responsibility for their Jewish faith .
But the father , a Catholic who irregularly attends church , wanted them to choose their own religion in a ' ' voluntary and informed ' ' way when they were old enough .
The dispute played out in the Federal Magistrates Court in Melbourne where the separated parents , known as Mr and Mrs Macri , asked the court to determine the religious future of their children : a 10 - year - old and eight year - old twins .
Mr Macri , 44 , did not oppose his children observing Jewish holidays and events .
The children had undergone some classes in Hebrew , but the lessons had lapsed at their request .
In accordance with traditional Jewish practice , the son had undergone circumcision .
I love William James .
He ’s just about the only philosopher who did n’t end up as either a pettifogging nit-picker or an overbearing egomaniac with delusions of genius .
He was generous too – witty , honest , modest and flexible – and more interested in promoting productive conversations than hogging the last word .
He was also a brilliant writer .
At first glance , his prose may look like an easy outpouring of spontaneous colloquialisms , but in fact he took great pains to make it cover lots of rough ground without any hard words and without any tired ones either .
He was a brilliant phrase - maker too : inventor of “ subliminal consciousness ” , the “ divided self ” and the “ sick soul ” , of “ mental states ” , the “ stream of consciousness ” and , last but not least , “ religious experience ” .
James was not unsympathetic to religion , and on occasion he was prepared to call himself a Christian , though in a thoroughly secular and untheological sense .
His abiding intellectual passion was a love of open - mindedness and a corresponding distrust of dogmatism and metaphysics .
We should never forget , he said , that all our opinions – even our “ most assured conclusions ” – are “ liable to modification in the course of future experience ” .
But he warned against allowing a distrust of dogmatic metaphysics to harden into a metaphysical dogma of its own , as seemed to be happening with some of the evangelising atheists of his day .
He admired the evolutionary biologist T H Huxley and the mathematician C K Clifford , for example , but when they used the idea of “ science ” as a stick to beat religion with they were in danger of behaving like high priests of a new religion – “ the religion of scientificism ” – and defending it with the same intolerant zealotry as any old - style religious fanatic .
Knowledge , for James , was not so much the pre-existing premise of human inquiry as a hoped - for future product , and science was more like a tissue of fortuitous insights than a monolith of solid fact .
We would not have much chance of stumbling into truth if we let ourselves get too anxious about falling into error , and the first rule of an unillusioned epistemology should simply be : Relax !
“ Our errors are surely not such awfully solemn things , ” James wrote : “ in a world where we are certain to incur them in spite of all our caution , a certain lightness of heart seems healthier than this excessive nervousness . ”
James toyed with various titles for his light - hearted approach to truth : “ pragmatism ” was one , though that made it sound too like Nietzschean immoralism ; “ pluralism ” was another , except that it had connotations of neo -Kantian relativism ; so perhaps the best option was “ radical empiricism ” , which was also a way of paying tribute to the paragon of intellectual modesty and progressive open - mindedness , the still lamented John Stuart Mill .
There was one further label that James was tempted by – suggested to him by his English disciple F C S Schiller , a gifted but unclubbable Oxford don .
“ I have been inspired with THE name for the only true philosophy , ” Schiller told him in 1903 .
“ Why should we not call it Humanism ?
Humanism as opposed to Scholasticism , ‘ humane ’ as opposed to barbarous … . ”
James was intrigued but not quite convinced : “ ‘ Humanism ’ does n’t make a very electrical connection with my nature , ” he told Schiller , though he was happy to let him do what he could with it .
And if , as some of us think , the word “ humanist ” is now a term in search of a meaning , perhaps it is time for it to meet up again with the philosophy of William James .
James was born in New York in 1842 , and brought up to be a creative free spirit .
His father , Henry James
Sr , was wealthy and cultivated , an amateur writer and lecturer with an interest in philosophy , art , unorthodox religion and progressive politics , and he ran through most of his wealth taking his wife and their five children – William , Henry , Wilkie , Bob and Alice – on protracted cultural tours of Europe , where they could imbibe the great languages and literatures at source , become connoisseurs of the finest art and music , and thus grow up to be emblematic ambassadors of the bountiful socialistic freedom that awaited the human race .
The education of the James siblings , though enviable in many ways , left them ill - equipped for careers back in America .
They spent their early lives as “ hotel children ” , as Henry Jr. would recall , and they ended up with plenty of culture but not much education , their formal training being confined to “ a few small vague spasms of school ” .
At the age of 18 William decided to become a professional artist , and spent a year in a painter ’s studio in Newport , Rhode Island , before changing his mind and taking up applied science at Harvard .
Henry joined him there to study law , though it bored him and he spent most of his time reading crime fiction .
In the meantime the United States had embroiled itself in civil war , and whilst William and Henry were excused military service on account of ill health ( bad eyes and bad back respectively ) , Wilkie and Bob led companies of black soldiers into battle in the Union cause , suffering physical and mental wounds from which they would never recover , while worry over them turned Alice into an invalid for life .
In 1865 , when the war was over , William spent the best part of a year on a scientific expedition to Brazil , hoping to train himself as a practical field naturalist , though when he returned to Harvard he decided to undertake a medical training instead .
Meanwhile Henry was beginning to earn large sums by selling stories to prestigious American magazines , and William , disheartened at his brother ’s success , sank into prolonged depression .
It was not till 1873 , when he was already in his thirties , that he won himself a measure of independence and self - respect by taking a post – though a very lowly one – as a teacher of physiology at Harvard .
James soon became a committed Darwinist , laying special stress on the doctrine that natural selection operates on variations that are , from a biological point of view , random and haphazard , and hence ( contrary to what many self - styled evolutionists said ) that the development of species was essentially open - ended and unpredictable .
He also shifted his area of teaching from the body to the mind , and undertook to write an introductory textbook on psychology .
It took him longer than he expected – the manuscript was delivered to the publisher 12 years late – but it was well received and is still widely regarded as the founding classic of the discipline .
Principles of Psychology , published in 1890 , was one of the first works to take up and generalise the idea of a secondary or “ sub- conscious ” self , first proposed by the French neurologist Jean - Martin Charcot .
Apart from his early advocacy of a notion later appropriated by Sigmund Freud , James ’s principal objective was to discredit what he called “ psychological atomism ” – the idea that experience consists of a succession of distinct ideas and that perception , intellect , emotion and will are separate mental faculties , complete and entire in themselves .
For James , there could be no such thing as a permanent , substantial anchor for our personal identity – no “ self , ” but only the changing kaleidoscope of “ what we back ourselves to be and do ” , and the mind as a whole was simply a “ theatre of simultaneous possibilities ” or a “ field ” of fluid forces animated by our bodily engagement with the world .
The arguments of the Principles were as much epistemological as empirical , and James issued frequent warnings against what might be called perfectionism or completism in the field of theory .
He acknowledged , in particular , that the relations between mental states and the brain were deeply problematic ; but insisted that if psychology was to make progress as a science it must simply look the difficulty in the eye and pass on .
Once the Principles were published James began to explore these kinds of issues in a series of “ Essays in Popular Philosophy ” .
Scientists , he suggested , had more in common with artists than we usually think , and they would not have much chance of making interesting discoveries unless they were prepared to back their hunches and take cognitive risks .
Knowledge had to be led by belief , not the other way round ; and if we wanted to acquire it we had a right , even a duty , to believe .
The doctrine that belief had priority ever knowledge came to public notice in the title essay of James ’s first philosophical book , The Will to Believe ( 1897 ) , and readers were quick to recognise that it promised to throw new light on the most agonising intellectual problem of the nineteenth century : the question of what would remain of religion if primitive superstition were discarded .
So when a committee in Scotland found itself having to choose someone to give the next set of Gifford Lectures in Edinburgh , they naturally thought of James .
They would have preferred someone more “ orthodox ” , but they were running out of options and their brief was very accommodating – the lectures had been set up ten years before to promote a modern , liberal approach to religious affairs , and lecturers were permitted to be “ of any religion , or of none ” .
James was therefore invited and quickly agreed to come , offering a two - year course on “ Religious Experience ” , starting in 1899 .
Then he lost his nerve , fell ill , and tried to pull out , but they held him to his promise and in the spring of 1901 he came to Edinburgh and started delivering the lectures that would become his most celebrated book : The Varieties of Religious Experience .
He was very anxious .
His brother Henry had by then established himself as an honorary English gentleman and one of the finest novelists of all time ; but William was no more than an empirical scientist , a convinced Darwinian and an unabashed colonial hick – he dressed and spoke and thought like a Yankee , and admitted that he had been won over by the size of the Gifford fee , which would help finance his habit of “ roughing it ” on his farm at Chocorua in the wilds of New Hampshire .
The title of the first lecture was “ Is Religion a Nervous Illness ? ” – and there was general relief when James concluded that it was not .
He went on to build an impressive case against “ survivalism ” , or the idea that modern religion could be dismissed as an etiolated relic of deluded prehistoric prejudices .
( He pointed out that the same could be said with equal truth of the presuppositions of modern science . )
He went on to criticise the survivalists for “ intellectualism ” – in other words , for setting too much store by theory , and failing to see that “ feeling is the deeper source of religion , and philosophic and theological formulas are secondary products , like translations of a text into another tongue . ”
The feeling most fundamental to religion was a sense of reverent wonder in the midst of the world as we find it , and its defining characteristic was , James said , “ a willingness to close our mouths and be as nothing . ”
The opposite of religion was not so much atheism as the adoption of a “ trifling , sneering attitude ” towards everything , after the manner of the 18th - century French cynic and tedious , tinder - dry chatterbox Voltaire .
Religion meant being able to turn your back both on ironic frivolity and on ponderous complaint : “ it favors gravity , not pertness , ” James wrote , and “ says ‘ hush ’ to all vain chatter and smart wit . ”
From a purely psychological point of view it was obvious that religion – with or without a belief in God – did people good : it made them less self - centred , more willing to forgo personal advantage , and better able to live a simple life and find satisfaction in friendship , devotion , trust , bravery and patience .
But it also gave life a fresh charm – “ an enchantment which is not rationally or logically deducible from anything else . ”
And this enchantment could furnish cognitive rewards as well : religion transports us to new vantage points and gives us access to truths that were otherwise sure to elude us .
“ Why should we suppose that only one system of ideas can be true ? ” he asked .
“ Why may not the world … consist of many realities , which we can approach using different conceptions , just as a mathematician might use geometry , algebra or calculus ? ”
James spent the next eight years trying to promote his pragmatic , pluralist , empiricist approach to truth – what some would call his humanism .
He made it clear that his sympathy for religion did not extend to “ religion ’s wicked partner – the spirit of dogmatic dominion , the passion for laying down the law ” .
He favoured philosophy too , but not the dreary timidity encouraged by what he called “ the PhD Octopus ” , nor the stupefying smugness and philistine cleverness propagated by a posh young Englishman called Bertrand Russell .
“ The wisest of critics is an altering being , ” he wrote , always “ subject to the better insight of the morrow . ”
But while his studious anti-dogmatism found a hearing all round the world , he was unable to nurture it and make it take root before death stopped him in his tracks , on 26 August 1910 , at the age of 68 .
He was not afraid of dying , but he was annoyed to be doing it so soon .
“ It has come so rapidly , rapidly , ” he said , as he lay in bed at Chocorua , dosed with morphine and barely able to breathe .
But if his works have not been as widely read as they deserve , they have been able , from time to time , to strike lights in the lives of others – most notably Ludwig Wittgenstein , who of all the great philosophers was always the hardest to please .
Bertrand Russell allowed himself to be thoroughly vexed in 1912 , when Wittgenstein kept praising Varieties of Religious Experience and telling him that “ it does me a lot of good . ”
Towards the end of his life Wittgenstein told his old friend Maurice Drury – in words that , coming from him , were far from trite : “ that is what made William James such a good philosopher : he was a good human being . ”
[ Photos from top : William James ; James and Alice , his wife ; James and his brother Henry ; James and his daughter , Peggy .
All from the excellent William James Archive at Emory University ]
More heroes of humanism : Read Jonathan Rée on JS Mill , Jürgen Habermas , Leszek Kowlakowski , Hugh Trevor Roper , Isaiah Berlin and Daniel Dennett .
Created and released free on the internet by Monty Python 's Eric Idle to protest new conservative rulings of the FCC as well as the George Bush administration in general .
This track contains a large number of profanities as well as other non -G rated content .
Visit : for more info on this file .
The Naked Gord ProgramComic Irony Abounds During This Kitsch Inspired Show - Excite web portal
Overthrowing the Government : As American as Apple Pie
It ’s nice to remind people , as they gather for July 4th picnics and the local car dealers run ads thanking the troops in Iraq and Afghanistan for “ our freedoms , ” that the holiday they ’re celebrating commemorates — as one libertarian blogger put it — the victory of an insurgency against a global military superpower .
Chris Matthews , a popular liberal news commentator on MSNBC , frequently expresses his dismay at all the Gadsden Flags and suchlike imagery at Tea Party rallies .
Why , he says , these people are using the “ Do n’t Tread On Me ” symbolism to “ attack our own government ” — an utterly unheard of departure from its original appearance in a patriotic foreign war against “ an enemy imperial nation . ”
Rather than using it to fight a foreign government like Britain , they ’re using it to fight ( gasp ) “ their own central government ” !
It ’s really not fair to single Matthews out for blame .
His historical illiteracy is typical of the vast majority of people who absorbed the triumphal statist propaganda the publik skools call “ civics ” and “ American history . ”
Over a century ago anarchist Voltairine de Cleyre ascribed to her contemporaries ( in “ Anarchism and American Institutions ” ) an understanding of the subject almost word - for - word identical to that of Matthews .
“ To the average American of today , the Revolution means the series of battles fought by the patriot army with the armies of England … .
They have no idea why it should have been called a “ revolution ” instead of the “ English War , ” or any similar title : it ’s the name of it , that ’s all . ”
But whether Matthews likes it or not , the American Revolution was a genuine revolution in every sense of the word .
The colonists fought to overthrow their own domestic political institutions .
King George III was not just a foreign tyrant , but the chief executive of each separate colony who appointed its governor , judges , and ( in some cases ) the upper house of the legislature , under the terms of its individual charter .
I ca n’t recommend higly enough Ray Raphael ’s excellent “ A People ’s History of the American Revolution . ”
The real American Revolution , he wrote , was not — as it ’s commonly understood to have been — all the shooting that began with Lexington and Concord and led to the formation of the Continental Army under the powdered - wig aristocrat Washington .
The real American Revolution began in 1774 , when the people of Massachusetts and other New England colonies began overthrowing their domestic political institutions and establishing revolutionary institutions in their place .
One such revolutionary act was the irregular and extraordinary assembly of the Massachusetts lower house as a Convention , and not pursuant to writs of election bearing His Excellency ’s official seal of office — an act in conscious imitation of the Convention Parliament of 1689 , which met despite having never been summoned by James II , as required by English law .
The Convention began functioning as a revolutionary legislature in defiance of Hutchinson .
Meanwhile , local committees of public safety , made up of local citizens imbued with the radical Whig ideology , met to perform the function of defunct local courts , and began drilling militia companies with the encouragement of the Convention ’s standing executive committee .
Under orders of the Convention , various fortifications and arsenals were secured by patriot militia , and the colony began preparing to organize a standing army of 13,000 .
His Excellency fled the colony and sought out British protection .
The British invasion that sparked the battles of Lexington and Concord was an attempt by the Empire — the central government — to retake the arsenal at Concord , as a first step toward restoring the royal charter government of Massachusetts .
In other words , the American Revolution involved the overthrow of a domestic system of power .
The American people overthrew their own colonial governments , in defiance of their own central government .
The American Revolution and its revolutionary institutions were no mere war against a foreign nation , no more than were the Russian Revolution and the soviets .
It ’s odd , in a country founded by such anti-authoritarian hell - raisers , to see a modern - day political culture in which “ 100 % Americanism ” is equated to Loyalty and contrasted to “ Subversion . ”
It ’s equally odd , when we celebrate those hell - raisers who overthrew their own government , to see reactionaries like the American Legion building a cult around a loyalty oath to “ Old Glory . ”
But it ’s really those reactionaries and authoritarians , the Legionnaires and Mrs. Grundys , who are unAmerican .
Rebellion is 100 % American .
Wow .
By Adriana Arévalo , News Director , Univision Nevada
Special to El Tiempo
All of a sudden , it seems Brian Sandoval is Hispanic .
How curious !
The saying that you never know where life will take you is definitely true .
In fact , on his life journey , Sandoval must have taken a fall , lost his memory and woken up believing what his campaign advisors are telling him -- “ you ’re Hispanic . ” [...]
As for Sandoval , many people were left with their mouths wide open ( including this columnist ) with the candidate ’s commercial recently launched on Hispanic television , which literally says , “ With your help , Brian Sandoval can become the first Hispanic Governor in the history of Nevada . ”
It took a few minutes for me to recover after hearing that for the first time .
I could n’t believe it .
Not even Bush , in his best moments of stuttering and muddled thinking , had shocked me as much .
I thought it was one of his opponent ’s commercials , or maybe it was meant to be ironic .
But no , it was n’t part of the Democratic strategy , or a parody ; it seemed like a bad joke , but it was real [... ]
Before he launched such an affirmation on television , his campaign must have psychologically prepared him so he would n’t suffer some sort of trauma upon seeing himself identified as Hispanic .
It was n’t long ago that he said in an interview on Univision that he vehemently supported Arizona ’s anti-immigrant law .
In reference to the same law , he was asked how he would feel if he his children were stopped in the street and asked for their papers .
He answered , with a note of pride in his voice , “ my children do n’t look Hispanic . ”
The Madlib Mystique –
An exclusive interview with underground hip - hop 's most elusive producer , written by Jeff Weiss , and published in LA Weekly , June 24 , 2010 .
Madlib is nowhere to be found .
Peanut Butter Wolf , the head of his label , Stones Throw , does n't know where he is .
Despite repeated phone calls , Eothen ( Egon ) Alapatt , the imprint 's general manager , has n't heard back in 48 hours .
J. Rocc , one of his best friends , is baffled too .
They were supposed to have gone record shopping yesterday , but " shit came up . "
Currently , Madlib is missing the rare interview appointment , but the unexpected is expected .
So long as he turns up around Memorial Day , a few hours before his flight to Copenhagen for a potential collaboration four days from now , no one 's about to put out an Amber Alert .
After all , it might not be clear who to look for .
There 's Otis Jackson Jr. , the government name of the Oxnard - born " Beat Konducta , " a man so enigmatic and elusive his own brother gave him the alias " Hollow Man . "
You could check for one of the members of his fictional jazz ensemble , Yesterdays New Quintet : Ahmad Miller , Monk Hughes , Malik Flavors or Joe McDuphrey .
Or maybe you 'd inquire about Quasimoto , his helium - voiced , psilocybin - propelled alter ego .
Of course , Lord Quas could n't keep clandestine long — he 's loud , prone to branding himself " America 's Most Blunted , " and the only person Madlib claims he does n't get along with .
But they do share one thing — like Quasimoto 's debut - album title , they are " the unseen . "
Speculating on Madlib's whereabouts is futile .
Forget Twitter — he does n't even use e-mail .
The interstellar infinity of his music indicates liberation from the limitations of gravity and time .
Granted , he exists as blood and marrow : two children , lives in a real home in Eagle Rock , and the Gregorian Calendar claims that he 's 36 .
However , he is best understood as myth .
In a society with a vampiric lust for information , our primitive neuroprocessors still compute in archetypes .
Madlib is the man who wears masks , the witch doctor , the star of the medicine show .
It 's possible that the absence is due to personal business , or to something wholly pedestrian .
But it 's unwise to rule out the possibility that he 's been abducted and is currently circling the constellations like his jazz analogue Sun Ra , or washing dishes in the same speakeasy where Malcolm X waited tables ( if you 're to believe his official Stones Throw bio ) .
Most likely , he 'll emerge from this fugue with several finished albums , several more finished blunts and without an explanation for his adventures .
But no explanation is needed .
We 're dealing with Madlib and when you 're dealing with Madlib , you quickly realize that you 're going to have to fill in the blanks .
BLUNTED IN THE ( NEW ) BOMB SHELTER ( THREE MONTHS PRIOR )
The Loop Digga 's Hideaway is located on the top floor of what used to be a Masonic temple — a neo-Renaissance revival façade with weathered red - brick walls and a faded gray frieze studded with pentagrams and the Masonic square and compass .
A Mexican bakery occupies the ground floor and the sweet smell of pan de leche and pastel del queso colors the air as you ascend the dimly lit stairwell leading to the top floor .
Midway through , the scent abruptly shifts , blossoming into a danker , pungent aroma , offering a different indulgence .
At the top floor , you discover Madlib , the Loop Digga himself , wearing a black skully hat , baggy blue jeans and a pinball - sized silver ring — surrounded by samplers , CDs , cassette decks , 4 - and 8 - track recorders , keyboards and drum kits .
No computers .
Instead there are records stacked so high they seem like obelisks .
A collection described by J. Rocc as filled with the most " dirty and dusty LPs imaginable . "
Not just hip - hop , jazz and soul .
Everything from witchcraft records and Detroit techno to obscure German Krautrock .
Calling Madlib a crate - digger is like describing Albert Ayler as a saxophone player — barely accurate .
Madlib does n't just collect records , he revolutionizes them .
And the thousands of albums crammed into the three - room space are n't some completist fetish , they 're functional tools .
Everyone can listen to music , but Madlib 's ears detect alternate frequencies .
He 's a ghost - whisperer summoning analog ancestors — a ferocious Bootsy Collins bass line , a Mario Van Peebles film clip , a half - bar Hugh Masekela horn blast , an extemporaneous Redman ad - lib , a funky - but - forgotten Mantronix drum break .
A mad scientist breaking beats down to their molecular level , seamlessly stitching loops and reshaping them into something with preternatural groove .
" He has records from almost every nation , " says his frequent collaborator , hard - boiled Detroit rapper Guilty Simpson .
" He does n't just buy them to sample .
He wants to understand each song .
He does n't need to know the language to realize musicality . "
The only constant is that he 's constantly working .
Some days , he 'll make a single beat , others he 'll fill up an entire CD -R .
In 2010 , there are plans to release 16 albums , but that 's a conservative estimate .
There are 12 volumes of Madlib 's Medicine Show : half original music , half mixtapes ( Brazilian Tropicalia , African - psych reggae , prog-rock , jazz , soul ) .
Additionally , he has produced entire albums for Guilty Simpson and Strong Arm Steady , plus two jazz records — one under the guise Young Jazz Rebels , the other as the Last Electro - Acoustic Space Jazz and Percussion Ensemble .
So it 's understandable that Earl Grey and scones are n't rolled out to any iPad hack with a blog .
" Interviews are my least favorite thing to do , " he says politely , constantly rifling through records , while resisting reductive analysis .
This is his first American interview since 2006 , because he has better things to do — engulfed in a ceaseless surge of creativity , sleeping only two or three hours a night and fueled by coffee and Lucas Valley OG , the strain of medical marijuana he 's currently incinerating .
Should the fumes become too tantalizing , he will offer both weed and Swisher Sweets for you to roll your own .
CONTINUE READING
Also see :
MADLIB MEDICINE
SHOW NO.1 : BEFORE THE VERDICT
MADLIB
MEDICINE SHOW NO.2 : FLIGHT TO BRAZIL
MADLIB
MEDICINE SHOW NO.3 : BEAT KONDUCTA IN AFRICA
MADLIB
MEDICINE SHOW NO.4 : 420 CHALICE ALL - STARS
MADLIB
MEDICINE SHOW NO.5 : HISTORY OF THE LOOP DIGGA , 1990 - 2000
MADLIB
MEDICINE SHOW NO.6 : THE BRAIN WRECK SHOW
www.stonesthrow.com/madlib
Around 50 per cent of Androids still run under 1.6 , making this ADW .
Launcher app a must - download app .
It brings some of the later features of Android to the early OS versions , such as multiple screens .
Need more convincing ?
It 's free .
Advertisement
EuroDroid.com tested the app and said it was " honestly like getting a new mobile phone , only without having to spend hours dealing with an aggressive call centre operative . "
As well as giving you up to seven homescreens ( which let you store more apps on the pages , plus demonstrate how fast the processor is by swiping your greasy finger left - right - right - right - left ) , it also gifts you with 3D drawers , customizable icons , and widgets .
If you needed any more reason to download it , I 'll leave you with another winning quote from EuroDroid —
" It 's up there alongside the best things you 'll see on Android .
We 're still a little amazed by it , to be honest . "
Advertisement
Aww .
There are two versions to download — one for phones running Android 1.6 , and the second for 2.0+ .
[ ADW .
Launcher via EuroDroid ]
Image Credit : Android Tapp
A clinical study , conducted at Lund University in Sweden , shows that eating blueberries can ease and protect against intestinal irritation [ 1 ] .
They also found that these beneficial effects on the body are increased by the consumption of probiotic bacteria along with the berries .
The two researchers , Camilla Bränning and Åsa Håkansson , have found that when taken together , blueberries and common strains of probiotic bacteria performed better than either did when tested alone .
They also found this combination to be more effective in fighting the symptoms of intestinal disease than probiotics paired with other types of dietary fiber such as oat and rye bran .
They theorize that this is because blueberries have strong antioxidative properties that many other fiber - rich foods , particularly grains , lack .
These qualities give blueberries a somewhat unique ability to ward off irritation caused by harmful organisms that irritate the lining of the intestines .
This , in turn , allows naturally occurring beneficial flora as well as transient probiotics to better colonize the intestines .
Another advantage of combining blueberries with probiotics is a noticeable increase in specialized acids that are formed by soluble fiber as it is dissolved in the intestines and enters the bloodstream .
These acids , known as butyric and propionic acids , are a well - known source of essential energy for the intestinal cells .
The humble blueberry 's ability to help the body heal and revitalize delicate intestinal tissue is an impressive feat on its own , but the benefits it offers when combined with a good probiotic are simply amazing .
If you 're already a fan of blueberries , and are looking for an all - natural probiotic supplement to help counteract the symptoms of intestinal disease , I strongly recommend that you give Latero - Flora™ a try .
Its unique formula is a safe , proven way to help your body maintain its natural digestive balance .
This new research only reinforces the importance of eating healthful , nutritious foods such as blueberries .
It also reminds us of the importance of maintaining a digestive environment that promotes the growth of beneficial bacteria in the intestines .
By supplementing a proper diet with a high - quality probiotic , not only can you help to ensure that your body gets the absolute most out of the foods you eat , you can also combat the symptoms of intestinal disease .
References ( 1 ) Camilla Branning PhD. Blueberries counteract intestinal diseases .
Lund University .
2010 February 8 .
† Results may vary .
Information and statements made are for education purposes and are not intended to replace the advice of your doctor .
If you have a severe medical condition or health concern , see your physician .
Helen Simpson has written four acclaimed short story collections with no longer work in sight .
The American writer Lydia Davis , whose collected stories are published next month , can sum up a lifetime in one paragraph .
What follows is the whole of her story “ A Double Negative ” : “ At a certain point in her life , she realises it is not so much that she wants to have a child as that she does not want not to have a child , or not to have had a child . ”
And that ’s not all there is to love !
Included with your download of our free PDF reader is two weeks of free access to Nitro Pro ,
our full - featured PDF editor — with no risk , no commitment .
For two weeks , you ’ll have the opportunity to test drive a complete PDF editor to determine
if you need more advanced features , such as editing , conversion , redaction , and more .
You may fall in love with Nitro Pro , or you may realize a PDF viewer is all you need .
Either way , you ’ll still come away with the best PDF reader on the market .
MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow has some advice for the White House about reacting to conservative media stories : “ Believing conservative spin about what ’s so wrong with you and then giving into that spin , is not an effective defense .
In fact , it makes it worse . ”
The Obama administration had asked for the resignation of USDA official Shirley Sherrod after a heavily edited video surfaced Monday on Andrew Breitbart ’s Big Government website that appears to show her describing how she had denied help to a white family trying to save their farm .
The story was quickly picked up by Fox News as an example of racial discrimination by the Obama administration .
ADVERTISEMENT
The NAACP condemned Sherrod and Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack asked her to resign .
After obtaining the unedited video , which showed that Sherrod had been describing an incident 24 years ago in which she did successfully help the white farmers , the NAACP apologized and Vilsack said he is willing to reconsider her firing .
Considering the rapid collapse of the original Breitbart story , Maddow had some tart comments to make on the Obama administration ’s hasty response .
“ What is not really interesting about this whole situation is that Fox News is doing this , ” said Maddow on Tuesday .
“ This is what Fox News does .
This is how they are different from other news organizations .
This is why the White House argued months ago that Fox should be treated as a media organization , but not as a normal news organization , because they donÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t treat news the way a normal news organization treats news . ”
“ What is interesting about this story is that the Obama administration inexplicably keeps falling for it , ” she continued .
“ Dear White House , dear administration , believing conservative spin about what ’s so wrong with you and then giving into that spin , is not an effective defense against that spin , ” Maddow advised .
“ Just buying it and apologizing for it and doing whatever they want you to do does n’t make the problem of them lying about you go away .
In fact , it makes it worse . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Breitbart has since asserted that his real target was not Sherrod but the NAACP , which has recently called on the Tea Party movement to expel racists from its ranks .
According to Breitbart ’s Big Journalism site , the video “ features Sherrod telling a tale of racism that is received by the NAACP audience with laughter and cheers .
They were nÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t cheering redemption ; they were cheering discrimination .
Upon hearing the cheers , Sherrod fails to offer any immediate clarification and even smiles right along with them . ”
Even conservative Jonah Goldberg , however , stated on Wednesday , “ I think [ Sherrod ] should get her job back .
I think she ’s owed apologies from pretty much everyone , including my good friend Andrew Breitbart . ”
Goldberg went on to express a perception of the Obama administration that was strikingly similar to Maddow’s .
“ Meanwhile , as a matter of politics , ’ he wrote , “ I think this episode demonstrates that this White House is a much more tightly wound outfit than it lets on in public .
The rapid - response firing suggests a level of fear over Glenn Beck and Fox that speaks volumes . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from MSNBC ’s Countdown , broadcast July 20 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
We might all like to think that our green purchases reflect a genuine concern for the environment , but psychological studies have found this rarely to be true .
When Jessica Nolan at the University of Arkansas and her colleagues asked Californians why they tried to conserve energy , at the top of the list of answers was environmental protection and the benefit to society .
Least influential of all , the householders claimed , was the fact that other people were doing it .
However , when researchers looked at the data they found it was what people thought their neighbours were doing that actually had the strongest relationship with actual efforts to conserve energy .
As Dr Cordelia Fine , author of A Mind of Its Own :
How your brain distorts and deceives , says although people may flatter themselves into thinking their decision to buy green stems from their strong sense of social responsibility , they are simply unconsciously trying to do what they perceive everyone else to be doing .
Bad intentions
But are non-environmental motives necessarily a bad thing ?
After all , if they end up producing the desired effect , does it matter how we got there ?
WWF change strategist Dr Tom Crompton argues that our motives do matter .
He says appealing to materialistic values like saving money might work with switching to low - energy lightbulbs but not with the long - term behavioural changes needed to create a sustainable society .
' If we 're hoping that specific behavioural changes will spill over into other areas and engender a greater sense of environmental concern then the evidence is that an appeal to extrinsic values are n't helpful .
' Lasting and ambitious change will only be achieved through engagement with values and life goals .
This is because , as research demonstrates , values and life goals organise the more specific attitudes and behaviours that make up people 's day - to - day lives , ' says Crompton .
This is a point that Clive Hamilton makes in his new book , Requiem for a Species .
He says green consumerism has failed to make significant inroads into the unsustainable nature of consumption and production and is ' unlikely ever to do so ' .
' By shifting responsibility onto individuals and reinforcing the sacrosanct nature of consumer lifestyles , green consumerism threatens to entrench the very attitudes and behaviours that have given us global warming , ' he says .
Any green is good green
However , not everyone is so pessimistic about green consumption .
Solitaire Townsend , managing director of Futerra Sustainability Communications , says we should ' embrace ' green consumerism whatever the motives , even if they are selfish ones .
' Men do n't drive Porsches to get from A to B , but rather for the documented testosterone rush of being seen driving one .
Like most high carbon consumption behaviour the object is n't to consume , but to achieve status , hedonic identity or to press another of our built - in buttons .
' You ca n't substitute a nature walk for a Porsche , not because of our values but because of our programming . '
Solitare says environmentalists should stop trying to turn off people 's ' rampant desires ' .
The real job , she says , is to find suitable ' status - imbued ' substitutes with lower impacts .
Green status
There is already research that has proven the potential for social status to force people into pro-environmental behaviour .
A study by academics in the US and The Netherlands , ' Going green to be seen : status , reputation and conspicuous conservation ' looked at why sales of the Toyota Pruis , a hybrid car , increased as the price went up .
Economics , of course , suggests the opposite should happen .
It turned out that environmental conservation was low on the list of reasons given by the Prius owners for buying the car .
Instead what researchers found was that it enabled the owners to show , in a highly visible way , that they had made a self - sacrifice .
' While green products may often offer less luxury , convenience and performance than conventional goods , they offer an important status - enhancing reputational benefit .
Such goods enable people to appear pro-social rather than pro-self , ' concludes the study .
Study co-author Dr Bram Van den Bergh from the Rotterdam School of Management , says knowing that a desire for status can spur self - sacrifice presents a ' powerful tool ' for motivating pro-social and pro-environmental action .
He says it is pointless to pretend that we can convince people to buy green products by playing on intrinsic or deeply held beliefs .
' Look at support for the Green Party across Europe .
Not enough people really care , ' says Van den Bergh .
He advocates , like Townsend , playing on people 's desire for status and , in effect , ' nudging them in the right direction ' .
' Playing on extrinsic values like money is not enough .
Once the financial incentive is gone people will return to their old behaviour very quickly .
Social motives like status , on the other hand , can last long - term because social environments will always be there , ' says Van den Bergh .
Moralising greens
While social pressures may help increase green consumerism , there is also an important argument against ' over - moralising ' green acts .
A recent study , ' Do Green Products Make Us Better People ? ' , by psychologists from the University of Toronto , found that people who bought a green product were more likely to use this apparent self - sacrifice as a licence to be more selfish .
Co-author Dr Nina Mazar says their findings support the theory that people keep internal tabs on what they doing : ' If you do something good you can then transgress and vice versa . '
She says if green consumerism became less of a moral issue and more neutral then it could negate this kind of moral self regulation .
Townsend agrees and says environmentalists need to get to grips with the reality of human psychological needs .
' The key is to make people feel good about buying green and making a sacrifice , whether that is by not flying , eating meat or having a big , shiny , fast car . '
In the wake of Dio 's passing , we 've seen an outpouring of tributes from metal bands far and wide , we 've seen an idiot post some terribly unfunny jokes at Dio 's expense , but it would n't be a party unless the Baptist church got involved .
The Westboro Baptist Church to be more specific .
These are the whackjobs behind the site GodHatesFags .
They will be staging a picketing outside Dio's memorial on Sunday .
Why ?
Well , cause Dio is evil and stuff .
One look at their " press release " shows that these people barely even knew what the guy stood for and are probably just looking for something to do on a Sunday after hitting up Church .
Check out this drivel :
WBC to picket this public memorial to remind you who worship that old Serpent , Satan , that your time is very short .
You know 67 year old , Satan - worshiping ( or at least one of their enablers ) Ronnie James Dio ( of showing his devil horns to the world each time he goes in public ) Black Sabbath fame is dead , right ?
We 'll be there !
Just because the chances of any of God 's elect being amongst this group of heavy metal sycophants is slim to none does not mean they should not get some good words .
Advertisement .
Scroll to continue reading .
Yes , it is true that Ozzy Osbourne did " accidentally " bite off the head of a bat , but THAT is the least of their sins ( little nasties ! ) , they currently do not do that , but they throw raw meat to the audience and encourage violence of EVERY FORM !
( Note from Ed : Umm , what ?!
When has Black Sabbath EVER done this ??)
Here you have the list of admitted sins of this now dead and in hell pervert :
1 ) He hates his neighbor (s ) starting with Ozzy Osbourne , and continuing down to his pornography star niece Gen Padova !
( Note : First off , I did n't know he hated Ozzy .
Second off , he has a porn star neice ?!
These guys know more about Dio than I do ! )
2 ) He hates God .
Pay especial attention to the fact that he changed his original sir name from Padova to Dio , which means God in Italian .
3 ) Ronnie the simpleton enabled , and encouraged Sorceries : everything he was about including the little finger horn thing ( he got this from his mother which is an incantation to ward off the " evil eye " ) to the drugs , bloody raw meat and his fellowship with those pentagram necklace wearing freakish band members .
( Note : Can these guys please provide me with footage of Dio throwing raw meat around ?!
Where the fuck did they get this info ?
Also , when I think Dio , the last thing that comes to my mind is druggie ) Advertisement .
Scroll to continue reading .
Yes , Ronnie James Padova ( NOT DIO ) is currently residing in hell .
When all those who worship him and his false gods meet him in hell it will be just like this : Isaiah 2:12
For the day of the LORD of hosts shall be upon every one that is proud and lofty , and upon every one that is lifted up ; and he shall be brought low : Isaiah 14:11
Thy pomp is brought down to the grave , and the noise of thy viols : the worm is spread under thee , and the worms cover thee .
Praise God all ye , His people .
The Great Day of the Lord draws nigh .
AMEN !
Anyway , these people are clearly fucking out of their minds .
I truly hope a bunch of metalheads show up to this and egg these morons OR BETTER YET , bring a bunch of raw meat to throw at them .
Maybe even some latkes and gefilte fish to really piss them off .
There is nothing that gets me angier than a bunch of houlier - than - thou morons disrespecting good people like Dio .
Go fuck yourselves Westboro Baptist Church !
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange talks to Larry King about the 90,000 documents his site recently made public reportedly detailing U.S. war efforts in Afghanistan .
Do n’t miss ' Larry King Live ' at 9 p.m. ET Monday on CNN .
[ Update : 21:25 ]
Ellsberg : 92,000 documents wo n't convey reason for Afghan War
The U.S. war in Afghanistan has been drawing comparisons to the Vietnam War for many years , and WikiLeaks ' publication of more than 90,000 government documents about the war in Afghanistan will give more credence to that comparison .
Daniel Ellsberg , the whistleblower responsible for leaking the U.S. government 's top- secret study on the Vietnam War in 1971 , says that like the Pentagon Papers , these documents will not justify the ongoing war .
" I think what the Pentagon Papers showed with 7,000 pages was that there was a lack of any good reason for doing what we were doing , " Ellsberg told CNN .
" My strong expectation is these 92,000 pages will not convey any good reason for the dying and killing and the enormous money we 're spending over there in a time we cannot afford it . "
FULL STORY
[ Update : 20:27 ]
WikiLeaks shines spotlight on mysterious Task Force 373
U.S. military documents released by WikiLeaks show that a U.S. Special Forces unit in Afghanistan assigned to hunt down terrorists also was responsible for the deaths of civilians , Afghan police officers and , in one particularly bloody raid , seven children while they attended school .
The unit is called Task Force 373 .
It ’s assigned to kill so - called “ high value ” targets or detain them without trial , often in night operations .
The 373 follows a hit list of sorts , according to The New York Times and The Guardian newspaper in England .
FULL STORY
[ Update : 19:35 ]
WikiLeaks documents show successes and failures of Afghan police and army
Training of and handing over security responsibilities to the Afghan police and military forces has been a central component of Afghanistan strategy during the last two administrations .
Among the tens of thousands of documents published by WikiLeaks are a series of reports on the Afghan National Army and the Afghan National Police .
The reports chronicle successes and failures of both agencies from 2004 - 2009 .
Although both agencies have had failures , a preliminary review of the documents suggests that the ANP has more problems than the ANA .
Bruce Riedel , a senior fellow at the Saban Center for Middle East Policy in Washington DC , says that the mixed bag of results in the reports are apparent when reading raw military reporting and traffic .
" If you had taken 90,000 documents from the Allied forces that invaded Normandy in 1944 until they reached V - E Day in 1945 , you probably would have found the same kind of success stories and failures mixed together , " Riedel told CNN .
FULL STORY
[ Original post ]
Whistleblower website WikiLeaks has published what it says are about 76,000 United States military and diplomatic reports about Afghanistan filed between 2004 and January of this year .
The firsthand accounts are the military 's own raw data on the war , including numbers killed , casualties , threat reports and the like , according to Julian Assange , the founder of WikiLeaks.org , which published the material Sunday .
On Monday Assange said the leaked reports from Afghanistan appear to contain " evidence of war crimes . "
" This material does not leave anyone smelling like roses , especially the Taliban , " he said , also implying that some U.S. troops had behaved improperly .
CNN has not independently confirmed the authenticity of the documents .
The Department of Defense will not comment on them until the Pentagon has had a chance to look at them , a Defense official told CNN .
White House National Security Adviser Gen. James Jones , who was among those offering reaction to the large document document , issued a statement Sunday calling the documents ' release " irresponsible . "
" The United States strongly condemns the disclosure of classified information by individuals and organizations which could put the lives of
Americans and our partners at risk and threaten our national security , " the statement said .
There 's a whole lot of information in the documents and we 're digging through them with you to get a sense of what 's in them , what new information we 're learning about the war in Afghanistan , and what the big takeaways are that you need to know about .
What are we learning from the documents ?
WikiLeaks released the documents to The Guardian , The New York Times and Der Spiegel before any other media outlets , and they had a chance to look ahead of time .
Each news organization concentrated on different angles , but here are some highlights :
THE GUARDIAN
The Guardian put together an interactive map using data from the WikiLeaks documents to show and detail what it deemed were several significant events from the logs for users to examine in greater detail .
The paper also dug into many other issues the WikiLeaks material offered information about including :
On Osama Bin Laden : The Guardian examined documents that allegedly link bin Laden to several incidents between 2004 and 2009 .
Examples :
- Osama Bin Laden reported to have issued orders to suicide bombers in Afghanistan
- Afghanistan war logs : Bin Laden instigates suicide attack against Afghan President Hamid Karzai , according to U.S. report
On civilian casualties : Many of the documents deal with civilian casualties , whether from air strikes , at roadblocks or in other circumstances .
Example :
- Special forces wound two , kill six , including young girl , plus donkey and chickens
On Pakistan ties : Several documents that The Guardian highlights indicate the fingerprints of Pakistan 's ISI spy agency on some Taliban activity .
Example :
- Pakistan 's spies accused of arming Taliban ally with motorbikes for suicide attacks
THE NEW YORK TIMES
The Times redacted material it felt would reveal suspects ' identities , to protect “ people in danger , ” or that would “ reveal key tactical military capabilities . ”
The Times links to an explanation of its redactions .
On Pakistan : The Times reports on documents that show Pakistan allows representatives of its secret service to meet directly with members of the Taliban in strategy meetings to organize militants to fight against Americans in Afghanistan .
Plots to assassinate Afghan leaders have been discussed in these meetings , according to the documents .
Example :
- Pakistan Aids insurgency in Afghanistan , reports assert
On how the war is going : The Times reports a " ground - level picture of the war in Afghanistan that is in many respects more grim than the official portrayals . "
Example :
- View is bleaker than official portrayal of war in Afghanistan
On fighting the insurgency : The Times tells the story of U.S. Outpost Combat Keating , opened in 2006 in the Kamdesh district of Nuristan Province to fight the insurgency .
The Times reports that leaked documents show three years of frustration within the outpost including low troop levels , unreliable Afghan partners , and an insurgency that has “ grown in skill , determination and its ability to menace . ”
Example :
- Strategic plans spawned bitter end for lonely outpost
On tactics insurgents use to attack :
The leaked reports repeatedly describe differing tactics insurgents used against U.S. and NATO troops during the war
Example :
- Insurgents seen wearing government uniforms , and other times when they have roamed the country or appeared for a fight in the same Ford Ranger pickup trucks that the United States had provided the Afghan Army and police force .
The trucks are described in this Nov. 2006 document .
- The Times also reports that the Taliban have used portable heat - seeking missiles against allied aircraft , a fact that has not been publicly disclosed by the military .
This type of weapon helped the Afghan mujahedeen defeat the Soviet occupation in the 1980s .
On U.S. military resources : Referring to vehicles used by Americans , the New York Times reports , “ For months the reports show how a third — or even a half — of the team ’s vehicles were out of service , awaiting spare parts . ”
On trust between U.S. and Afghan officials : In September 2007 in Paktia Province , a U.S. Civil Affairs report details a meeting that it had with unhappy Afghan district officials .
Example :
- According to the New York Times , the Afghans began a tirade , telling the Americans : “ The people of Afghanistan keep loosing their trust in the government because of the high amount of corrupted government officials , ” the report quoted the Afghans as saying .
“ The general view of the Afghans is that the current government is worst than the Taliban . ”
On the " corruption " and " cultural misunderstandings ” during war :
The New York Times reports some of the documents show “ an array of problems " occurring in Afghanistan during the war and small misunderstandings or victories that turned out to be failures .
Example :
The truth about an orphanage
- The Times links to three documents about a locally funded orphanage that opened in Patkia province of Afghanistan in which the local director was given a leather jacket .
The first document , dated Nov 2006 , shows an American civil affairs officer enthusiastic about the orphanage ’s opening .
A few months later , a document describing an inspection reveals that only 30 orphans are at the center when there is supposed to be more 100 .
The third document , more than a year later , reveals that there are no orphans in the orphanage .
DER SPIEGEL
On German military problems : Spiegel looks at documents that allegedly illustrate little progress by the German troops in northern Afghanistan .
Example :
- Situation is far worse than the German government reports
On targeted assassinations : Several documents involve alleged targeted killings by the secretive U.S. Task Force 373 .
Example :
- U.S. elite unit could create political fallout for Berlin
So just who is WikiLeaks and exactly what did they publish ?
WikiLeaks publishes and comments on leaked materials that allege government and corporate misconduct .
The nonprofit site is run by a loose band of tech - savvy volunteers and has quickly become one of the Web 's go - to locations .
Assange declined to tell CNN where he got the documents .
He claims the documents reveal the " squalor " of war , uncovering how many relatively small incidents have added up to huge numbers of dead civilians .
This month , Assange , who is rarely seen in public , told a TED conference that Wikileaks thoroughly vets materials on the site .
Watch his TED talk
The significance of the documents , Assange told CNN , lies in " all of these people being killed in the small events that we have n't heard about that numerically eclipse the big casualty events .
It 's the boy killed by a shell that missed a target . "
However , the team at the website WikiLeaks has itself read only 1,000 to 2,000 of the documents , Assange said Monday .
Truth In Advertising – At Long Last
Truth in advertising is a requirement by the Federal Trade Commission as well as various state and local government agencies , that advertisements not make misleading , false , or deceptive claims .
An advertisement can be deceptive without being an outright lie depending upon the perception it creates in the mind of the consumer .
For example , a product that calls itself “ light ” may be nothing more than a slightly lower calorie version of its regular formula but will be perceived to be a low - calorie product .
Or a beverage called an “ orange juice drink ” may contain primarily sugar and water with a minuscule juice content .
Self - reliance is a vital key to living a healthy , productive life .
To be self - reliant one must master a basic set of skills , more or less making them a jack of all trades .
Contrary to what you may have learned in school , a jack of all trades is far more equipped to deal with life than a specialized master of only one .
While not totally comprehensive , here is a list of 50 things everyone should know how to do .
1. Build a Fire —
Fire produces heat and light , two basic necessities for living .
At some point in your life this knowledge may be vital .
2. Operate a Computer — Fundamental computer knowledge is essential these days .
Please , help those in need .
3. Use Google Effectively — Google knows everything .
If you ’re having trouble finding something with Google , it ’s you that needs help .
4. Perform CPR and the Heimlich Maneuver — Someday it may be your wife , husband , son or daughter that needs help .
Clore Automotive Jump - ... Best Price : null Buy New $ 80.08 ( as of 02:15 EST - Details )
5. Drive a Manual Transmission Vehicle —
There will come a time when you ’ll be stuck without this knowledge .
6. Do Basic Cooking —
If you ca n’t cook your own steak and eggs , you probably are n’t going to make it .
7. Tell a Story that Captivates People ’s Attention —
If you ca n’t captivate their attention , you should probably just save your breath .
Charlieu2019s Soap - F... Buy New $ 26.99 ( as of 03:30 EST - Details )
8. Win or Avoid a Fistfight — Either way , you win .
9. Deliver Bad News —
Somebody has got to do it .
Unfortunately , someday that person will be you .
10 . Change a Tire —
Because tires have air in them , and things with air in them eventually pop .
11 . Handle a Job Interview — I promise , sweating yourself into a nervous panic wo n’t land you the job .
12 . Manage Time —
Not doing so is called wasting time , which is okay sometimes , but not all the time .
13 . Speed Read —
Sometimes you just need the basic gist , and you needed it 5 minutes ago .
14 . Remember Names —
Do you like when someone tries to get your attention by screaming “ hey you ” ?
SE CC4580 Military Len ... Buy New $ 7.64 ( as of 10:54 EST - Details )
15 . Relocate Living Spaces —
Relocating is always a little tougher than you originally imagined .
16 . Travel Light —
Bring only the necessities .
It ’s the cheaper , easier , smarter thing to do .
17 . Handle the Police — Because jail is n’t fun… and neither is Bubba .
Replogle Globes Travel ...
Best Price : $ 39.95 Buy New $ 46.50 ( as of 12:50 EST - Details )
18 . Give Driving Directions —
Nobody likes driving around in circles .
Get this one right the first time .
19 . Perform Basic First Aid —
You do n’t have to be a doctor , or genius , to properly dress a wound .
20 . Swim — 71 % of the Earth ’s surface is covered by water .
Learning to swim might be a good idea .
21 . Parallel Park —
Parallel parking is a requirement on most standard driver ’s license driving tests , yet so many people have no clue how to do it .
How could this be ?
22 . Recognize Personal Alcohol Limits —
Otherwise you may wind up like this charming fellow .
23 . Select Good Produce — Rotten fruits and vegetables can be an evil tease and an awful surprise .
Read the rest of the article
July 28 , 2010
The Best of Mark
For some unfathomable reason , NHL general managers have seen fit to go gaga for goons this off - season .
It 's a position with only thirty job openings worldwide and about 250 applicants , yet general managers are treating goons like a commodity in short supply .
The Flyers started the crazy by signing Jody Shelley to a three - year $ 1.1 million per year deal in the first three hours of free agency .
Apparently , Riley Cote , Darroll Powe and Dan Carcillo were n't enough - it was the fourth fighter that was going to get Philadelphia over the hump .
Not to be outdone by their rivals , the Rangers stepped up to the plate .
Glen Sather 's annual off - season crazy centered around Derek Boogaard .
Boogaard , the man that costs the Wild about two points per year in the standings , despite playing only five minutes per night , was given an insane four - year contract worth $ 1.65 million annually .
The cap - stressed Blackhawks thought that defenseman John Scott , a pair of knuckles that dresses every once in awhile , was a worthwhile investment , so Stan Bowman signed him ... to a two - year contract , because one year would n't have been enough for a goon to sign a guaranteed contract .
Darryl Sutter , not one to be outdone when it comes to poor decisions , threw two years at Raitis Ivanans , the worst player in the league at giving away power plays , because one year just was n't enough for a player of his ilk .
Not content with just one goon to make the Flames a three line team , Sutter also signed Tim Jackman ... to a two - year deal .
Steve Tambellini jumped into the fray and brought back Steve MacIntyre , a nice guy that punches hard but is n't much of a hockey player .
Tambellini gave MacIntyre his first - ever one - way contract , and though he was well - liked by the Oilers during his previous stint here , there is a reason that this was his first one - way contract .
Yesterday , George McPhee thought enough of D.J. King to pull off the always - rare sign - and - trade with the Blues , sending away middling prospect Stefan Della Rovere .
But at least the Capitals have that very difficult - to - fill goon position taken care of for ... two years .
Why the rest of the league followed and escalated the stupidity arms race started by the Flyers and Rangers is a mystery .
Is there some hidden value to goons that we are n't aware of ?
After the jump , I look at the value that a goon brings to the bottom line in the NHL .
To figure out the value of a goon , I used Desjardins ' BehindTheNet.ca to average the time on ice and goals for / goals against for every goon in the league over the last three seasons .
The average goon plays 6.9 minutes per game and 51 games per year .
The average goal differential per 82 games is - 5.55 .
The best goon is George Parros at +15 in 1205 minutes of ice time .
The worst is our good friend Raitis Ivanans at - 26 in 1317 minutes of ice time .
One other aspect of the game that a goon has an influence over is penalties taken and penalties drawn .
A " good " goon will minimize his impact when not fighting , while a " bad " goon will take unnecessary minor penalties and put his team on the penalty kill .
Desjardins has looked at penalty differential a couple of times , focusing mainly on the skill of drawing penalties .
He 's found that Dustin Brown is the best regular player in the league at drawing penalties and Patrick Kaleta has a talent for drawing penalties that contributes to a not - insignificant number of wins for the Sabres .
I looked at the flip side of that - the worst players in the NHL at taking penalties .
The average NHL goon has a penalty differential of - 6.43 per 82 games .
As Desjardins showed in the linked posts , a minor penalty is worth about .2 goals based on the value of the power play .
Using that information , we can see that the average NHL goon gives up 1.28 goals per season based on penalty differential alone .
Jared Boll led the way with a differential of +16 in 1727 minutes of ice time , though Darcy Hordichuk had a differential of +15 in 964 minutes of ice time .
The worst is our good friend Raitis Ivanans at - 48 in 1317 minutes of ice time , or approximately - 3.74 goals per season .
Ivanans has been on the wrong end of 29 goals in the last three seasons .
As Tyler at MC79hockey has shown , a differential of just shy of six goals is approximately one win or loss per year , so Ivanans has cost the Kings five wins in the last three years .
Tim Jackman has been on the wrong end of 25 goals over that same time period , and cost the Islanders four wins .
Using these numbers , the average NHL goon is responsible for - 6.83 goals per season , or one loss per year , yet this summer general managers have become enamored with them .
I 'm not taking other factors like qualcomp ( goons are always in the bottom three for each team ) or WOWY into account , but in a straightforward analysis , goons are not a worthwhile investment .
There are players like George Parros and Zack Stortini that can hold their own against other fourth lines , but the rest of the " true goons " list is plastered with nothing but minuses .
By the way , a big thank you to the Calgary Flames for signing Raitis Ivanans ; he should be a great help to the rest of the division next season .
WASHINGTON  Michael Steele , the chairman of the Republican National Committee , sought to contain a growing furor within his party on Sunday as three Republican lawmakers questioned his effectiveness because of his suggestion that the military conflict in Afghanistan was not winnable and was “ a war of Obama ’s choosing . ”
Senators John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , who serve on the Armed Services Committee , became the latest Republicans to denounce the comments made by Mr. Steele last week at a fund - raising event , where he also said the United States was on the wrong side of history in Afghanistan .
“ I think those statements are wildly inaccurate , and there ’s no excuse for them , ” Mr. McCain said from Kabul on the ABC News program “ This Week . ” “ I believe we have to win here .
I believe in freedom .
But the fact is that I think that Mr. Steele is going to have to assess as to whether he can still lead the Republican Party . ”
Doug Heye , a spokesman for the Republican National Committee , declined to comment Sunday .
Several party officials said Mr. Steele had spent the weekend calling Republican leaders , including Mr. McCain , to explain his remarks and try to blunt the fallout .
William F. Buckley ’s old magazine is still fighting to discredit Robert La Follette and Progressivism .
On July 8 , on National Review ’s website , Tiffany Jones Miller writes a long story entitled “ The Progressives ’ Legacy of Bankruptcy . ”
She starts off by decrying the national debt , without even mentioning the spending spree on war that George W. Bush took the country on .
Nor does she acknowledge the arguments of Nobel Prize - winners Paul Krugman or Joseph Stiglitz , or those of economist James Galbraith , who all point out that the national debt is not the catastrophe that the Chicken Littles on the Right make it out to be .
No , this Chicken Little squawks like all the others about Medicare , Medicaid , and Social Security , the very programs that provide some semblance of comfort to the vast majority of elderly or disabled Americans .
See , Miller opposes these programs .
And fundamentally , she opposes the philosophy behind them : the idea that the government should help alleviate the crushing burdens placed on individuals .
“ The Progressives ’ zeal to promote their fellow Americans ’ spiritual development , and thus to engineer social conditions more conducive to this goal , gave rise to an emphasis upon a host of objectives intermediate to this aim , ” she writes .
“ The Progressives were keen to remove any social condition believed to frustrate the process of spiritual fulfillment , including , first and foremost , the problem of poverty . ”
In fact , poverty , in her view , is like a kick in the pants .
Check out this sentence , especially the phrase between the dashes : “ Viewing the bite of necessity merely as ‘ restriction ’ on man ’s intellectual and moral development — as opposed to a spur to better , more responsible behavior — the Progressives advocated a host of reforms designed to redress poverty and its consequences … . ”
And thank god they did .
Because poverty ( which she euphemistically called “ the bite of necessity ” ) confines the individual ’s life choices and thereby limits a person ’s freedom .
She holds a very narrow interpretation of “ all men are created equal . ”
She says it means “ all ordinary adult human beings have a right by nature to rule themselves without depending upon the permission of anyone else .
Man ’s natural freedom , in other words , is the necessary implication of equality . ”
But how free is the person who is homeless , or starving , or uninsured , or unemployed ?
As Anatole France once put it : “ The law , in its majestic equality , forbids the rich as well as the poor to sleep under bridges . ”
It is just this kind of “ majestic equality ” that Tiffany Jones Miller and the National Review exalt .
If you liked this story by Matthew Rothschild , the editor of The Progressive magazine , check out his article “ Netanyahu Did n’t Deserve the Red Carpet Treatment . ”
× Follow Matthew Rothschild
Follow Matthew Rothschild @mattrothschild on Twitter
From Alan at Appinsys , who emails that he was inspired by this story on WUWT : A spot check on NOAA ’s “ hottest so far ” presser
“ NOAA : June , April to June , and Year - to - Date Global Temperatures are Warmest on Record ”
The following figure from NOAA shows the temperature anomaly of January – June 2010 compared to the 1971 - 2000 base period for 5×5 degree grids [ http://www.noaanews.noaa.gov/stories2010/20100715_globalstats.html]
The problem with the above map : data quality and data manipulation .
The following sections provide some spot checks on the areas of the world exhibiting the most warming according to NOAA .
The gridded historical data graphs shown in these sections are from the Hadley CRUTEM3 database for January – June .
( CRUTEM3 uses a 1961 - 1990 base period whereas the NOAA data above is for a 1971 - 2000 base period .
This simply shifts the anomalies on the vertical scale , but does not affect the relative trends . )
It is clear from the following sections that NOAA performs manipulations to create false impressions from the data , including assigning temperature increases were there is zero data .
Spot Check – Northern Africa
It is apparently much hotter than usual in the Sahara .
But where is the data ?
Several of the 5×5 degree grids have zero stations ( indicated by the black arrows ) .
Many of the others have one station with very limited historical data .
There seems to be an inverse correlation between the number of stations and warming – more stations in a 5 × 5 degree grid and less warming is observed .
The map figure above shows the location of stations in the NOAA GHCN database ( blue G or green B icons ) and the red 5 ×5 icon indicates whether data exists in the Hadley CRUTEM3 database – a 5× 5 degree gridded database used by IPCC ( plotted at http://www.appinsys.com/GlobalWarming/climate.aspx).
The grid lines are 5×5 degree grids .
In many of the 5×5 degree grids showing 4 degrees warming according to the NOAA map , there are only one or two stations .
The figure below shows some of the “ hot - spots ” in the NOAA map displaying January – June average temperature anomaly from the Hadley CRUTEM3 database for 1900 – 2009 .
In no cases is the warming close to what NOAA indicates .
There is a severe problem with lack of historical data in Africa as well as lack of coverage and gaps in the data .
NOAA ’s algorithms spread the low quality data across areas that have no data as well as showing warming that is n’t really there .
One must really question the NOAA data when even the areas with many stations seem misrepresented .
The following figure shows the area of eastern Turkey which has many stations and shows no warming in Jan-Jun through 2009 , but suddenly according to NOAA has 4 degrees in 2010 .
Spot Check – Greenland
It is apparently much hotter than usual in Greenland .
But where is the data ?
Most of the 5×5 degree grids have zero stations ( only some of which are indicated by the black arrows ) .
Most of the grids with data have one station .
The two hottest spots on the NOAA Greenland area show 5 degrees warming and have no data .
Some of the Greenland stations have long - term data .
The figure below shows some of the “ hot - spots ” ( that actually have data ) in the NOAA map displaying January – June average temperature anomaly from the Hadley CRUTEM3 database for 1900 – 2009 .
Spot Check – Canada
It is apparently much hotter than usual in Greenland .
But where is the data ?
Most of the 5×5 degree grids have zero stations ( only some of which are indicated by the black arrows ) .
Most of the grids with data
Historical Context
Many parts of the world do not have data for the first half of the 20th century .
Without this historical context it is easy to create misleading impressions .
Northern Africa : A lack of historical context .
The warming of 1 – 2 degrees since the base period is without historical perspective .
This lack of history gives the false impression that the warming is significant .
Greenland :
The historical context shows that warming and cooling by several degrees is not without precedent .
Recent warming is less than the 1930s .
The statement of warming since the 1980s gives the false impression that this is unprecedented .
Canada :
Many stations in northern Canada are no longer maintained in the GHCN or CRUTEM3 databases .
Warming has been 4 degrees over the last 40 years according to NOAA .
The historical context shows similar warming in the 1930s ( graph shown previously ) .
Recent warming in Canada correlates to the El Nino Southern Oscillation ( ENSO ) .
The following figure compares the Jan- June temperature graph shown previously for northern Canada with the multivariate ENSO index ( from http://www.esrl.noaa.gov/psd/people/klaus.wolter/MEI/).
Sponsored IT training links :
Latest 350-029 dump and 1Y0 - A05 practice questions delivers in depth understanding so you will pass 156- 215.70 exam on time .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
The Israeli military said it had carried out an air strike in the area about an hour after two rockets were fired from Gaza .
There were no reports of any casualties or damage from the makeshift projectiles .
Article content
The same Florida church that held a “ No Homo Mayor ” protest will also be hosting “ International Burn a Koran Day ” on the ninth anniversary of the Sept. 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks in New York , the Miami New Times reports
.
We apologize , but this video has failed to load .
tap here to see other videos from our team .
Try refreshing your browser , or Florida church to host ' Burn a Koran ' day on ninth anniversary of 9/11 attacks Back to video
The Westboro Baptist Church is in Gainsville , Fla. , and its pastor says Islam is evil :
Terry Jones says that Islam is “ a violent and oppressive religion that is trying to [ masquerade ] itself as a religion of peace , seeking to deceive our society . ”
The church has posted a controversial sign on its lawn that reads : “ Islam is of the Devil , ” which is coincidentally , is the title of the book
that the church ’s pastor has published .
The church will burn Korans , the holy book of the Islamic faith , from 6 p.m. to 9 p.m. on Sept. 11 , 2010 “ in remembrance of the fallen victims of 9/11 and to stand against the evil of Islam . ”
to tell people that Jesus is the only way , he says :
“ We actually posted the sign because there is a tremendous growth in Islam at this time .
It is a violent and oppressive religion and does not have anything to do with the truth of the Bible , ” Jones said .
“ We are definitely trying to send the message that Jesus Christ is the only way . ”
dedicated to the event with just less than 1,000 members .
There ’s also a group that was started in
, but they only have less than 300 members .
I wonder if this event will be as successful as the ill - fated “ Everyone Draw Mohammad Day
. ”
A federal watchdog criticized U.S. agencies on Thursday for squandering taxpayer money on facilities in Afghanistan that are too complex and costly for the Afghan government to maintain .
U.S. officials acknowledge that they plan to spend hundreds of millions of dollars to hire contractors to operate a complex of buildings in troubled Kandahar and other facilities in Afghanistan for the next 10 years .
A federal auditor complained in a report that the buildings constructed by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers for the Afghan national police represent an “ outrageous waste of taxpayer money . ”
He said the problems are representative of a “ regular negative pattern ” in overly complex construction in the country .
“ Why in the world are we continuing to construct facilities all over Afghanistan that we know , and the Afghans know , they will not be able to sustain once we hand the facilities over ? ” asked Arnold Fields , the special inspector general for Afghan reconstruction .
His critique comes at a time when the Obama administration is funneling billions of dollars into projects as part of its efforts to strengthen the country ’s central government and security forces .
With support for the Afghan war declining and concerns about U.S. government spending rising , aid for Afghanistan is an increasingly sensitive political issue for the administration .
This is not the first time Washington has been accused of overbuilding projects for a frail allied government .
During the George W. Bush administration , U.S. agencies were faulted for building power plants in Iraq that were never employed to capacity because they were too complex for Iraqi engineers to operate .
The project in Kandahar , called the Joint Regional Afghan Security Forces Compound , cost about $ 45 million .
It includes administrative and training buildings , a vehicle maintenance shop , warehouses and barracks .
Although the southern city is the Taliban ’s spiritual home and coalition forces have long been planning an offensive to reassert government control , the project in question is in an area under coalition control .
Still , U.S. officials in Afghanistan acknowledged to the auditor that Afghans do n’t have the money or technical expertise to run the compound on their own .
As a result , they are planning to have the complex and other buildings in the country operated over the next 10 years by independent contractors — under agreements they expect to be worth about $ 800 million .
The audit also found that the Army Corps of Engineers did n’t prepare a master plan for the complex , with the result that money was wasted on redundant power , water , sewer , heating and air conditioning systems .
The project also was plagued by delays .
Work on three buildings fell six to 12 months behind schedule , and a fourth was delayed by two years , the report said .
The auditor also faulted the agency for locating a barracks building next to the armory building .
The report noted that the armory could become a target for attack , so the proximity “ is inappropriate and puts the lives of the Afghan national police personnel living in the barracks at unnecessary risk . ”
paul.richter@latimes.com
Celebrate the delicious diversity of the great American hamburger .
Each week for 20 weeks the AP will feature a new burger created by the biggest names in the food world .
For Michel Nischan , building a better burger is part of making the world a better place .
“ I have seen all kinds of outlandish burger ideas , from making burgers with vegetables , fish , shrimp , you name it , ” said Nischan , whose cookbook , “ Sustainably Delicious , ” and Westport , Conn. , restaurant Dressing Room focus on ecologically sound eating .
The greatness of a burger depends almost entirely on the quality of the meat .
And because cattle were intended to eat only grass , he says the best burgers come from those who ate only that .
Once he has his beef , he still likes to dress it up a bit .
Which is to say , if you want to taste Nischan ’s ultimate eco burger , you ’ll need to shop close to home , searching out local sources for the very best ingredients .
It also means that every burger will be different , the tastes influenced by the variations in the land and animals that produced the ingredients .
“ Let ’s bring back Main Street America by cooking a good sustainable burger , ” he said .
“ The immediate reward is flavor .
The ultimate reward is a better world ! ”
THE ULTIMATE ECO - BURGER
1 pound grass - fed , grass - finished ground beef
Salt and ground black pepper
3 Tablespoons butter from grass - fed dairy cows , divided
4 free - range eggs
4 slices cheddar cheese
8 slices whole - grain bread or 4 whole - grain rolls
2 medium heirloom tomatoes ( 2 varieties if possible )
8 slices cooked bacon
4 leaves lettuce
Heat a gas grill to medium or prepare a charcoal or wood grill , banking the coals to one side .
Divide the beef into quarters and form into patties .
Season with salt and pepper .
Heat a large cast - iron skillet over medium .
Place 1 tablespoon of the butter in the pan and coat the bottom .
Crack the eggs individually into the pan and cook sunny side up .
Remove from the pan and set aside .
When the grill is heated , cook the burgers for 4 minutes on the first side .
Flip the burgers and top each with 1/2 Tablespoon of the remaining butter , then top each with a slice of the cheese .
Continue cooking to desired doneness .
When the burgers are done , transfer them to a warm plate and let rest for 3 minutes .
Toast the bread or buns on the grill until slightly browned and crispy .
To assemble the burgers , arrange a slice of each tomato on the bottom of each bun , followed by the burger , 2 slices of bacon , a leaf of lettuce , an egg and the top of the bun .
Serves four .
Plone Symposium South America 2010 Issues Call for Proposals
Plone Cono
Sur invites you to attend and show your Plone skills at the second edition of the Plone Symposium South America to be held in Cordoba , Argentina .
Plone Symposium South America is a regional event created to gather Plone users from Government , Education , NGO and Private Sector .
We also strengthen the Plone Community in South America , socially and technically , through training and sprints .
Promote Plone locally through the half - day Success Stories session .
Cordoba is located near the geographical center of Argentina , about 700 km ( 435 mi ) northwest of Buenos Aires .
Cordoba is the second largest city in Argentina , and has all the features of a metropolitan city .
The city is 5 centuries old , it has lovely pedestrian streets , huge shopping centers , and many historical places , some of them considered World Heritage by UNESCO .
The city is surrounded by valleys , formed up by three main mountain groups .
It is known for the colonial buildings in the center as well as for the beautiful hills in the surroundings .
The city is called La Docta because of the many universities and scientific institutes .
Around 200.000 people study here , which makes the city one of those with the youngest and liveliest appearance in South America .
You can find out more about this great event at http://plonesymposium.com.ar
Plone Chosen as New Publishing Environment for MIT's OpenCourseWare ( OWC )
MIT OpenCourseWare ( http://ocw.mit.edu/ ) is a web - based publication of virtually all course content from the Massachusetts Insitute of Technology ( MIT ) .
It is a resource that is used by students , teachers and average people around the world via the web , giving average citizens access to a wealth of information previously only available to students who could attend one of the world 's most recognized and respected universities .
We recently found out that OCW has adopted Plone as their online publishing environment .
From the OCW website :
" A New Publishing Environment for OCW
OCW is adopting a new , open - source publishing environment , Plone .
Moving 1,981 courses along with all associated PDFs , images and other resources is going to take some time .
For the next few weeks , you wo n't see any new courses on OCW , and we wo n't have a new feature in this space .
But the whole site will still function as usual while we perform work behind the scenes , and you can look forward to new courses again in early June . "
Plone 4.1 Framework Team Named
Congratulations , and thanks , to the members of the new Plone 4.x Framework Team :
Alec Mitchell
Ross Patterson
Laurence Rowe
Matthew Wilkes
Martijn Pieters
Rob Gietema
Elizabeth Leddy
Craig A. Haynal
The 4.x Framework Team will be responsible for evaluating improvement proposals and implementations for Plone 4.1 and subsequent releases in the 4.x series .
This team has a lot of experience : Alec , Ross , Laurence , Matthew and Martijn all served on previous framework teams .
Rob and Craig both did guest reviews for the 4.0 Framework Team .
And Elizabeth is a master integrator who 's been cataloging resources for use of Plone in high - demand situations .
The new framework team was chosen by a working group of Framework Team members and alums .
The 4.x Framework Team will work alongside the Plone 5 Framework Team , with both releases under active development .
David Brenneman and Mark Corum Named the Newest Members of the Plone Foundation
Please welcome Mark Corum and David Brenneman to the Plone Foundation membership !
David is a long - time , active community member who has participated in many sprints in Europe and North America , made contributions to the Plone core , Archetypes and the collective , and was principle organizer of the 2010 Tahoe Dexterity Sprint .
Mark leads the Plone Marketing team , is currently a member of the Foundation Board , and works at the University of Virginia .
PloneEdu Website Officially Launched at Plone Symposium East 2010
PloneEdu , a community promoting Plone for web publishing in education , was launched at Plone Symposium East 2010 at Penn State .
PloneEdu members will guide and collaborate with individuals and teams in all levels and types of education .
" We want to build bridges between the innovative Plone community and the educational sector , " says Michael J. Halm , Director and Senior Strategist at WebLion and Co-Chair of the PloneEdu Steering Team .
" The goal is to create a community that supports the needs of decision makers , developers and integrators , website administrators and web content owners . "
The fast - growing PloneEdu network includes schools , universities and related institutions worldwide .
These organizations have discovered the benefits of using the powerful content management system to reduce costs , streamline processes , assure best - in - class security , and provide flexible integration with current systems .
For more information about PloneEdu and how to participate , visit weblion .
psu.edu / ploneedu and follow the instructions for joining the PloneEdu community .
Plone to Be Represented at OSCON 2010
Plone with be among the products represented at this years OSCON , Open Source Convention in Portland 's Oregon Convention Center .
The conference , presented by OReilly , run from July 19th through 23rd .
Calvin Hendryx - Parker , of Six Feet Up , will be representing Plone with the help of a grant from the Plone Foundation .
According to Calvin , " OSCON is an excellent opportunity for the Plone CMS to gain exposure in the open source world .
It is n't often that you get so many diverse projects and people in one location . "
Since 1998 , OSCON has been bringing together tech ’s visionaries and hackers to explore all that open source has to offer .
As the pace of innovation accelerates , OSCON provides a central place to gain exposure to and evaluate the new projects , tools , services , platforms , languages , software , and standards sweeping through the open source community .
As open source becomes fully integrated into the corporate environment , OSCON helps to define what it means to be open source .
This annual convention has become one of the most important places to make open source related announcements , and to unveil projects and products .
You can find out more at oscon.com .
Sauna Sprint 2010 - July 27 in Helsinki , Finland
As computing events become more and more polished , expensive and involved , the Sauna Sprint in Helsinki , Finland offers a very simple proposition .
Let " normal "
Plone programmers who are sprinting of general Plone topics ( and covering most of their own expenses ) work with Electrical Engineering and Computer Science ( EECS ) students at universities , institutes and technical schools in Europe awarding an engineering degree .
EESTEC is a non-political , non-profit organization for EESC students and is sponsoring the event .
Since this sprint is an official EESTEC event , all accommodation and food expenses for students are covered by the organizer , LC Helsinki .
The main thing that the students need to cover themselves are their travel expenses .
However , if we are lucky and get lots of sponsors and donations , we 'll be able to cover a part of these expenses as well .
EESTEC sprinters will be divided into smaller groups based on their experience with Plone .
During the sprint they will get introduced to Plone , how to use is as a power user and how to develop with it .
Those with previous experience will work on documenting and bugfixing eestec.net , EESTEC's Plone portal .
You can find out more about the Sauna Sprint by visiting http://plone.org/events/community/sauna-sprint-2010/
You can help by sponsoring or by donating !
( http://saunasprint.chipin.com/)
Living Statues Sprint 2010 Coming to Arnhem , The Netherlands August 25 - 29
Four Digits < http://fourdigits.nl/ > will be hosting a sprint August 25 - 29 in Arnhem , The Netherlands which will focus on tasks for upcoming Plone 4 and Plone 5 releases .
Potential topics include Deco , Blocks and Collections - and suggestions are more than welcome .
The sprint will be held during the World Championship for Living Statues , which will take place on August 30th ( sunday ) .
The very best national and international living statues will be performing from 13.00 until 17.00 hrs .
At the same time , the amateurs will compete for the National Championship .
This will take place in the city center of Arnhem at walking distance of the Four Digits office .
The sprint has room for about 30 sprinters and the staff of Four Digits in glad to help find a suitable hotel among the many nearby .
You can find out more by visiting http://plone.org/events/community/living-statues-sprint-2010
NewGlobalCitizens.org
Wins Best Plone - Powered Site of the Year at 2010 CMS Expo
NewGlobalCitizens.org recently won Best Plone - Powered Site of the Year at the 2010 CMS Expo in Chicago .
This year marked the 4th professional gathering of the CMS Community from around the world , with a focus on delivering highly useful information , tips , tricks and actionable advice to all attendees .
The award recognizes a great organization and the importance of a solid website to a nonprofit .
Plone was one of the featured tracks at this year 's CMSExpo , which showcases the best in web content management and is organized by the Content Management System Association .
The best nonprofit website award went to a Plone website created by ifPeople for New Global Citizens .
For New Global Citizens , the effort to build a new website and operate on a new communications platform could not have been accomplished without first realizing that an investment in technology was the key to sustaining the growth of their organization .
Operating with a limited staff , NGC now has a greater ability to share and interact with students in over 50 high schools around the country .
The staff can see all information about students , teachers , and donors in one system .
And NGC 's core processes around team formation , action , and reporting were turned into a pipeline that staff could manage easily , saving them time by making their key information visible .
The team at ifPeople also handled extensive remote and on site training to support user adoption and ensure NGC was up and running successfully with two new technologies .
Christopher Johnson represented ifPeople at this year 's Expo and gave a talk on Plone add - on products , introducing new Plone users to products they can leverage for their website .
Chris highlighted one key area of interest from last year 's Expo ‚the Plone - to - CRM ( client relationship management ) integration‚ and included a section demoing the simple parts of Plone - to - salesforce integrations into his presentation .
Plone 's Salesforce integration products were also the recipient of the Best Plone App award at the CMSExpo !
Harvard School of Engineering and Applied Sciences Named Best Plone - Powered Education site at CMS Expo 2010
Boston - based Jazkarta was recently awarded for Best Plone - Powered Education Website for the Harvard School of Engineering and Applied Sciences website .
The award was presented at the CMS Expo 2010 in Chicago .
Jazkarta President and Founder Nate Aune , was quick to share credit for the award .
" I must commend the Harvard SEAS team for all their hard work in migrating the content to the website and intranet , and for being champions of Plone within the school .
Mike Trachtman , the project manager , stayed cool and focused during challenging times .
Thanks to everyone at Harvard SEAS for giving us this opportunity to work with you . "
Within the Harvard community , the SEAS website has gotten some kudos as well .
It was voted the Best Harvard Website by the Harvard Voice , Harvard 's student - life magazine .
You can visit the site at http://www.seas.harvard.edu/
Plone Teams with Google as Part of Google Summer of Code
After having proposals accepted by the Plone Foundation four university students have started working on improving Plone , thanks to funding from Google .
The Google Summer of Code is a global program that offers students generous stipends to write code for various open source software projects during their summer holidays .
This is the fifth year Plone has participated in the programme and has accepted four projects , listed below .
AJAXIFY PloneFormGen form editing by Nenad Mancevic ( Manca ) , mentored by Steve McMahon ( SteveM ) .
PloneFormGen is a very popular add - on product for Plone that allows content editors to create very powerful forms for managing user interaction .
This project will make the FormGen editing process more dynamic and even easier to use by introducing a new jQuery powered front - end for creating and modifying forms .
Core tiles development
Core tiles development by Israel Saeta Perez ( dukebody ) , mentored by Martin Aspeli ( optilude ) .
Deco is a revolutionary page composition system heavily based on semantic HTML and middleware software ( either WSGI or using a post- publication hook ) being developed by a group of Plone core developers with the hope of including it in Plone 5 .
The underlying Deco architecture , based on the concepts of panels and tiles , needs to be supplemented with a set of core tiles such as images , videos , navigation etc , . in order to design useful pages .
This project aims to implement these tiles and continue the development of the tiles , blocks and page management backends .
Simplifying the Plone TTW theme customization experience
Simplifying the Plone TTW theme customization experience by David Bain ( pigeonflight ) , mentored by David Glick ( davisagli ) .
The experience of creating or customizing a Plone theme needs to be simplified .
This project aims to simplify the experience of through the web ( TTW ) theme customisation and integrate it into our existing theming story .
This aims to replace the existing customisation tools with a single unified tool that makes life easier for skinners .
CMIS for Plone ( cmis4plone )
CMIS for Plone ( cmis4plone ) by Leilei Zhu , mentored by Eric Steele ( esteele ) and Weblion .
The Content Management Interoperability Services ( CMIS ) standard defines away for applications to work with one or more Content Management repositories / systems .
This project is about developing a useful subset of this specification to increase interoperability between Plone and other CMSes .
This follows on from the hugely successful work done in last year 's Summer of Code by Chelsea Bingel and Michael Mulich , also mentored by the Weblion team at Penn State University .
These projects are hugely useful for the Plone and the open source community in general , more news will be posted here in due course but following http://planet.plone.org is the best way to keep completely up to date with progress on these projects
" Let 's screw the pooch .
I 'm all about fun . " ― Chiana
Life Before Moya [ edit | edit source ]
At some time in their older childhood or younger teens , Chiana and her three - years - older brother Nerri fled their home on Nebari Prime , seeking a different life .
( Their relationship with and treatment by their family is unknown except that she ' never saw joy in her sires ' and she once indicated that she understood difficult fathers ) .
Obtaining exit visas to their surprise , they were also given a ' routine physical examination ' during which they were unknowingly infected with the Nebari Contagion .
Living on their own in the often violent , cruel and lawless ' Uncharted Territories ' , Chiana learned a great many varied skills of survival ( probably the hard way ) .
She learned to fashion her own clothes from ' procured ' odds and ends and even how to pilot a Peacekeeper Prowler .
She also resorted to scamming , thievery and prostitution .
Nerri's activities and his involvement in Chiana 's activities are unknown .
Chiana has suggested he disapproved of some things she did .
He may have worked as a miner at some time ; he also jested it was amazing he was working at anything .
Chiana remarked that she had to teach her older brother to cinch his shoes ; she may well have been responsible for providing for them both , at least at some point .
In living with Nerri without all other family , friends , home , society , culture or security of any kind in addition to the easily overwhelming traumas involved in her new survival , Chiana was ' bent ' but refused to ' break ' .
The fun loving soul acquired a sometimes painfully desperate sense of humor , a focus on the ' thrills ' and a likewise sometimes painfully desperate self - confidence in order to push ahead for new adventure and excitement with so little means , experience , support or guidance .
While obviously made even edgier by this and a drive to improve her skills , appeal , etc. as she saw them , Chiana retained a rather sensitive , good heart , despite the corruptive nature of her life , and the quite serious risks to sanity and survival it sometimes held .
She fought and killed when necessary , her personal defenses drawing a division between necessary ( which she has done with a seeming hardened thoughtlessness of surviving long in a violent cruel world ) ; what could be helped ; and what she is emotionally involved in .
Yet although her heart can and has often made this agonizingly difficult and complex at times , she always chose to fully taste life and tries living by her heart and spirit in spite of all .
Over a few years , Chiana and Nerri grew fiercely attached , to the extent they implanted " life discs " linking to each other ( a device implanted in the upper abdominal cavity that gives one a constant awareness of the others ' existence , only for the closest of loved ones ) .
Nerri was eventually informed of the contagion he and his sister were carrying by a high - profile Nebari leader and provided an antibody ; Nerri and Chiana underwent the painful cure .
However , as Nerri could identify the person , he was left to either flee for his life or join the Nebari Resistance .
Nerri chose to join the resistance , but in fear of Chiana 's life , left her to believe he had to run and they separate , with a promise they would be together again .
Life on Moya [ edit | edit source ]
Literally on her own , Chiana continued her life , presumably more desperate than ever , for some time before being arrested by Nebari agent Salis .
Agonizingly tortured for information about a ' resistance ' she knew nothing about , and sentenced to be ' mentally cleansed ' , Chiana was in transit back to Nebari Prime when Moya ( literally ) ran into them .
She and Selto Durka , a mind - cleansed psychopath whose cleansing was unwittingly undone , managed to escape ; one of them murdered Salis ; Chiana ultimately committed herself to help the crew of Moya dispense of Durka .
In truth deeply lonely , Chiana chose to stay with the fugitive crew on Moya .
In spite of an initially cold reception , Chiana chose the crew as family , and came to love them , to the extent of being willing to risk her life for them all on numerous occasions and even prostitute herself for provisions for them all when the others failed to secure any .
She often irked them , but seldom attempted to justify herself ( such as in the murder of Salis ) .
Not out of callousness however : in realizing when they do not really care to understand her .
On Moya , Chiana was quickly attracted to the Human , John Crichton .
She had initially intrigued him ; however , her actions in her desperation to escape alienated him .
He remained wary and keenly mindful of her failings and attitudes .
However , he came to a sincere , if qualified , admiration of her .
He formed a manner of familial view of her , but did n't actively give effective guidance or support .
Chiana admired his good qualities , and overlooked any abuse from him or aloofness on his part with seemingly infinite understanding .
Moreover , Crichton 's heart and attention has remained elsewhere .
Chiana , however , may very well still be receptive to him , should he have a change of heart to her and circumstances change ; this is evident in her offer to " thank " him " the only way [ she ] know [s ] how " before he set out on the dangerous mission to destroy the Gammak base ( 1.22 " Family Ties " )
As Crichton grew to love and eventually chose to marry Aeryn Sun , Chiana was supportive of the couple and the sibling - like aspect of their relationship was focussed upon ( 2.03 " Taking the Stone " ) .
However , Chiana still flirted with Crichton playfully , and during their brief trip into Earth 's past , Chiana actually took the younger John 's virginity while using the alias Karen Shaw .
All the details of this event ( save for " Karen Shaw " and " 4x4 " ) were subsequently wiped from the younger Crichton 's memory ( 4.12 " Kansas " ) .
Chiana once displayed the capability to leap a great distance ( at least 3 meters ) from standing when overjoyed at Crichton 's return from what had been thought to be a suicide mission ( Season 2 , Episode 2 , " Mind The Baby . " )
Whether this ability is available to her at will or only in moments of great emotion is unclear , as is whether it is available to all member of her race .
With the woman Crichton 's heart belongs to , Aeryn Sun , Chiana 's standing was not defined ; despite a life in its way at least as immoral as Chiana 's , that of a former Peacekeeper militant , Chiana often received Aeryn's angst and righteous invectives as well .
Some aspect of it is jealousy as well contempt and self - contempt .
Chiana has on occasion instead turned the verbal sniping to the aim of goading Aeryn in Crichton 's interest , however , and on occasion both showed genuine care for the other .
Eventually , Chiana grew to admire and somewhat envy Aeryn ( 4.06 " Natural Election " ) .
In Chiana 's view , Delvian Pa'u Zotoh Zhaan became a mother figure , after a fashion , if not in Zhaan 's effectiveness .
Chiana had a fierce concern for Zhaan and Zhaan 's feelings towards her .
Zhaan was , alas , too spiritually self - absorbed and aloof before her death to actively contribute much to Chiana .
Ultimately , Chiana deeply loved Zhaan and was willing to risk her life for Zhaan on many occasions ( 2.08 " Dream a Little Dream " , 3.04 " Self - Inflicted Wounds - Wait for the Wheel " ) .
Hynerian Dominar Rygel had seemed the most kindred in his immoral shrewdness , thievery and such ; however , Chiana came to be affectionately distanced by both his behavior and an essential distinction best exemplified in their impulses to thievery : her past experiences and thrill at the ' adventure ' are Chianas ' primary compulsions ; Rygel 's include the more abstract greeds .
Rygel 's officious verbal abuse and nature did n't help .
A genuine if wary friendship was forged nevertheless .
The Luxan , Ka D'Argo , might well have been the most effective positive influence in the very fact his concepts of strict , not necessarily practical honors are in contrast to her context - relevant improvised codes of morality and absence of social consciousness .
Perhaps even to mutual benefit ; she may have gained some moral perspectives she often lacks , and he may have gained a better ability to adapt himself effectively to life .
D'Argo and Chiana eventually became intimately involved , in what may well have been her first intimate relationship not founded on using or being used .
Chiana involved herself in his goal of finding and reuniting with his son .
She went as far as to prostitute herself for information and involve herself in serious danger to help his goal , without regard for herself or the views of her actions by anyone , believing D'Argo would appreciate her motives .
After the apparent recovery of D'Argo 's son , Ka Jothee , however , her relationship with D'Argo self - destructed .
She learned he expected her to live his dreams , as his exclusively devoted wife on a farm .
As D'Argo was proving not to listen to what he did n't wish to hear , she rejected his plans using infidelity with his son .
She apologized for not being able to think and panicking , * but he was , naturally , greatly hurt at his perception of betrayal by those two dearest to him .
He did n't appear to notice any failings on his part .
Evidently , nobody else understood her either .
Chiana and D'Argo 's friendship survived , however .
After over a year , they resumed their relationship .*
With plans to take up farming life together made after she apologized for being wishy - washy , * D'Argo instead died in battle to protect his friends .
He gave her his Qualta Blade , and she in turn gave it to his son Jothee .
Moya and Pilot , as part of the home she has chosen , were more abstract by nature ; nevertheless Chiana came to feel strongly for them and took many serious risks for them .
She saw Moyas ' offspring Talyn as a living being , and was crucial in the dangerous effort of helping in his birth , essentially playing the role of midwife ; her conception of Talyn beyond that is not known , although she deeply mourned Talyn's death . *
Pilot eventually confided in Chiana that himself and Moya wished a representative of the crew to mitigate the conflicting demands upon them , feeling that she was the most considerate of himself and Moya .
The crew then voted for a Captain to represent them to Pilot and Moya .
D'Argo was elected Captain .*
Jool joined the crew for a year , insulting and degrading Chiana at first sight .
Jool assumed the duties of medical care from Zhaan ( who had died at the time Jool arrived ) .
Jool and Chiana continued to repeatedly argue , largely because of Jool 's self - centered and naive attitudes , but gradually their relationship began to sweeten after Chiana saved Jool 's life a few times .
By the time Jool left the crew on the planet Arnessk , they were , if not friends , certainly partners in crime ; Jool was ebullient with joy at seeing Chiana again when they first arrived on Arnessk , and after the two of them kicked some simultaneous Peacekeeper butt , they shared a triumphant finger - drumming together .
However , Chiana was not shown to meet with Jool ( reason unknown ) in the brief time she was at Arnessk during the Peacekeeper wars before Jool died .*
Sikozu joined the crew at about the time Jool left , and while they worked together well once , Sikozu 's attitudes and dubious loyalty largely led to arguments , on the few occasions any interaction occurred .
Chiana at first suspected Sikozu was a spy for an enemy race , the Scarrans , but was overruled by Crichton , who tolerated Sikozu .
Sikozu proved to be a Scarran spy during the Peacekeeper wars , but Chiana 's thoughts of having her suspicions vindicated ( or anyone else 's thoughts for that matter ) were n't portrayed .
Noranti joined the crew for over a year , and was nicknamed " Wrinkles " by Chiana .
Their views of one another were n't portrayed .
Although they appeared to be tolerant and possibly friendly , they appear to have remained aloof but could work very well together ( 4.16 " Bringing Home the Beacon " ) .
Noranti assumed the duties of cooking ( who had done it before was n't shown ) and doctoring ( from Jool ) .
Chiana 's view of Noranti assuming either duty is unknown .*
Her sorest test of will came when the life disc ceased .
The grief of losing Nerri combined with the harrowing traumas of her life and the ( at that time ) all - give life with the crew of Moya to drive her some degrees mad with grief ; her fierce self - identity finally crumbled and she fled to live a hedonistic , fatalistic life with a clan of nihilists .
At the same time , she had the grief of realizing she could not depend on meeting her needs from without - the crew of Moya : Crichton tried playing the role of older brother / father , attempting to " strong - arm " her back to Moya , but could not overcome the wall he raised to her and give anything , as she knew .
Ultimately she faced a test of courage and survived , finding some confidence she could find the will and all she knew she needed in herself .
Once through the center of the ordeal , Chiana chose to accept Crichtons ' sincere intention of friendship and return to life and Moya .
( 2.03 " Taking the Stone " )
After gradually becoming ever more ' at home ' on Moya , Nebari agents again captured her and agonizingly tortured her for knowledge she did not have .
She learned , however , that Nerri lived and was now a leader of the Nebari Resistance !
Again free with the aid of a member of the underground , she desperately wanted to be with Nerri and help the Resistance , but Nerri forbid her or that any help her to , in fear for their mutual safety .
( 2.18 " A Clockwork Nebari " )
Meanwhile , Chiana was possessed by an energy rider , and after it was finally removed from her body , she began experiencing flashes of precognition ( 3.09 " Losing Time " ) .
These flashes grew in frequency and detail to where she could clearly perceive some events hours before they occurred , and could change them before they were finalized .
She had no support and no knowledge or means of knowledge to understand and cope with these extrasensory perceptive abilities ( and no knowledge , understanding or support ever came ) .
The prescience soon evolved to an perceptual ability to effective observe events in slow motion for brief periods .
Use of this ability resulted in temporarily blindness and intense headaches .
The periods of blindness increased in length with each successive use of this ability , leading her to be concerned that she may have lost her eyesight entirely .
Finally , a Diagnosan removed her eyes , and replaced them with eyes from an unknown species , with cat - like slit pupils and off - white irises . *
With these eyes , she lost slow motion perception and blindness * instead gaining the ability to see energy sources , even through walls and shielding .
She apparently thought nothing of any of it but to glibly remark " I got new eyes . " *
( " Peacekeeper Wars : Part 1 " )
After D'Argo 's death , she gave Jothee his father 's Qualta Blade and planned to accept Rygel 's invitation to go to Hyneria .
( " Peacekeeper Wars : Part 2 " )
In order to cope with D'Argo 's passing , Chiana began an aggressive , physical relationship with Jothee , using pleasure to dull her pain , performing so roughly and often that she managed to wear out the half - Luxan .
The return to Rygel 's home system served as a distraction and she accompanied her ship mate to one of Hyneria 's moons to meet with a group of his former subjects allegedly still loyal to him .
This turned out to be a betrayal , however , and the Hynerians attacked and captured Chiana , Rygel , and Jothee .
The more they look at ME , the less they look at YOU .
I...went ... SHOPPING
I think that you should bury Talyn where ever you frelling wanna bury Talyn !!
And I think that the ... that the frelling tralk should ... should get out of our frelling way .
There .
That 's what I think .
bury Talyn !!
And I think that the ... that the frelling tralk should ... should get out of our frelling way .
There .
That 's what I think .
Hey Bobby , what do ya think of SEX ?
I 'M not birthing a narl !
I HATE narls !
I 'm still a narl myself !
Sex does it .
For everyone !
SEX !
For what it 's worth , I 'm glad about the way it turned out ...
* pecks John *
Fweakin ' Insane : A nickname for Chiana by John : Probably an inside joke because fweakin is the name Gigi Edgley uses in chat .
A nickname for Chiana by John : Probably an inside joke because fweakin is the name Gigi Edgley uses in chat .
Pip According to Gigi Edgley , ' Pip ' was originally Ben Browder 's nickname for her .
It eventually became John 's main nickname for Chiana .
According to Gigi Edgley , ' Pip ' was originally Ben Browder 's nickname for her .
It eventually became John 's main nickname for Chiana .
The last episode of the first season , " Family Ties " , marks the first time where Chiana addresses John Crichton by his first name rather than his last .
The only other time this occurs is in the tenth episode of the second season , " My Three Crichtons " , where she used the name to calm a raging primitive version of Crichton .
Chiana is one of nine characters to appear in all four seasons of Farscape as well as The Peacekeeper Wars .
The others are Crichton , Aeryn , D'Argo , Rygel , Pilot , Scorpius , Stark and Braca .
as well as .
The others are Crichton , Aeryn , D'Argo , Rygel , Pilot , Scorpius , Stark and Braca .
In the 200th episode of Stargate SG - 1 , Claudia Black 's character introduced a humorous re-imaging of Farscape with the SG - 1 cast in the leading roles .
Chiana was played by Amanda Tapping ( who starred as Lt. Col. Samantha Carter ) .
, Claudia Black 's character introduced a humorous re-imaging of with the cast in the leading roles .
Chiana was played by Amanda Tapping ( who starred as Lt. Col. Samantha Carter ) .
It took 3.5 hours to get into makeup to play the character .
( citation needed • edit )
Alternate Versions [ edit | edit source ]
Main Article : Jessica
Episode : " Wo n't Get Fooled Again "
While under a Scarran mind probe , Crichton encountered a different image of Chiana .
" Jessica " was the friend of Bettina Fairchild and was labeled by John as an " astronaut groupie . "
Unsurprisingly , she was up for having a good time and as the device gradually made Crichton 's experiences stranger , Jessica adapted with it .
Chiana the Witch [ edit | edit source ]
Episode : " John Quixote "
In a mental video game - like device created with John 's memories , one level was a reversed " Hansel and Gretel " situation where two witches , in the likenesses of Chiana and Jool , were encaged and soon to be eaten by D'Argo as Hansel .
In the game 's twisted reality , the witches wanted to be eaten ; they were in the throes of utmost bliss if they were chosen , and screamed in horrible frustration if they were not .
The first time Crichton entered the room with the real Chiana , he tried to exit the game with the room 's green door .
Unbeknownst to him , Chiana was knocked out and kidnapped by the game 's D'Argo and replaced with the witch .
Believing that the real Chiana was still with him on the real Moya , Crichton was with her for hours before returning to the kitchen with D'Argo , Jool , and Chiana .
It was here that Crichton finally realized he was with the wrong Chiana , which he confirmed by questioning her about Aeryn 's secret .
When she could n't respond , Crichton knocked her out and freed the real Chiana .
Episodes : " Unrealized Reality " , " Prayer "
Chiana / Aeryn existed in one of the unrealized realities Crichton saw while being shown the dangers of wormhole travel by the Ancient " Einstein " .
Aside from looking much like Aeryn , she acted quite a lot like Chiana , including her considerable sex drive .
When Moya came under Peacekeeper attack , an hysterical Chiana was tongued by Rygel / D'Argo after which she went into a seizure and died .
When Crichton returned to this reality with Scorpius , they discovered that Stark / Sikozu had to love the people and his mother he crossed over .
As Chiana / Aeryn was one of these people , Crichton and Scorpius grabbed her .
Crichton , however , was unable to bring himself to execute her , an action Scorpius had no qualms with .
For the second time , Crichton watched as Chiana / Aeryn died .
Episode : " Unrealized Reality "
Noranti / Chiana existed in one of the unrealized realities Crichton saw while being shown the dangers of wormhole travel by the Ancient " Einstein " .
Though she had Chiana 's facial shape , her overall appearance and personality was that of Noranti's .
As Moya came under attack by Peacekeepers , " Noranti " was of little help , offering to negotiate with the Peacekeepers or to bake something and mostly being ignored by all .
It was from her that Crichton learned that he was in love with Zhaan in this particular reality .
In true Noranti fashion , Noranti / Chiana was also armed with a large pouch filled with dust she attempted to blow at Crichton — however , he blew it back into her face instead , which might explain why she greeted the news that Peacekeepers were boarding with a decision to make skrinberry muffins .
Unrealized Heavy Chiana [ edit | edit source ]
Farscape : Gone and Back
Crichton encountered this Chiana after being pulled onto an unrealized version of Moya while visiting the planet Hyneria .
She shared many similarities to his reality 's Chiana , with the major exceptions that she was happily married to D'Argo , was a rather talented cook , and had put on weight in her marital bliss .
The Spanish were quite simply on a different level to plucky England ...
Spain booked a place in the final of the UEFA Under - 19 Championships with a wonderful 3 - 1 win over England , producing football that many senior sides would be proud of .
However , England almost made the dream start in the first two minutes when Delfouneso 's pace was too much for the returning Montoya and he jinked back onto his right side to deliver a cross with pinpoint accuracy .
Ryan Donaldson was presented with an excellent chance but Alex beat the ball away for a corner .
Spain , for their part , quickly realised the importance of maintaining an upbeat tempo and it enabled them to fashion opportunities despite England stationing many players behind the ball .
It was little surprise when Daniel Pacheco gave Spain the lead in the twelfth minute with a thumping close range finish after a brilliant cutback from Sergio Canales .
Crucially , the move began when the Spaniards ' pressing game paid dividends when English skipper Matthew James was robbed of possession .
As imperious as they have been going forward , Spain betrayed their as - yet unexploited defensive vulnerability when Alex rushed out of his goal but was saved by a covering challenge from Montoya on Delfouneso .
And then from the ridiculous to the sublime .
After Alex 's mishap , Spain then showed why they are irresistable to watch Keko played a one - two with Sergio Canales before ghosting inside into the area .
He cleverly used Rodrigo as a decoy runner , as one would see in rugby , before sliding the ball left - footed past a helpless Rudd .
Just as England looked dead and buried , they produced their own moment of magic .
After some excellent harrying of the Spanish defence , substitute John Bostock volleyed the loose ball into the bottom corner to hand his side a lifeline .
England resorted to 4 - 4 - 2 and a more direct game after the break as they tried to exploit the gaps Spain leave at the back .
However Noel Blake 's incessant tactical tinkering could not even hope to mask England 's inferiority .
In a game that never ceased to amaze , Spain astounded one and all for the second successive game .
Perhaps even outdoing Ezequiel Calvente 's outrageous penalty last time out , from a free - kick , Thiago Alcantara dinked the ball over the wall to Canales who peeled off the back of the wall then before poking home for Spain 's third .
The wild celebrations that ensued highlighted the work that had been done on the training ground .
The game was finished as a contest with a mere 56 minutes on the clock .
An array of changes towards the end meant Spain lost their rhythm somewhat but they were never in danger of not clinching a spot in the final that few would begrudge them .
France and Croatia , beware .
Seldom is the first week of the Tour de France as riveting .
Or as dangerous .
But two stages in the normally flat domain of the sprinters produced surprising results and sent a pair of important riders home early .
A rain and oil slicked descent spilled almost half the peloton , with riders hitting the deck hard .
And a rough stage over the cobblestones on a route usually reserved for the rugged Paris - Roubaix spring classic race strung the peloton out and produced time gaps among the favorites not generally seen so early in the race .
Crashes on these stages claimed both American Christian VandeVelde of the Garmin - Transitions team and Luxembourg 's Frank Schleck of Saxo Bank , both of whom abandoned the race after breaking bones .
They had finished last year 's tour in the top ten .
Add to this mayhem the bitter rivalry between Lance Armstrong and Alberto Contador , the buzz around outspoken Mark Cavendish and his quest to repeat last year 's six stage wins , and Cadel Evan 's surge since winning the World Championship last year , and this tour is one for the ages .
( 34 photos total
Facebook has announced that it now has 500 m active users , just six years after it was launched .
The site has become the poster child of social networking on the web .
While some others have seen growth , MySpace , Flickr and Bebo appear to have declined in the past year , according to these figures from Nielsen .
Interesting international variations are seen , both in the amount of time Facebook users spend on the site each month and in the competing networks ' popularity in different countries .
The city of Maywood will lay off all city employees and begin contracting police services with the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department effective July 1 , officials said .
In addition to contracting with the Sheriff 's Department , the Maywood City Council voted unanimously Monday night to lay off an estimated 100 employees and contract with neighboring Bell , which will handle other city services such as finance , records management , parks and recreation , street maintenance and others .
Maywood will be billed about $ 50,833 monthly , which officials said will save $ 164,375 annually .
" We will become 100 % a contracted city , " said Angela Spaccia , Maywood 's interim city manager .
Deputies from the East Los Angeles Sheriff 's Station will begin patrolling the 1.2 - square - mile city by the end of the month , said Capt .
Bruce Fogarty of the Sheriff 's Contract Law Enforcement Bureau .
The annual cost of providing those services for the small city is estimated at $ 3.6 million , Fogarty said .
At a council meeting Monday night , city leaders said they were forced to dismantle the Police Department and lay off city workers because they lost insurance coverage as a result of excessive police claims filed against the department .
They also blamed years of financial abuse and corruption from the previous council .
" We 're limited on our choices and limited on what we can do , " Councilman Felipe Aguirre told the standing - room - only crowd .
Frustrated and enraged residents blame the council for the city 's predicament , and for not following an insurance agency 's recommendations , which council members had agreed to last August .
The recommendations included hiring a permanent city manager .
Some suggested that city leaders should step down .
" You guys had the power to change it and you didn't , " said City Treasurer Lizeth Sandoval , 28 , who addressed the council as a resident .
" You single - handedly destroyed the city . "
Sandoval , a city employee , will be laid off as part of the cuts .
Local activists , who refer to themselves as " A Group for a Better Maywood , " announced their intention to recall four of the council members : Felipe Aguirre , Edward Varela , Vice Mayor Veronica Guardado and Mayor Ana Rosa Rizo .
The same group sought a similar recall in 2008 and failed .
-- Ruben Vives
More coverage : City hires others to run muncipality
Surviving the World A Photocomic Education by Dante Shepherd
Lesson # 698 - Discrimination , Part II
Man , I love finding ways to make fun of hypocrites .
Seriously , if making fun of hypocrites was a sport , I probably would n't medal , and I might never be an All - Star , but I 'd have more than just a cup of coffee in the majors , let me tell you .
After writing an article full of lies , deliberately upsetting the relative of a murder victim , and generally ruining the name of his entire industry , you 'd think the man responsible for the tasteless Grand Theft Auto : Northumbria story would be remorseful .
He was not .
Faux journalist and twat Jerry Lawton is the man responsible for vomiting up a Daily Star article that falsely claimed Rockstar was planning to make a GTA game based on real - life murderer Raoul Moat .
On his Facebook page , the man expressed surprise and contempt for anybody who thought that what he did was reprehensible , making sure to betray his own low opinion of gamers in the process .
" Baffled by the fury of adult gamers , " writes Lawton .
" These are grown ( ?!? ) men who sit around all day playing computer games with one another who 've today chosen to enter the real world just long enough to complain about my story slamming a Raoul Moat version of Grand Theft Auto !
You would think I 'd denied the Holocaust !!!
Think I 'll challenge them to a virtual reality duel .... stab .... I win !!! "
Nice to see that Lawton conveniently left out the bit where he used a poorly doctored image that any idiot could have ascertained was fake , the bit where he used a 69 - year - old grieving grandmother for his own ends , and the bit where he cobbled together a shitty little article full of lies that got taken down because it was a load of crap .
Hilarious that he references the " real world " when his article was based in total fantasy to begin with .
Maybe Lawton 's the one who needs to step away from his computer and face reality .
You are baffled , Lawton , because people in the British shitrag press are rarely held accountable for their irresponsible writing .
This is what it feels like to be exposed as a terrible , sleazy , dreadful , parasitic little man who writes for The Daily Star .
That fact you do n't even have the dignity or class to apologize for being such a disingenuous writer is what should be baffling you , mate .
Stab ... I win !
Was ist ein Registergericht ?
Registergerichte sind in Deutschland jene Amtsgerichte , an denen Register geführt werden .
Gemeint sind diese Register :
Handelsregister / Vereinsregister / Genossenschaftsregister / Partnerschaftsregister / Schiffsregister / Güterrechtsregister
In Deutschland wurden eine Reihe örtlicher Handelsregister und Genossenschaftsregister zusammengelegt , oft an jene Amtsgerichte , die dem Sitz des Landgerichtes am nächsten sind .
Die Vereinsregister wurden in aller Regel bei den bisherigen Amtsgerichten belassen , aber auch hier gibt es Konzentrierungen .
Wie befinden sich diese Register in Berlin ?
In Berlin ist das zentrale Registergericht beim
Amtsgericht Berlin- Charlottenburg
Amtsgerichtsplatz 1 , 14057
Dort befinden sich alle oben aufgeführte Register , mit Ausnahme des Handelsregisters , denn das wird an einer Außenstelle des Amtsgerichtes hier geführt :
AG Berlin- Charlottenburg
Außenstelle Hardenbergstraße 31 , 10623 Berlin
Wie bekommt man einen Registerauszug aus Berlin ?
Man kann sich selbst auf den
Weg machen in die City von Berlin .
Beim Amtsgericht fragt sich dann durch bis zum Einsichtszimmer , zumindest beim Handelsregister , stellt sich dort an , zahlt dann die Gerichsgebühren ein paar Zimmer weiter und dann schließlich kann man den schriftlichen Registerauszug mitnehmen .
Beim Vereinsregister sucht man den zuständigen Sachbearbeiter , die Zuständigkeit leitet sich von der Registernummer ab , bittet um Einsicht in die Registerakte oder die Ausstellung eines Registerauszuges .
So wäre die Vorgehensweise , wenn man es selbst macht .
Nicht zu vergessen die Anforderung per Post .
Meist meldet sich dann das Registergericht aber erst noch wegen der Vorauszahlung der Gebühren .
Das alles dauert natürlich seine Zeit .
Wie geht es am schnellsten ?
Am schnellsten geht es , wenn Sie einen Rechercheservice damit beauftragen , die benötigten Auszüge bzw .
Ausdrucke aus einem der genannten Register einzuholen und online an Sie zu übermitteln .
Dann können
Sie davon ausgehen , dass Sie einen Auszug vom Registergericht Berlin bereits innerhalb von Minuten in Ihrem email - Postfach haben werden , in Abhängigkeit von der Art des Auftrages , denn z.B. beglaubigte Dokumente dauern etwas länger , da diese erst ausgefertigt werden müssen .
Diese liegen daher nicht in elektronischer Form vor .
Wie erfolgt die Beauftragung , muss ich vorab bezahlen ?
Über die nachfolgenden Links können Sie über Andreas Löb .
Recherche ganz schnell einen Registerauszug aus Berlin anfordern .
Gewerbliche Besteller etc. müssen keine Vorauskasse zahlen , die erhalten die Rechnung dann zusammen mit dem Registerauszug .
Hier können
Sie jetzt einen Registerauszug aus Berlin bestellen :
>>> Handelsregisterauszug Berlin
>>> Vereinsregisterauszug Berlin
>>> Genossenschaftsregisterauszug Berlin
>>> Partnerschaftsregisterauszug Berlin
CHEAP labour has built China 's economic miracle .
Its manufacturing workers toil for a small fraction of the cost of their American or German competitors .
At the bottom of the heap , a “ floating population ” of about 130 m migrants work in China 's boomtowns , taking home 1,348 yuan a month on average last year .
That is a mere $ 197 , little more than one - twentieth of the average monthly wage in America .
But it is 17 % more than the year before .
As China 's economy has bounced back , wages have followed suit .
On the coasts , where its exporting factories are clustered , bosses are short of workers , and workers short of patience .
A spate of strikes has thrown a spanner into the workshop of the world .
The hands of China 's workers have been strengthened by a new labour law , introduced in 2008 , and by the more fundamental laws of demand and supply ( see article ) .
Workers are becoming harder to find and to keep .
The country 's villages still contain perhaps 70 m potential migrants .
Other rural folk might be willing to work closer to home in the growing number of factories moving inland .
But the supply of strong backs and nimble fingers is not infinite , even in China .
The number of 15 - to 29 - year - olds will fall sharply from next year .
And although their wages are increasing , their aspirations are rising even faster .
They seem less willing to “ eat bitterness ” , as the Chinese put it , without complaint .
Why the goons were called off
In truth , Chinese workers were never as docile as the popular caricature suggested .
But the recent strikes have been unusual in their frequency ( Guangdong province on China 's south coast suffered at least 36 strikes in the space of 48 days ) , their longevity and their targets : foreign multinationals .
China 's ruling Communist Party has swiftly quashed previous bouts of labour unrest .
This one drew a more relaxed reaction .
Goons from the government - controlled trade union roughed up some Honda strikers , but they were quickly called off .
The strikes were widely , if briefly , covered in the state - supervised press .
And the ringleaders have not so far heard any midnight knocks at the door .
This suggests three things .
First , China is reluctant to get heavy - handed with workers in big - brand firms that attract global media attention .
But , second , China is becoming more relaxed about spooking foreign investors .
Indeed , if workers are upset , better that they blame foreign bosses than local ones .
In the wake of the financial crisis , the party has concluded , correctly , that foreign investors need China more than it needs them .
Third , and most important , the government may believe that the new bolshiness of its workers is in keeping with its professed aim of “ rebalancing ” the economy .
And it would be right .
China 's economy relies too much on investment and too little on consumer spending .
That is mostly because workers get such a small slice of the national cake : 53 % in 2007 , down from 61 % in 1990 ( and compared with about two - thirds in America ) .
Letting wages rise at the expense of profits would allow workers to enjoy more of the fruits of their labour .
Higher Chinese wages would also be good for the West .
This may seem odd , given how much the rich world has come to rely on cheap Chinese labour : by one estimate , trade with China has added $ 1,000 a year to the pockets of every American household , thanks to cheaper goods in the country 's stores , cheaper inputs for its businesses and stiffer competition in its markets .
Just as expanding the global labour force by a quarter through the addition of cheap Chinese workers helped to keep prices down in the West , so higher Chinese wages might start to export inflation .
Furthermore , from the point of view of the global economy , labour is a resource , like land or oil .
It would not normally benefit from the dwindling of China 's reserves of labour any more than from the drying up of Saudi wells .
Tomorrow 's global consumers
But in the wake of the financial crisis , things are different .
Deflation is now a bigger threat than inflation .
And with 47 m workers unemployed in the OECD alone , labour is not holding back the global economy .
What the world lacks is willing customers , not willing workers .
Higher Chinese wages will have a similar effect to the stronger exchange rate that America has been calling for , shrinking China 's trade surplus and boosting its spending .
This will help foreign companies and the workers they have idled .
A 20 % rise in Chinese consumption might well lead to an extra $ 25 billion of American exports .
That could create over 200,000 American jobs .
Eventually , this extra spending will help the world economy return to full employment .
At that point , foreign companies and consumers may miss China 's cheap coastal workers , who kept profits high and prices low .
But there will still be cheap labour to be found inland and in places like India .
And Chinese wages were anyway only half the story .
The other half was Chinese productivity .
Chinese labour costs tripled in the decade after 1995 , but output per worker quintupled .
To repeat that feat , as it runs dry of crude labour , China will have to increase its supply of skilled workers .
That will require a stable workforce , which stays with its employers long enough to be worth investing in .
For that the government will need to relax further its system of internal passports , or hukou , which prevent migrant workers from settling formally in the city without losing their family plot back home .
When labour was abundant , it suited the government to have a floating population that made few demands on urban authorities and drifted back to the family farm whenever hardship beckoned .
But to maintain fast growth as the labour market tightens , China 's floating population will have to drop anchor .
As the late Joan Robinson , a Cambridge economist , once wrote , “ the misery of being exploited by capitalists is nothing compared to the misery of not being exploited at all ” .
Her quip , written in 1962 , was inspired by underemployment in South - East Asia .
Since then , capital has busily “ exploited ” workers in that region and its giant northern neighbour , much to their benefit .
Now it is time for capital to invest in them .
Published online 21 July 2010 | Nature 466 , 422 ( 2010 ) | doi:10.1038/466422a
News
Congressional watchdog unearths shortcomings at agency in charge of repatriating ancient tribal remains .
Scientists and Native American tribes have clashed over the fate of skeletons .
K. FLEMING / CORBIS
To scientists , ancient human bones and artefacts from Native American burial sites can offer a unique window onto history .
But to some modern Native American tribes , allowing researchers to study these remains amounts to desecration .
Long - standing tensions between the two groups were meant to be eased by the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act ( NAGPRA ) of 1990 , which allows tribes to reclaim many remains held in museum collections .
But the first official audit of the government agency that administers NAGPRA portrays a troubled organization that has failed to serve tribes well , and does not always give a fair hearing to scientists ' claims .
The final report , from the US Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) , is expected by autumn , but Nature has obtained a draft that is currently under review .
Both the GAO and the NAGPRA office in Washington DC declined to comment on the draft .
The act created a system in which museums , universities or federal agencies that hold ancient skeletal remains and associated funerary objects had to file inventories of such items by 1995 with the NAGPRA office , part of the US Department of the Interior .
Any tribe could reclaim items that were shown to be culturally affiliated with it , while the remainder could be kept by institutions for further study .
The GAO report says that under the NAGPRA , 142,186 specimens have been repatriated from 209,626 publicly disclosed items .
These constitute 55 % of the human remains and 69 % of the associated funerary objects that were inventoried .
But determinations of cultural affiliation often prove to be ambiguous and contentious , as in the Kennewick man dispute , in which the US courts ruled in 2004 that scientists could retain a 9,000 - year - old skeleton from Washington state .
In May this year , tensions ratcheted up when the Department of the Interior unveiled a federal rule that could allow tribes to claim thousands more artefacts — with no cultural connection — if they had been found near tribal lands ( see Nature 464 , 662 ; 2010 ) .
Some scientists are already considering legal challenges to prevent these repatriations .
Yet as NAGPRA administrators struggle to manage these disputes , the GAO report finds that the NAGPRA office — which has an annual budget of US $ 1 million — is beset by problems including inadequate resources and poor record - keeping .
These can delay repatriations and make it harder to reach decisions on contentious cases .
" We have heard for years the NAGPRA office statistics were often wrong , but it is like pulling teeth to get them corrected , " says Vincas Steponaitis , an archaeologist at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill , who in 2004 –08 served on the NAGPRA review committee that oversees repatriations and adjudicates on ownership disputes .
The report also suggests that the NAGPRA office has manipulated the make - up of the seven - person committee , weakening scientists ' voices in its decisions .
The committee comprises three tribal members , three representatives of scientific organizations and an independent member agreed on by the others .
Nominations for candidates are sent to the NAGPRA office , which makes a recommendation to the secretary of the interior department .
“ The GAO findings are examples of everything I 've heard about for a decade . ”
But the GAO audit says that the NAGPRA office inadequately screened these nominees , and passed over nominations for scientific representatives in favour of its own candidates .
It also says that the office used " questionable efforts to recruit members " of its own liking , including selecting a candidate six months after the nomination deadline and resurrecting a seven - year - old nomination to fill one of the science seats .
" It was clear NAGPRA staff wanted to prevent strong advocates for science as professional organization representatives , " says archaeologist Lynne Goldstein , of Michigan State University in East Lansing , who helped create the act .
The report notes that NAGPRA officials defended such practices , saying that one official " believed that the Review Committee had become too weighted toward the interests of the museum and scientific communities . "
The NAGPRA office did not respond to questions from Nature on the matter .
' Crazy and wrong '
The audit also assessed how well eight federal agencies complied with the act .
It found that three — the US Army Corps of Engineers , the US Forest Service and the US National Park Service — were highly compliant .
But there was less confidence in the remaining agencies , including the US Fish and Wildlife Service and the Tennessee Valley Authority , which operates hydroelectric power plants built in the 1930s , when about 8,400 ancient remains were unearthed .
The report says that the authority failed to publish notices to alert tribes to 337 " culturally affiliated human remains " that could have been repatriated .
But the authority denies the charge , and has provided Nature with documents indicating that cultural affiliation was not confirmed , and that notices were sent to five tribes , who did not respond .
ADVERTISEMENT
A table in the report states that the Fish and Wildlife Service did not notify tribes about 100 culturally affiliated skeletons that were uncovered in Louisiana in the 1930s when the Natchitoches National Fish Hatchery was built .
But wildlife - service researchers and tribe representatives say that these skeletons were not removed from the site .
The GAO report 's suggestion otherwise is " crazy ; it 's wrong " , says Bobby Gonzalez , NAGPRA officer for the Caddo Nation , now of Binger , Oklahoma .
Archaeologists add that such mistakes are indicative of the NAGPRA office 's poor record - keeping .
" The GAO findings are examples of everything I 've heard about for a decade , " says Goldstein .
She and others say that they hope the report will lead to a shake - up at the NAGPRA office to ensure that rules on Native American artefacts are followed properly .
15 July 2010 http://www.guardian.co.uk/media/2010/jul/14/julian-assange-whistleblower-wikileaks
Julian Assange : " I have many other ideas , and as soon as WikiLeaks is strong enough to flourish without me I 'll go on with these other ideas .
It is strong enough to survive quite well without me now , but I do n't know that it would flourish . "
http://cryptome.org/wikileaks/wikileaks-leak.htm
Date : Sun , 7 Jan 2007 18:46:09 + 1100
[ This is a restricted internal development mailinglist for w - i - k - i - l - e - a - k - s -.- o- r - g .
Please do not mention that word directly in these discussions ; refer instead to ' WL ' .
This list is housed at riseup.net , an activist collective in Seattle with an established lawyer and plenty of backbone . ]
Some people may be wondering about the unusual names on this list .
There are xxxxxxxxxxxxx people on this list .
Everyone is personally known and trusted by , or is , the founding group .
How much will YOU pledge to WL ( in matched pledging or otherwise ) for its next six months of activities ?
We can succeed at a slower / scale limited way with under $ 50,000 / year & volunteers , but it is our goal to raise pledges of $ 5 m by July .
Smaller pledges can be used in ways that will generate larger ones , so there 's an amplification on any early contribution .
Wikileaks Advisory Board http://wikileaks.org/wiki/WikiLeaks:Advisory_Board 13 July 2010 Wikileaks Hype and Harsh Criticism ( German ) http://208.64.123.254/~infokrie/wordpress/?p=498 __________
" Asked about Wikileaks  funding , he [ Assange ] said the site has so far raised $ 1 million dollars in donations . "
http://preview.tinyurl.com/2azdzy4 __________ Foundation Sheds Light on Wikileaks Expenses http://www.techeye.net/internet/wau-holland-foundation-sheds-light-on-wikileaks-donations#ixzz0taJFKGWl
Germany 's Wau Holland Foundation has told newspaper Der Freitag Wikileaks receives no money for personnel costs , only for hardware , travelling and bandwidth .
Hendrik Fulda , the foundation 's second chairman , says around 30.000 euros have been handed out after receiving signed receipts .
According to Fulda , most of the money has been mainly used to restore Wikileaks and keep the site up and running .
The website had to be taken down last year as donations did not cover costs .
12 July 2010 .
Responses by Wikileaks on Twitter and to journalists have not constructively answered this message , instead have attempted to dismiss it by juvenilia and with yet another promise to someday restore Wikileaks to public service commensurate with that of its courageous contributors .
11 July 2010 .
Add ISNIC and Robtex data on Wikileaks .is and comments .
10 July 2010 Wikileaks Insider Messages : http://cryptome.org/0001/wikileaks-mess.htm
A sends via PGPboard , 10 July 2010 : WIKILEAKS WEBSITE TO BE ABANDONED
Within the last few hours we have learned that WIKILEAKS ( Assange ) will commit no more time and effort into restoring our website http://www.wikileaks.org .
The website has been effectively down in terms of document submissions for many weeks , and as we speak there is no way for the general public or potential whistleblowers to upload documents to the site .
We have been told that WIKILEAKS will be launching a completely new site hosted in Iceland .
However , Assange would not provide any time lines , or any indication of user options and facilities .
During the exchange , Assange also confirmed that no legal team had been provided to Manning , and no one from WIKILEAKS had met Manning during his detention in Kuwait .
This was completely at odds with recent WIKILEAKS emails requesting $ 50,000 in donor funding for a legal team to fly to Kuwait .
Wikileaks Insider Authentication Code omitted .
Added by Cryptome : http://www.101order.com/local-cgi-bin/HostingCart3/zaygo.cgi?action=raw&domain=wikileaks.is %
This is the ISNIC Whois server .
% % Rights restricted by copyright .
% See http://www.isnic.is/copyright.php domain : wikileaks .is descr : Antoine Croes descr : Strijdbijl 11 descr : NL - 6641HP
Beuningen admin-c : AC8 - IS tech-c : AC8 - IS zone-c : AC8 - IS billing -c : AC8 - IS nserver : ns1.intzix.net nserver : ns2.intzix.net nserver : ns3.intzix.net nserver : ns4.intzix.net created : July 7 2010 expires : July 7 2011 source : ISNIC person : Antoine Croes address : Strijdbijl 11 address : NL - 6641HP
Beuningen phone : +31 641 390813 e-mail : hostmaster@intzix.net nic-hdl : AC8 - IS created : July 12 2008 source : ISNIC http://www.robtex.com/dns/wikileaks.is.html
Summary wikileaks .is
Wikileaks .is is a domain controlled by four name servers at intzix .
net .
All four of them are on different IP networks .
The primary name server is ns1.intzix.net .
Incoming mail for wikileaks .is is handled by two mail servers also at intzix .
net .
Both are on different IP networks .
Wikileaks .is has one IP number , but the reverse is host -88-80-2-32.cust.prq.se .
Wikileaks.org , www.wikileaks.org, www.wikileaks.com, sunshinepress.org , blog.wikileaks.org and at least three other hosts point to the same IP .
Ip6.is , ipv6.is , intzix.eu , intzix.at , intzix.tk and at least 18 other hosts share both name servers and mail servers with this domain .
Live.vu , live .mp , live.tl , buddy.vu , intzix .de and at least 21 other hosts share name servers with this domain .
Kw1c.net , kw1c.org , usenet .is , intzix.es , intzix .me and at least 34 other hosts share mail servers with this domain .
More information Wikileaks .is is hosted on a server in Sweden even though the hostname implies Iceland .
Cryptome :
It would be a mistake to presume that Wikileaks is dormant or heading that way , that is wishful thinking of its opponents .
All status - challenging initiatives go through difficulties as their influence grows along with demands for continued and improved service -- indicators of success .
Similar existing and new initiatives should offer Wikileaks assistance as Wikileaks has done for them to assure that Wikileaks and others are mutually supported and sustained .
During the time when Wikileaks is not able to accept secure submissions and is reconfiguring its site , Cryptome offers , and encourages other sites , to accept , archive and deliver secured submissions for Wikileaks , secured for delivery to Wikileaks by : 1 . First encryption of the submission to the source .
2 . Second encryption to Wikileaks of the encrypted submission .
Wikileaks keys ( Wikileaks Talk on PGP Keys , downloaded 4 July 2010 , now apparently removed . )
3 . Third encryption to the archiving site of the twice - encrypted submssion .
4 . Transmit to the archiving site by anonymizing means .
6 . Notification of the submission by the source to a trusted third party .
7 . Other security devised by the source .
Cryptome Public Key and contact : http://cryptome.org/other-stuff.htm
PGPBoard sends 11 July 2010 : Wikileaks appears to be under the cosh at the moment .
In line with John Young 's initiative PGPBOARD will also gladly forward and deliver traffic to WIKILEAKS for as long as required .
Just go to http://tech.groups.yahoo.com/group/pgpboard/ and follow the forwarding instruction .
Or contact us for help .
Just remember , we ONLY accept PGP / Gnupg encrypted traffic .
An Open Letter to Wikileaks Insiders , 11 July 2010 http://cryptome.org/0001/wikileaks-zero.htm
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 19/7/2010 ( 3726 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
Mike Keane and the Manitoba Moose have elected to part ways and the player , most recently captain of the Moose for the past five years and a three - time Stanley Cup champion , will officially announce his retirement sometime down the road .
Neither the club nor Keane had any comment Monday , but the Free Press has learned the player will not be back with the Moose for a sixth season .
WINNIPEG FREE PRESS
Mike Keane , a three - time Stanley Cup winner , is calling it a career .
Keane won three Stanley Cups with three different teams during the NHL portion of his career before returning home to skate with the Moose for five years .
Image Credit : Discovery Channel ; Ferguson : Frederick M. Brown / Getty ImagesCraig Ferguson ’s love affair with the Discovery Channel goes beyond MythBusters .
The Late Late Show host confirmed last night that he ’ll be the host of Discovery ’s 23rd Annual Shark Week , which kicks off August 1 .
“ Slightly incontinent with excitement , ” Ferguson wrote on Twitter yesterday , teasing the “ big news ” that would be revealed on - air last night ( by Brian the shark puppet ) .
Watch it below .
Post - show , Ferguson added , “ Watched Jaws on cable .
Mistake .
Hosting Shark
Week now seems foolhardy .
Sharks unaffected by sarcasm & self loathing .
My only weapons . ”
We ’ve known for years that Shark Week is Ferguson ’s “ favorite holiday . ”
The sharks may be immune to his charms , but viewers will eat it up .
Just imagine all the brilliant things that will come out of his mouth as he prepares to dive with Caribbean reef sharks in the Bahamas .
( Discovery tells us he ’ll shoot in a few weeks . )
While we await more details on what Ferguson ’s hosting duties will entail , we ’re sort of hoping they involve Brian ( voiced by Ferguson ) doing promos introducing the nightly specials .
I suspect he ’d have fun with Ultimate Air Jaws ( Aug. 1 , 9 p.m. ET ) , in which producer Jeff Kurr returns to South Africa to investigate great white aerial attacks like the ones he captured in the 2000 special Air Jaws ( still the fifth most - watched Shark Week special of all - time ) .
“ Using the very latest in technology , including an HD camera that shoots in super slow motion — 2,000 frames per second , or 20 to 30 times slower than ‘ typical ’ slow motion footage — Kurr and shark expert Chris Fallows slow down the footage of a breaching shark from one second in real time to almost a full minute , ” a press release says .
“ The unparalleled resolution provides so much detail that you can literally count every tooth in the shark ’s mouth .
Fallows and Kurr also employ a submarine and remotely operated helicopter to capture this incredible footage . ”
Awe - some .
Ready to fight back ?
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back !
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today .
Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
Elizabeth Warren should be the top contender to head the new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau .
After all , it was her brainchild , her baby .
Ad Policy
But instead of celebrating the leadership and creativity of Harvard law professor and Congressional Oversight Panel chair Elizabeth Warren , reports are that she faces opposition from the bankers ’
BFF , Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner .
Also , Senator Chris Dodd , chairman of the Banking , Housing and Urban Affairs Committee , kicked off the whispering campaign about her appointment with his question , " Is she confirmable ? "
It ’s no mystery why the corporate / big business crowd opposes her .
The effectiveness of the financial reform bill depends entirely on the regulators — it cedes them new power , but it does n’t mandate systemic change .
So the bankers and lobbyists want to diminish regulation as much as they can , which means opposing a determined and smart Warren .
Rather than sabotaging Warren ’s prospects , Dodd and the administration , especially President Obama , should be touting the fact that Warren has been one of the leading activists and thinkers about what the bureau could get done , and that her stewardship led to it being one of the things we can celebrate in the final bill .
In her folksy , plainspoken way , Warren — who hails from Oklahoma and is a former Methodist Sunday school teacher — has articulated how the agency could help ordinary people , providing a small amount of power in a system that ’s weighted against them .
She has such an honest , fair , decent and clear way of talking about what government can do to serve the common good .
" Dang gummit , somebody has got to stand up on behalf of middle - class families ! " she told the New York Times .
She elaborated on this theme on the Daily Show .
" This is America ’s middle class .
We ’ve hacked at it and pulled at it and chipped at it for thirty years now , and now there ’s no more to do .
We fix this problem going forward , or the game really is over . "
When the Consumer Protection proposal came under attack in the Senate — and Dodd was watering it down in order to cut deals with Republicans who probably were n’t going to support it anyway — Warren continued to fight hard for it .
She wrote about it , she talked about it .
She even approached Ron Howard and got him to shoot this hilarious video plugging it as key to any financial reform bill with teeth .
Today , Senator Bernie Sanders welcomed any opposition to a Warren nomination .
" Good ! " he wrote .
" It will allow for a serious debate as to the role that government should play in protecting the American people against the outrageous behavior we have seen on Wall Street . "
This agency will rise or fall on how visible it is .
Warren would use the bully pulpit in a way that will once again make government seem like it ’s in the business of improving the condition of people ’s lives .
In India a few years ago , a 30 - year - old farmer was admitted to a hospital in the city of Lucknow , and over the next few days developed paralysis that prevented him from being able to breathe on his own .
The kind of mechanical ventilator that would be used in most major medical facilities to keep him alive was n’t available , but the hospital did have a bag - valve mask — a small , inexpensive plastic medical hand pump that could be used to force air carefully into the patient ’s lungs .
The farmer ’s mother and brother took turns , squeezing the device 15 times a minute nonstop for 18 full days and nights , which kept him alive until a mechanical ventilator became available .
Thirty days after being admitted to the hospital , the patient recovered enough to be weaned off the ventilator , and two weeks later he was sent home .
This is thought to be a record for the length of time a person has been kept alive by manually operated ventilation , and it underscores the need for simple , inexpensive , widely available equipment that could do the job without requiring such extraordinary and heroic efforts .
Now a team of students from MIT has devised a better way to keep patients breathing in places that lack standard mechanical ventilators , or during times of emergency such as pandemics or natural disasters , when normal hospital resources may be overextended .
They have designed a system that uses the same widely available manual pump — the same type used for the farmer in India .
The new system encases the pump in a plastic box with a battery , motor and controls to take the place of the manual compression process .
There is a substantial need for such devices in many developing nations , especially in rural areas that have no access to existing ventilator technology .
Dr. Jussi Saukkonen of Boston University Medical Center , who originally proposed the concept of the low - cost ventilator and worked with the MIT team , says that “ it ’s likely there would be millions of cases worldwide ” that could benefit from such a device .
In addition , a U.S. government study in 2005 found that in a worst - case pandemic scenario , this country alone might need more than 700,000 mechanical ventilators , while only 100,000 are now in use .
The kind of ventilators used in modern hospitals can cost up to $ 30,000 , but the newly developed device can be produced for about $ 100 , says Abdul Mohsen Al Husseini , a graduate student in mechanical engineering and one of the students who developed the system .
While there are some situations where it ca n’t perform all the same functions as the more expensive versions , for 98 percent of cases , this simple inexpensive device could do the job , he says .
“ These manual devices are available everywhere , ” Al Husseini says .
“ Our approach is to adapt them , since they ’re already there . ”
Simple system
The simple system has a curved plastic cam that compresses the device and then releases .
It has just three control knobs ; these adjust the total volume of air delivered in each breath , the number of breaths per minute , and the ratio of time between inhaling and exhaling .
Al Husseini explains that the mechanical system could not only eliminate the need for a person to operate the device manually in an emergency — it could also be safer .
“ There ’s a danger , with manual ventilation , of overpressurizing ” the patient ’s lungs , which can cause serious damage , he says .
The new system includes a gauge that stops the flow before the pressure gets too high .
The idea began as a class project in an MIT mechanical engineering course called Precision Machine Design , in which doctors from Boston - area hospitals present problems awaiting solutions , and the students choose which ones to address .
A first prototype was developed in that class , and some of the students refined the design and produced a second prototype in a follow - up class , Development of Mechanical Products .
They filed for a patent and presented a paper on the system to the Design of Medical Devices Conference in April of this year .
Now some of the students are preparing to do further testing and develop the idea so it can be licensed for manufacturing .
One of the students , Amelia Servi , traveled to Nicaragua this summer to analyze the need for such a device and how to bring it to market as a real product , as part of her thesis research for her master ’s degree .
Dr. Augustine Choi , chief of pulmonary and critical care medicine at Brigham and Women 's Hospital , who was not involved in this project , says there is an “ unmet medical need ” for a low - cost ventilator , and if one becomes available “ it will have impact throughout the world , especially in parts of the world where regular ventilators are not available . ”
He adds that a number of low - cost ventilators with different mechanisms have been proposed , so a key issue is to prove the reproducibility and quality assurance of this system .
The development of the device was supported in part by the Center for Integration of Medicine and Innovative Technology ( which receives some funding from the U.S. Department of Defense ) .
The work in Nicaragua is supported by MIT ’s Public Service Center .
In The World is a column that explores the ways members of the MIT community are developing technology — from the appropriately simple to the cutting edge — to help meet the needs of communities around the planet , especially those in the developing world .
If you have suggestions for future columns , please e-mail newsoffice@mit.edu .
United Nations ( CNN ) -- Britain's Queen Elizabeth II on Tuesday addressed the United Nations for the first time in more than 50 years , saying she has " witnessed great change , much of it for the better " since her previous speech there in 1957 .
Later Tuesday , the queen visited ground zero to lay a floral wreath at the site of the September 11 , 2001 , terror attack .
In a separate event in New York , she cut the ribbon to officially open the Garden of Remembrance for British citizens killed in the attack .
The seven - minute speech to the U.N. General Assembly touched on her first visit decades earlier , when she was a young monarch and the United Nations itself was a young organization .
" When I was first here , there were just three United Nations operations overseas , " the queen noted .
" Now over 120,000 men and women are deployed in 26 missions across the world . "
She spoke of the importance of leadership and how critical the role of the United Nations continues to be in upholding human rights in the 21st century .
" You have helped to reduce conflict , you have offered humanitarian assistance to millions of people , " she said , adding that the United Nations has been " deeply committed to tackling the effects of poverty in many parts of the world . "
Despite such efforts , she said , " so much remains to be done , " citing the struggle against terrorism and the response to climate change .
The queen called for special attention to the " risks facing smaller , more vulnerable nations , " many of which belong to the 54 - member Commonwealth of Nations that she heads .
" I know of no single formula for success , " she said .
" But over the years I have observed that some attributes of leadership are universal and are often about finding ways of encouraging people to combine their efforts , their talents , their insights , their enthusiasm and their inspiration to work together . "
The United Nations " has helped to shape the international response to global dangers , " she said , adding that the challenge is to continue to show such leadership without losing sight of " your ongoing work to secure the security , prosperity and dignity of our fellow human beings . "
" It is my hope that when judged by future generations , our sincerity , our willingness to take a lead , and our determination to do the right thing will stand the test of time , " she said .
However , she added , her speech was not " to reminisce " but instead to focus on the hard work required ahead " if we are truly to be united nations . "
In welcoming the queen , U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon called her " an anchor for our age , " noting that her reign spanned decades " from the challenges of the Cold War to the threat of global warming , " from " the Beatles to Beckham " and from " the television to Twitter . "
" You have become a leading symbol of grace , constancy and dignity , " Ban said .
The queen 's U.N. speech , which followed a trip to Canada with her husband , the Duke of Edinburgh , was in her capacity as head of state of 16 U.N. member states -- the United Kingdom , Antigua and Barbuda , Australia , the Bahamas , Barbados , Belize , Canada , Grenada , Jamaica , New Zealand , Papua New Guinea , Saint Kitts and Nevis , Saint Lucia , Saint Vincent and the Grenadines , the Solomon Islands and Tuvalu .
CNN 's Gabriella Casanas , Katya Lebedev and Richard Roth contributed to this report
In the midst of the Internet excitement over the meme “ I Write Like , ” ( does it really work ?
What ’s the algorithm ?
Why does everyone end up writing like Stephen King ? ) , the literary blog “ The Valve ” pointed to a another fun combination of computers and literature .
For his “ Auto Summarize ” project , the graphic designer Jason Huff took the one hundred most downloaded copyright - free books and reduced them each by ten sentences with Microsoft Word 2008 ’s AutoSummarize function .
The result is absurd and also quite funny .
I had never used the auto - summarize function before , and I was surprised at how strangely astute some of its readings were .
Take this abbreviated history of coffee :
Is there really anything else ?
The past year or so has brought a few technological reworkings of great books .
Sarah Schmelling transposed classics into Facebook pages ( her " Hamlet " newsfeed can be read here ) .
Emmett Rensin and Alexander Aciman , both students at the University of Chicago , did the same with Twitter .
For me , the humor in this kind of retelling always comes from hearing a recognizable tale in a modern , clipped voice .
I like how Hamlet becomes “ a fan of daggers ” on Facebook and takes the time to tweet “ Uncle just confessed to Dad ’s murder . ”
The projects always come with an ominous undertone , though .
Is this how the students of the future will read Shakespeare ?
So it seems like a natural extension of the idea to rework the classics so that they are not just mediated by technology but completely transformed by it .
I wonder what the next step is .
Hamlet : the iPad app ?
Books consumable by implanting a computer chip ?
A league source tells us that the Tennessee Titans and running back Chris Johnson have agreed to terms on a new contract that solves the financial problems between team and player .
At least for 2010 .
As expected , the arrangement will pay Johnson more money this year , with no additional years being added to the contract .
Johnson currently is signed through 2012 .
The new deal has not yet been signed , so we suppose it could fall through .
But at this point it ’s unlikely .
Specifics are n’t yet known .
It had been reported that the Titans would likely accelerate some escalators money Johnson unlocked for future years as a way to bump up his $ 550,000 base salary for 2010 .
Johnson , the 2009 AP offensive player of the year , had said that he ca n’t play for only $ 550,000 .
Now , he wo n’t have to .
What 's pale white , has multiple heads and costs $ 450 a pound ?
In Japan , the rare hon-shimeji mushroom .
Now , Swedish researchers have found it growing wild in the country 's northern forests .
" There will undoubtedly be a lot of interest in Sweden , and definitely in Japan once these discoveries become known there , " Henrik Sundberg , a student at the Department of Plant and Environmental Sciences at the University of Gothenburg , said in a release .
A paper on the discovery is to be published in the Swedish journal Svensk Mykologisk Tidskrift , or the Swedish Mycological Journal .
There are multiple species of mushrooms in the Lyophyllum family .
One of the rarest and most sought after in Japan is Lyophyllum shimeji , called " hon- shimeji " or " true shimeji " .
It was previously believed that this fungus , with its distinctive multiple stalks , only in Asia .
But in 2008 , a Japanese mycologist named Etsuko Harada visiting Sweden found a fungus similar to hon-shimeji in a pine heath in northern Sweden outside Skellefteå .
Sundberg and colleagues were able to confirm that the northern Swedish fungus was identical to the prized Japanese mushroom .
Mushroom picking is a beloved activity in Sweden , but the connection between its prized mushrooms and those in Japan was n't known until a decade ago , when researchers showed that the Swedish Tricholoma nauseosum was identical to the Japanese species Tricholoma matsutake .
Since then , Japanese mushroom traders have combed Sweden 's northern forests to find the Swedish matsutake .
The mushroom has now been found in both northern and central Sweden .
Finds in Norway and Finland make it seem likely it will be found throughout the taiga belt of boreal forest all the way from Scandinavia to China and Japan , Sundberg says .
By Elizabeth Weise
A man was shot and killed early today after leaving a trendy SoHo nightclub , and law enforcement officials confirmed to NBCNewYork that the victim was an EMT accused of ignoring a pregnant woman as she lay dying in a Brooklyn restaurant last December .
Jason Green , 32 , of Long Island City was shot on Varrick Street around 5 a.m. and pronounced dead a short time later , police said .
Sources say Green and a friend tried unsuccessfully to get into the nightclub Greenhouse and about a block away got into a dispute with someone in a car .
That 's when Green was shot , sources said .
There is no word yet on suspects but police do n't think his shooting was connected to the incident last year .
Green and fellow FDNY EMT Melissa Jackson , 32 , of Queens Village , sparked furor last year when it was revealed that the pair did not stop to help Eutisha Rennix after she collapsed at an Au Bon Pain restaurant .
Both Rennix and her unborn baby later died .
Green and Jackson , who were on a coffee break when the tragedy occurred , were suspended without pay for 30 days over the incident .
The Brooklyn DA 's office has opened a criminal probe .
Authorities and witnesses alleged that the two FDNY workers continued to order breakfast instead of helping Rennix , who was six months pregnant when she collapsed .
Witnesses said the EMTs told workers at the cafe to call 911 and then left when they were asked to help the 25 - year - old woman .
Both Green , a six year veteran of the FDNY , and Jackson , maintained they were unfairly villainized after the incident .
Rennix 's mother , Cynthia , called the EMTs ' behavior " inhuman . "
Union officials have said the two could have done more but point out the pair was working as dispatchers at fire department headquarters at the time .
City officials said Jackson did call 911 before she left the store with her breakfast .
Mayor Bloomberg called the EMTs actions " unconscionable . "
When asked if " burnout " might have been a factor , the Mayor said , " Burnout ?
They were sitting there having coffee .
How could they be burnt out ?
They 're human beings .
Somebody is dying down the street and ( people ) say help them and they just sat there . "
Rennix , who suffered from asthma , left behind a 3 - year - old son .
Follow us on Twitter @NBCNewYork , and on Facebook / NBCNewYork , and sign up for breaking news SMS alerts on your phone by texting “ NYBREAKING ” to 639710 .
NEW !
UPDATE ! PLEASE READ ON !
The tremendous popularity of this article with more than half a million (! ) clicks in one month inspired me to contact the artist Michael Wesely himself .
I felt there were questions by readers which I could n't answer correctly without talking to Michael .
And I also wanted to tell him how much his worked was loved and how many people saw it as an inspiration for their own works and lives .
From the many comments I learned , that many of you were astonished by the beauty of the images but also by the technical aspects of their making .
The fact that the light fell for up to 3 years onto the same negative strip without over - exposing seemed just too unbelievable .
But Michael confirmed that he indeed created continuous , uninterrupted exposures over those long periods of time .
This can be seen through the long light lines in the sky , which were created by the movement of the sun across the sky during those many months .
Michael Wesely , Palast der Republik , Berlin ( 28.6.2006 - 19.12.2008 ) , © Michael Wesely ,
Michael wanted to highlight that he also sees those lines as an indicator for something else .
He told me that " the lines in the sky put our existence , us , our planet into context with the Dance of the Universe , which coexists on an entirely different time scale [ from us ] . "
His works were truly a hard and long labour of love .
The so called reciprocity failure or Schwarzschild effect means one can't simply pre-calculate extreme long exposures .
It took Michael months and months of experimenting to make sure the negatives were n't going to be over - exposed .
He said , if you 'd planned to expose for a year you would have to do an exposure of 6 months , and 3 months beforehand and so on .
You would have to collect a lot of data and find solutions for a lot of detail problems .
Michael started with pin-hole cameras ( 1988 - 1994 ) but then moved on to use large format cameras ( 4x5 inches ) as these would provide images with a much higher amount of details .
And this is what he was after - details .
The technical challenge was never his main driving force .
His goal was to capture information that told about our daily lives : the forgetting , remembering , regenerating and the transitions - a general focus point of Michael 's works .
© Michael Wesely
As you can tell from the images certain details are hardly visible and only become ' alive ' when you get close and spend some time discovering them - something that is only really possible when the images are exhibited as large prints in a gallery .
I really loved what Michael pointed out about the creation of the images .
During the long exposure times the pictures constantly destroyed themselves , by putting layers and layers of new details on top each other .
Just when one detail had burned into the negative it was erased or overshadowed by another detail .
In his eyes this constant change and destruction is something that really stands for the state of our society .
" The moment is fading , all that remaines is the permanent overlapping of movements of all kinds , political or personal .
The technologies of our times fuel this fire of restless ' Online - Existence ' .
One day computers wo n't have an on- or off - button anymore .
We will always be online . "
I agree with Michael .
We live in a world of constant transition - where even buildings are not constructed to last forever but to be easily destructable when not needed anymore .
Or where consumer products are desgined to destroy themselves after 2 years so you have to buy a new one .
I have even seen a whole country - the country I was born in - East Germany ( German Democratic Republic ) - vanish in a blink of an eye .
All it stood for , all that a whole generation loved or hated was gone within one year .
It shows that the only thing constant in our times seems to be : Change .
Which I think - can be seen as a bad thing - when one misses a save haven where one can anchor his or her heart and soul in stormy times .
Or when mankind does n't take the time needed to learn from the now to avoid mistakes in the future .
But there is also something great about this constant change and transition .
It seems to follow something deeply universal - something so powerful that nobody can stop it .
Something that makes life so interesting and unpredictable - and very often worth living .
When looking at Michael 's work I can find all these elements frozen into images that will never seize to amaze me .
If you are interested in his works then check out his new book TIME WORKS which was just published by Schirmer / Mosel Verlag .
It is an eclectic mix of Michael 's creations from 1992 until now .
Sorry , you do n't have enough rights to continue .
Perhaps you forgot to login ?
When my students give presentations , I video them so the students can see what they looked and sounded like .
Now I can annotate those videos and strengthen feedback for them .
I ’ve created a short pdf showing how it works – VideoANT – For Annotating Videos but their video tour with my annotations might be more interesting – http://ant.umn.edu/vav.php?pid=61248292762500
I tried it myself on a previously posted video of mine with this result – http://ant.umn.edu/vav.php?pid=61248384270855
I ’m looking forward to using it this fall .
Arizona Republican Sen. John McCain 's lack of support for the DISCLOSE
Act signals just what kind of trouble the bill may be in .
Rocky road for campaign finance
A sweeping overhaul of the campaign finance system seems destined to stall in the Senate – adding to tensions with House Democrats who have grown tired of taking politically risky votes only to see their proposals die on the Senate steps .
The DISCLOSE Act , crafted in response to a landmark Supreme Court case lifting corporate campaign contribution restrictions , could end up in the pile of dozens of bills — including a cap and trade proposal , domestic funding bills and a tax extenders package – that ended up in purgatory after Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) forced vulnerable members to take politically risky votes .
Advertisement
“ Another bill , another fight with the Senate , ” said one exasperated House Democratic aide .
“ Most of the frustration is directed at Senate Republicans who have absolutely no desire to work to get anything done , so hunting for one or two Senate GOP votes is a painful fact of legislative life . ”
What ’s particularly galling to House Democrats is that the party is unified on the subject of campaign finance legislation , yet the Senate ca n’t seem to line up the votes .
But the House bill now has exemptions for the National Rifle Association , labor unions and potentially other large special interest organizations , creating a major problem in the Senate .
Still , Majority Leader Harry Reid has made multiple guarantees — both in public and behind closed doors to top House officials — that he will bring the DISCLOSE Act to the floor before the August recess .
Yet Reid keeps losing key moderates while he makes these promises .
Sen. Scott Brown ( R - Mass . ) threw a major wrench at Reid 's voting calculus with a statement slamming the legislation as not " honest " or " genuine . "
And late in the week , other key Republicans started to bail on Reid .
" I just ca n't see it happening this summer , " Sen. Olympia Snowe ( R - Maine ) told POLITICO , before listing a series of bills left on the Senate docket , including a small business jobs package , the war supplemental spending bill and unemployment benefits .
Snowe , who has joined Democrats on major legislation such as Wall Street reform and temporary unemployment extensions , added that while she has begun to review the campaign finance language , changes would be required before she could support it .
" It 's going to take some work , ” Snowe said .
The legislation would require corporations , labor unions , trade associations and advocacy groups to publicly disclose financing of TV ads or mass mailings during the closing months of a political campaign .
Foreign - controlled corporations and major government contractors would also be barred from paying for such political activities .
Republicans – who back the Supreme Court ’s decision – contend that the DISCLOSE
Act is yet another crack down on free speech that would n’t hold up in court .
Even John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) , who was the namesake for the McCain - Feingold campaign finance bill that was partially overturned by the Supreme Court , is a strong opponent of the DISCLOSE Act .
McCain told POLITICO there is n't a single Republican senator who would support the legislation as it stands now , calling the bill " a bailout for the unions . "
McCain said the issue has been raised in several caucus meetings and he says fixing the campaign finance system is important , but he sees the Democratic version of the DISCLOSE Act as partisan .
" In the time remaining before this election it would be something we should address , " McCain said .
" But as long as the unions are calling the shots , there 's going to be no agreement . "
Democrats still may bring campaign finance legislation to the Senate floor , if only as a political bludgeon to portray Republicans as siding with the big corporate spending on political campaigns .
A House Democratic aide close to negotiations on the bill emphasized that House leaders are still pressuring Reid and Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York to push the campaign finance proposal to the Senate floor .
" If they want to support allowing powerful special interests to spend hundreds of millions of dollars to purchase our democracy , then the American people should see that on TV and on C - SPAN , " the aide said .
" It is a tall order , and no one has ever believed that this would be easy .
The campaign finance bill that John McCain offered took years to get passed , but that 's not a reason not to call a vote and do it . "
As for Brown 's decision to ditch the bill , Democrats from both chambers strongly disagreed with the Massachusetts Republican 's claim that the DISCLOSE Act " changes the rules in the middle of the game " to the advantage of Democrats and special interests .
Schumer contends that the aim of the bill is merely to provide " disclosure , which in the Supreme Court decision was specifically said to be constitutional . "
The New York Democrat added that the legislation does not discriminate between one group or another , even though there is a significant carve out now that would exempt the NRA and a few other major non profits .
But with Brown 's firm rejection of the bill and Snowe ’s hesitations , the bill that Democrats say is " vital " to pass could have to wait until September – or even a lame duck session for Senate floor time .
“ Time and time again , the House has demonstrated it can get tough things done , ” said one senior House Democratic aide .
“ I do n’t envy the position Sen .
Reid is in , dealing with a semi- dysfunctional body that has been hijacked by Washington Republicans , but he has to bring the DISCLOSE Act up for a vote . ”
The delays in the Senate wo n’t make House Democrats happy , and campaign watchdog groups say the floodgates will soon open to undisclosed corporate , union and special interest money in elections .
" This issue is not going to fade away , " said Craig Holman , legislative representative for Public Citizen , a non-profit advocacy group .
" Even if all Republican senators march in lock - step with the party leadership , the public is overwhelmingly revulsed by the notion of secret money financing campaigns .
If the Republicans oppose opening the books on money in politics today , the public will continue demanding transparency tomorrow . "
Microsoft scrapped plans to allow PC and Xbox 360 gamers to play shooters like Unreal Tournament 3 and Gears of War online together because during tests " console players got destroyed every time " .
That 's according to Rahul Sood , founder of luxury computer designer Voodoo PC and CTO of gaming at Hewlett - Packard .
" Rumour has it that there was a project many many months ago at Microsoft that was under wraps , " Sood wrote on his blog .
" The goal was to bridge Xbox gamers with PC gamers so they could play against one another in games like Unreal , or Gears of War .
This was all part of their Live strategy , and had Microsoft just stuck to their guns and made it work PC gaming might be in a much better position than it is today .
" There was a project that got killed at Microsoft .
This project was designed to allow console gamers and PC gamers to interact and battle over a connected environment .
" Personally I wish it would have stayed the course .
I 've heard from reliable sources that during the development they brought together the best console gamers to play mediocre PC gamers at the same game ... and guess what happened ?
They pitted console gamers with their ' console ' controller , against PC gamers with their keyboard and mouse .
" The console players got destroyed every time .
So much so that it would be embarrassing to the Xbox team in general had Microsoft launched this initiative .
Is this why the project was killed ?
Who knows , but I 'd love to hear from anyone involved - what happened ? "
Sood reckons had Microsoft kept the project alive , it might have resulted in the Xbox integrating into the PC .
Following the release of the Xbox 360 in 2005 , cross - platform play became one of the hottest topics in gaming .
It has n't taken off , however .
FASA Studios ' futuristic FPS Shadowrun does it , but it 's slim pickings .
In 2007 Epic Games ' Mark Rein confirmed Unreal Tournament 3 would n't feature cross- platform play , but said it could turn up " at some point in the future " .
Life in the Fast Lane Two Million Join Party on German Autobahn
It turned into a 60 - kilometer - long party : On Sunday , Germany 's Ruhr Valley region , this year 's Capital of European Culture , shut down a stretch of one of the continent 's busiest motorways .
More than two million people came out for the shindig .
SDCC : Cap's Shield and the Infinity Gauntlet
More Surprises from the Marvel Booth at Comic - Con
At San Diego Comic - Con on Sunday , Marvel closed out the show with the reveal of the shield used in the upcoming Captain America :
The first Avenger .
Check out the picture from Marvel.com below .
As impressive as that is , it 's nothing compare to the bomb Marvel dropped before the show closed .
Check out the Infinity Gauntlet .
No information was given as to what film the Infinity Gauntlet will appear in or if it wil be just a really awesome " Easter egg " .
The Infinity Gauntlet contains each of the Infinity Gems - Time , Space , Reality , Mind , Soul and Power .
Each gem gives its owner mastery of that aspect of the universe .
With the gems combined power , the Infinity Gauntlet is one of the most power objects in the Marvel Universe .
Where do you think the Infinity Gauntlet will appear ?
What ’s more important to Arizonans , the state ’s new immigration law or the opportunity to continue attracting musicians to perform ?
Vocalist Zack de la Rocha of Rage Against The Machine is leading a growing cadre of musicians to boycott performances in Arizona as a result of the state ’s controversial immigration crackdown .
The effort , called Sound Strike , began May 25 with a letter written by de la Rocha alleging the law “ legalizes and sanctions racial profiling .
Straight up . ”
It has since been co-signed a host of popular and respected musicians , including Kanye West , Massive Attack , Joe Satriani , Cypress Hill and Sonic Youth .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Fans of our music , our stories , our films and our words can be pulled over and harassed every day because they are brown or black , or for the way they speak , or for the music they listen to , ” wrote de la Rocha , who is partly of Mexican descent and known for his politically - charged and subversive lyrics .
Even filmmaker Michael Moore signed on .
The Arizona law mandates that police demand immigration documents when there is “ reasonable suspicion ” that someone during a lawful encounter is undocumented .
It ’s popular overall in the state and nationally but has drawn the ire of civil rights groups and the Hispanic community , which say it unfairly targets Latinos .
Invoking civil rights activist Rosa Parks , the Rage Against The Machine singer and rapper wrote : “ What if we got together , signed a collective letter saying , “ we ’re not going to ride the bus , ” saying we are not going to comply .
We are not going to play in Arizona .
We are going to boycott Arizona ! ”
Sound Strike is just the latest in a series of Arizona boycotts in response to the measure .
Arizona has shown little interest in repealing the law .
Rights in Russia Putin Pushes New Law to Curtail Opposition
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin is ratcheting up his battle against the opposition and the Islamist underground movement in the Caucasus .
His proposed legislation would allow Russia 's intelligence service to imprison people for more than two weeks -- without involving the courts .
Some analysts have suggested that he may have been the one who tipped off the FBI about the sleeper spy ring .
Mr Putin was vague when it came to discussing how traitors might be punished .
KARACHI , Pakistan —
In one of Karachi ’s most posh neighborhoods , only half of the 500,000 residents paid their property , maintenance and water taxes last year .
As a result , the Clifton Cantonment board , like Pakistan itself , is in serious financial trouble .
As my colleague Sabrina Tavernise reports , nationwide , fewer than a million out of 170 million Pakistanis voluntarily filed income tax returns last year .
The rate is among the lowest in the world .
In a bid for a solution — and some publicity — the Clifton board borrowed a creative idea that alleviated tax woes in neighboring India :
It hired a team of transgendered tax collectors to go door to door to embarrass the rich until they pay .
Video
Transgendered people , known as TGs in Pakistan , carry a social stigma in the country , and their presence rattles the rich .
For many of the TGs hired by the Clifton board , tax collecting is their first salaried job , and two of them still work as sex workers .
“ Neighbors will come out and say , ‘ Oh , what ’s happening ? ’ and the bad name the person will get , this will maybe convince them to pay taxes , ” said Aziz Suharwardy , the board ’s vice president .
“ And that ’s exactly what happens . ”
The TGs have collected $ 100,000 in about nine months , 10 times the cost of the program .
Still , the TG ’s collection barely puts a dent in the board ’s $ 5 million tax revenue shortfall .
Two years ago , the Clifton board hired a consultant to employ a more automated system that prevents collectors from pocketing the money they receive .
But the employees resisted the computerized system because “ their discretion was removed , and discretion is all about money , ” said Mr. Suharwardy .
He said corruption continued to plague Clifton ’s efforts to retrieve taxes .
In a sign of the power of Pakistan ’s V.I.P. culture , one collector told me that the TG team recently approached the house of an unknown defaulter .
They quickly learned that it was the home of the provincial minister of excise and taxation .
The team promptly left without creating its usual spectacle to shame the delinquent taxpayer .
Phytoplankton 's Dramatic Decline A Food Chain Crisis in the World 's Oceans
It is the starting point for our oceans ' food chain .
But stocks of phytoplankton have decreased by 40 percent since 1950 , potentially as a result of global warming .
It is an astonishing collapse , say researchers , and may have dramatic consequences for both the oceans and for humans .
The presentation " Jackpotting Automated Teller Machines " was originally on the schedule at Black Hat USA 2009 but the talk was pulled at the last minute .
This year it was on !
Videos of Barnaby Jack demonstrating both local and remote attacks and a multi-platform ATM rootkit .
Barnaby Jack Hacks ATMs Remotely At Black Hat
Activist Post
In the wasteful , failed war on drugs the hypocrisy of our government knows no bounds .
We spend billions and billions of dollars to put lowly drug dealers and users in “ for profit ” jails , while our CIA , military , and large banks seem to be the real drug dealers .
These institutions have a profit / funding motive not to end the insanity of prohibition .
The photos below show your tax dollars hard at work helping grow and protect the opium poppies in Afghanistan :
Still , a party is a party and I anticipated this party with the usual combination of pleasure , high , and pre-emptive exhaustion .
But this time , while I prepared the food , I also prepared myself , thinking about how I could manage my psychic energy .
Because I went into the party conscious of my energy , an interesting thing happened : I was talking to a guest , someone I did n't know well , and suddenly realized that my energy was shooting every which way .
Some was going into my conversation , yes .
But I also was conscious of other conversations around me .
I was aware of my husband manning the barbecue .
I was wondering about guests who had n't arrived yet .
Keeping an eye on the dog .
Thinking about running back into the house for ... what ?
I did n't even know .
No wonder social events exhaust me !
My poor brain , accustomed to the quiet focus of solitude , was n't processing my environment efficiently .
It was trying to absorb and interpret too much , giving me that familiar my - head - might - explode feeling .
But this time , as soon as I became aware of my scattered energy , I tried to gather it in and focus entirely on the conversation at hand .
Immediately , calm settled over me .
I looked at the woman talking to me , who a moment earlier was irritating as a buzzing fly , and became interested in what she was saying .
The rest of the party receded to the background and managed to function without me for the ten minutes I permitted myself to focus .
And with my psychic energy ratcheted down , I was infinitely more relaxed than I had been a minute earlier .
Hm .
That 's a good trick :
When suffering from sensory overload , focus on something manageable .
One conversation .
Another weapon in my arsenal of party - survival tactics .
Yeah , I have a few party tricks up my sleeve , do n't you ?
For example , admit it :
At some point at a party , you 've gone into the bathroom not because nature called , but for a moment of quiet solitude .
Closing that bathroom door in that small , silent room ... ahhhhh .
It 's a whole different kind of relief .
I know one woman who admits to shutting herself in the bathroom -- at her own parties and others '-- and reading .
Actually , I 'm currently reading The Introvert Advantage and was tickled to find that author Marti Olsen Laney starts her chapter about socializing with an anecdote about a mid-party retreat to the bathroom .
Speaking of books , snooping in other people 's bookcases is a good way to check out of the chitchat .
( Snooping in other people 's medicine cabinets , however , is not good form , no matter how much time you spend in the bathroom . )
Sometimes I even just pretend to look at the books so I can turn my back on the party for a minute and give my brain a break .
If all else fails , I 'll step outside for a moment of peace .
Actually , in some ways it is my need for party escape that has prevented me from completely and entirely giving up the nasty cigarette habit .
I 'm still a hobbyist because I like stepping out for a smoke during parties .
It 's dark and quiet outside there and at most , you might become part of a small ( and ever - shrinking ) party subset : the smokers / pariahs .
I know , I know .
Not a good reason to keep smoking but would someone please come up with an alternative ?
I also have strategies for extended get - togethers , especially if I 'm a house guest or have house guests .
For example , one of my Thanksgiving traditions is a long morning walk .
I do it not just for the exercise , but for some calm before the social storm .
I always pack walking shoes for extended family visits because when I need alone time , I can cite my need for exercise and step out without risk of causing offense .
I can buy a full hour of solitude that way and get a little exercise as well .
I 've also found , oddly enough , that knitting helps keep some in my brain during those family - just - sittin ' - around times .
I can remain cognizant of everything happening around me and participate , but the little task engages the wandering part of my mind and somehow approximates solitude in a crowd .
I 'm not exactly sure why this bit of voodoo works for me , but it does .
What are your party survival tactics ?
Now 's the time to share them , as we careen into the festive season .
--
What is energy directed outward ?
Or inward ?
We know what we think we mean when we talk about such things , but how do you measure them in a way that scientists can get a grip on ?
Nobody has figured that out yet .
Copyright 2009 Sophia Dembling
Image caption
Up to 10,000 people show up each year to bare their behinds to passing Amtrak trains
The southern Californian city of Laguna Niguel has been enjoying an annual ritual , in which locals and visitors bare their bottoms at passing trains .
For 30 years , the city has hosted " Mooning Amtrak " as crowds line up along the railway tracks , dropping their trousers when a train passes by .
Up to 10,000 people take part , and visitors are encouraged to leave their cars at home and arrive by train .
Local legend has it the tradition began in 1979 , after a bar room bet .
Can I decorate my butt ?
Yes , that 's OK Moon Amtrak website
A drinker at the Mugs Away Saloon , which stands directly across the road from the railway , offered to buy a drink for anyone who would run outside and moon at the next train .
One customer took him at his word , and a ritual was born .
Each year the event grows , with crowds swelled by word of mouth and enthusiastic reports from radio DJs on local radio stations .
There were reports in 2008 of surging crowds and drunkenness , and police and a helicopter were called in from neighbouring towns to maintain order .
Last year the city , which lies in Orange County between Los Angeles and San Diego , decided enough was enough .
" Avoid the area this year , " the city warned on its website home page .
It added in a breezy Twitter feed that the city was " saying ' NO ' to crack " .
Moon Amtrak enthusiasts were not impressed .
Image caption Each year the event grows , with crowds of up to 10,000 reported
Mugs Away regular Rick Sanchez blamed a " stuffy , yuppie mayor " who had " never even been to a mooning " , the Wall Street Journal reported .
The event even has its own website , this year proudly headed " 31st Annual Mooning of Amtrak " .
It also promoted a newer offshoot : " 5th Annual Mooning of Metrolink " .
It features directions to Camino Capistrano , the road where trousers and dignity are dropped each year , and helpfully lists train times through the day , so that people can schedule their disrobing .
And after 8 pm , there is night mooning .
" Bring a flash light with plenty of batteries , or better yet , bring a camping lantern , " the website advises .
There is even a " Frequently Asked Questions " section for mooning debutantes .
" Can I decorate my butt ? " is one FAQ .
Yes , that 's OK , apparently .
the cell , if consciousness can emerge out of a formal system of firing neurons , then so too will computers attain human intelligence .
Gödel , Escher , Bach is a wonderful exploration of fascinating ideas at the heart of cognitive science : meaning , reduction , recursion , and much more .
… ( more Douglas Hofstadter 's book is concerned directly with the nature of " maps ' or links between formal systems .
However , according to Hofstadter , the formal system that underlies all mental activity transcends the system that supports it .
If life can grow out of the formal chemical substrate of
Mark Cleverley , the company ’s head of government strategy , said : “ What the technology does is what police officers have always done , sometimes purely on instinct – looking for patterns to work out what is likely to happen next .
DUBLIN ( Reuters ) - Roisin
Hyde was five when she was hastily baptised a few days before she started primary school .
Hyde ’s parents were agnostic but because non-Catholics in Ireland had few other places to learn how to read and write , the family latched onto the only option they knew .
Twin sisters Aine ( L ) and Emer Quinn eat sweets in the local parish hall after making their First Holy Communion in St Mary 's Roman Catholic Church , Cushendall in this photo taken June 5 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Cathal McNaughton
Thirty - five years on and Hyde , an architect in Dublin , is struggling over where to educate her own two - year - old son .
It ’s a dilemma faced by parents the world over .
But in Ireland , where the Catholic Church runs more than nine in ten primary schools and half of all high schools , it ’s a question that too often has just one answer .
“ I would say that a lot of my friends , the only time they have been inside a church is to get their kids christened so they could go to the local school , ” Hyde , 40 , says .
“ I just feel so hypocritical doing it , going along for one day and then not attending . ”
The reverence with which the Irish hold the Catholic Church had begun to fade even before the abuse scandals of recent years .
As the economy boomed in the 1990s and 2000s , churches emptied .
The abuse revelations have further undermined the Church ’s authority and fractured trust , alienating committed believers as senior clergy have remained in their posts .
Parents , politicians , and even church leaders have begun to call for a rollback of clerical power .
Why should our children have to follow a creed just to get an education , many ask .
Despite these changing attitudes , the Catholic Church retains far more power in Ireland than in almost any other country in Europe .
And nowhere is the Irish Church so deeply woven into the fabric of daily life than in education .
The number of nuns and priests teaching may be down compared to a few decades ago , but the Church controls so many schools and writes so many of the rules its influence remains pervasive .
In Ireland , “ if it ’s a state school , it ’s Catholic .
If it ’s private , it ’s usually Catholic , ” Hyde says .
BELL AND BLASPHEMY
It ’s never been easy to escape the Church in Ireland .
Hyde remembers how dominant religion was when she was growing up in south Dublin .
Teachers would ask about Sunday mass , parents of friends would try to convert her .
“ I just remember feeling really uncomfortable as I had n’t been to mass .
It was like they were keeping an eye on you in school . ”
Unlike other Catholic nations such as Italy or Poland , Ireland has no formal agreement to regulate the relationship between church and state .
Clerical influence has simply been taken for granted for decades .
Part of that is habit .
State - funded broadcaster RTE still rings the ‘ Angelus ’ bell at noon and six p.m. every day on television , and shows images of families or workers pausing for a moment of quiet contemplation before the main news bulletin -- which lately has often opened with details of the latest church scandal .
On Good Friday , the day commemorating the crucifixion of Jesus Christ , the sale of alcohol is prohibited nationwide .
This year , for the first time , a judge granted an exemption to pubs in the western city of Limerick , to allow drinking during a match between two provincial rugby teams .
While many commentators saw that as the beginning of a trend , change can come slowly in Ireland .
Condoms were officially banned until the late 1970s , and only became freely available in vending machines in 1993 .
Divorce was not legalised until 1995 and abortion remains banned despite several referendums .
A blasphemy law -- the sort of thing other Western countries long ago dropped -- lives on .
AN EDUCATION
In many ways , the Church ’s power is rooted in its history .
Like much else in Ireland under British rule , the Catholic Church was oppressed by the Protestant establishment .
Despite this -- or rather , because of it -- Catholicism became the frontline institution standing up for Ireland ’s culture , religion and nationalism .
By the time the Republic won independence from Britain in the early 20th century , no organisation in the country was more powerful .
The Church happily filled a gap for the struggling young state by running schools and hospitals .
That helped consolidate a dominant role that few questioned until the late 20th century .
In education , the Church ’s influence remains profound : professionally trained lay teachers dominate school faculties , but school boards are typically chaired by a parish priest .
The Church still has a say in enrolment and recruitment and has occasionally weighed in on issues considered controversial such as teachers who have children out of wedlock .
A typical timetable in schools provides for about half an hour a day of religion , but there are constant reminders in other areas of school life such as assemblies .
Religious icons also hang on many classroom walls .
DECLINING FAITHFUL
Those symbols of faith feel increasingly anachronistic in a country that has transformed itself from one of Europe ’s poorest to one of its richest in just a generation .
James Kelly , a lecturer in theology at Trinity College Dublin , says that as Ireland has changed , fewer and fewer people have stayed committed to the Church .
While a small group of dedicated followers remains , others only attend Church for baptisms , marriages and funerals , he says .
“ If you go into church on an ordinary day , you would find older people .
Now we have become much more secular . ”
Reports into the decades - long abuse of children by priests and other Church staff have prompted some to break away altogether .
Last year , in a move unthinkable in Ireland even 20 years ago , three lapsed Catholics set up a website called CountMeOut , which outlines the steps needed to leave the Church and provides the paperwork to make it official .
Unlike in German - speaking countries , where the state collects taxes for churches , defection is purely symbolic in Ireland .
Still , some 10,000 people of a population of some 4.5 million have downloaded the forms that allow them to remove their name from church rolls .
It is less clear how many have followed through and sent them on to their parishes .
“ People would nominally call themselves Catholic ... almost as if it were an ethnic group , without really considering it as an identity , ” says Cormac Flynn , one of the site ’s founders .
“ When they find that there is a way to leave , even if they do n’t go through with it themselves , it pushes them to consider what it means to call yourself a Catholic -- and I think that ’s important considering what has been happening in the last year . ”
The impact of the abuse reports published last year -- the Ryan report on church - run orphanages and schools in much of the 20th century and the Murphy report into the Dublin archdiocese between 1975 - 2004 -- has also fuelled distrust .
Before the abuse reports , a census in 2006 found 86.8 percent of Irish described themselves as Roman Catholic , down from 93.9 percent in 1971 but still a high proportion compared with the rest of Europe .
This year , according to a survey by market research company Amarach carried out in February , the number of people who did not trust the Church “ at all ” rose to 32 percent from just 6 percent in 2001 .
Those who trusted it “ a great deal ” fell to 4 percent from 18 percent .
Little wonder that more and more people question the Church ’s role in educating future generations .
“ There has been a lessening of direct involvement of people in the Catholic Church in particular and there has been a growth of public disquiet ( following ) the very many stories of sexual abuse , ” says Dan Boyle , chairman of the ruling coalition member Green Party and a member of the upper house of parliament .
“ All those factors are combining to make ... Catholic Church involvement in the education system questionable . ”
OVERCOMING THE ABUSE
It does n’t help that many Irish believe senior clergy such as primate Cardinal Sean Brady need to step down before the country can move on .
Some 76 percent of Irish adults think Brady should resign because of the abuse scandals , according to a June Irish Times / Ipsos MRBI poll .
One abuse victim , who gives her name as Lizzie , says she does not want to step foot in a church ever again .
“ Even my sons refuse to go to church because of what happened to me , ” she says .
“ I think the Church needs to do more and Cardinal Brady should take more responsibility .
If you talk about healing the Church , why not start by yourself ? ”
Brady has said he is ashamed of meetings he attended in the 1970s , where children were forced to sign oaths of silence about abuses allegedly committed by a priest who was later convicted on 74 counts .
The priest , who died in prison , chose his victims from among the boys and girls in his parish for more than 30 years .
Slideshow ( 17 images )
Nevertheless , Brady says he will stay on in his role so he can further improve the protection of children .
A letter of apology from Pope Benedict in March left people wanting more .
It expressed remorse and sorrow for abuse inflicted on children by priests and religious brothers , but victims said they were deeply disappointed by its failure to address the role of current senior Church leaders .
Since then , the Pope has accepted three bishops ’ resignations in connection with the abuse reports .
“ Some people out there still do n’t want to believe that people from the Church could do this , ” said another abuse victim , who gave her name as Annie .
Despite her own experience , Annie took her children to mass every Sunday when they were growing up .
“ I like to believe that there is something more out there , ” the 74 - year - old says , breaking down into tears as she recalled her childhood in a Church - run school .
“ I ( now ) go to church and sit there , but only when it is empty .
I still have a problem with it . ”
Archbishop of Dublin Diarmuid Martin has spoken of “ strong forces ” who “ would prefer that the truth did not emerge ” and about “ signs of a rejection of a sense of responsibility for what had happened ” .
Such frankness has drawn criticism from priests who believe he has failed to defend his subordinates .
Martin says the Church must move on -- but has to open up more about its dark past .
“ The Catholic Church in Ireland is coming out of one of the most difficult moments in its history yet the light at the end of the tunnel is still a long way off , ” he told the Oxford University Newman Society in a speech in June .
“ There is no simple way of wiping the slate of the past clean , just to ease our feelings .
Yet the Catholic Church in Ireland cannot be imprisoned in its past .
The work of evangelisation must if anything take on a totally new vibrancy . ”
Abuse victim Lizzie says she respects Martin ’s sentiment .
“ It is only through real intentions that people can regain trust in the Church again . ”
GRADUAL WITHDRAWAL
Even if trust can be rebuilt , the push for change in Ireland ’s education system is likely to continue .
Even the Church recognises the shift underway .
“ I believe that Catholic education has its place in Irish society today and will continue to maintain its place into the future .
That is not to say that things should not change , ” Archbishop Martin told a meeting of primary school principals last year .
The near - monopoly of patronage , he said , is a “ historical hangover ” that makes no sense when fewer people call themselves Catholic .
Others inside the Church agree .
“ The Church got involved in most of its extra activities to meet a need that was not being met and ... when that need is being met , you should move out , ” a senior Catholic official told Reuters .
“ There is an openness within the Church to sit down and work out a gradual withdrawal and it ’s been demonstrated more at secondary level than primary level . ”
The official , who declined to be named because he is not authorised to speak to the media on the matter , was also keen to clear up school entrance requirements .
“ There ’s a misunderstanding out there that if you ’re not baptised , you ca n’t get into a Catholic school , ” he says .
Demand for multi-denominational schools is growing .
The Educate Together civic group , originating from a movement to establish new multi-denominational primary schools in the late 1970s , opened its first such school in 1978 .
Now it has nearly 60 schools under its wing , most in the Dublin area .
The government , too , understands it has to take on a bigger role in education .
“ Society has been changing and there are increasing calls for parental choice in relation to the patronage of primary schools , ” Education Minister Mary Coughlan told parliament in May .
The education ministry says the vast majority of Ireland ’s 450,000 primary - age children already attend schools funded by the state but “ giving explicit recognition to their denominational character ” and under the patronage of the local bishop .
A government initiative to take on more schools is being tested , Coughlan says .
As with so many things in financial crisis - hit Ireland these days , finding the money to fund such a big shift will be a problem .
“ The idea that you have a choice in every parish is just economically not viable , ” says Brian Hayes , a spokesman for the centre - right Fine Gael opposition .
As the Church official points out : “ One of the reasons the state hangs onto the church - run schools is that it costs far less to run them because there ’s far more parish volunteers and parish fundraising to look after them .
If we just said in the morning ‘ take all the schools back , ’ the state would n’t be able to run them . ”
CONSTITUTIONAL CHANGE ?
Some want the sort of change that goes beyond money .
Church doctrine is built into Ireland ’s constitution , which opens with a preamble on the obligations to Jesus Christ and has several references to God .
Could it be time for that to change ?
“ A lot of us are arguing that there is a need for a complete overhaul of the constitution -- a new constitution for a new republic , ” says David Farrell , a professor of politics at University College Dublin , adding that the main opposition parties Fine Gael and Labour have signalled moves in that direction .
“ If you ’re going to reform the constitution to reduce , or ideally remove references to the Church which is inappropriate in a modern society like ours , that would have to be part of a larger package of reforms . ”
The Green Party ’s Boyle argues that the constitution “ is a document of its time and it does n’t seem to have taken ( into account ) the changes that occurred to the wider world or in particular to Ireland in the meantime ” .
In particular , its treatment of the family provides “ a very narrow and outdated ( reflection ) of what a family is like , ” he says .
But while most politicians seem committed to making education more secular , a fundamental overhaul of the constitution would be tricky .
Conservative politicians could face pressure from some constituents to oppose such a move .
Winning enough votes in a referendum could also prove difficult , as last year ’s Lisbon Treaty vote showed .
That means the Church ’s influence is likely to live on , despite the scandals and the growing agitation for change .
“ The Church used to control everything here in Ireland , now they have been left struggling to keep the respect of people for what was done , ” said Paul O’Reilly , a Limerick shop keeper , after coming out of mass one Sunday in May .
“ But I still ca n’t see them disappearing to the margins of society just yet . ”
* Total US govt financial system support seen at $ 3.7 trln
* US support swells by $ 700 bln in past year - watchdog
* Mortgage , housing commitments account for most of rise
* TARP watchdog criticizes Obama housing rescue efforts
By David Lawder
WASHINGTON , July 21 ( Reuters ) - Increased housing commitments swelled U.S. taxpayers ’ total support for the financial system by $ 700 billion in the past year to around $ 3.7 trillion , a government watchdog said on Wednesday .
The Special Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program said the increase was due largely to the government 's pledges to supply capital to Fannie Mae FNMA.OB and Freddie Mac FMCC.OB and to guarantee more mortgages to the support the housing market .
Increased guarantees for loans backed by the Federal Housing Administration , the Government National Mortgage Association and the Veterans administration increased the government ’s commitments by $ 512.4 billion alone in the year to June 30 , according to the report .
“ Indeed , the current outstanding balance of overall Federal support for the nation ’s financial system ... has actually increased more than 23 % over the past year , from approximately $ 3.0 trillion to $ 3.7 trillion -- the equivalent of a fully deployed TARP program -- largely without congressional action , even as the banking crisis has , by most measures , abated from its most acute phases , ” the TARP inspector general , Neil Barofsky , wrote in the report .
The total includes Federal Reserve programs and a myriad of asset guarantees , including Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. protection for bank deposits .
The increased government commitments more than offset about a $ 300 billion decline in the U.S. Treasury ’s TARP commitments in the past year as programs have closed and banks have repaid taxpayer funds .
HOUSING PROGRAMS CRITICIZED
Barofsky also in the report ramped up his criticism of the Treasury ’s housing relief efforts , saying that its program to reduce monthly mortgage payments for struggling homeowners was showing “ anemic ” participation numbers and had failed to “ put an appreciable dent in foreclosure filings . ”
He said Treasury had refused his repeated recommendations to announce more effective goals and benchmarks for its mortgage modification program , which could reach up to $ 50 billion in TARP funds .
“ Treasury ’s refusal to provide meaningful goals for this important program is a fundamental failure of transparency and accountability that makes it far more difficult for the American people and their representatives in Congress to assess whether the program ’s benefits are worth its very substantial cost , ” Barofsky wrote .
Among other recommendations repeated in the report , Barofsky called for the Treasury to consider making its voluntary mortgage principal reduction program mandatory , saying this would make it less likely for “ underwater ” homeowners to abandon their properties .
The Treasury has declined to adopt the recommendation , citing the prospect that mandatory principal reduction would cause mortgage servicing firms to opt out of the program and fairness issues in reducing principal for both responsible homeowners hit by value declines and homeowners who overleveraged their properties in refinancings .
U.S. Treasury officials defended the Home Affordable Modification Program , saying that it was still on track to reach its goal to keep 3 million to 4 million homeowners in their homes by the end of 2012 and was adapting to changing conditions by offering forbearance to unemployed people and extra funding for the hardest - hit markets .
Herbert Allison , Treasury assistant secretary for financial stability , said the Treasury often agrees with Barofsky ’s recommendations , “ but once in a while , we differ on what type of policy will best carry out our mandate . ”
The report provoked swift criticism of Obama administration housing policies from U.S. Rep. Darrell Issa , a California Republican who has taken every opportunity to blast the Treasury ’s handling of financial bailout programs .
“ The fact that the Obama administration is treating TARP like its own personal slush - fund is beyond egregious and a complete betrayal of what the American people were told would be then when their tax - dollars were used to bailout Wall Street , ” Issa said in a statement , adding that the housing efforts were “ dumping good money after bad ” .
( Reporting by David Lawder ; Editing by Kazunori Takada )
Why Geography ?
Geography is one of the few disciplines that comfortably bridges the social sciences , biophysical sciences and the humanities through its holistic approach to studies .
Geography programs offer international and integrative perspectives on the relations among social , economic , and biophysical processes that affect interconnections between people , environments and places on the earth 's surface .
There are many specializations for students interested in pursuing a degree in Geography .
Each specialization is designed to provide students with the training necessary to enter careers in their field .
For students who are interested in Geography but are completing a major in another discipline , we offer several minor options .
Students can either follow a general Geography minor or pursue more structured minors in the specializations listed above .
Geography majors can also take a different geographic specialty for minor .
Highlighted Course Offerings : Summer 2020 Geography of Tourism GEOG 290 Online 05/26 - 06/28
Physical and cultural factors affecting the locations and relative importance of recreational areas and tourist attractions , both foreign and domestic .
Geography of Economic Development GEOG 471 / GEOG 544 Online 05/26 - 07/20
This course looks at spatial patterns of world economic development with consideration of contemporary changes in selected developing countries , including how the coronavirus has affected economies around the world .
New Directions in Tourism GEOG 455 / GEOG 514 Online 06/29-08/02
Study of contemporary forms of tourism including ecotourism , heritage tourism , and educational travel , which have their own impacts , management , and planning needs , and which differ notably from the traditions of mass tourism .
Fall 2020
Why the CRAPL ?
In academic software ( my own included ) , software engineering principles vaporize as deadlines loom , and code becomes overrun with debugging hooks , perl golf , hard - coded configuration variables , dirty hacks , commentless tracts , a Gordian build system , and of course , no documentation .
It 's not the kind of code one is proud of .
I think a lot of academics are embarrassed to release their code .
But , it does n't matter .
We should release our code , warts and all .
And , we should applaud people that do so .
When it comes time to empirically evaluate new research with respect to someone else 's prior work , even a rickety implementation of their work can save grad - student - months , or even grad - student - years , of time .
Goals of the CRAPL
I 'm not a lawyer , so I doubt I 've written the CRAPL in such a way that it would hold up well in court .
If you know a legal mind willing to help me " ruggedize " it , please have them contact me .
( I am , in effect , releasing the CRAPL under the CRAPL . )
Caveats aside , I do think the current CRAPL captures the spirit of what we want out of academic software : it suitably warns the user and aggressively absolves the author .
If you 're an academic , the CRAPL is an excuse to convert ugly software into good karma .
The CRAPL reinforces the notion that academics optimize research output by producing proofs of concept rather than commercial software packages .
And , it requires any modifications used to support published scientific research to be released back to the community .
The CRAPL also includes a good citizen clause : if you use someone else 's CRAPLed software to complete your research , you should contact them before publishing your results .
This gives the software 's author the chance to inform you of any bugs they have found .
More importantly , such exchanges open the door to potential collaboration and , consequently , better science .
The CRAPL says nothing about copyright ownership or permission to commercialize .
You 'll have to attach another license if you want to classically open source your software .
How to use the CRAPL
" To CRAPL " means " to release under the CRAPL . " " CRAPLed " software is software that has been released under the CRAPL .
If you want to CRAPL your software , include the following in a file called CRAPL - LICENSE .
txt .
THE CRAPL v0 BETA 1 0 . Information about the CRAPL
If you have questions or concerns about the CRAPL , or you need more information about this license , please contact : Matthew Might http://matt.might.net/
I. Preamble Science thrives on openness .
In modern science , it is often infeasible to replicate claims without access to the software underlying those claims .
Let 's all be honest : when scientists write code , aesthetics and software engineering principles take a back seat to having running , working code before a deadline .
So , let 's release the ugly .
And , let 's be proud of that .
II .
Definitions 1 . " This License " refers to version 0 beta 1 of the Community Research and Academic Programming License ( the CRAPL ) .
2 . " The Program " refers to the medley of source code , shell scripts , executables , objects , libraries and build files supplied to You , or these files as modified by You .
[ Any appearance of design in the Program is purely coincidental and should not in any way be mistaken for evidence of thoughtful software construction . ]
3 . " You " refers to the person or persons brave and daft enough to use the Program .
4 . " The Documentation " refers to the Program .
5 . " The Author " probably refers to the caffeine - addled graduate student that got the Program to work moments before a submission deadline .
III .
Terms 1 .
By reading this sentence , You have agreed to the terms and conditions of this License .
2 . If the Program shows any evidence of having been properly tested or verified , You will disregard this evidence .
3 . You agree to hold the Author free from shame , embarrassment or ridicule for any hacks , kludges or leaps of faith found within the Program .
4 . You recognize that any request for support for the Program will be discarded with extreme prejudice .
5 . The Author reserves all rights to the Program , except for any rights granted under any additional licenses attached to the Program .
IV .
Permissions 1 . You are permitted to use the Program to validate published scientific claims .
2 . You are permitted to use the Program to validate scientific claims submitted for peer review , under the condition that You keep modifications to the Program confidential until those claims have been published .
3 . You are permitted to use and / or modify the Program for the validation of novel scientific claims if You make a good - faith attempt to notify the Author of Your work and Your claims prior to submission for publication .
4 . If You publicly release any claims or data that were supported or generated by the Program or a modification thereof , in whole or in part , You will release any inputs supplied to the Program and any modifications
You made to the Progam .
This License will be in effect for the modified program .
V. Disclaimer of Warranty THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM , TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW .
EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND /OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM " AS IS " WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED , INCLUDING , BUT NOT LIMITED TO , THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE .
THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU .
SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE , YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING , REPAIR OR CORRECTION .
VI .
Limitation of Liability IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER , OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MODIFIES AND / OR CONVEYS THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE , BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES , INCLUDING ANY GENERAL , SPECIAL , INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM ( INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS ) , EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES .
Contributions to the CRAPL
To kick things off , I'm CRAPLing all the source I could scrape off my back - up disks .
I kept telling myself that I 'd clean it all up and release it some day .
I have to be honest with myself : this clean - up is never going to happen .
So , I 'm releasing all the code " as-is . "
The code for a recent submission of mine to the ACM Conference on the Principles of Programming Languages ( POPL ) is also available .
We got a 72X speed - up for 0CFA by mapping a small - step abstract interpretation onto the GPU through linear - algebraic operations .
It 's simultaneously elegant and freaky .
The build system by itself merits the CRAPL .
I 'm releasing the code because a 72X speed - up is an extraordinary claim .
And , without our source , if anyone were to compare a new algorithm against our work , it would take them man-years ( just as it took us ) to figure out the low - level code optimizations that squeeze out every drop of performance .
Others using the CRAPL
Others have released under the CRAPL as well :
Most people understand the importance of facial expressions in cartooning , but if there ’s anything that ’s routinely neglected , it ’s hands .
It ’s a shame too , since hands are the second thing we instinctively look at when a person is speaking to us .
We use our hands in a variety of ways to accentuate our point ; if we actively restrict ourselves from gesturing at all , natural speech actually become rather difficult .
This goes beyond dialogue , too : hand gestures lead us to what ’s important , and they ’re the most frequent body part to indicate action and interaction with the environment , as well as other characters .
Hands dominate the focus on what ’s important in a scene , and to neglect this is to neglect a pivotal tool in storytelling .
The Meek is an excellent example of a webcomic that knows how to use hands .
They ’re not just used to accentuate a gesture or mood , but different characters have different habits of gestures , just like real life people .
Whether it ’s a subtle gesture ( indicating a sort of royal calm ) like above , or an indication of surprise or bewilderment :
An innocent investigation :
Or visible frustration :
In the above image , we go from the girl ’s hands centered in the frame , almost mirrored .
It keeps the focus dead center and the composition flat .
Then the “ camera ” shifts to the left , bringing us out of that moment of mental processing and onto the action .
Her right hand gestures outward , and we instinctively want to follow it to the next scene , whatever that may be .
Enrique Fernandez does an especially good job of hand interaction with other objects and faces .
They allow us to focus on what ’s most important in a scene .
Guiding the eye is a central part of comic art , and hands are an efficient way to achieve this .
Despite being lavishly detailed , there ’s never any confusion as to what the focal point is in each panel .
If the reader has to try too hard to figure out what ’s important , they lose interest in the visual path of the image and may lose interest in the comic altogether .
Hands need not be realistic or detailed to achieve their purpose .
Octopus
Pie is a very “ cartoony ” comic , but there ’s an economy of movement and composition in every panel to get the main point across .
Hands are not afraid to touch objects and gesture appropriately .
There ’s a definite language to the characters ’ gestures as well , and no two characters use their hands the same way .
Hark , a Vagrant is an even more extreme example .
There ’s really very little realism to the forms in general , especially the hands , but still they are extremely expressive and clearly readable .
There ’s never any confusion as to how a character is behaving or feeling .
In short , hands are a big thing we look for when engaging a person .
Regardless of style , if an artist wants to have relatable or engaging characters , those characters have to move and act like people , and those people need to be gesturing in a way that moves the action forward clearly and effectively .
I ’ve never bought an issue of Action Comics before , but that ’s all set to change .
October ’s issue is going to have a very special guest star : Death herself .
And yes , according to The Source , Neil Gaiman approves .
Death is the second oldest of the Endless , and a major character in Neil Gaiman ’s Sandman , which , though neither Vertigo or DC mention it very often , is a part of the DC Universe .
Apparently , she has a date with Lex Luthor .
Ok , not a literal date , but that would explain why she ’s bringing him flowers .
It would also niche nicely with the effect she has on any mortal she meets before their actual death : they fall in love with her .
According to The Source :
Luthor , as fans of the series know , is in the midst of a storyline that takes him on a winding and dangerous quest for power – a quest that will bring the megalomaniacal villain into close proximity with characters in and beyond the far reaches of the DC Universe .
It does n’t get much more far out than Death .
Good luck , Mr. Luthor .
Even when encountering the most , ah , social of the Endless , you ’re going to need it .
Here ’s the full cover of Action Comics # 894 ( click for incredibly high rez ) :
Have a tip we should know ?
tips@themarysue.com
Ad agency BBDO blatantly stole its concept for a recent AT&T ad from art duo Christo and Jeanne - Claude .
Watch as their ample “ coverage ” is demonstrated by sprawling , orange fabric that covers buildings and landscapes while commercial extras gawk in glee .
Not surprisingly , the CGI - laden travesty is followed by a disclaimer about the artists ’ non-affiliation and an AT&T spokesman commented that the artists ’ estate will not be compensated in any way .
| Art Review|
Click to viewLast September , masked bank robbers landed a helicopter on a Swedish bank , broke in through a glass pyramid and set off some explosions before hoisting up on rope lines and flying away with millions of dollars .
And here 's the video !
Advertisement
Fortunately or unfortunately , depending on whether or not you view these guys as brilliant schemers or common criminals , 10 of them got caught and are going on trial next month .
But now that the trial is about to begin , they 've released the above footage of the crime itself .
Sure , it 's not quite as flashy as Oceans 11 , but come on , this was real .
And what have you done lately ?
Nothing as badass as this , I guarantee it .
[ Euronews via The Awl ]
People over 50 are as much at risk from unsafe sex as the young , the Health Protection Agency warns today , as it reveals evidence that the numbers becoming infected with HIV in that age group have more than doubled in seven years .
In 2000 there were 299 new HIV infections among the over - 50s , according to the HPA , which presents its findings at the International Aids conference in Vienna today .
But in 2007 there were 710 new cases .
Some of those diagnosed after the age of 50 will have been infected when they were younger and diagnosed late .
After some early symptoms , people who are fit and healthy often continue to feel well and may not suspect they have HIV for as long as 10 years .
Unfortunately , late diagnosis reduces their chances of survival .
But half of the over - 50s diagnosed had recently been infected , suggesting they had been taking chances .
" This highlights the importance of HIV testing , whatever your age , " said Ruth Smith , a senior HIV scientist at the HPA 's Centre for Infections .
" We must continually reinforce the safe sex message – using a condom with all new or casual partners is the surest way to ensure people do not become infected with a serious sexually transmitted infection such as HIV . "
Her co-author , Dr Valerie Delpech , head of HIV surveillance at the HPA , said people in the older age group needed to be aware that they were just as much at risk as young people if they had unsafe sex .
" Although adults aged 50 and over account for just 8 % of all new HIV diagnoses , the fact that cases have more than doubled in recent years serves as a timely reminder that anybody is at risk of HIV infection if they do not use protection and practise safe sex , " she said .
" Animals have these advantages over man : they never hear the clock strike , they die without any idea of death , they have no theologians to instruct them , their last moments are not disturbed by unwelcome and unpleasant ceremonies , their funerals cost them nothing , and no one starts lawsuits over their wills . "
~ Voltaire
Photo : Andreas Laszlo Konrath
“ Where is the drumroll ? ”
Rabbi Avi Weiss looked ebullient .
He was facing the congregation on a Sunday morning in March of last year , at the Hebrew Institute of Riverdale , the synagogue he founded nearly 40 years ago .
His white yarmulke was bobby - pinned to his white hair , a broad smile lifting his jowls .
In a few minutes , he would ordain the first woman in American Orthodox Judaism .
This so - called conferral ceremony honoring Sara Hurwitz , a 32 - year - old mother of three , was unprecedented , and everyone in the room knew it .
Orthodox rules strictly delineate gender roles in all aspects of life , especially in synagogue , and these divisions go a long way toward defining what Orthodoxy stands for .
Avi Weiss is not one for subtle gestures , yet even he recognized that this ordainment would require an unusual level of political finesse .
He had picked his protégée ’s title cautiously , choosing not to dub her rabbi — too loaded an honorific — but rather a new designation he ’d invented : maharat , a Hebrew acronym , he explained , which stands for a legal , spiritual , and Talmudic leader .
Someone drummed on a chair , obliging Weiss ’s request .
“ The authority of Torah will rest upon her shoulders , ” Weiss proclaimed dramatically , “ to spread the knowledge of God throughout the land . ”
Large hands planted firmly on the lectern , Weiss gazed like a father at Hurwitz , who sat smiling back , dressed in a plain black suit , cloche hat , and pearls .
“ Sara , what you have achieved today is distinctive .
It ’s set apart . ”
He told his audience how well versed Hurwitz had become in Jewish law — Halacha — as if to anticipate any questioning of her bona fides .
“ Sara , under the tutelage of Halachic experts , has studied the established traditional rabbinic texts that are required to become a religious leader and , based on her mastery of these texts , is assuming a full religious leadership position in a synagogue . ”
With open hands , he gestured to her .
“ We bless you as you rise and come forward to join me in officially becoming part of the religious leadership of Israel and officially becoming a full member of our clergy ! ”
The crowd cheered .
“ You have risked so much to stand behind me , ” Hurwitz said to Weiss in her acceptance speech .
“ It is my dream that young Orthodox girls will be able to say , ‘ When I grow up , I want to be a maharat and serve in the capacity of female Orthodox rabbi . ’ ”
No one seemed to flinch .
In fact , in the weeks that followed , it appeared that Weiss had accomplished something else unprecedented : a significant challenge to Orthodox rabbinical codes that had avoided waking the lions of the Establishment .
This is not how he typically conducts business .
Though described by his congregants as soft - spoken and gentle , he has , over the past three decades , built a career out of confrontation .
He is known for his unrelenting political activism , championing causes from Soviet Jewry to clemency for Israeli spy Jonathan Pollard .
Few can keep track of the number of times he ’s been arrested , threatened , and lambasted .
Within the Orthodox community , Weiss has been equally disruptive , agitating for what he calls an “ open Orthodoxy , ” which he believes can be inclusive without breaching the tradition ’s stringent parameters .
This morning ’s ceremony appeared to represent a quieter radicalism — no news conferences , no protests .
Perhaps , even , it was a glimpse of a new Avi Weiss : as crusading as ever , but , at 64 , grown wise to the benefits of diplomacy .
Those in the congregation who knew Weiss best knew better .
Six years after having first discussed with Hurwitz the outsize notion of her studying to be accepted as an Orthodox rabbi , Weiss approached her ordination at a loss for what to call her .
His longtime friend Blu Greenberg , who founded the Jewish Orthodox Feminist Alliance , convened a kind of focus group to help him figure it out .
On two separate evenings at her house in Riverdale , Greenberg invited about two dozen prominent Jewish women — and a few men — to eat poached salmon and wrestle with the question of what title Hurwitz should be granted and whether Orthodox Judaism could accommodate her ordination .
Everyone present agreed that Hurwitz represented something seismic .
“ I think everybody was in amazement that she had achieved this , ” says Reform rabbi Jacqueline Koch Ellenson , who attended a meeting .
Hurwitz had put in three years of learning at Manhattan ’s Drisha Institute , then repeated the course work under Weiss ’s supervision , this time with an eye toward psak : being equipped to weigh in on intricate questions of Jewish law .
“ Sara completed everything , ” Ellenson continues .
“ She bucked the system .
So what happens next ?
Do you let her in ? ”
Some were afraid that by ordaining Hurwitz , Weiss would jeopardize his synagogue ’s funding ; others expressed concern about the impact on “ his boys , ” as some refer to his students from the already - controversial yeshiva he created .
But after hours of discussion , the group was largely in accord : Hurwitz should be named rabbi , or , failing that , rabba .
Photo : Courtesy of Rabbi Weiss
Weiss , however , had chosen not to attend the meetings .
This was not altogether surprising .
His close congregants describe — with affection and exasperation — a man who claims to invite opinions but ultimately listens to his own .
“ Everyone who joins the shul knows it ’s not a democracy , ” says a former president , Howard Jonas .
“ He ’s ‘ the Rebbe . ’ ”
And perhaps he decided to discard the group ’s recommendation for the same reason :
He does n’t like to feel nudged .
Weiss may not have welcomed hashing things out by committee , but in the months following the announcement of Hurwitz ’s maharat title , he started to come around to their conclusion .
Many found the word clumsy .
It never really took hold in the wider Jewish community .
Some people had even taken to mocking it , stressing the last syllable , rat .
Perhaps most important , what had felt like a momentous ordination had , in less than a year , lost air .
No one really knew what maharat meant , which suggested that little had really changed .
And so , in January , to the surprise of his congregation , his board , and his yeshiva , Weiss announced from the pulpit that he was changing Hurwitz ’s title to rabba .
Now , finally , came the response he ’d been used to — though the extent of the vitriol left even Weiss shaken .
As he confided to Rabbi Dov Linzer , the dean of Weiss ’s yeshiva , “ The way people are reacting , you would think I killed somebody . ”
“ These developments represent a radical and dangerous departure from Jewish tradition , ” declared Agudath Israel of America , ultra-Orthodoxy ’s most authoritative rabbinic body .
“ Any congregation with a woman in a rabbinical position of any sort cannot be considered Orthodox . ”
Weiss , never a favorite among the hard - liners , was accused of sabotaging his community .
Steven Pruzansky , a rabbi in Teaneck , New Jersey , wrote on his popular blog , “ Those who seek to infiltrate the Torah with the three pillars of modern Western life — feminism , egalitarianism , and humanism — corrupt the Torah , cheapen the word of G - d . ”
Even many who cheered Hurwitz ’s initial ordination thought it a blunder .
“ My immediate advice to Avi was just , ‘ Apologize and go back to maharat , ’ ” says a friend .
The announcement looked reckless and unconsidered , and it threatened to destroy the momentum Weiss had built up over the years :
As rabbi , he had insisted on constructing a synagogue space that ensured equal access to the bimah for both genders , passed the Torah to both sides unlike in other Orthodox shuls , introduced women ’s prayer groups despite caustic warnings that he was violating Halacha , and found a way for women to say Kaddish , the prayer for the dead , which normally requires a quorum of ten men .
And for a few months , he had even managed to ordain a woman to what was effectively ( if not precisely ) the highest position within a synagogue .
“ After he got away with the maharat thing , he should have cooled it , ” says Lawrence Schiffman , chair of NYU ’s Judaic - studies department .
“ I did n’t understand , ” says one rabbi who had studied next to Weiss , “ why , after Rabbi Weiss invented a word for what Sara Hurwitz was — a word that did n’t mean anything and did n’t drive anybody crazy — why he ’d switch to a word that he knew would drive everybody up the wall . ”
That was the question everyone was asking :
Why did Weiss change his mind ?
“ I wish he did n’t do it , ” says his friend Howard Jonas .
“ But he loves the Jewish people .
And he ’s a child of the sixties .
He does n’t have the gene to back down . ”
When Weiss was 28 , a few years out of rabbinical training at Yeshiva University , he and 29 families founded a shul in a boiler room of the Whitehall Building off the Henry Hudson Parkway .
The Hebrew Institute of Riverdale has grown over the years — it now has 850 families — and has served as a platform for Weiss ’s rabbinical advocacy .
From the start , he has voiced a commitment to a larger “ congregation ” of Jews beyond his Orthodox brethren .
In 1989 , during a controversy over a convent at the site of Auschwitz , Weiss climbed the fence in protest , and was beaten by Polish workers and dragged out by police .
He repeatedly faulted Mayor David Dinkins for doing too little to protect Jews during the Crown Heights conflagration , at one point carrying a coffin to Gracie Mansion .
He shouted down President Carter at a Queens synagogue ; chased accused Nazi war criminal Kurt Waldheim around the world ; and held up a sign next to David Duke ’s face that read nazi of the ’90s .
“ There are a few who feel that ‘ God has put his hand on my shoulder and said , “ I need you to be an ambassador to the Jewish world , ” ” says Marc D. Angel , Weiss ’s classmate at Yeshiva University and now rabbi emeritus of Congregation Shearith Israel on Central Park West .
“ Avi is one of those kinds of rabbis .
He sees himself not just as a rabbi of a synagogue but as a rabbi responsible for the whole Jewish people . ”
In his 2008 book Spiritual Activism , Weiss wrote , “ I was once involved in activism because I enjoyed it , but now I have come to believe that a true activist is one who takes no pleasure from it .
Now I ’m an activist because I feel I have no choice ; there are things I believe I simply must do . ”
Weiss has had two heart attacks .
He never enjoys a vacation and rarely sits still , except to watch the Yankees .
His wife , Toby , who comes from a Haredi ( right - wing Orthodox ) family , says her husband is particularly preoccupied when he knows someone is suffering — be it a congregant going through a divorce or the victims of a terrorist attack .
After a Jewish community center was bombed in Buenos Aires in 1994 , Toby recalls , Weiss was walking on his treadmill and asked her , “ Should I go ?
I ’m thinking I should go . ”
“ What time is your flight ? ” she replied .
He said , “ Seven o’clock . ”
When she called the cardiologist for his advice , he told her , “ Toby , you know he ’ll have more stress if I tell him he ca n ’t go . ”
Like any Jewish wife , Toby worries .
But her husband gives her good reason .
After Meir Kahane was killed , in 1990 , Weiss received a letter that said , “ Kahane ’s dead ; you ’re next . ”
Another time , a hand grenade arrived in an envelope .
There were several nights that required an NYPD security detail parked outside their apartment .
“ My daughter once said , ‘ I can not wait to get married and get out of here , ’ ” Toby says with a trace of amusement .
“ It was scary to sleep in our house . ”
Toby calls her husband “ the Rabbi ” and chauffeurs him to endless shivah calls and sickbed visits .
He is not a careful dresser , and he ca n’t cook a simple meal .
He forgets to exercise , has never written a check , and loses everything .
It ’s not that Weiss is entirely selfless — he has a robust ego , savvy press instincts , and high - profile friendships .
( Mayor Bloomberg has joined the Weisses for Shabbat , and Natan Sharansky , the Soviet refusenik , made a beeline from Israel to the Weiss home in Riverdale after his release from nine years in the Gulag . )
But Weiss mostly spends his time with those decidedly on the margins : the elderly , the widowed , the infirm , the disabled .
Weiss believes many Jews eschew activism because they ’re convinced it will create an anti-Semitic backlash — that rabbis are supposed to be religious , not political .
But he defiantly wears his prayer shawl to most protests .
“ The greatest sin is not to act , ” he says .
“ When people used to ask me , ‘ Where was God during the Holocaust ? ’ my response was , ‘ Where were we ? ’ ”
This is Weiss ’s core :
He feels deeply and acts unself - consciously — sometimes impetuously , despite eye - rolls from skeptics or chiding from critics , and despite the impact on his family .
During his early fatherhood , he was away constantly .
He now says he regrets having skipped his son Dov ’s eighth - grade graduation to fly to Rome to protest Pope John Paul II ’s reception of Kurt Waldheim .
“ My family paid a price , ” Weiss says quietly .
“ There is no doubt . ”
“ I wish he did n’t do it , ” says a friend .
“ But … he ’s a child of the sixties .
He does n’t have the gene to back down . ”
Dov Weiss , currently working toward his Ph.D. at the University of Chicago , says he ’s made peace with his father ’s choices .
“ My father has apologized on many , many occasions , and he feels bad about it , ” Dov says of his childhood .
“ My response was , ‘ Abba , you were doing important work . ’ ”
But Dov does n’t sugarcoat his father ’s absences , and remembers having to compete for his attention .
“ We always had 25 guests on Shabbat , ” Dov recalls .
He remembers those crowded suppers fondly because they were the only nights he could be sure his father would be present .
In April , Weiss decided to skip this year ’s annual convention of the Rabbinical Council of America , the largest Orthodox rabbinic organization .
Still , he was a powerful presence in the room .
An amendment was circulated that proposed the RCA expel any member who ordained a woman .
It failed in the first round of voting by a margin of one , but another resolution passed unanimously .
After going out of its way to extol strides in women ’s scholarship , it shot down any notion of women rabbis :
“ We cannot accept either the ordination of women or the recognition of women as members of the Orthodox rabbinate , regardless of the title . ”
Weiss has had private conversations with the Rabbinical Council , and they have managed to reach an unstable compromise .
Rabbi Moshe Kletenik , the council ’s president , says that the matter of women rabbis has been settled .
“ We ’ve established firmly as a matter of public policy that a woman cannot be an Orthodox rabbi , ” he says , “ and he has made a commitment that he will not ordain women in the future . ”
“ I ’ve said I will not do it , ” Weiss says wearily .
And yet , Hurwitz is still rabba .
( “ To take back a title , ” Weiss says , “ that ’s a very serious matter . ” )
More to the point , she remains dean of a new women ’s yeshiva , Yeshivat Maharat , which Weiss created last year and whose mission , according to its website , is “ to train women to be fully integrated into the Orthodox community as spiritual leaders . ”
There are four students in the inaugural class , and Weiss has made it clear that he will continue to educate women for leadership , though he is now vague about what their title would be .
To many of the rabbis who rebuked Weiss in April , this new yeshiva is a more extreme rerun of Weiss ’s last act of heresy .
Ten years ago , Weiss resigned from Yeshiva University , which he and all his children had attended , where he had taught for decades , and where Toby had worked for 21 years as head of alumni affairs .
Life at YU had become inhospitable .
Influential rabbis there were contemptuous of Weiss ’s ideas ( including a women ’s prayer group he championed ) and not shy about voicing them , even when his son was in their classrooms .
“ They were calling my dad terrible names , ” Dov recalls .
“ For whatever reason , the heads of YU were not putting a stop to the vitriolic language . ”
Rather than continuing to try to push the school to the left , Weiss decided to found his own .
“ I thought he was crazy , ” says Rabbi Dov Linzer , whom Weiss approached to run the new seminary , Yeshivat Chovevei Torah .
“ There was no other Modern Orthodox rabbinical school in the United States .
How can you start something else that would attract people and be able to compete with YU ? ”
Ten years later , the school ’s graduates are often placed at some of the most prestigious college Hillels and pulpits .
But the RCA does not offer membership to its graduates , several of whom report that they ’ve been maligned by YU associates .
While many Orthodox hard - liners chafe at Chovevei Torah ’s leftward bent , they view Yeshivat Maharat as an existential threat .
Rabbi Hershel Schachter , a revered scholar at YU widely known as the foremost authority on Halacha in the United States , raised eyebrows at the RCA convention when he reportedly put the ordination of women in the category of yehareg ve’al ya’avor , a tenet that literally suggests one should opt for death before violating the law , used by rabbis when referring to acts that are absolutely impermissible .
“ He believes that it is a slippery slope that will lead to the breakdown of traditional Judaism , ” explains Marc B. Shapiro , an expert on Orthodoxy .
Exhibit A for rabbis like Schachter is Conservative Judaism .
“ It ’s a model of what went wrong , ” Shapiro explains .
“ People had a commitment to observance and then made small reforms , and this led to bigger reforms , until Jewish law was almost completely jettisoned as a binding force . ”
The main culprit , many Orthodox rabbis agree , is feminism .
( Indeed , Agudath spokesman Avi Shafran has called Weiss and his allies “ rabba - rousers , ” writing that “ their master seems to be feminism , not Judaism . ” )
“ I think there ’s this preoccupation that Rav Schachter has that anything that might smack of the Conservative movement must be avoided like the plague , ” says Rabbi Shai Held , dean of Yeshivat Hadar in Manhattan .
“ There ’s a tremendous amount of anxiety among religious traditionalists that when you take one step toward egalitarianism , the floodgates are open and everything that seemed self - evident will no longer be .
Men go to work , and women raise children .
If you undermine that , you have lost your whole universe . ”
Shortly after Weiss ’s conversations with the Rabbinical Council , after a nudge from its conservative flank , the RCA ’s first vice - president told the Jewish daily Hamodia that the council “ in no way endorses the title ‘ maharat ’ or the ‘ maharat ’ program under the direction of Rabbi Avi Weiss . ”
Neither side has budged since .
At one recent Friday Shabbat service , Rabbi Weiss sits inconspicuously among his male congregants .
He greets men in black hats and prayer shawls , gripping a hand , squeezing an arm .
On the women ’s side , Sara Hurwitz , dressed a little haphazardly in an ill - fitting skirt , light - blue cardigan , and faux - straw hat with a low brim , chases after her toddler son , Davidi , who is clearly at home careering around the temple .
For the standing prayers , she hoists Davidi up in her left arm while holding the prayer book in her right .
When seated , she lets her son knead her face .
Occasionally , she ambles over to her fellow worshippers sharing the female side of the gender divider — the mechitza — making sure they know which page the cantor is singing from .
During one song , she dances briefly , though not exuberantly , in a small circle of women , including Toby Weiss , while across the partition , Rabbi Weiss , tallis slipping off his shoulder , starts his own congalike procession , snaking around the cramped rows of chairs .
Hurwitz has privately told people she worries about how Weiss ’s championing of her has backfired for him .
She ’s gone so far as to publicly float the possibility of relinquishing her title if it continues to distract .
She nevertheless believes she has earned it .
“ Do I consider myself a religious leader ?
Yes , ” she tells me .
“ I wake up in the morning and help out with a Bris , and then counsel a couple who is going through a difficult time , and then answer a question about Passover , and then teach a class .
I do n’t know what else I am if I ’m not a spiritual leader . ”
Weiss , who stresses that Hurwitz upholds Halacha — she does n’t , for instance , lead services or act as a witness under a wedding canopy — talks of her with a parental protectiveness .
“ Sara deserves the recognition , ” he says .
“ But the right wing is very intimidating and very frightening . ”
Indeed , the controversy has been a lot less invigorating than any of Weiss ’s previous crusades .
“ The world that I ’m dealing with now , the people who are very critical — they ’re not the Turks , they ’re not the Poles , they ’re not the Russians .
They ’re family , ” Weiss says .
“ And in certain ways , it ’s more painful . ”
“ He has internalized this in a very sad way , ” says Rabbi Angel .
“ Many rabbis who he thought would be his natural allies kept quiet .
And I think that ’s a very upsetting thing , when you go out on a limb and nobody ’s there to catch you . ”
Toby has rarely seen her husband so uncomfortable .
“ To see him , for weeks , entrenched in trying to put out the fires , it was very painful , ” she admits .
“ I actually cried one night .
I heard him on the phone with someone , and he said , ‘ I just wish this would go away . ’ ”
But then there are days when Weiss appears steadfast — proud , even .
“ I have a lot of enemies , ” he says .
“ I ’m not happy about it , but I ’m convinced I ’m on the right side of history . ”
He could , of course , simply capitulate to the RCA , shut down Yeshivat Maharat , and withdraw Hurwitz ’s title .
But no one expects that to happen .
“ Anyone who thinks Rabbi Weiss is going to back down on anything does n’t know Rabbi Weiss , ” says Rabbi Saul Strosberg , one of his former students .
His fiercest critics agree .
“ He basically gave up that one name , rabba , ” says Agudath ’s Avi Shafran .
“ Big deal .
It was a superficial change — just a paint job .
I admire him for that :
So far , he ’s stuck to his guns .
Though I ’d admire him even more if he gave up his guns altogether . ”
Many of his allies suspect Weiss is biding his time — until the squall is behind him , more women complete Hurwitz ’s level of scholarship , and he must decide whether to ordain his female graduates in three years .
“ His retraction or ‘ backing up ’ or whatever you want to call it does n’t mean that he ’s going to stop pushing the envelope , ” says Reform rabbi Ellenson .
“ I ’m sure it ’s not over for him .
This community is going to have to wrestle with the reality that women are capable of deep learning and leading .
This horse has run out of the barn . ”
I remind her that Weiss pledged not to confer the title of rabba again .
“ My response to that is , ‘ He is n’t going to do it again , ’ ” she says , “ ‘ until he does it again . ’ ”
Vice President Joe Biden Joe BidenPrivacy , civil rights groups demand transparency from Amazon on election data breaches Facebook takes down Trump campaign ads tying refugees to coronavirus Trump crowd chants ' lock her up ' about Omar as president warns of refugees in Minnesota MORE trotted out a new line of attack against Republicans on Thursday , terming the nation 's economic difficulties the " Bush recession . "
The vice president sought to explicitly link the recession plaguing many Americans to President George W. Bush as Democrats ramp up their attacks on the previous administration .
" There 's never enough until we 've restored the 8 million jobs lost in the Bush recession , " Biden said on NBC's " Today " show when asked if the administration had done enough to address unemployment .
" Until that happens it does n't matter — it matters , but it 's not enough . "
Democrats have increasingly invoked Bush in their campaign messaging , sensing that blaming the former Republican president helps explain why so many problems have n't been resolved despite over a year and a half of Democratic control of government .
They also use Bush as a shorthand for the kind of policies that , Democrats warn , GOP lawmakers and candidates would revive if they were given power in November 's elections .
ADVERTISEMENT
Another top Democrat , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( Calif . ) , has said that there is essentially no limit to how long Democrats could credibly invoke Bush , as long as hangover effects from his presidency plague the U.S.
" Well , it runs out when the problems go away , " Pelosi said in early June when asked if there was a limit to how long Democrats could blame Bush .
The former president , who 's stayed largely out of the public spotlight since leaving office and avoided strong criticism of President Obama , is likely to become only more of an election - year issue , as well .
Lawmakers have still yet to determine the fate of the tax cuts Bush sought during his administration , which are set to expire at the end of the year .
The former president 's memoir is set for release a week after the election , as well , meaning that any excerpts that might leak before then could cause a political firestorm on the campaign trail so close to Election Day .
Still , Biden told the still - large number of jobless Americans to " keep the faith " when it comes to finding employment in the shifting economy .
" My message is keep the faith .
We are moving in the right direction , " Biden said when asked what his message to the jobless was .
" We are not going to let you go without food or basic services .
That is not going to happen in this country , in this administration . "
As you probably already know the biggest challenge in finding the ‘ best ’ in anything , whether a product or service in Singapore depends on your particular needs and circumstances .
In most cases , the ‘ best ’ option is purely subjective .
What might be best for your friends might not be the ‘ best ’ for you and vice - verse .
Unfortunately , sales people keep throwing out the phrase ‘ the best ’ like its meaning is readily understood .
This can lead to lots of confusion .
If you are looking to choosing the best roller blinds in Singapore , you need to pay close attention to the following subjective and very particular factors .
What kind of space do you need roller blinds for ?
There is a big difference between indoor and outdoor spaces as far as roller blinds are concerned .
In many cases , people use this type of blinds for inner spaces to cover window spaces during certain times of the day .
Roller blinds are very effective in cutting down glare and interior room heat especially in Singapore where the weather is hot all year round .
Unlike venetian blinds , you only need to roll up your roller blinds when the sun its brightest and you can roll it down once the sun ’s glare has passed .
Many homeowners prefer roller blinds to venetian blinds because of light input .
Venetian blinds tend to block more light even when you open them fully .
Also , many homeowners like the unobstructed views they get with this kind of blinds .
Very often , roller blinds are also used as outdoor blinds for balconies .
What kind of material looks best with your interior decoration ?
Another key factor you should consider when picking out these window covering is the material .
Some materials are too thick .
Others are simply too thin and do n’t do a good enough job of blocking out the sun .
Also , certain blind materials may become brittle after a few years .
You also need to factor in durability when looking for the best option .
How heavy should your blinds be ?
Some homeowners prefer somewhat heavier materials for their blinds because they feel this gives them more balance and control when rolling their blinds up or down .
This is quite a concerns for some homeowners because roller blinds made of certain light materials roll up too quickly .
As a result , the blinds feel very flimsy or does n’t give one the impression that the blinds are durable .
What kind of construction should your blinds be ?
When you are looking to use roller blinds in Singapore for a big window panel or a big area , you might want to use more than one panel .
Splitting up the assembly among two or more panels make it easier to roll up your blinds .
Also , sticking to one large assembly might be too heavy and put too much stress on the blinds ’ mechanical assembly .
However , splitting up your assembly into too many blinds can become unwieldy and might look awkward .
You have to seriously balance ease of operation , weight , and appearance .
Keep the questions above in mind when trying to determine which roller blind option and designs is the best for your particular situation .
By using these questions , you increase your chances of making an informed decision you wo n’t regret in the future .
Companies that deal in shady free gift card offers have managed to game Google 's sponsored search results so they can pass themselves off as representing the official sites of such huge brands as Walmart , Best Buy , McDonald 's and Hooters , among others , PCWorld has found .
Google shut down the accounts responsible for the deception when PCWorld approached the search giant this week .
Google representatives would n't disclose how they were tricked into accepting the ads , which violate their guidelines .
But a source within the advertising industry familiar with this type of scheme said he suspects that the rogue company or companies involved knew the Internet Protocol addresses used by the Google employees charged with checking the validity of new ads .
( The source asked not to be identified to protect his position in the industry . )
Using that information , the company could show Google employees one site , while anyone from the general public who clicked the sponsored link woulf go to a different page .
( Click the image of the bogus Best Buy - sponsored link below to see the free gift card site that it led to . )
The failure of Google to detect the bogus ads should disturb consumers , says online marketing expert Ben Edelman , an assistant professor at Harvard Business School .
" These ads are clearly attempting to deceive the consumer into thinking the offers are from Best Buy or whatever the brand , " Edelman says .
" A free gift card scam is innocuous relative to the harm that could be done by spoofing a financial institution . "
But , Edelman says , " If Best Buy can be spoofed , why ca n't Bank of America ? "
Google spokesperson Jim Prosser says that several advertisers ' accounts had immediately been shut down as a result of PCWorld 's inquiries .
" We have engineering teams and systems that work to proactively prevent violations of our advertising policies , and we work quickly to review , suspend , or remove ads when we are notified of potential violations , " Prosser says .
" That 's what we 've done with the accounts you 've mentioned .
We also take strong action to inform authorities , and have taken legal action ourselves against scams that attempt to trick users . "
PCWorld attempted to contact the companies listed on the gift card offers that we found over the course of this investigation .
The companies listed on the ads were Better - Gifts.net , DirectSurveySolutions.com , Tester - Rewards.com , eSolutionsMedia.net , FoodCritic101.com , I - Deal Direct , and Top Notch Media .
Only Top Notch Media -- which was tied to free gift card offers associated with bogus Google ads for the brands Hooters , Ikea , and Whole Foods Market - - replied to our inquiries .
The company 's e-mail response states : " We have identified this traffic partner and subsequently terminated this traffic source to all of our Topnotch - media.com websites .
Please note this ad placement is in violation of our traffic agreement and we do not want traffic generated in this manner . "
The company did not identify the " traffic partner " involved .
Why are free gift card offers a danger to Web consumers ?
Because they 're often used to convince people to give out valuable personal information - - data that they sell to marketers who use it to inundate the unlucky consumers with targeted advertising .
In many cases , the consumers never receive the gift card that they thought they were in line for .
If the offers come from large brands that people trust , individuals are likely to be more inclined to participate .
Google specifically bans free gift card offers from sponsored search ads , Prosser says .
The Better Business Bureau has warned consumers about them , and Walmart tells its customers that such offers are a " scam . "
Deceptive Links
The gift card deception took advantage of a common practice by big retailers .
The marketing companies know that many Web users who do n't know the exact address of a company 's Website will search for it in Google , using the company 's name as the search term .
To ensure that searchers find their main site , reputable companies like Walmart or Best Buy may pay Google to have a sponsored link to their site appear at the top of search results for their name .
For instance , Visa purchased the top Sponsored Link when you run a search for " Visa " on Google , delivering an ad that reads " Visa Official Site . "
Clicking the ad takes you to Visa 's corporate home on the Internet .
But this past week , similar queries on Google 's search engine for major brands delivered sponsored ads that claimed to link to official big - brand sites , but in fact led to sites that had no connection to the brands listed .
For example , when I searched for " Best Buy " on Google from Boston on Monday , the top sponsored ad accompanying the search resuls was headed " Best Buy Official Site " and displayed its URL as " www.BestBuy.com " ; but when I clicked the ad , I was taken to a site called Tester - Rewards.com , which used the Best Buy logo to promote a " free " $ 1000 Best Buy gift card promotion not authorized by Best Buy .
Search results varied depending on where the person submitting the search request was located .
PCWorld spotted bogus Google Sponsored Link ads through searches in a number of different East Coast cities .
Identical searches undertaken in other parts of the United States did n't deliver the same results .
Advertisers can target sponsored links shown in Google search results to certain areas of the country or the world .
Best Buy says that Tester - Rewards.com is not affiliated with it in any way .
Tester - Rewards.com did not reply to repeated requests for comment for this story .
In the fine print below the Best Buy offer , Tester - Rewards.com offers this disclaimer : " Tester - Rewards.com is not affiliated with Best Buy ... "
Clearly the ads would not have been allowed if Google had understood how they operated .
Prosser says that it 's impermissible for a Google AdWords ad to claim to be the link to an official company Website and then deliver you to an unrelated site .
( Click the image below of a bogus Walmart Official Site ad to see the gift card page that it led to . )
A man in his early 20s was killed Saturday when he accidentally shot himself in the head while driving on the Northeast Side , police said .
The man was driving a blue SUV along FM 1976 near Eisenhauer Road with two friends just after 6 p.m. when he unexpectedly pointed the weapon at his head and made a comment in jest before pulling the trigger , police said .
Or we could send an army of Vorcha .
They breed like rabbits and are willingly throwing themselves at something if it means killing it .
It also only seems appropriate since both Male Shepard and the Vorcha are voiced by Mark Meer .
A Chinese city has ordered police to shoot to kill anyone attempting to harm school students following a spate of violent attacks against children that have stunned the nation , state press said .
The south - west municipality of Chongqing , a city of more than 30 million people , issued the order after China 's public security ministry called for stepped - up security around schools and kindergartens nationwide .
" The police have clear regulations in these odious cases where direct attacks occurring at or in the vicinity of schools have injured students or children , " the Chongqing Evening News reported .
" If they cannot contain the violent acts , police can shoot to kill in accordance with the law . "
The order comes after a series of attacks on children last week .
On Friday , a farmer armed with a hammer injured five children and a teacher at a primary school in the eastern province of Shandong before setting himself on fire .
A day earlier , a jobless man , apparently angry over a series of personal and professional setbacks , slashed 29 children and three adults at a kindergarten in the eastern city of Taixing armed with a knife used for slaughtering pigs .
That attack came two days after a 33 - year - old teacher placed on sick leave for mental problems injured 15 students and a teacher in a knife attack at a primary school in southern China 's Guangdong province .
On that same day authorities in Fujian province in the south - east executed a former doctor for stabbing to death eight children and injuring five others in March in a fit of rage after he broke up with his girlfriend .
The attacks underscore how China , which has enjoyed lower violent crime rates than the West , faces a growing public safety threat from disgruntled individuals amid rising mental illness rates and looser social controls .
- AFP
The Food Standards Agency is to be abolished by Andrew Lansley , the health secretary , it emerged last night , after the watchdog fought a running battle with industry over the introduction of colour - coded " traffic light " warnings for groceries , TV dinners and snacks .
The move has sparked accusations that the government has " caved in to big business " .
As part of the changes Lansley will reassign the FSA 's regulatory aspects – including safety and hygiene – to the Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs ( Defra ) .
Its responsibilities for nutrition , diet and public health will be incorporated into the Department of Health .
" The functions of the FSA will be subsumed into the Department of Health and Defra , " a source told Reuters .
Andrew Burnham , Labour 's health spokesman , said : " Getting rid of the FSA is the latest in a number of worrying steps that show Andrew Lansley caving in to the food industry .
It does raise the question whether the health secretary wants to protect the public health or promote food companies . "
Tam Fry of the National Obesity Forum , said it was " crazy " to dismember the FSA .
" It had a hugely important role in improving the quality of foodstuffs in Britain and it was vital to have at the centre of government a body that championed healthy food .
This appears just the old Conservative party being the political wing of business , " Fry said .
Tom MacMillan of the Food Ethics Council , said : " The agency was set up to earn public trust after a succession of food scares .
Its wobbles , like the latest row over GM foods , have come when that commitment has wavered .
Any departments absorbing the FSA 's role should heed that lesson carefully , doing even more to invite scrutiny and banish the slightest whiff of secrecy , or the new government could face another BSE . "
Patrick Holden , director of the Soil Association , the organic food standard - bearer , which had several run-ins with the first FSA chair Lord Krebs on the issue , said : " Many NGOs campaigning on food thought for a long time the food industry has an unhealthy degree of influence over the Department of Health so the great risk is the corporate vested interests of the food industry will have too strong an influence on future policy . "
In its green paper on health last year , the Conservatives said they would scale back the role and remit of the FSA and place the independent watchdog under ministerial control .
Last night the Department of Health would only confirm the FSA was " under review " .
For the past four years the FSA , which was set up to protect consumers after the BSE crisis , has been at the centre of a regulatory battle that has pitted big food companies against consumer groups and public health professionals , with both sides accusing each other of misinformation campaigns and excessive lobbying .
The FSA has led calls for the Europe - wide introduction of a traffic light system that required food companies to label the front of their products with red , amber or green symbols to denote the amounts of fat , saturated fat , salt and sugar contained per serving .
The agency , which employs 2,000 staff and spends £ 135 m a year , said this was the best way to allow Europe 's increasingly obese shoppers to make informed decisions about the food they bought .
The British Medical Association , British Dietetic Association and British Heart Foundation are among health groups that supported the scheme .
The FSA had also found some support among supermarkets .
Although Tesco has resisted the scheme , it has been adopted by some high street rivals including J Sainsbury and Marks & Spencer .
But traffic light labelling was buried by the European parliament last month , when MEPs backed a rival system favoured by multinationals such as Nestlé , Kraft and Danone .
The industry advocated " guideline daily amounts " , a system that listed percentages of recommended daily allowances included in each serving .
The food industry spent an estimated £ 830 m on lobbying to stop the traffic lights scheme , which enjoyed a level of popularity with consumers because it was relatively easy to understand .
A spokesman for cereal manufacturer Kellogg 's said : " The FSA has done a very good job in terms of food safety and science but there was a feeling that perhaps its role was becoming far too broad .
We welcome the prospect of a more consensual partnership which will have many positive benefits . "
Lansley said on the BBC that he was not in favour of " lecturing , nannying people or constantly legislating or taxing people " .
Responding to calls for a crackdown on junk food from Terence Stephenson , president of the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health , Lansley said a cross - government cabinet sub -committee was focused on public health .
Critics noted that the end of the FSA was floated days after the health secretary offered a pact with the food industry .
In a deal outlined last week , Lansley publicly asked big business to fund the government 's advertising campaign to persuade people to switch to a healthier lifestyle – and in return it would not face legislation outlawing excessively fatty , sugary and salty food .
Lansley said that he would be cutting out £ 1bn of savings in " bureaucracy " and that in the last seven years the costs of red tape in the NHS had doubled .
He said he was seeking nearly £ 190 m a year in savings from independent agencies to spend elsewhere in the NHS on top of an £ 850 m crackdown on management costs .
Today in a white paper he will set out a radical agenda for the NHS in the biggest shake - up since its creation in 1948 .
The minister will set out plans to give foundation hospitals freedoms to borrow , free from Treasury restrictions and have more private sector involvement in health .
Controversially , he will allow GPs to spend billions of pounds of taxpayers ' money on behalf of patients who will be able to rank and choose local hospitals and private providers on their " mortality rates " .
But a thinktank said evidence suggesting GPs will be more effective than health trusts at commissioning NHS services was " weak " .
A report by Civitas said the government 's plans would lead to a " one - year dip " in performance in the NHS .
The white paper will promise a greater focus than before on the outcomes of treatment and will require doctors to keep data on their own performance .
Lansley said he wanted to match other European countries , claiming that 20,000 lives could be saved every year if cancer and stroke care matched the European best .
" We will get rid of the top - down process targets which get in the way improving patient care .
Only by focusing on results for patients will survival rates improve to the level that they should be , " he said .
FSA
The non-ministerial government department was created in 2000 after a number of high - profile outbreaks and deaths from foodborne illness .
After the collapse in public trust triggered by the BSE crisis , civil servants within the then Ministry of Agriculture Food and Fisheries were perceived as having put the interests of producers ahead of those of consumers .
It was felt that it was inappropriate – and dangerous – to have one government department responsible for both the health of the farming and food processing industries and also food safety .
The consumer group Which ?
had lobbied for an independent food watchdog and scrutinised its performance over the last 10 years , noting its low points as well as its achievements .
The bloated body ran into controversy about the health claims of organic food and even the role of GM foods while criticised for expensive and questionable research and public consultation exercises .
It tried to be open to scrutiny with " open board meetings " available for public viewing on the web and even award - winning health advertising campaigns had a short lifespan , with budgets axed .
Ultimately , it was the FSA 's difficult relationship with the powerful food industry which undermined its effectiveness and claims to be independent , after manufacturers successfully lobbied in Europe to put an end to its attempt to secure a universal system of " traffic light labelling " for food and drink products .
Rebecca Smithers
Mauritania ’s Manuscripts
From Saudi Aramco World
By Louis Werner
One could easily lose something precious in Mauritania ’s million square kilometers ( 398,000 sq mi ) of dune fields and rocky steppes , stretching north from the Senegal River and east from the Atlantic into the Sahara ’s most desolate corners .
Nomadic encampments are few , villages are far between , and the wind blows inexorably from the west , scattering all that comes before it .
But Ahmad Ould Mohamed Yahya , director of manuscripts at the Institut Mauritanien de Recherche Scientifique ( IRMS ) in Nouakchott , believes it is not a fluke that something precious should recently have been found in the small town of Boutilimit , some 150 kilometers ( 95 mi ) east of the capital city of Nouakchott : the world ’s only known complete manuscript of a work on grammar by the great Spanish - Arab physician and philosopher Ibn Rushd , known in the West as Averroës .
This find , so far from the Mediterranean basin , means that historians must rethink just how far Ibn Rushd ’s writings and influence extended into the Arab hinterland .
Mauritania is known throughout the Arab world — but hardly at all in the West — for its enormously rich heritage of Arabic manuscripts , many brought from the Arab East by pilgrims returning from Makkah , some recopied from those imported sources by students in the Qur’an schools that once flourished throughout the country , and others composed by Mauritania ’s own jurists , poets and historians .
“ The traditions of scholarship in Mauritania during the past three centuries , albeit profoundly linked to the medieval epoch , are probably the richest in West Africa , ” says Charles Stewart of the University of Illinois at Champaign - Urbana , an expert on the country ’s early modern history .
“ They compare favorably with [ those of ] Maghribi societies of an earlier date . ”
Adds Muhammad Shahab Ahmed , a historian of Arab philosophy and a fellow at Harvard University , “ The fact that the only existing copy of a work by Averroës has been preserved in Mauritania is a remarkable illustration of the southern migration of the scholarly corpus of al - Andalus and the Maghrib ” — Muslim Spain and North Africa .
Ahmad Ould Mohamed has been traveling throughout Mauritania for more than 20 years , visiting private libraries , cataloguing their contents and exhorting their keepers to safeguard their written treasures .
“ I have already seen almost 200 private libraries , some just a humble stack of pages , others quite fantastic assemblies of learning .
I think I have about 100 more to go before I have seen them all .
And before then I would not be surprised to find another rare manuscript comparable with that of Ibn Rushd . ”
The Averroës work is called Al - Daruri fi Sina ’at al - Nahw , or What Is Necessary in the Making of Grammar , and was part of the family library of the young businessman Baba Ould Haroune Cheikh Sidiyya .
“ I am a librarian by accident , ” he says modestly , but he is certainly more than that .
The library was established by his ancestor Cheikh Sidiyya al - Kabir ( 1774 –1868 ) and added to by subsequent family savants , book collectors and writers .
Stewart has called this library “ a culmination of the known and studied Islamic sciences in West Africa on the eve of European penetration . ”
After the death of his father , Haroune , in 1978 , Ould Haroune immersed himself in manuscript conservation work , assisting in Stewart ’s cataloging of the library , helping the government establish a policy on the protection of the nation ’s cultural heritage , editing and publishing the critical edition of the Averroës manuscript and now editing his father ’s own work , a multivolume historical encyclopedia of Mauritania .
“ Whenever I travel in other Arab countries , ” he says , “ I just have to say one word — Mauritania — and everyone wants to talk to me about our manuscripts .
The mere subject opens up for me so many intellectual doors in foreign capitals .
The manuscripts are truly our country ’s calling cards . ”
The great Egyptian man of letters Taha Hussein was not the only Arab from the East to recognize Mauritanians ’ special affinity for collecting manuscripts .
In his autobiography Al - Ayyam , translated as Stream of Days , he remembers a well - known Mauritanian scholar at al - Azhar , the great Cairo university , Muhammad Mahmoud Ould T’lamid of Chinguetti , a town in Mauritania ’s northern Adrar region .
“ The older students mentioned a certain Shaykh al - Shinquity , ” he wrote , “ as a friend and protégé of the imam .
This outlandish name made an odd impression on the boy , and odder still were the eccentric ways and unconventional ideas which made this shaykh a laughingstock to some and a bugbear to others … .
They nicknamed him “ the passionate Moroccan ” and told of the wealth of manuscripts he possessed , together with printed books not only from Egypt but from Europe , despite which he spent most of his time reading or copying in the National Library . ”
Ould T’lamid was also a friend of Ould Haroune ’s grandfather , Cheikh Sidiyya Baba , and the Boutilimit library contains correspondence between the two , including requests to write commentaries on each other ’s books .
It is still a sore point for many Mauritanians that after Ould T’lamid ’s death , his personal library was absorbed into Egypt ’s National Library rather than returned to his homeland .
To browse through the 7000 - item IRMS collection is to catch but a glimpse of the country ’s entire archive , thought to number near 40,000 manuscripts , about three quarters of them written or recopied locally and the remainder brought from Fez , Tunis , Cairo and beyond .
The oldest work is a 10th - century copy of al - Mas‘udi ’s world history Muruj al - Dahab wa Ma’adin al - Jawhar ( Meadows of Gold and Treasures of Jewels ) , written on gazelle skin .
There are such basic texts as the Sahih al - Bukhari , a standard collection of hadith ( the authenticated practices and statements of the Prophet ) , copied and dated in the year 1872 by Hassan ibn Muhammad al - Sirfin , and a copy of the great pre-Islamic poets ’ works produced in the 18th century by Asnid Ould Muhammad Najim in a fine Mauritanian script .
Unlike North and West Africa , home of such great “ library cities ” as Tunis , Fez and Timbuktu , Mauritania never had large sedentary population centers .
Its four historical caravan towns , Chinguetti , Wadan , Walata and Tichitt , all now UNESCO - designated World Heritage Sites , are and probably always were somewhat removed from the hustle and bustle of great urban intellectual enterprise .
Nonetheless , they are all old towns , and their people are proud of their libraries .
Wadan even claims that its name comes from the dual form of the word wadi , meaning that it was a town of two valleys — a literal valley of palm trees and a figurative valley of scholars .
Tichitt has a new manuscript conservation center which , when its staff is fully trained , will work with an 18 - person association of private library keepers in nearby Tidjikja In Walata , a team of Spanish urban preservationists has just completed a UNESCO assignment to repair the town and stabilize its economic base .
Chinguetti holds the country ’s greatest claim to fame .
In fact , for many centuries , all of Mauritania was known in the Arab East as bilad shinqit , “ the land of Chinguetti , ” although the term did not appear in any of the great medieval Arab geographies .
Mauritania ’s most famous modern writer , Ahmad ibn al - Amin al - Shinqiti ( 1863 –1913 ) , in his geographical and literary compendium Al - Wasit , wrote lovingly of his hometown ’s special charm .
Today the town is something of a showcase for private library conservation , and the French especially have lavished much attention on its first steps forward in this regard .
Four family libraries there — the Al Habot , the Al Ahmad Mahmoud , the Al Hamoni , and the Ould Ahmad Sherif — are all quite well organized , catalogued and open for both scholarly and tourist visits .
In fact , much of the town ’s income today comes from such visits .
The Al Habot library is the best known and most thoroughly catalogued .
Established in the 18th century by Sidi Muhammad Ould Habot ( 1784 –1869 ) , a descendant of Islam ’s first caliph , Abu Bakr , it grew through wholesale acquisitions of libraries elsewhere in North Africa as well as by copying locally available books .
Now holding some 2000 manuscripts , the collection spans the period from the year 1088 , with the only known complete copy of Granadan author Abu Hilal al - Askari ’s Tashih al - Wujuh wa al - Naza ’ir ( The Correction of Appearances and Views ) , to the year 1980 , with a more humble manuscript written in ballpoint pen on lined paper : Taqrir Hawla al - Maktaba Al Habot , a history of the library by the current keeper ’s great - uncle .
The library of Ould Ahmad Sherif is a more humble affair , guarded by the aged notary public Muhammad Judu ’ , who unlocks its creaky door in a mud-plastered backalley courtyard with a toothbrush - shaped wooden key .
Ceiling panels of plaited palm fronds permit only a shadowy half - light to enter the room , whose shelves contain cardboard conservation boxes , numbered into the 600’s , in which the manuscripts are held .
The library ’s core holdings were acquired in the 14th century in Tunis during a buying trip by the library ’s founder , Ahmad Sherif .
One work on gazelle skin , the Sharh Mouta ’ Malik ( Explanation of a Royal Footstep ) by Abd al - Baqi al - Zirqani , is thought to be in
the author ’s own hand , making it a particular rarity .
The Al Ahmad Mahmoud library is kept by an energetic teacher named Saif al - Islam , who maintains a public reading room of modern books and magazines ( including a few back issues of Saudi Aramco World ) for Chinguetti ’s youngsters next to the historical collection , which contains some 400 manuscripts and 1400 documents related to local family history .
Saif al - Islam has a keen curiosity about how and why the written word travels so easily .
“ Our library has a Hebrew prayer book , and I was told that the Kremlin ’s library has a manuscript from here , ” he says .
“ How both got to their respective shelves I can only wonder . ”
Despite the intellectual capital of these town libraries , Mauritania ’s scholarly strength has always been at the grassroots — “ en brousse , ” as they say in French — in the itinerant schools and rural lectures known as mahadhras , organized by charismatic teachers and scholars always on the move .
Ahmad Ould Mohamed of the imrs received his baccalaureate degree on the strength of a mahadhra - based education alone , and with it he entered directly into law school .
“ I was the best prepared in my class , ” he says .
One cannot overemphasize how important mahadhras once were to the education of Mauritania ’s scholarly elite — and to the dissemination of books .
“ Mahadhra professors were both printing presses and teachers , ” says Ould Mohamed .
“ They had their students recopy manuscripts as assignments , and since their students were not just the young , but sometimes already well - educated adults who thirsted for higher learning , these copies contained marginal notes and commentaries of importance to our local intellectual history . ”
The future of mahadhras is very much uncertain , however .
A national conference was recently held that extolled their legacy but worried about their long - term survival .
Pessimists note how many have closed in recent years , but others believe that mahadhras can “ reclaim ” frustrated dropouts from standard primary schooling , precisely because they provide one - to - one teaching of customized curricula , with students grouped together by interest and aptitude , not by age .
The example of former minister of justice Muhammad Salem Ould Abd al - Wedoud is frequently cited to show how the mahadhra system might be successfully modernized by providing esteemed professors and a reliable schedule .
Ould Abd al - Wedoud teaches in several locations in the countryside and in Nouakchott , and his classes attract top Mauritanian candidates as well as students from elsewhere in North Africa , Pakistan and beyond .
The American teacher Hamza Yusef , who recently advised the White House on American Muslim affairs , studied at a mahadhra such as this .
His Zaytuna Institute of Islamic Studies in California is modeled at least partly on his experience in Mauritania .
Closely tied to mahadhra education is a literary genre that thrived in Mauritania over the last three centuries : the nawazil , or collection of legal cases presented in question - and - answer format , usually pertaining to the country ’s predominant Maliki school of law .
Dedoud Ould Abdallah , a professor in the Faculté des Lettres at the University of Nouakchott , was recently in the IMRS library examining a rare copy of the nawazil of the 19th - century Mauritanian jurist Abdurrahman ibn Muhammad ibn Talb N’buya al - Walati , a native of Walata .
“ I am looking for variations between this copy and another I have previously consulted , ” he said , “ to help clear up a historical discrepancy .
Copyists frequently made mistakes in the main text , but it is very instructive to have their own marginal notes as a guide . ”
Ould Abdallah notes that the poor physical condition of many manuscripts does not always reflect poor storage practices .
“ These manuscripts were read , handled and transported over the years by many students in the bush , ” he says .
“ That some were used to the point of near destruction is only natural , just as it is natural that the same students who read them should have recopied them time and time again . ”
Mohameden Ould Ahmad Salem is a young self - taught calligrapher who recently published his university thesis on the history and development of Mauritanian scripts .
“ Many people think Mauritanian scripts are purely derivative of Maghribi styles , ” he says , “ but this is not so .
At a very early period , we adopted Andalusi calligraphy , which in Morocco developed into Maghribi , but we went our own way with it .
“ Historians said that Andalusi script had long ago disappeared , but the more I looked at Mauritanian scripts , the more they looked like Andalusi .
If you compare an Andalusi manuscript from the 12th century and a Mauritanian manuscript from the 19th century , they are so close in style that they could be by the same calligrapher . ”
The first manuscript known to have been written in Mauritania , according to Salem , is a collection of advice on how to apply the Almoravid law code , titled Al - Ishara fi Tadbir al - Imara , by Imam al - Hadrami , who died in 1097 .
It is now in the Abd al - Mu’min library in Tichitt , copied in fine Andalusi calligraphy .
By comparison , he continues , the second - oldest local work is a book on jurisprudence by Sidi Muhammad ibn Ahmad Abu Bakr al - Wadani , who died in 1527 .
It is written in a uniquely Mauritanian style called legrayda , meaning “ lobed , ” because of its rounded edges .
Of the four main scripts used in Mauritania , legrayda is closest to Andalusi , and the most common , as it was suited to fast , small and compact copying .
“ Paper was a rarity back then , ” Salem explains .
“ In the National Museum you can see the cannon recovered from a 16th - century Portuguese ship that went aground on our northern coast .
We know that same ship also carried a supply of writing paper from Ceuta [ on Morocco ’s Mediterranean coast ] that was salvaged by local scribes .
The Mauritanian jurist Muhammad al - Yadali mentions it in one of his works . ”
The other Mauritanian scripts are mushafi , an ornamental style for title pages , poetry and the Qur’an ; mashriqi , similar to the thuluth style of the Arab East , with floating adornments and sometimes outlined letters filled in with gold ; and sudani , a simple , bold student style , similar to kufi with its angular lines and wide - nibbed penstrokes .
Salem recently addressed the First International Conference on Mauritanian Manuscripts convened by the Project for the Protection and Development of Mauritanian Cultural Heritage , an undertaking financed by the World Bank and headed by Mohamed Haibetna Ould Sidi Haiba .
The project aims to coordinate the efforts of international conservation agencies — including UNESCO , the Al - Furqan Islamic Heritage Foundation established by Ahmad Zaki Yamani of Saudi Arabia , and the Bibliothèque Nationale of France — with the work that is spearheaded locally by imrs , the University of Nouakchott and others .
Ould Sidi Haiba sets forth an ambitious plan to build manuscript conservation labs throughout the country .
One major hurdle to clear remains the unwillingness of many keepers of family libraries to part with their manuscripts even for the short time it would take to fumigate them against termites and stabilize their damaged paper .
Many individuals see their manuscripts as a multigenerational trust which should never leave the family ’s hands .
To illustrate this feeling , he tells the folktale of Sidi Abdullah Ould al - Haj Ibrahim , a pilgrim from Tidjikja who went to Makkah riding a full - blooded Arabian stallion that he had sworn he would never sell .
In Cairo , however , he came upon a unique manuscript he could only obtain by trading his precious mount for it .
When he returned home , his friends were amazed that he no longer had his horse .
“ Where is it ? ” they asked .
“ My stallion has been turned into a book , ” he answered — and that was explanation enough in Tidjikja .
Even though controlled central storage may be essential when the holding conditions in home libraries are inadequate , many individual owners prefer to risk their manuscripts ’ continued deterioration rather than hand them over to others .
Forming local associations of private library keepers who agree to pool their collections , and thus create a critical mass of historical value , is another aim of the project .
With reason , Ould Sidi Haiba fears that when the day comes that Mauritania ’s manuscripts have deteriorated so far that they can no longer be read , recopied or even catalogued , they will become the latest addition to his country ’s “ literature of memory ” — folktales , tribal poetry , and genealogies — as examples of what his project calls “ intangible ” cultural heritage .
One of the country ’s most famous literary works is the Rihla , or Travels , of the marvelously named Ahmad Ould T’wayr al - Janna , Son of the Little Bird of Paradise .
Between 1829 and 1834 , he traveled from his hometown of Wadan to Makkah and back .
With most of his adventures behind him , and after having been comically mistaken for the king of Mauritania by the British governor - general of Gibraltar , Ould T’wayr al - Janna arrived in Marrakech as the guest of the sultan .
His experience there underscores just how deeply all Mauritanians treasure the written word .
“ He gave much money so that I could buy books in Fez , ” wrote Ould T’wayr al - Janna .
“ We returned to Fez and there , God be praised , we bought with that money all the heart could desire .
My son told Sultan Moulay Abd al - Rahman of the quantity of books I had bought .
He was amazed at that , and he said to him , ‘ God has granted you a miracle , something quite out of the ordinary . ’ ”
But when the report came back that some scholars of Fez , grumbling that a Mauritanian was buying the best on the market , refused to sell Ould T ’ wayr al - Janna more manuscripts , the sultan himself intervened , making sure “ we could buy what our hearts desired . ”
A caravan of 30 camels was hired to take his acquisitions back to Wadan .
“ By God , ” he concluded , “ there have been seen on the trip many kinds of hopes and goals wished for and sought after , and many boons and favors granted . ”
Mauritania ’s Arabic manuscripts are the legacy of such visionary collectors as Ahmad , Son of the Little Bird of Paradise , and Taha Hussein ’s Shaykh al - Shinquity .
It is not easy to fill their shoes , but their countrymen today — men like Baba Ould Haroune from Boutilimit and Ahmad Ould Mohamed of the IMRS — are doing what they can to ensure that Mauritanian readers of tomorrow will always have original sources to consult and original works from which to learn their national history .
I tend to think of making fun of Sarah Palin as pretty old hat .
I mean , she has to say something pretty silly at this point to make me take notice .
But last night she went on O’Reilly to rail on the president for not getting the oil leak at the bottom of the Gulf of Mexico stopped .
And when pressed on just how he was supposed to do that by all of people Bill O’Reilly , Palin said Obama had really blown it by not reaching out to the Dutch since they proved themselves so good at building dikes and sluices and dams to reclaim land from the sea .
Which when you think about it is pretty much the same thing as capping an oil gusher a mile underwater .
Video after the jump .
Mary Jo Banken ,573-882-6212 , BankenM@missouri.edu
COLUMBIA , Mo. ­—
Officials from the University of Missouri have completed their investigation into the cause of the explosion at Schweitzer Hall that occurred on Monday , June 28 .
The explosion occurred in the laboratory of Judy Wall , professor of biochemistry , during a routine setup of a microbiological anaerobic growth chamber .
Wall and her team of researchers study anaerobic bacteria , or bacteria that cannot live in the presence of oxygen .
The bacteria are able to convert toxic metals , such as uranium and other heavy metals , to less toxic forms .
Wall ’s research is extremely valuable to environmental agencies working to clean sites contaminated with radioactive materials or other toxic metals .
Because of the bacteria ’s intolerance to oxygen , scientists must create just the right environment to study them .
Wall ’s team studies the bacteria in chambers that are roughly 2 cubic meters in volume .
Standard operating procedures for establishing the anaerobic environment calls for the use of nitrogen to fill the chamber .
Then , small amounts of hydrogen are introduced into the chamber to remove any remaining oxygen by combining to form water .
Prior to the explosion , hydrogen was prematurely introduced into the chamber and reached an explosive level .
Investigators concluded that the gas was ignited by a source inside the chamber .
Two factors contributed to hydrogen being introduced prematurely into the chamber :
Following a check for leaks in the hydrogen gas lines , the valve for the hydrogen cylinder was inadvertently left open .
The laboratory was using a gas line with a “ T - connection ” that normally included a toggle switch used to prevent nitrogen and hydrogen from being simultaneously introduced into the chamber .
However , a T - connection without the toggle switch was temporarily being used ; thus both nitrogen and hydrogen entered the chamber simultaneously .
To prevent such accidents in the future , investigators have recommended the following actions :
Replace the use of pure hydrogen with a 95:5 mixture of nitrogen and hydrogen .
Following a check of gas lines for leaks , all gas cylinders should be closed and only reopened as needed .
Use of T - connections between gases should be eliminated .
Investigate the possibility of using hydrogen and / or oxygen sensors that could withstand a corrosive atmospheric environment .
Give refresher training to all laboratory personnel .
( Some training has already occurred . )
Review current training , guidance materials and inspection procedures .
Review MU ’s compressed gas cylinder storage area to ensure appropriate safety procedures are in place and look for improvements .
Investigators believe that several factors helped mitigate damage and allowed normal building activities to resume quickly .
These factors include :
Wall ’s laboratory group was well - organized and clean , minimizing secondary impacts from the explosion .
Emergency information about laboratory hazards was posted outside the door for emergency responders .
Emergency Action Plan had identified exit routes and building occupants evacuated in a timely manner .
Utilities had been reconfigured for the building , allowing maintenance workers to cut off utility service to the affected laboratories , while keeping service to the rest of the building .
Cooperation among the Columbia Fire Department , MU Campus Facilities , MU Environmental Health and Safety , and the MU Police Department was excellent .
A history of exercises and meetings have strengthened relationships and cooperation .
Everyone involved in the accident is doing well .
The one person who was admitted to the hospital was released the following evening .
Note : Previous incorrect information was circulated that a “ 2,000 pound hydrogen tank ” exploded .
The source of hydrogen was a standard compressed gas cylinder that contained about one pound of hydrogen .
The tank , itself , did not explode .
--30--
cross stitch rage By Sugarcoatidli3z Watch
71 Favourites 41 Comments 9 K Views
i've been cross stitching lately and the idea for this came to me last night when i could n't sleep .
i then went ahead and made a chart in photoshop , ( which i will upload to scraps for those who want it ) and then i was able to sleep .
worked on this from 1 pm to 9 pm and it came out better than i expected !
i have to find a frame for this and i'll take a better picture , but for now this will do .
rage guy is not my own character .
it belongs to the person who originally drew it .
IMAGE DETAILS Image size 640x480px 56.21 KB
Show More
Published : Jul 21 , 2010
" Our [ university ] compliance people are looking into it , " Alabama coach Nick Saban said .
Sources told ESPN last week that NCAA investigators have interviewed North Carolina players , including defensive end Marvin Austin , about attending the party .
South Carolina tight end Weslye Saunders also confirmed to ESPN on Sunday that he recently spoke with NCAA investigators about the same party .
The NCAA is trying to determine who paid for the players ' transportation to Miami , and lodging , food and entertainment while they were there .
And in what appears to be an unrelated incident , Florida and NCAA officials are investigating whether former Gators offensive lineman Maurkice Pouncey accepted $ 100,000 from the representative of an agent between the 2009 SEC championship game and his team 's season - ending victory over Cincinnati in the Allstate Sugar Bowl .
Saban , a former coach of the NFL's Miami Dolphins , said it might be time to ban NFL teams from college campuses in order to get the league to take seriously the issue of agents boldly breaking NCAA regulations .
Alabama is considered one of the more welcoming schools to NFL scouts , who may come watch video at almost any time .
But Saban says it might now be time for a change .
" What the NFL Players Association and the NFL need to do is if any agent breaks a rule and causes ineligibility for a player , they should suspend his [ agent 's ] license for a year or two , " Saban said .
" I 'm about ready for college football to say , ' Let 's just throw the NFL out .
Do n't let them evaluate players .
Do n't let them talk to players .
Let them do it at the combine . '
If they are not going to help us , why should we help them ? "
Saban said he also believes the NCAA should " take schools off the hook " for the actions of agents and players .
In the end , however , he points at the former .
" Right now , agents are screwing it up , " Saban said .
" They are taking the eligibility of players .
It 's not right that those players do the wrong thing .
We have a great education process here .
We have a full - time worker who meets with players and their families and does everything else . "
In an interview with The Associated Press on Tuesday in advance of SEC media days , conference commissioner Mike Slive said he would like the NCAA at some point to consider changes to rules involving agents .
" The agent issue is one that 's been of concern not only to us but I think to everyone associated with intercollegiate athletics , and I do think it 's time to re-examine some of the NCAA rules that relate to agents , " he said .
" I have felt for a long time that it would be helpful to be able to provide student - athletes with more information and more opportunities to learn what their professional potential might be than is currently allowed by NCAA rules . "
How To Minimize Retirement Portfolio Risks
How to invest for retirement : limit the risks you face when retiring in a bad economy .
Think back to primary school .
Remember the commutative property of multiplication ?
It ’s the one that states that , when multiplying , you can swap the order of the numbers being multiplied without changing the result .
For example ,
5 x 3 x 8 = 120 , and 8 x 5 x 3 = 120 .
Investment returns are multiplicative and , therefore , subject to the commutative property of multiplication .
For example , imagine that you invest $ 1,000 in a mutual fund , and it earns the following returns over the next five years :
- 8 % , -20 % , +3 % , +15 % , +32 %
The end result will be the same , no matter the order in which the returns occur .
But when do returns make a difference ?
When Order Does Matter
If , however , you were to invest $ 1,000 each year in that mutual fund , then the sequence of returns would matter ( because our math now includes addition as well as multiplication ) .
For example , if the returns occurred in the order listed above , you ’d have $ 6,803 at the end of the five years .
But if they occurred in the opposite order , you ’d only have $ 4,437 .
As you can see , when you are dollar cost averaging and systematically adding money to an investment , the returns that occur at the end of the sequence are the ones that matter most , because you ’ve invested the most money by that point .
Conversely , when you ’re systematically taking money out of an investment portfolio , the early returns ( i.e. , the ones that occur while you still have a lot of money invested ) are the ones that matter most .
Do You Feel Lucky ?
In other words , for most investors , the returns that occur shortly before and after retirement are of vital importance .
How your portfolio performs during those ten or so vital years can make a dramatic difference to your quality of life in retirement .
You ’ve probably seen this play out in the lives of people you know .
People who retired around 2004 - 2005 ( whose vital decade has been one of roughly zero returns in the stock market ) tend to be in much worse shape than those who retired a decade earlier , in the middle of a stock market boom .
The scariest thing about what financial professionals call “ sequence of returns risk ” is that there ’s not a heck of lot you can do about it — you have precisely zero control over how the market performs over a particular handful of years .
It ’s just plain luck .
Minimizing the Role of Luck
One response is to plan for the worst .
That is , work to accumulate a portfolio large enough to pay your bills with an extremely low withdrawal rate .
If you can pay your bills with a withdrawal rate of 3 % or less , you ’ll probably make it through retirement just fine regardless of when the market chooses to perform for you .
A second approach — the one I personally plan to use — is to annuitize a portion of your portfolio .
By purchasing an annuity ( specifically , a single premium immediate fixed annuity ) you can lock in a withdrawal rate for the rest of your life , thereby eliminating the risk of living too long or getting unlucky with the timing of returns .
About the Author : Mike Piper writes at Oblivious Investor , where he provides plain - English explanations of topics like Roth IRA rules and income tax brackets .
Copyright © 2010 The Digerati Life .
All Rights Reserved .
Bill Kristol is demanding the head of GOP national chairman Michael Steele , who , in a moment of honesty , questioned the wisdom of invading and occupying Afghanistan .
Yet Kristol has never been elected to anything : indeed , the pretentious little gremlin once threatened to quit the GOP , back in the 1990s , when the Republicans in Congress voted to deny funding to Bill Clinton ’s Balkan adventure .
Kristol , who had thrilled at the opportunity to “ crush Serb skulls , ” as he put it , stamped his foot and declared his imminent defection .
Too bad he never followed through on his promise .
Now he ’s assuming the mantle of Republican kingmaker : based on his atrocious record as the GOP ’s grand strategist , it ’s Kristol , not Steele , who should resign .
Having dragged the GOP down to utter defeat with eight years of “ big government conservatism , ” i.e. perpetual war and ballooning deficits , and handed the country over to the tender mercies of the Obama cult , it seems Kristol and his fellow neocons are determined to drag the party all the way down to the status of an irrelevant sect , i.e. the neoconservatives writ a bit larger .
The Iraq war , of which Kristol was a leading champion , has bankrupted the country , and destabilized the entire region , just as Republican critics of the war such as the Committee for the Republic , and top Pentagon leaders , feared it would .
It is nonsense to pretend that there was no resistance to the neocons ’ fanatic warmongering on the right .
As the neoconservatives were lying us into war with tall tales of Iraqi WMDs , a group of authentic conservatives , including C. Boyden Grey , a former official in the first Bush administration , William Nitze , son of Ronald Reagan ’s top arms negotiator Paul Nitze , and John B. Henry II , a Washington businessman and direct descendant of Patrick Henry , issued a manifesto descrying the rise of an American empire .
To cross that Rubicon , they warned , would mean the end of our old republic .
It would bankrupt us , and lead us down the path to a form of collectivism impelled by militarism : “ America has begun to stray far from its founding tradition of leading the world by example rather than by force . ”
These are , essentially , the arguments the Old Right made and has continued to make down through the years , from John T. Flynn and Garet Garrett in the 1930s and 40s and continuing down to the present day in this column , and in such magazines as The American Conservative , Chronicles , and in such political manifestations as the Ron Paul movement , and the Buchanan and Perot campaigns .
These are not liberals .
( only Flynn was ever a Democrat , and FDR cured him – permanently – of that habit ) .
Speaking of the Democrats , I was shocked – shocked , I tell you !
– by the statement put out by the Democratic National Committee ’s Brad Woodhouse :
“ John McCain and Lindsey Graham will be interested to hear that the Republican Party position is that we should walk away from the fight against al Qaeda and the Taliban without finishing the job .
They ’d also be interested to hear that the Chairman of the Republican Party thinks we have no business in Afghanistan notwithstanding the fact that we are there because we were attacked by terrorists on 9 - 11 .
And , the American people will be interested to hear that the leader of the Republican Party thinks recent events related to the war are ‘ comical ’ and that he is betting against our troops and rooting for failure in Afghanistan .
It ’s simply unconscionable that Michael Steele would undermine the morale of our troops when what they need is our support and encouragement .
Michael Steele would do well to remember that we are not in Afghanistan by our own choosing , that we were attacked and that his words have consequences . ”
This was immediately followed by a chorus of horrified reactions from Glenn Greenwald and other defenders of the old liberal agenda , who remembered the same sort of rhetoric being employed against war critics – i.e. themselves – in the run-up to the Iraq invasion .
After all , they want to know , what about all those Democrats who had just voted to essentially withdraw from Afghanistan – “ without finishing the job ” – during the recent congressional debate over military appropriations for our endless Central Asian campaign ?
Are they , too , “ rooting for failure ” and “ undermining the morale of our troops ” ?
The liberals nearly fainted with horror : why , we do n’t do that kind of thing !
That ’s a page taken from Karl Rove ’s handbook , they exclaimed : but liberal Democrats are better than that !
But are they really ?
Sure , Woodhouse is reading from page one of the Rovian script , but , come to think of it , it ’s also a page torn from Lyndon Baines Johnson ’s book , and , further back , FDR ’s and Woodrow Wilson ’s , too .
To Roosevelt , the anti-war movement of his time – consisting , I would remind you , of conservative Republicans , alongside old - fashioned liberals and lefties such as Norman Thomas – were “ copperheads , ” a “ Nazi fifth column ” in the United States .
As for Wilson , he did n’t bother arguing with his anti-war opponents : he simply had them jailed .
There is , in short , plenty of precedent on what passes for the “ left ” in this country for the kind of smear campaign the DNC and its enablers in the media have launched against Steele , and , particularly in the case of the Obama cult , none of this is especially surprising .
The peculiar righteousness that infuses the President ’s supporters , married to a war agenda of unsurpassed ambition , is particularly susceptible to feeding frenzies of this sort – and , of course , the neocons feast on such emotions like vampires feed on blood .
Here is the political basis for the amazingly broad grand coalition that has coagulated around the call for Steele ’s ouster , stretching all the way from the DNC to Liz Cheney , the latter adding a comic note to the proceedings .
Ms. Cheney , who is probably the second most unpopular political figure in the country – her father being the first – angrily demanded Steele step down .
If the neocons are really out to destroy the GOP as a credible political force , they ought to push to put Liz in charge .
It ’s the DNC ’s dream come true .
We are told Steele ’s comments were a “ gaffe , ” which means , translated from Washington - speak , that a politician inadvertently blurted out the truth .
History does indeed militate against “ victory ” on the Afghan front , as Steele averred .
Yet the pro-administration media chorus pounced on Steele ’s statement that Afghanistan is “ a war of Obama ’s choosing ” – “ despite the fact , ” sniffed CBS , “ that it began years before the president took office . ”
Steele ’s handlers hurriedly issued a semi-retraction , “ but did not address his factual mistake . ”
Technically , you could say Steele ’s statement was in error , but only in the narrowest sense : what he really meant to say – or , rather , what he should have said – is that the war in Pakistan , which is just an extension of the battle for Afghanistan , is a war of Obama ’s choosing .
Our not - so - secret “ secret war ” in that country is akin to jumping up and down on the surface of a rather unstable nuclear time bomb , one about to go off .
The burgeoning conflict in Pakistan is certainly a “ war of choice , ” a new and ominous development that has taken place almost entirely under Obama ’s watch .
You ’ll recall that the prospect of it worried even John McCain during the campaign , back when Obama vowed he ’d go into Pakistan in “ hot pursuit ” of our elusive enemy , and here is one of those rare campaign promises the President has actually delivered on .
In opening up a new front in Pakistan , President Obama has taken Washington ’s ongoing campaign to implant a US colony in Central Asia to a whole new level , launching a conflict that will no doubt go down in the history books as Obama ’s War .
The Iraqi “ surge ” was naturally followed by the Afghan “ surge , ” and , very shortly , a Pakistani “ surge , ” as the war of conquest begun by the Bush administration is carried through to the very end by his Democratic successors – a war the Democratic party leadership fully supports , and is prepared to defend politically .
That they do n’t have to defend it very convincingly , or even in a united fashion , is due to the neocon lock on the “ opposition ” party , which only offers a stronger version of the same nationalist poison and an even more explicitly crazed interventionism .
This is how the two - party monopoly ensures the American people will never get to vote the warmongers out : the War Party dominates both parties .
The Democrats ’ worst nightmare is that a Republican of the Ron Paul variety ( no , not Rand , unfortunately ) will rise out of the grassroots and begin to offer the American people an alternative to perpetual war .
That ’s why the political Establishment hated Perot with such white - hot passion – one of many reasons – and why their bottom - feeding media minions of the Dave Weigel - Jamie Kirchick - Orange Line Mafia brigade made a point of conducting a coordinated smear campaign against Rep .
Paul during the last presidential campaign .
Chairman Steele was absolutely correct in his remarks on the futile crusade to conquer Afghanistan , and I do n’t care how many retractions and apologies he ’s forced to make : his words reflect the feelings of countless Republicans , and the majority of Americans .
War weariness is not a partisan phenomenon : we all feel it , Republicans and Democrats , conservatives and liberals alike .
As it gathers force and weight , hanging like a dark cloud over a political landscape that is increasingly littered with the prone bodies of incumbent politicians , the GOP leadership ought to think twice before they hand the reins over to losers like Bill Kristol and Liz Cheney .
The entire political Establishment , from the right - wing neocons at the Weekly Standard to the left - neocons at The New Republic , is uniting around a “ hate Michael Steele ” campaign .
I ’ve never been a Steele fan until now , but anyone who can provoke such enmity from such a wide variety of creeps and cretins deserves to be supported to the hilt .
The Crucible Introduction
Imagine a super - constrictive time in history .
Think confining apparel .
Think proper social etiquette .
Think mass hysteria that makes entire communities suspicious and paranoid .
If the first image that popped into your head was of Mad Men 's Betty Draper — bingo , you 're 100 % correct .
If , on the other hand , the first image that popped into your head was of Salem 's Anne Hale — bingo , you 're 100 % correct .
Yep — Arthur Miller 's
The Crucible gives us a parable that spans centuries .
This play is a commentary on the claustrophobic Puritanical - code - of - conduct - fear - of - witches nonsense of Massachusetts in the 17th century and a commentary on the claustrophobic , girdles - white - picket - fences - fear - of - Communists nonsense of America in the late 1940's and 1950's .
Sure , on the surface this play appears to be totally about the Salem Witch Trials .
But Arthur Miller intended to use the Salem Witch Trials as an allegory for the anti-communist Red Scare and the congressional hearings of Senator Joseph McCarthy going on in the United States in 1953 , when the play was first performed .
The similarities between Miller 's portrayal of Puritan fear - mongering and McCarthyism do n't quit .
Compare the rallying cry of the McCarthy era —
" Are you now or were you ever a member of the Communist Party ? " — with the question that haunts The Crucible — " Did you see ( insert name here ) with the Devil ? "
And compare the life ( and — spoiler — death ) of protagonist John Proctor with one of the many people whose lives were derailed because they were accused of being a Communist .
John Proctor , whose affair with a young girl jumpstarts the witch - hunts , is accused of being a witch when he tries to stand up to the insane - o accusations that plague Salem .
As a result of this , he 's asked to name names of other " witches . "
When he refuses , he 's hanged .
Although the penalty for being a Communist was n't death during the McCarthy era , it was the complete loss of respectability and career .
For example , some of the most brightly shining Hollywood stars of the era lost their jobs because of Red- baiting .
And many more — including Arthur Miller — were disgusted and horrified by the way that American politics circa 1950 had started seeming an awful lot like Salem politics circa 1692 .
This play caught on like wildfire ... a wildfire that 's still burning today .
It won Miller a Tony .
It 's been made into three movies and a Pulitzer Prize - winning opera .
And it 's been introducing students of literature to two periods of fear - mongering in American history ( double your pleasure , double your fun ? ) for more than six decades .
The Australian Greens say the rollout of fast broadband services can only be guaranteed if they hold the balance of power in the Senate .
The first stage of the National Broadband Network ( NBN ) will come online at Scottsdale , Smithton and Midway Point in Tasmania , later this month .
The Federal Opposition says the broadband plan is a reckless adventure , and says it will outline an alternative plan in coming weeks .
Greens Senator Christine Milne says Tasmania 's future depends on fast broadband .
" We need new businesses , the future of those businesses depends on online marketing , online accessing sales , online education - we have to have it and we can't risk the Coaltion , " she said .
Analysts say the NBN has widespread industry support .
Independent telecommunications analyst Paul Budde says the project , which promises to deliver high - speed television , video calls and chatrooms as well as educational and medical applications , will put Australia in the vanguard of global broadband development .
He believes any further delays in rolling out the broadband fibre network will prove a costly decision in the long - term .
" I think you know it 's nearly criminal if the Opposition would indeed do that , " he said .
" We have spent three years on getting where we are now .
" [ The Coalition ] is winding the clock back five years - because we have to start all over again with submissions , with all sorts of proposals , discussions and we already know that we are running years behind other countries in relation to broadband affordability and high - speed connectivity . "
Firefighting motorbikes will be used to tackle blazes across a city , it was announced today .
Liverpool is the first city in the UK to roll out two of the £ 30,000 bikes , which have pumps with a range of 11 metres , in a six - month pilot scheme .
With 50 litres of water and chemical foam on board each specially modified BMW bike , they are capable as a pair of putting out two burning cars in two minutes .
The two riders will be kitted out in state - of - the - art equipment which allows them to start fighting blazes as soon as they arrive at a scene .
Merseyside Fire and Rescue Service group manager John McCormack said : " We had to make sure the protective equipment was suitable both for riding a motorbike and also fighting a fire when he gets there .
He does not have time to get changed . "
The man in charge of the project added : " We have no intention of using them to replace fire engines .
After almost 30 years , Disney is returning to the world of TRON , and walking around the exhibit hall , you could tell .
The giant Recognizer greets you as you enter , and in glass display cases Disney shoWs off all the new figurines .
But those wer n’t the coolest things .
Disney and Razer teamed up to release a series of TRON themed pc and console peripherals , like glowing keyboards and mice .
While PDP was showing off their designes for some very cool looking iDevice accessories .
The centerpeice tho was the life size redesigned light cycle , which everyone wanted to get a shot of .
Coming up tomorrow , Pixelated Geek will be at the TRON event in the hallowed Hall H , and we will be posting , and keeping you up to date .
Also , if we ’ll be doing a live blog during the panel .
If we ’re allowed to , we ’ll video stream the whole thing .
Go past the break for Tron booth photos .
Dell Inc. and its founder , Michael Dell , improperly hid the effect of massive payments from chip giant Intel Corp. earlier this decade that inflated the computer maker 's earnings and misled investors , U.S. regulators alleged Thursday .
Dell agreed to pay $ 100 million to settle Securities & Exchange Commission charges concerning Intel and other alleged accounting fraud , without admitting or denying guilt .
Mr. Dell , the company 's chairman and chief executive , was only charged in connection with issues concerning Intel .
He agreed ...
Capitalism 3.0 : An Institutional Revolution in the Making
C. Otto Scharmer , a senior lecturer in Organization Studies at the MIT Sloan School of Management , presents this lecture on the latest emerging version of economics .
He gives details about his theory of capitalism 3.0 , referred to as an intentional ecosystem economy , and advocates collective ( rather than individual ) economic leadership mindsets .
Warning : Physics Envy May be Hazardous to Your Wealth
Andrew Lo is MIT ’s Harris & Harris Group Professor of Finance and Sloan School of Management Director .
He delivers this lecture on comparisons between physics and economics , highlighting some unexpected results .
Lunch with a Laureate : Robert Merton
The Nobel Prize - winner , whose areas of expertise consist of financial engineering and innovation , as well as risk management , describes his breakthrough work on derivatives .
Audience members ’ questions direct Merton toward a discussion of the role of derivatives in the current financial crisis .
The Culture Beat and New Media
The “ golden age of arts criticism ” has arrived with substantial economic implications , despite a decrease in print journalism .
Art discourse translates well to the Web as entertainment shifts from the broadcast model to an interactive form .
MIT professor Douglas McLennan and online arts forum editor Bill Marx describe the challenges of developing a working business model for this growing economic field .
Are You Ready for IPO ?
A group of four panelists gives fresh and sincere insight into the realm of entrepreneurship .
With straightforward and honest advice , start - up company owners can take what they need from this candid , no - frills forum .
MIT moderator Robert Buderi discusses the bumpy but rewarding ride of business ownership with two CEOs , a Managing Director , and a Managing Partner from four different companies .
Anthropogenic Climate Change : Science , Economics , and Policy
Ronald Prinn , MIT ’s TEPCO Professor of Atmospheric Science and Director of the Center for Global Change Science , uses his expertise on global warming to show the audience how human activity affects climate change .
Because there are significant economic consequences to making changes in human activity , Prinn invites the science of economics to join natural sciences in an effort to improve the future .
Climate Change : The Economics of and Prospects for a Global Deal
Describing climate change as “ the greatest market failure the world has ever seen , ” the London School of Economics IG Patel Professor of Economics and Government , Sir Nicholas Stern , makes a case for natural science in the realm of economics .
He discusses measures to curtail the future long - term effects of global warming , citing climate change damage to the global GDP as he suggests practical action .
News , Information and the Wealth of Networks
Participatory culture and the economics of production combine to form a compelling discussion between Harvard Berkman Professor of Entrepreneurial Legal Studies Yochai Benkler and Peter de Florez Professor of Humanities Henry Jenkins .
Mediated by MIT ’s William C. Uricchio , the production and dissemination of information and social patterns is discussed within the context of current “ apprenticeship ” mentalities and inevitable future activism .
Economics : Regulation and Deregulation of Energy Sectors
Paul Joskow delivers a substantial mountain of information on the history of energy industries in the U.S. as Management Director of the MIT Center for Energy and Environmental Policy Research .
Tracing the complex regulatory phase changes in all energy sectors , Joskow analyzes the outcomes and identifies key challenges for economists .
Ending Global Poverty
Muhammad Yunus advocates that banking convention be overturned in poverty - stricken circumstances , giving highest priority to those with the fewest resources .
As the 2006 Nobel Peace Prize Laureate Ambassador for the Joint United Nations Program on HIV / AIDS , Yunus details the transformation of his academic economics experiment into a life - changing personal crusade .
Hey everyone !
This month I present to you ten most recent MIT World 's video lectures .
Actually this is a guest post and it was written by Alexis Bonari .
She is a freelance writer and blog junkie .
She is currently a resident blogger at onlinedegrees.org , researching areas of online universities .
In her spare time , she enjoys square - foot gardening , swimming , and avoiding her laptop .
That 's it for this month .
And thanks again to Alexis Bonari for putting this post together !
PS . If you wish to guest post on this blog , let me know
by Sunny Hundal
Earlier today Labour blogger Luke Bozier tweeted :
Gordon Brown ’s WebCreator website is not befitting of a former Prime Minister .
Tangent should be ashamed .
http://gordonbrown.org.uk
He also blogged his opinion in a longer post saying that Tangent , the web company that does many websites for the Labour party , were “ taking the Labour community for a ride ” .
Within a few hours he received communication from Tangent saying :
I respectfully suggest you delete that tweet , issue no more similar ones and generally try to sell your products in a more professional way .
I really do n’t like the prospect of either a public slanting match or legal action , but if I need to protect my company ’s business and reputation , I will .
Outrageous .
On Twitter the story has already received a lot of attention , with people using the hashtag # OffTangent .
Tangent has been criticised heavily on Twitter by libel lawyer JackofKent .
We ’ll write more if there are further developments .
Coverage across blogs :
MTPT : Trafigura - esque Tangents , or A very progressive digital agency
Adam Grace : Instant Corporate Karma
Planet Jamie : Say A Website Is Poor , Get Libel Threat
Sim-O : Another opinion that is n’t up to scratch
Top Tweets
JackofKent :
Gordon Brown ’s WebCreator website is not befitting of a former Prime Minister .
Tangent should be ashamed .
# OffTangent
Mark Stephens :
# OffTangent companies should n’t be able to sue for libel .
As is the case in Australia .
Rowan Davies :
[ My apologies for the long hiatus in my posting .
Real life has intruded in a variety of ways , reducing the time I can devote to writing .
And I ’ve felt obliged to try to get a greater mastery of areas that may bear on future posts , including evolutionary biology , genetics , and statistics .
Finally , the philosophical issues are just hard , and a lot more demanding than I had anticipated ; I seem to be unhappy with everything I write down .
I find myself releasing posts only when my revulsion to revising them still again exceeds my embarrassment at having my pseudonym publicly attached to them .
Unfortunately , even at this the posts so far — while I believe they make sensible arguments — are entirely too sketchy in the theories they propound .
These ideas need a book or three , and extensive grounding in the literature . ]
Some further thoughts about what I defined in my previous post Biology and Justice : First Cut as biological radicalism .
There , I defined theories of justice or morality as biological radical if they “ would deny or subvert broad and basic human inclinations ” .
Now I ’ll grant that that is a pretty inadequate definition as it stands – it ’s intended to be mostly heuristic .
At some point , I ’ll try to tighten it up as I think through all it should comprehend .
In any case , as examples of such accounts , I offered up utilitarianism and Rawls ’ theory of justice .
Here , I ’m mainly concerned to talk about utilitarianism , chiefly because it exhibits the problem I ’m getting at in a form simpler and sharper than in Rawls ’ theory .
I think it ’s very hard not to accept that utilitarianism , taken at face value , is biologically radical according to my definition .
This seems to be granted implicitly even by its most famous contemporary proponent , Peter Singer .
Let ’s take a look at some of Singer ’s extreme views , as well as the problems they pose even for himself .
Here is one relevant summary of Singer ’s position from Wikipedia :
In “ Famine , Affluence , and Morality ” , [ Singer ] begins by saying that he would like to see how far a seemingly innocuous and widely endorsed principle can take us ; the principle is that one is morally required to forgo a small pleasure to relieve someone else ’s immense pain .
He then argues that this principle entails radical conclusions — for example , that affluent people are very immoral if they do not give up some luxury goods in order to donate the money for famine relief .
If his reasoning is valid , he goes on to argue , either it is not very immoral to value small luxuries over saving many lives , or such affluent people are very immoral .
As Singer argues in the same essay , regardless of the soundness of his fundamental defense of utilitarianism , his argument has value in that it exposes conflicts between many people ’s stated beliefs and their actions .
Yet this view presents real difficulties for how he conducts his own life , as we can see from an article on Singer :
In a recent New York Times Magazine essay , he argued that the affluent in developed countries are killing people by not giving away to the poor all of their wealth in excess of their needs .
How did he come to this conclusion ?
“ If …allowing someone to die is not intrinsically different from killing someone , it would seem that we are all murderers , ” he explains in Practical Ethics .
He calculates that the average American household needs $ 30,000 per year ; to avoid murder , anything over that should be given away to the poor .
“ So a household making $ 100,000 could cut a yearly check for $ 70,000 , ” he wrote in the Times .
Rigorous adherence to a single principle has a way of hoisting one by one ’s own petard .
Singer ’s mother suffers from severe Alzheimer ’s disease , and so she no longer qualifies as a person by his own standards , yet he spends considerable sums on her care .
This apparent contradiction of his principles has not gone unnoticed by the media .
When I asked him about it during our interview at his Manhattan apartment in late July , he sighed and explained that he is not the only person who is involved in making decisions about his mother ( he has a sister ) .
He did say that if he were solely responsible , his mother might not be alive today .
Singer ’s proclamation about income has also come back to haunt him .
To all appearances , he lives on far more than $ 30,000 a year .
Aside from the Manhattan apartment –he asked me not to give the address or describe it as a condition of granting an interview–he and his wife Renata , to whom he has been married for some three decades , have a house in Princeton .
The average salary of a full professor at Princeton runs around $ 100,000 per year ; Singer also draws income from a trust fund that his father set up and from the sales of his books .
He says he gives away 20 percent of his income to famine relief organizations , but he is certainly living on a sum far beyond $ 30,000 .
When asked about this , he forthrightly admitted that he was not living up to his own standards .
He insisted that he was doing far more than most and hinted that he would increase his giving when everybody else started contributing similar amounts of their incomes .
And this from an article on Singer in the New Yorker :
Still , many of Singer ’s critics dismiss him as a secular puritan so inflamed by his idea of rectitude that he can’t even recognize his own contradictions .
Singer feels that this is unfair , and he may have a point : although he fails to live up to the rigid rules he has put down on paper , he probably comes as close to doing so as anyone could .
He gives away twenty per cent of his annual income , including all royalties from “ Practical Ethics . ”
He lives comfortably but frugally .
He does n’t eat meat or fish , or wear leather .
Yet Singer ’s writing is so high - handed that any inconsistency between his life and his work is hard to dismiss .
Singer has certainly done nothing to impoverish himself , for instance , and his daughters also live comfortably , aided by the income of a trust set up by his father which –he would have to agree–none of them need .
Now I think it pretty obvious from these several accounts of both Singer ’s stipulations on how much we are morally obliged to give to others , and how little Singer in fact gives away of his own considerable income , that Singer falls exceedingly short of his own precepts .
It ’s all the more remarkable that he fails so conspicuously to live up to his ideals when the sacrifices he does indeed make are actually quite extraordinary given his circumstances – how many other Ivy League professors can be said to do anything of the like ?
This serves only to bring out how very much his ideals are beyond ordinary human capability .
On the one hand , he ’s engaged in altruistic behavior at the extreme end of human feasibility ; on the other , his actions are , in fact , far closer ( certainly in terms of proportion of income given away ) to purely self interested behavior than they are to his stated obligations .
If he has given away , say , 20 % of his income , keeping 80 % , that more closely resembles 100 % self interest than it does the 70 % sacrifice he prescribes for the well being of others across the world .
( And why stop at only 70 % ?
What in the utilitarian principle would support that ? )
A basic question here is , I think , this : what sense does it make for a moral code to require of human beings , on a broad and regular basis , behavior of which they are constitutionally incapable ?
Living up to utilitarian principles , or even really approaching them , appears to be wholly beyond our ability .
How and why is it reasonable to hold to those principles as representing the correct moral goals when their requirements seem to be set in defiance of basic human nature ?
Perhaps the most fundamental question is , does morality possess the power or authority to bind us to do things which run deeply contrary to our inclinations ?
If so , whence does morality come by that power or authority ?
I think this is a question that systems of morality cannot escape .
Now it may seem at first thought unnecessary to answer that question .
If we can see , in a compelling set of intuitions , that various acts are moral , or immoral , of what matter might it be that we are , or are not , capable of doing the right thing on any kind of consistent basis ?
Feasibility of doing the right thing consistently would seem , at most , to be another sort of consideration altogether , one having to do with how to accommodate human weakness with respect to morality .
Its legitimate application might , for example , merely involve grading expectations as to what human beings should do on a curve — in effect , forgiving them for their recalcitrant nature .
Morality itself stands majestically above this , its ground altogether independent and clear .
But this view of morality as a city on a hill handing down edicts to all below seems to comport poorly with the set of moral intuitions and precepts as we know them .
That set is , I would argue , both highly incomplete and often — at least apparently — inconsistent .
( I realize that if a theory is inconsistent then it is trivially complete , since it can prove anything .
So it will take some work to explain what I have in mind here .
This , however , will have to await a further post . )
The set of moral intuitions seems really to constitute only a quite sparse matrix .
Given the long history of contemplation of moral codes and systems , it seems unlikely that that situation will be greatly improved by further deliberation .
In the face of the apparent inadequacy of moral intuitions to cover all important issues , including some quite fundamental ones , it makes sense to invoke considerations that would seem to work as a more robust , better fleshed out , corroborating basis for our moral code .
Insofar as the evolutionary view can explain our moral intuitions , it may go on to ground a superset of those intuitions .
Certainly the issues not settled clearly by intuition comprehend many that go to the very core of our moral behavior , and of a system of justice .
In particular , the very question of how much self sacrifice we are obliged to engage in is such an issue , involving as it does immense differences in how we should behave ; it could hardly matter more to ourselves and to the larger world whether morality requires us to give away , say , 5 % of our income to others , or 80 % .
In later posts I intend to examine further the question of how and why morality might bind us as natural beings .
But I ’d like now to turn to another kind of problem posed by biological radicalism , as , again , exhibited by Singer .
Biological Radicalism and Moral Monsters
What , it may be asked , is wrong with a morality that is biologically radical , if it inclines people toward the correct behavior ?
If it pushes us in the right direction – say , more toward altruistic interests than toward self - interest — is n’t that a good thing , even if we will never come remotely close to being able to live up to those ideals ?
In a debate between Singer and Richard Posner on animal rights , Posner makes this comment :
You say that some readers of Animal Liberation have been persuaded by the ethical arguments in the book , and not just by the facts and the pictures .
But if so , it is probably so only because these readers do not realize the radicalism of the ethical vision that powers your view on animals , an ethical vision that finds greater value in a healthy pig than in a profoundly retarded child , that commands inflicting a lesser pain on a human being to avert a greater pain to a dog , and that , provided only that a chimpanzee has 1 percent of the mental ability of a normal human being , would require the sacrifice of the human being to save 101 chimpanzees .
If Animal Liberation had emphasized these implications of your utilitarian philosophy , it would have had many fewer persuaded readers ; and likewise if it had sought merely to persuade our rational faculty , and not to stir our empathetic regard for animals .
Let ’s focus here not on Posner ’s criticism of Singer ’s views as they apply to animal rights , but rather on the more general characteristic of radicalism that Posner ascribes to Singer ’s position ( it ’s interesting that Posner chooses the term “ radicalism ” here , as have I ) .
Utilitarianism , as it ’s naturally understood , and as Singer interprets it , would require us to sacrifice our own happiness ( or pleasure or preferences ) if we would bring about a greater improvement in the happiness ( or pleasure or preferences ) of , say , a man unknown to us in Siberia .
But the question is , why should we be bound by the interests of someone unknown to us in Siberia ?
Singer seems to believe that if we simply think long and hard enough about it , we will see that the interests of the man in Siberia are really every bit as much binding on us as our own interests :
If I have seen that from an ethical point of view I am just one person among the many in my society , and my interests are no more important , from the point of view of the whole , than the similar interests of others within my society , I am ready to see that , from a still larger point of view , my society is just one among other societies , and the interests of members of my society are no more important , from that larger perspective , than the similar interests of members of other societies …
Taking the impartial element in ethical reasoning to its logical conclusion means , first , accepting that we ought to have equal concern for all human beings .
Now one might argue against Singer ’s views here in a variety of ways .
I think , though , that the most basic approach is to return to the general question we have already broached : what is the basis for a moral imperative that is binding on us ?
Conceiving of ourselves as entirely natural beings , on what power or authority can morality demand that we should devote as much effort to the man in Siberia as to our own kin ?
Is it possible that when exceedingly rigorous moral systems arrogate such power or authority , it might backfire ?
There seems indeed something perverse in adopting a moral attitude in which we would regard the interests of any random human being fully as if they were our own .
All of our sensibilities tell us , I believe , that only some kind of detached freak would treat the interests of his own kin , and those of a someone utterly unknown to him , as identically compelling .
It ’s instructive to consider how this problem really is based on our biology .
If we were a species like an intelligent species of eusocial ants , then many of these same utilitarian strictures might well seem quite completely natural to us , and the manner in which they bind our actions entirely acceptable to be incorporated into our moral code .
A Peter Singer of intelligent ants advocating for the same sort of sacrifices would not be regarded as an insufferable scold , but as someone articulating the plainest common sense .
There appears to be something critical lost in approaches to morality such as Singer ’s .
Insofar as the code of morality induces a perspective that takes us away from our fundamental dispositions , it countenances and indeed rewards behaviors that distort one ’s emotions in a way that can be highly destructive .
It ’s fair to say that one of the great scourges on civilization is that civilized nations have , in the name of ideology , or its brother religion , wrought great carnage and misery on the human species .
These systems of belief have often , maybe typically , been built around the notion that they are bringing about a greater good for human beings in aggregate .
Certainly Communism has engaged in that sort of massive evil under the banner of Humanity .
Likewise both Christianity and Islam have historically conquered , slain , and punished for the improvement of humanity by Salvation .
Even the Nazis believed they were serving a good far larger than themselves as individuals , albeit their concern never rose above the interests of the Master Race .
One wants to say that these systems of belief have induced a very real kind of sociopathy in those who fell under their thrall .
What they do in service of that ideology runs hard against what they would , in ordinary circumstances , regard as moral or decent behavior .
They are engaging in behavior that we , and they in other contexts , would naturally understand as inhuman .
This is indeed one of the objections raised to their behavior after the fact of their criminal acts : yes , you may have done this under orders , you may have thought that this would serve some larger , good purpose , but how could you do something that was so self - evidently inhuman ?
How could your moral conscience have been so corrupted as to find it acceptable to do what you did ?
We treat them as war criminals most basically because they turned their backs on what their human inclinations to the moral should have urgently demanded from them .
Utilitarianism has been spared the ignominy of Communism , I believe , only because it has not been taken as seriously as an ideology for the broad populace as Communism .
On the other hand , one might well make the argument that Communism is the closest representation of utilitarianism in extant political systems , allowing that Communism brought much baggage of its own based on Marxist presuppositions .
Taken at its plain meaning , utilitarianism too would have the effect of being followable only by “ monsters ” – people able and willing psychologically to run so hard against their own natural inclinations ( or at least inclinations natural for the vast majority of people ) that they must be regarded as unstable outliers from the human species .
These individuals would seem capable of performing virtually any action , provided only that it have some plausible ground deriving from the belief system they accept .
The more “ monstrous ” the ideology or religion – the more incompatible are its prescriptions from our dispositions – the more subject it is to perpetrating great enormities .
It may seem a deplorable thing that Singer is not himself able to live up to his own strictures , and from an important point of view of course it is .
Yet that strain of hypocrisy may indicate more , not less , humanity in him .
Sometimes hypocrisy is a sign of more basic moral and intellectual health .
It is thus better that those who purport to believe abortion is murder hypocritically do n’t treat the woman who chooses the abortion as a murderer than that they would do so ; on some level , their more fundamental humanity wins out .
In general , a morality grounded more directly in human nature is a far safer morality .
It abhors monsters .
Insofar as one feels obliged to hew closely to one ’s basic urgings of conscience , one will find it difficult indeed to go far wrong .
This is perhaps the larger message of the proverb , Charity begins at home , and of Candide ’s statement , “ we must cultivate our own gardens ” : we must respect our limits , lest our actions become unconstrained and reckless .
I think that one of the goals of a biologically based moral theory will be to define and elaborate a kind of biological “ conscience ” grounded in our basic dispositions .
And , importing this approach into the realm of politics , I believe we can view our current democracies as embodying our individual “ biological ” consciences writ large ; that is their greatest virtue , their greatest source of moral stability .
Singer ’s overall position exemplifies a remarkable callousness in other ways as well , I believe .
I have been struck by a deep tension , almost contradiction , among some of Singer ’s beliefs .
For example , he believes both that we should accord animals the same respect that we grant to human beings in certain key respects , yet also believes that it is permissible to engage in infanticide under certain conditions .
These two beliefs could hardly be more in opposition , from an emotional point of view .
The first seems to require us to stretch our compassion toward a larger circle of sentient beings ; the second seems to be monstrous in its lack of compassion toward an even more fellow sentient being .
Posner , in his criticism of Singer above , certainly was reacting in part to this kind of inhumanity he discerned in Singer ’s position .
Perhaps being a moral monster requires , first and foremost , an unbalancing in one ’s dispositions .
The sociopath has a selfishness dominate all other dispositions ; the ideologue has the “ religious ” instinct dominate all others .
Now whether human beings possess an actual religious instinct , with any real specificity , is unclear to me .
That instinct may be simply an attachment to , or obsession with , an overarching idea .
Yet what seems clear is that the “ religious ” instinct , however understood , in hypertrophy comes at the expense of our moral core .
Welcome to Ubersite !
| Rating : - 1.0 on 4 ratings ( 9 reviews ) last by THE HUMAN CENTIFAG 201 days ago
Hello ?
Yes ?
Oh !
Heh , heh , uh ... if you 're looking for that big donutof yours ... um , Flanders has it .
Just smash open his house .
( Closingthe door . )
He came to life .
Good for him .-- Homer SimpsonTreehouse of Horror VI
Site and layout © 2014 Ubersite ® --
All material copyrighted by its respective copyright holder , dumbass
by David Martin , Fitness Coach
Does running really help to lose weight ?
The truth is that running to lose weight can be a healthy way to drop pounds and keep them off for good .
The key to a successful running plan for weight loss is to start slowly and then gradually build up your strength and endurance over time .
The most important thing to remember when starting a running program is to be realistic about your level of physical fitness .
If you do n’t overdo it when you first start out , you ’ll have a better chance of sticking with a daily running program .
Going for a jog every morning , when combined with a balanced diet of carbohydrates , protein and fat , you will help you to achieve your weight loss goals over a period of weeks and months .
Running to lose weight after pregnancy is often the best way for a woman to lose baby weight .
Walk Before You Run
If you are just starting out , be careful not to overdo it in the beginning .
One of the biggest mistakes people make when starting a running program is trying to do too much , too soon .
The first thing you should do is assess your overall health condition .
Consult with your doctor before starting any exercise program .
If you have n’t done much exercise in your life , you may want to start out with walking .
As your muscles become accustomed to regular exercise , you can gradually increase your pace .
Try to find a good walking pace to lose weight , and use a walking for weight loss calculator to track your progress .
Many people find that they enjoy walking to lose weight instead of running .
The best walking shoes to lose weight are ones that feel comfortable and give you good arch support .
Remember that you can wear running shoes for walking , as long as they feel comfortable on your feet .
If your arches become sore , you may consider buying a pair of stabilizing orthotics to give your feet additional support .
Depending on the size and shape of your feet , custom orthotics for runners may be necessary .
Choosing the right size running shoe is also vital .
Running shoes that are too narrow or too wide for your feet can lead to blisters or sprained ankles .
The lifespan of running shoes often depends on proper sizing .
Weather can also play a part , with running shoes in Phoenix often lasting longer than running shoes in Omaha .
How often to replace your running shoes is dictated by the wear and tear you put on them , as well as the weather conditions you are running in .
Regular Exercise is Key
In order to lose weight , you have to burn more calories than you consume .
When running for weight loss , it ’s important to stick with your training program .
Those individuals who follow their running schedule week after week soon get the slim body shape they have been seeking .
If you set realistic fitness and weight loss targets for yourself , you wo n’t become frustrated and give up .
Most running to lose weight success stories happen because that particular individual set long - term goals and slowly but surely achieved their desired weight loss .
One of the best ways to stick with a regular running plan is to choose a time of the day when you know you ’ll have time for your workout .
For some people , that means early in the morning before work or school .
For others , it may be better to run in the evenings or even on your lunch break .
You will probably be surprised at how quickly you can lose the weight if you simply stick with your plan and do it week after week .
An exercise diary can also be helpful , because if you write down your workout details and how much weight you ’ve lost , you can refer back to it and see how much progress you have made .
Vary Your Running Routine
As time goes by , your body will begin to acclimate to your running program .
It then becomes vital to incorporate interval running to lose weight into your training regimen .
By varying the intensity and distance of your workouts , you will burn fat and increase lean muscle mass .
If you live near the mountains or the ocean , it should be fairly easy for you to choose new and varied running routes so that you wo n’t get bored with the same scenery over and over .
It ’s also important to climb hills from time to time , as well as varying your distances .
Try running 2 miles of hilly terrain one day , and 5 or 6 miles along the beach the next .
Running in the mountains or on the beach can often be an exhilarating experience !
Eat a Balanced Diet
People who run to lose weight should eat a balanced diet of carbohydrates , protein and fat .
Complex carbohydrates should make up at least 50 % of daily calories , with protein at approximately 30 % , and fat at around 20 % .
Exercise will boost your metabolism , so do n’t be afraid to eat enough food to fuel your body ’s needs .
You ’ll burn off those calories with your regular running routine .
In fact , you may find that if you exercise regularly and eat a balanced diet , your body is able to reach a new state of equilibrium where fats are burned off more quickly and you are able to eat more of your favorite foods without gaining weight .
This sort of “ permanent metabolism boost ” often happens to people who run regularly .
Sports Drinks and Energy Gels for Runners
Make sure you hydrate before you start your run , and take a water bottle with you on the road .
Consider sports drinks that contain electrolytes and other vitamins and minerals to help replenish your body after your workout is finished .
Sports drinks and energy gels are a good way to hydrate and replenish your body on the run .
Containing fluids , carbohydrates and electrolytes , sports drinks and energy gels are a key part of an overall running nutrition program .
Green tea also supports weight loss due to its thermogenic ( fat burning ) properties .
Wear Comfortable Running Shoes
Make sure you have comfortable running shoes with enough cushion .
Remember that the top 10 running shoes of all time all have these features in common : they help prevent injury and make exercise enjoyable .
Visit your local running shoes store or buy a pair online using a running shoes discount code .
Barefoot running has become popular in recent years , and while it ’s not for everyone , you may wish to learn more about it .
Fans of barefoot running say that it is healthier for your feet because it reduces the risk of repetitive stress injuries .
You may also want to consider running shoes you can wear without socks .
With standard running shoes , your heel strikes first .
With barefoot running ( also known as minimalist running ) , the ball of your foot hits the ground first .
Some say this is how human beings were intended to run .
If you are wondering about the best way to transition from traditional running shoes to minimalist shoes , keep in mind that hard or thick shoes interfere with ‘ proprioception , ’ which means how your feet feel the ground .
This is probably the most important and overlooked benefit of minimalist running .
How to Succeed at Running to Lose Weight
In order to get slim , you have to burn up more calories than you take in .
Running to lose weight can be a great way to achieve a healthy body mass index , increase metabolism and take off extra pounds .
It can also help give you firm buttocks , which everybody seems to want these days !
How much running does a person need to lose weight ?
Everyone is different , but by setting realistic long - term goals and building up to them gradually , you can achieve the weight loss success you desire .
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step .
Get started on your own journey today !
( updated June 26 , 2015 )
Many might be alarmed to learn of a homemade nuclear reactor being built next door .
But what if this form of extreme DIY could help solve the world 's energy crisis ?
By day , Mark Suppes is a web developer for fashion giant Gucci .
By night , he cycles to a New York warehouse and tinkers with his own nuclear fusion reactor .
The warehouse is a non-descript building on a tree - lined Brooklyn street , across the road from blocks of apartments , with a grocery store on one corner .
But in reality , it is a lab .
In a hired workshop on the third floor , a high - pitched buzz emanates from a corner dotted with metal scraps and ominous - looking machinery , as Mr Suppes fires up his device and searches for the answer to a question that has eluded some of the finest scientific minds on the planet .
We have people in the whole gamut [ building reactors ] from physicists to electronics people to car mechanics to even one janitor Richard Hull , Founder , Fusor.net
In nuclear fusion , atoms are forcibly joined , releasing energy .
It is , say scientists , the " holy grail " of energy production - completely clean and cheap .
The problem is , no - one has found a way of making fusion reactors produce more energy than they consume to run .
' I was inspired '
Mr Suppes , 32 , is part of a growing community of " fusioneers " - amateur science junkies who are building homemade fusion reactors , for fun and with an eye to being part of the solution to that problem .
He is the 38th independent amateur physicist in the world to achieve nuclear fusion from a homemade reactor , according to community site Fusor.net .
Others on the list include a 15 - year - old from Michigan and a doctoral student in Ohio .
Image caption Mr Suppes has spent the last two years perfecting his reactor
" I was inspired because I believed I was looking at a technology that could actually work to solve our energy problems , and I believed it was something that I could at least begin to build , " Mr Suppes told the BBC .
While they might un - nerve the neighbours , fusion reactors of this kind are perfectly legal in the US .
" As long as they [ private citizens ] obtain that material [ the components of the reactor ] legally , they could do whatever they want , " says Anne Stark , senior public information officer for California 's Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory .
During fusion , energy is released as atomic nuclei are forced together at high temperatures and pressures to form larger nuclei .
Scientists say devices like Mr Suppes ' pose no real threat to neighbouring communities or the environment because they contain no nuclear materials , such as uranium or plutonium .
" There is no chance of any kind of accident with fusion , " says Neil Calder , communications chief for Iter , a multi-national project begun in 1985 with the aim of demonstrating the feasibility of fusion power .
" There 's no CO2 pollution , there 's no greenhouse gases , you can't use it for proliferation [ the spread of nuclear weapons ] - it has so many advantages , " he said .
' Mechanics to janitors '
Government - led efforts to produce power from fusion have been going on around the world for 50 years .
Iter - funded by the EU , US , Japan , Russia , India , China , and South Korea - is working on a multi-billion dollar , advanced reactor , due to be built in the south of France by 2019 .
But the availability of equipment and technology has seen an increasing number of amateurs enter the fray .
Image caption News of a nuclear reactor in the neighbourhood got a mixed reception
" We have people in the whole gamut , from physicists to electronics people to car mechanics to even one janitor - and all these people share a common bond to do nuclear fusion in their home , " said Richard Hull , founder of Fusor.net .
Some experts are sceptical that all these people are producing fusion reactions , but when he demonstrates his device , Mr Suppes says a bubble meter placed next to the reactor indicates that a fast neutron , a by - product of fusion , has been produced .
The amateur scientist began building his reactor two years ago , purchasing parts on eBay with $ 35,000 of his own money and about $ 4,000 he raised on a website that connects artists and inventors with private investors .
" Real researchers that are working at Los Alamos [ US Department of Energy National Laboratory ] and are working at Lawrence Livermore are following this and commenting on it , even though it 's not an officially sanctioned project , " he says .
Tricky situation
Mr Suppes sees his work in nuclear fusion as more than just a hobby , and he intends to try to build one of the world 's first break - even reactors - a facility producing as much energy as it uses to operate .
" He now has to go out and do what everybody else has to do , which is to convince people to invest in his project - whether its government funding or private funding to carry him through , " said Mr Calder .
WHAT IS NUCLEAR FUSION ?
Image caption Mr Suppes is the 38th amateur physicist to achieve nuclear fusion Nuclear fusion is the source of energy in stars such as the sun
The best fuels for fusion are two types , or isotopes , of hydrogen - deuterium and tritium
Energy is released as atomic nuclei are forced together at high temperatures and pressures to form larger nuclei
Reproducing these conditions on Earth is extremely challenging
Mr Suppes is hoping to build a break - even reactor from plans created by the late Robert Bussard , a nuclear physicist who drew up plans for a fusion reactor that could convert hydrogen and boron into electricity .
Work on a scaled up version of a Bussard reactor , funded by the US Navy , has already been taking place in California .
But Mr Suppes believes he will be able to raise the millions of dollars it takes to build a Bussard reactor because he feels someone with enough money " will feel they cannot pass up the opportunity " to find out if it will work .
Iter said it would be wrong to dismiss out of hand the notion that an amateur could make a difference .
" I wo n't say something that puts these guys down , but it 's a tricky situation because there is a great deal of money and time and a lot of very experienced scientists working on fusion at the moment , " said Mr Calder .
" But that does not eliminate other ideas coming from a different group of people . "
What neighbours say
For Mr Suppes , convincing the experts is one thing .
Convincing the locals is another problem entirely .
" A homemade nuclear fusion reactor being built in Brooklyn - I would have thought there would be some sort of rules and laws about messing around with nuclear fusion in your apartment , " said Brooklyn resident Stephen Davis .
" I 'm not sure I 'd like that living right next to me . "
" The fact that he 's trying to form a new kind of energy is all well and good , " said another local , Christopher Wright .
" But without the proper scientific work behind it , I do n't know if it 's too good of an idea . "
But others had a more positive outlook on Mr Suppes ' reactor .
" I think it 's a good idea .
If a guy can make an invention like that , it should definitely be spread around so we do n't need to depend on oil , " Brooklynite Chris Stephens told the BBC .
" We need to do something that 's new and more creative for society . "
Tetsuya Ishida ( born in June 1973 , Shizuoka ) was a talented Japanese painter .
The characters in his painting appear unhappy and often their bodies are in pieces or part of some machine or other object .
Tetsuya Ishida died in 2005 after being hit by a train ( possibly suicide ) he leaving behind around 180 works created during his 10 year art career .
Tetsuya Ishida ( nato nel giugno del 1973 , Shizuoka ) è stato un talentuoso pittore giapponese .
I personaggi nei suoi dipiti appaiono infelici e spesso i loro corpi sono in pezzi o parte di una macchina o un altro oggetto .
Tetsuya Ishida è morto nel 2005 dopo essere stato colpito da un treno ( forse suicida ) , ha lasciato dietro di sé circa 180 opere create durante i suoi 10 anni di carriera artistica .
On November 26 , 2006 , one of Ishida ’s paintings , “ Untitled ” 2001 , sold at a Christie ’s Hong Kong “ Asian Contemporary Art ” auction for 780,000 HKD ( over USD $ 100,000 ) .
Il 26 novembre 2006 , uno dei dipinti , “ Untitled ” del 2001 , è stato venduto a un “ Christie ’s di Hong Kong ” Asian Contemporary Art , all ’asta per 780.000 HKD ( più di 100.000 Dollari ) .
EXCLUSIVE : He is behind the hottest show on television .
Now Emmy nominated Ryan Murphy has landed one of the biggest deals ever for a TV writer - producer that spans television , music and theater .
I hear he is closing a new 4 - year $ 24 - million overall deal with Glee producer 20th Century Fox TV for his services on the Fox series and new development through his Ryan Murphy Prods .
The sum includes advances against future profits .
Additionally , under the pact , Murphy will share profits from Glee ’s music business – album sales and downloads – and will also receive a portion of Glee ‘s touring and merchandising revenues .
Both clauses are retroactive , covering the show ’s red - hot freshman season .
Also , Murphy has the option to mount a Glee Broadway musical , on which he also would be a profit participant .
All in all , the new deal could potentially earn Murphy as much as $ 10 million a year over the next 4 years if Glee continues to grow .
In its size , it rivals the the $ 60 million five - year pact JJ Abrams inked with Paramount Pictures and Warner Bros TV in 2006 as that covered both Abrams ’ TV and feature services .
In scope , it is similar to the mega pact 20th TV has in place with Seth MacFarlane , which also includes multiple auxiliary revenue streams .
That deal could hit $ 100 million over its six - year span .
Murphy ’s new multi-faceted deal succeeds the 3 - year three - company pact Murphy inked in 2007 with News Corp. entities FX , 20th Century Fox TV and Fox Broadcasting Co .
That deal covered his services on his FX series Nip / Tuck , an overall deal with 20th TV that led to the development of Glee and a first - look component with 20th TV through which the network landed the hit dramedy .
Murphy has a strong track record .
He has created / co - created 3 series so far , the WB ’s Popular , Nip / Tuck and Glee .
Glee , which he co-created with Ian Brennan and Brad Falchuk , has dominated pop culture since its launch last fall , in addition to solid ratings and critical acclaim .
The musical dramedy recently earned 19 Emmy nominations , more than any other series .
Also recently , it landed a sizable off - network syndication deal with Oxygenafter after only one season .
The show has also become a music industry powerhouse , setting records with 3 consecutive No.1 albums within a calendar year and 14 Top 40 hits .
It also has boosted the sales for every artist whose songs have been featured on the show and also spawned a sold - out concert tour .
After a start in journalism , CAA - repped Murphy segued to screenwriting in the late 1990s when his romantic comedy script Why Ca n’t I Be Audrey Hepburn ? was purchased by Steven Spielberg .
In addition to his strong TV career , Murphy has continued to stay active in features .
His most recent movie , Sony Pictures ’ Julia Roberts starrer Eat Pray Love , opens August 13 .
Ryan recently signed a new $ 5 - million deal with Sony to write and direct another feature starring Roberts .
Jess is a freelance tech , automotive and lifestyle journalist sharing her journey in this blog , the place where it all started .
Feeling Stylish covers fashion , fitness and health with plenty of personal style posts thrown in along the way .
Find out more about Jess at Jessshanahan.com
Super fun family experience walking through pre-historic times !
The life - size dinosaurs around every corner on the trail were something to behold , the kids loved it and was a good education for them and us all at the same time .
There is a little restaurant there as well which we enjoyed the food at .
The terrain is flat and doable for people with disabilities , using their walking aids .
An all round fun and pleasant day !
There are some basic ground rules that apply to all system programming , so obvious that most documentation does not bother explaining them because these rules should have been internalized by practitioners of the art to the point where they need not be expressed .
In the same way that when plotting driving directions you would n't even consider ...
This startling footage was recently captured by a security camera outside a Dallas , Texas home .
While some might think that the video simply depicts extraterrestrial visitors or even birds , we all know they are DMT machine elves that have broken through the extra-dimensional barrier to frolic on our driveways .
( Coast to Coast ) READ THE REST
He says : " I knew I was going to get whacked and it came pretty close .
So it was either me or them .
I knew it , and they knew it .
Initially , I had a lot of remorse and it took me a long time to forgive myself for what I did , for being a rat .
But I knew I saved a lot of lives by putting a lot of horrible people away .
You live by the sword , you die by the sword . "
PITTSBURGH -- Prized Pittsburgh rookie Pedro Alvarez is finally hitting .
So are the rest of the Pirates .
Alvarez had two home runs for the second consecutive game and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Milwaukee Brewers 15 - 3 Wednesday night .
The No. 2 overall draft pick from 2008 hit a two - run homer to center in the fifth and a solo shot off the right - field pole in the eighth , giving him seven in his past 14 games .
" Obviously , those first few weeks , it 's a million miles an hour , and as time goes on you get used to it a little bit more and more , " Alvarez said .
" You kind of just play and not try to do too much , and that 's what 's going on right now . "
Delwyn
Young had a home run and a career - high five RBIs to help Pittsburgh win for the fourth time in five games .
On Tuesday , Alvarez had a grand slam and a solo homer in the Pirates ' 11 - 9 win over Milwaukee .
" I think we 're going to need a little advice on how to pitch to Alvarez , " Brewers manager Ken Macha said .
The Pirates entered the All - Star break last in the National League in runs , batting average and homers but have scored 47 runs on 55 hits in their past four wins .
" It 's a nice change of pace form what we had been going through , " said rookie second baseman Neil Walker , who had two hits and two RBIs .
" We 're really hoping this will carry us through the near and distant future . "
George Kottaras homered for the Brewers , who had a starting pitcher allow more then 10 runs for the third time in four games .
" That 's no fun , " Macha said .
" You want to sit there where I sit ?
That 's no fun . "
Pittsburgh has won four of five and improved its home record to 23 - 22 -- despite being 26 games under .500 overall .
Randy Wolf ( 7 - 9 ) allowed a career - high 12 runs and 13 hits in 5 2/3 innings , and his ERA went from 4.56 to 5.20 .
" I did n't do my job today , " said Wolf , who volunteered to the Brewers coaching staff to stay in the game to save a beleaguered bullpen .
" It 's extremely frustrating .
I was getting to the point I liked the way I was throwing the ball , and then you have a day like today where you just get killed . "
Zach Duke ( 4 - 9 ) had lost eight of his previous nine decisions but snapped a five - decision home losing streak by allowing three runs , two earned , on six in six - plus innings .
Pittsburgh had scored only 18 total runs in his past eight starts combined .
" Our offense is really fun to watch right now , " Duke said .
" It was just a matter of keeping it close until we exploded . "
The Pirates , who had a nine - run first inning Tuesday , scored six in the fourth Wednesday and only had two scoreless innings out of eight .
Young -- in the lineup only because Andrew McCutchen is out with a shoulder injury -- hit a three - run homer in the fourth and had RBI singles in the first and sixth innings .
" Hitting 's contagious and hopefully it continues over days and days and weeks and months and keep going from there , " Young said .
" The energy is good in here right now .
" The first guy gets a hit , you want to move him over and drive him in , the next guy gets a hit and it keeps snowballing ...
The hard part is just keeping the momentum . "
The last time the Pirates had a player with five RBIs in two straight games was May 3 - 4 , 1973 , when Al Oliver had six May 3 at San Francisco and Rennie Stennett drive in five the next day in San Diego .
Game notes
Brewers Hall of Fame radio broadcaster Bob Uecker will be back in the booth in Milwaukee on Friday , just three months after heart surgery .
The 75 - year - old broadcaster underwent surgery April 30 to replace his aortic valve , aortic root and part of his ascending aorta .
... Pirates C Ryan Doumit left the game after three innings due to feeling light - headed and nauseated .
Doumit , replaced by Erik Kratz , missed Tuesday 's game after taking a foul ball off his mask during Monday 's game .
...
Milledge extended his hitting streak to nine games .
Mariah : Mariah is a Systems Engineer for a company with a silly name .
When she 's not killing herself in school , she 's dancing , dating , traveling , eating , blogging about eating , and going to Alamo Draft House .
Laura : Laura enjoys practicing yoga , cooking , eating , blogging about eating , traveling , reading and taking pretty photos .
She 's currently hanging out in London and writing about her adventures at www.TexasOnThames.com
Super rich :
Tax my estate , please
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Some high - profile , high net - worth folks on Wednesday called on Congress to impose a " strong " estate tax going forward .
" Our country is on an unsustainable fiscal path .
[ Revenue from an estate tax can ] fund deficit reduction , additional public investment , or added assistance to those affected by the economic crisis , " said Robert Rubin , who served as Treasury secretary during the Clinton administration and more recently as chairman of Citigroup .
Moreover , Rubin added , " our nation has always held itself out as a meritocracy and a land of opportunity , and an estate tax helps avoid accumulation of inherited economic and political power that is antithetical to this historical vision of our society . "
Rubin was joined by former hedge fund manager Julian Robertson , Walt Disney 's grand - niece Abigail Disney and AFL - CIO president Richard Trumka on a call organized by liberal group United for a Fair Economy .
Like a lot of other tax provisions , the ultimate fate of the estate tax is still very much in limbo on Capitol Hill .
This year , to everyone 's surprise , Congress allowed the estate tax to lapse altogether for one year .
And barring further action , the estate tax will be restored in January to its 2001 levels , which no one likes -- a $ 1 million exemption and 55 % top rate .
But there is no consensus on what to do about that .
What next for the estate tax :
The debate is made more complex by growing concern over the country 's fiscal situation given the economic slowdown and the approach of unsustainable spending by the end of the decade .
The individuals who spoke out on Wednesday are advocating for an estate tax that is equal to or stronger than what was in place in 2009 .
Last year , the first $ 3.5 million of a person 's estate was exempt from the tax , and the rest was taxed at a top rate of 45 % .
President Obama has proposed making the estate tax permanent at those levels .
But there are other proposals , including some for full repeal .
The most well - known is a bipartisan proposal from Sens. Blanche Lincoln , D - Ark. , and Jon Kyl , R - Ariz . , which calls for a $ 5 million exemption level and a top rate of 35 % .
The Lincoln - Kyl proposal did n't get a thumbs - up from the players at Wednesday 's press conference .
Instead , their preferences fell within a range of proposals calling for exemption levels somewhere between $ 2 million and $ 3.5 million with a top rate between 45 % and 55 % .
All of these proposals would affect far fewer than 1 % of all estates , according to estimates from the Tax Policy Center .
The Congressional Budget Office estimates that if nothing were done and a $ 1 million exemption level were restored , the estate tax would raise $ 419 billion over 10 years .
Obama 's proposal would reduce that intake by $ 244 billion , while full repeal would reduce revenue by $ 502 billion .
The estate tax debate :
Those who want the estate tax extinguished altogether contend , among other things , that it can harm economic growth by reducing efforts to work and build wealth through savings and investments .
And , they say , it places an unfair burden on family businesses and farms , the heirs to which may be forced to sell pieces of the business just to pay the estate tax bill .
The Tax Policy Center estimates that 2,630 such businesses would be affected if the exemption level falls to $ 1 million .
But only 100 would have taxable estates if the exemption level is set at $ 3.5 million , and only 40 would be affected at a $ 5 million exemption level .
Those who support an estate tax say , among other things , that it bolsters charitable giving , since making bequests is a tax - deductible event and reduces the size of one 's taxable estate .
Warren Buffett and Bill Gates have called on billionaires to become uber - philanthropists by giving away at least half of their net worth to charity .
Doing so would substantially reduce the taxes their heirs would owe and therefore greatly reduce Uncle Sam 's take .
" It 's a wonderful idea .
But the nonprofit sector can't do what the government does , " said Disney , who runs the Daphne Foundation .
She noted that directing money to a given cause is worthy but no substitute for putting money into a communal pot that the government can use to perform vital functions that no charity does -- like provide infrastructure and defense .
" What you do around estate taxes should not be to avoid paying your fair share , " she said .
27,000 abandoned oil wells in Gulf of Mexico
By Hiram Lee
8 July 2010
There are 27,000 abandoned oil wells in the Gulf of Mexico .
In spite of the potential for oil leaks due to corrosion and underground pressure , the wells are not inspected by the US government or any agency within the oil industry .
These revelations were uncovered as part of an investigative report conducted by the Associated Press which describes the Gulf of Mexico as “ an environmental minefield . ”
According to the AP , over half of the 50,000 wells which have been drilled in the federal waters of the Gulf of Mexico have been abandoned , with 23,500 of them considered permanently sealed .
As many as 3,500 of the wells are considered “ temporarily abandoned . ”
The oldest of the abandoned wells investigated by the AP date back to the 1940s .
Wells are abandoned by oil companies when they are considered to no longer be profitable , or when the potential for the amount of oil to be drawn from the well is not as high as the company may have initially believed .
According to the AP , “ Some owners temporarily abandon wells to await a rise in oil prices . ”
The standard procedure for plugging a well to be abandoned permanently by an oil company involves cutting riser piping 15 feet beneath the seabed , filling the well with heavy liquid , often referred to as drilling mud , to prevent the flow of oil and capping the well with cement plugs which can be up to 200 feet in length .
Several factors can cause abandoned wells to leak or fail , including erosion or aging in the cement used to plug the wells and repressurization of wells due to changes in geological conditions .
Erosion in well casing or other areas of the well structure can allow oil and gas to escape to the surface .
This can occur gradually or in a sudden catastrophic blowout .
The permanent sealing of an offshore well is costly and time consuming , costing as much as $ 200,000 and taking as many as 10 days work .
Many oil companies get around this by classifying their wells as “ temporarily abandoned , ” so they can plug the wells in a less thorough and expensive process .
Federal regulations only mandate that companies provide a yearly plan stating their intentions to either return to the well or to seal it permanently in the future .
Using this loophole , companies can leave their wells in a kind of legal limbo for years .
They can do so knowing they will face no repercussion from governmental regulating industries .
The AP found that the federal Minerals Management Service ( MMS ) has issued fines of “ just $ 440,000 on seven companies from 2003 - 2007 for improper plug - and - abandonment work . ”
The AP reports that “ About three - quarters of temporarily abandoned wells have been left in that status for more than a year , and many since the 1950s and 1960s — even though sealing procedures for temporary abandonment are not as stringent as those for permanent closures . ”
BP has abandoned no less than 600 wells in the Gulf of Mexico .
Relief wells could be ineffective
A contractor with BP has said the company is ahead of schedule in drilling its first relief well .
Billy Brown , the president of Blackhawk Specialty Tools , a company hired by BP to work on the cementing process of the relief well plan , claims BP is within ten feet of intersecting with its leaking Macondo well .
Brown recently told reporters “ hopefully in the next two weeks we are going to be hearing some very good things . ”
National Incident Commander Thad Allen gave reporters a different estimate on Tuesday saying , “ They have about 264 feet left to go before they can get to a point where they can potentially intercept the well . ”
Allen is standing by the timeline which places completion of the first relief well in mid-August , even though he says BP is a week ahead of schedule .
The relief wells are intended to intersect the blown - out Macondo well at a depth of 18,000 feet .
Once the wells intersect , a heavy liquid will be pumped into the leaking well in order to stop the flow of oil .
The Macondo well will then be plugged with concrete .
While BP ’s plan to stop the leak with relief wells has been promoted as the ultimate solution to the Deepwater Horizon disaster and the more trustworthy fall - back plan once all other efforts to stop the leak had failed , there is a real possibility the relief wells could also be ineffective .
David Rensink , the incoming president of the American Association of Petroleum Geologists , has discussed the difficulties involved with intersecting the leaking well .
Rensink told reporters , “ You ’re trying to intersect the well bore , which is about a foot wide , with another well bore , which is about a foot wide . ”
Rensink has said making contact on the first attempt “ would truly be like winning the lottery . ”
There is a danger that if BP misses its target , it could drill into a high - pressure zone and cause a gas “ kick ” which might lead to a blowout in the relief well itself .
However , even if the company does hit its target on the first try , there is still no guarantee of success .
In an online discussion hosted by the Washington Post , John Hofmeister , the former president of Shell Oil and the current CEO of Citizens for Affordable Energy , discussed the possibility that the Macondo well casing could have been damaged during the April 20 blowout or eroded by the leaking oil , putting the success of a relief well in doubt .
Damage to the casing could allow the mud to be forced into the well to escape and prevent it from bringing the flow of oil to a halt .
“ If the casing is compromised , ” wrote Hofmeister , “ the well is that much more difficult to shut down , including the risk that the relief wells may not be enough .
If the relief wells do not result in stopping the flow , the next and drastic step is to implode the well on top of itself , which carries other risks as well . ”
Will HIV eventually go the way of smallpox and polio ?
Earlier this month , scientists at the National Institute of Health ( NIH ) announced their discovery of three new HIV antibodies , the most powerful of which neutralizes 91 % of all HIV strains .
These are the strongest antibodies yet found , and they could hold the key to developing a vaccine to AIDS .
HIV antibodies themselves are n’t rare , and scientists regularly find ones that are effective against a few different strains .
But until last year , the most powerful antibody found only protected against about 40 % of strains .
New techniques for rapidly identifying antibodies have changed this , and sparked an unprecedented number of breakthroughs : in the past year , about half a dozen broadly neutralizing antibodies have been identified .
These new antibodies are extremely potent ( they neutralize the virus at low blood concentrations ) and protect against many more strains of HIV .
The research was published as two separate papers in Science ( found here and here ) .
The new antibodies were found in the blood of an HIV - positive man dubbed Donor 45 in the scientific literature .
Donor 45 is what ’s called a long - term nonprogressor .
He has been living in good health with HIV for over 20 years , and although his body has standard viral load , his antibodies keep the virus from invading his cells .
His body generates the antibodies naturally , and they started being produced after the virus was already contracted .
Scientists do not believe Donor 45 ’s antibodies are the result of any special genes , and they ’re hoping that anyone ’s body could be induced into producing them .
As of 2008 , the United Nations estimated that approximately 33 million people had HIV / AIDS , and between two and three million people contract the virus each year .
An HIV vaccine has been the holy grail of AIDS research , but until recently the results have disappointed .
The AIDSVAX vaccine developed by VaxGen failed its North American trial in 2003 , and a second trial in Thailand only reduced the rate of transmission by 26 % .
But previous attempts were n’t working with the antibodies we have today , and there are good reasons to think that the next vaccine will be a game changer .
Like most viruses , HIV is capable of mutating and adapting to the immune systems of its hosts , which accounts for the variety of virus strains and complicates efforts to develop a comprehensive vaccine .
But one section of the virus does not mutate : the viral “ spike ” which punctures cell walls and delivers the invading genetic cargo .
Because a mutation on the spike would prevent the virus from replicating itself , essentially all existing strains of HIV are identical along this site .
The most effective antibodies – like those discovered over the last year – are ones that neutralize this Achilles ’ heel common to all strains of the virus .
Scientists used this critical site to generate a “ resurfaced protein probe ” – basically a reconstructed version of the virus that mimics the structure of the spike and attracts relevant antibodies in the blood .
This provides a method to quickly test for AIDS - specific antibodies in individuals with HIV , and is the most promising technique for developing any type of universal vaccine .
As we ’ve previously reported , efforts are currently underway to develop a universal influenza vaccine using the same basic approach .
The new antibodies cover most HIV strains , but not all .
Researchers are now working on combining multiple antibodies into a cocktail capable of neutralizing all variants of the virus .
Unpublished research by Dr. John Mascola , deputy director of the Vaccine Research Center and coauthor on the study , shows that combining multiple broadly neutralizing antibodies results in a near - universal vaccine – only 1 strain in 95 survived an early combo .
The next step – developing a vaccine from the antibodies – is no simple task , as researchers are publicly recognizing .
Generating a vaccine requires making a harmless version of the virus in question , one which can be safely introduced to the immune system .
HIV is particularly tricky to replicate safely because its dead form loses its antigenicity – its capacity to generate an immune antibody response , which is the point of a vaccine .
The antibodies found in Donor 45 will only lead to a vaccine if they can be used to generate an innocuous , antigenic form of the virus .
But there ’s good news : the proof of concept has already arrived .
As the Wall Street Journal has reported , research at Merck & Co. earlier this year showed that reverse engineering an HIV vaccine from antibodies is possible .
The study used much weaker antibodies than those recently discovered ( i.e. they were not broadly neutralizing ) .
The process was delicate and required some creative chemistry , adding additional bonds to the viral structure to maintain its shape in a harmless form – but it worked .
Recreating this success with broadly neutralizing antibodies holds a great deal of promise for a future universal HIV vaccine .
Vaccination wiped out both polio and the smallpox virus , which were the devastating diseases of their day .
Now , both HIV and ( as we recently reported ) cancer are being targeted using modern techniques , and could soon join the list of vaccination success stories .
A great deal of work lies ahead , but the initial results – and the rapid pace with which they ’re pouring in – should be a source of hope for the future .
[ image credit : National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Disease VRC , The Wall Street Journal ]
Santa Rosa Island officials flew the double - red flag – no swimming – over Pensacola Beach in Florida after a swath of thick oil washed ashore from the Gulf oil spill June 23 .
Two days later , against the warnings of federal health officials and based on a visual survey of the beach , the local island authority director , Buck Lee , reopened the beaches for swimming , urging residents and tourists to come back to the beach .
Officials left the ultimate decision on whether it was safe to swim to beachgoers .
This week , health officials in Escambia County , Fla. , which includes Pensacola Beach , reported that about 400 people claimed they felt sick after visiting the beach and swimming in the Gulf .
The massive oil slick hovering off the shore of the US Gulf Coast threatens an entire tourist season that , in Florida alone , represents $ 65 million in revenue .
The situation in Pensacola Beach points to the growing difficulty of balancing the potential and largely unknown health effects of a spill making only localized landfall against the political and economic motivations of hard - hit beach communities facing a canceled summer .
" Perception is a bigger enemy than reality , because would - be visitors are not willing to really do the research or take even a small amount of risk , " says Adam Sacks , managing director of Tourism Economics , a consultancy firm in Wayne , Pa .
Testing by the University of West Florida in recent days has indicated small amounts of dissolved petrochemicals in the water near Pensacola Beach .
" There are molecules dissolved in the water and you can't see them , " Dick Snyder , a biologist at the University of West Florida , told a local TV station .
" We do n't know how much of that there is , but we suspect there 's a lot , "
Federal officials have urged caution about swimming in areas not only near the spill , but also where oil actually came ashore , and where tides buried some of the oil smudges .
Federally managed National Seashore beaches on both sides of Pensacola Beach remained closed to swimming .
" My recommendation to the Santa Rosa Island Authority was to keep the beach closed until we can get a better handle on the actual material out here and to get more of it up , " EPA official Charlie Fitzsimmons told the Pensacola News - Journal June 25 .
Local officials took a different tack .
Water quality tests that take three days to complete have proven useless because of the daily , even hourly , movement of the slick along the shore , says Mr. Lee , the island authority director .
Instead , officials are relying on life guards scouring the 8 - mile beach to look for oil – as well as the common sense of bathers .
" If you see oil in the water , do n't swim in it , and hopefully people will have enough sense not to do that , " says Lee .
As to reports of people feeling sick , he says , " People have different reactions .
You and I may go in the water , swim around , look for shells and come out of the water and your eyes may be burning and mine may be fine .
It affects different people different ways . "
Another problem for local officials weighing the bathing risks : Scientists do n't know the health effects of dissolved petroleum in the water .
" Someone needs to invent that test , " says Lee .
From the Pensacola Beach Pier , residents reported seeing families with kids swimming in water near a sheen and a concentration of emulsified oil bobbing on the waves .
The situation reminds some residents of the 1975 movie " Jaws , " in which the mayor and beach businesspeople do n't want to close the beach because it would ruin the Fourth of July weekend , despite reports of a man-eating shark in the area .
The health effects of the oil and chemical dispersants used in the cleanup have become a major issue in the Gulf oil spill .
Many cleanup workers are bused in from low - income urban areas , including from Anniston , Ala .
A BP contractor told a Monitor reporter at a dock in Bon Seceur , Ala. , on June 25 , " Do n't ask the workers any questions . "
The Louisiana Health Department says 108 workers have become ill from working the oil spill .
Some health effects have been attributed to working in heavy hazmat suits in the Gulf summer heat .
In Pensacola , health officials have swapped advisory signs that urged against swimming for 35 " oil impact " signs along the beach that tells residents to be on the lookout for oil , and to swim at their own risk .
The EPA is setting up decontamination stations along the beach to help beachgoers clean oil off their bodies .
The diverse nature of the spill 's effect on beaches has complicated the manner in which officials warn residents – especially as the economic implications are becoming clear .
Pensacola Beach is experiencing a hotel cancellation rate of 75 percent as the height of the summer season approaches .
" We have a situation that changes from one hour to the next , from one tide to the next , from wave to wave , from one wind direction to another , " Escambia County Health Department Director John Lanza tells the Pensacola News - Journal .
Florida Gov. Charlie Crist told the " CBS Morning Show " this week that he went for a swim on Pensacola Beach after BP crews cleaned it up .
He said continual testing done by the county has shown that the waters are clean .
" There is n't a toxic nature , " Governor Crist said .
" It 's much more of a nuisance than anything at this point .
But it is safe . "
Related :
GoldenEye 007
A first - person shooter for the Nintendo 64 and a video game tie - in with the 1995 James Bond film GoldenEye .
It paved the way for a long line of shooter games based on the universe of the British secret agent and is often credited for helping establish first - person shooters for consoles .
Horrific though the Gulf of Mexico oil spill has been , its output is still short of what occurred a century ago in scrubby brush about 110 miles north of Los Angeles — site of the Lakeview gusher .
While some experts believe the well off Louisiana has spewed upwards of 60 million gallons of oil into the gulf , the Lakeview well rained about 378 million gallons over an area between the towns of Taft and Maricopa .
The spill following the April 20 oil rig explosion in the gulf is , of course , a much bigger environmental and economic disaster .
But the two wells had one thing in common -- neither could be immediately capped .
Lakeview ’s geyser of crude , in fact , flowed for more than 17 months .
“ It roars and rips like hell , ” the publication California Oil World said at the time .
“ It smells and terrifies like hell … .
Some of those who watched it the first night declared that it ejected glowing stones . ”
And to think , Lakeview ’s foreman was a guy nicknamed Dry Hole Charlie because of his association with unproductive wells .
Perhaps the only person unsurprised by the Lakeview gusher was a mysterious old - timer fond of telling anyone who would listen that reddish grass meant oil below — something about the sunburned seed pods and moisture and the presence of underground faults .
( Who needed geologists back then ? )
The story has it that a novice oil - seeker named Julius Fried took him at his word , authors Kenny Franks and Paul Lambert wrote in “ Early California Oil . ”
Fried , a grocery salesman , purchased one such patch of ground and co-founded the Lakeview Oil Co .
The first several months of drilling below the reddish stalks , however , yielded nothing but brown earth , yellow clay and gray sand .
When Lakeview encountered financial problems , Los Angeles - based Union Oil ( now part of Unocal Corp. ) bought a controlling interest in the company but mainly because it wanted to use the area for storage containers .
After more months of unsuccessful drilling , the owners in Los Angeles sent word to abandon the effort , The Times recalled in 1911 .
But the optimistic men at the site “ kept on in disobeyance of orders . ”
Then , on March 15 , 1910 , 2,200 feet below the surface , the well blew .
( Some sources give the date as March 14 . )
The eruption not only demolished the wooden derrick but created “ such a large crater that nobody had a chance to get to what was left of the hole to try to control it , ” author Max Miller wrote .
“ What we feared was an early rain , ” recalled Charles “ Dry Hole ” Woods , confronted with too much of a good thing .
“ A flash flood could have spread our ocean of oil down over the valley below .
So we went up into the hills with an army of 600 men and dammed up the mouths of the canyon with earth walls 20 feet high and 50 feet thick . ”
The well was circled by sand - bag barricades and a roof was thrown over the mouth .
In danger downhill was the Buena Vista Lake , inspiration for the Lakeview name .
Fire was also a terrifying possibility .
The workers were “ covered from head to foot with the black sticky stuff , ” one author wrote , “ standing in a shower of hot oil that caused the skin to blister and peel off wherever it stuck . ”
The site became a tourist attraction .
Special trains carried gawkers to Taft .
Preachers showed up to lead prayers that the geyser of crude “ would not flood the world , ” as Miller wrote .
Some folks saw the gusher as a sign of disapproval from the Almighty .
Had n’t one preacher in Pennsylvania warned drillers that the oil was meant to remain in the earth to “ kindle the fires of Hell ” ?
Finally on Sept. 9 , 1911 , thousands of feet below the surface , the well caved in and sealed itself .
It “ died as suddenly as it was born , ” wrote author William Rintoul .
There had been no flood or fire .
And no one was killed , though the long - term effects on the health of the workers were never studied ( some complained of skin problems ) .
Of the 378 million gallons of oil that gushed out , about 40 % was captured .
The ensuing surplus dropped the price of oil by about half , to 30 cents a barrel .
Dry Hole Charlie moved on and in the following years “ lived up to his previous reputation by drilling only dry holes , one after another , ” Miller wrote .
Today , a plaque , California Historical Landmark No. 485 , marks the site of what it calls “ America ’s most spectacular gusher . ”
The terrain is nearly as barren as it was a century ago .
Agnes Hardt , a docent with the West Kern Oil Museum in Taft , took an international group of archeologists out to the site a while ago .
“ I could tell they were disappointed , like , ‘ We drove out here for this ? ’ ” she said .
“ It ’s more exciting to read about it than it is to see . ”
A brief YouTube video ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9qFrwi4pnGg) shows the remains of the well cavity , a few sandbags and the nearby surface where the ground turned to asphalt .
There are no oil wells in the area .
But there does n’t seem to be any red grass , either .
steveharvey9@gmail.com
New York ( CNN ) --
A heat wave of historic proportions could strike some Northeastern states as forecasters warn of prolonged triple - digit temperatures that could trigger " a dangerous situation , " the National Weather Service advised Monday .
The Weather Service has issued an excessive heat advisory for several Northeastern cities to take effect Monday afternoon as humidity levels gradually increase , producing heat index values to persist and surpass 100 degrees .
Excessive heat advisories have been issued for the Philadelphia metropolitan area until Wednesday evening , and in New York City , a heat advisory is in effect from to 2 p.m. Monday until 6 p.m.
Tuesday as high humidity levels and high temperatures linger for two consecutive days , the Weather Service reported .
The increase in humidity , matched by weather patterns , may force the Weather Service to issue additional heat advisories for central New Jersey , northeastern Maryland and central and southern Delaware .
The Weather Service advised people affected by the heat to " drink plenty of fluids , " stay out of the sun and in air - conditioned rooms , and to check up on relatives and neighbors .
i Report : Share your favorite hot weather activities and cool - down tricks
New York City residents are advised to call 311 to find cooling centers and obtain " beat the heat " safety instructions , the Weather Service reported .
A heat wave is considered to be a stretch of more than 90 - degree temperatures .
Tuesday is expected to be the hottest day of the stretch , with highs ranging from 100 to 102 degrees and heat index values up to 106 , the Weather Service warned .
Toronto simmers at sunrise
According to the Weather Service , in the 40 - year period from 1936 through 1975 , nearly 20,000 people were killed in the United States by the effects of heat and solar radiation .
And in the heat wave of 1980 , more than 1,250 people died , the Weather Service said .
The New Jersey man who intentionally vomited on another spectator and his 11 - year - old daughter at a Phillies game has been sentenced to jail .
Matthew Clemmens , 21 , pleaded guilty in May to charges of assault , harassment and disorderly conduct and today was sentenced to one - to - three months in jail .
A Family Court judge also sentenced him to two years of probation and 50 hours of community service .
The maximum penalty was two years in jail .
Clemmens admitted he stuck his fingers down his throat and vomited on Michael Vangelo , an off - duty Easton police captain , and Vangelo 's daughter at a Phillies - Nationals game on April 14 .
( Via the AP )
A lack of timely and legal access to movies and music is encouraging New Zealanders to illegally download them , says a New Zealand entrepreneur .
At a parliamentary commerce select committee today Lance Wiggs , a co-founder of Pacific Fibre , which has plans to set up high - speed broadband links between New Zealand , Australia and the United States , took a markedly different view towards illegal downloading than recording industry representatives who also appeared .
Mr Wiggs , making a submission on the Copyright ( Infringing File Sharing ) Amendment Bill , argued there should n't be an onus on ISPs ( internet service providers ) to play a role in stopping or discouraging illegal downloading carried out by their customers .
They should n't be forced to " piss off " their customers by warning them about how they use the internet , he said .
He was vehemently against a provision in the bill which can lead to repeat offenders having their connections suspended and suggested the recording industry needed to get with the times and make films available to legally buy online on release , rather than holding out in preference for release in theatres .
New Zealanders seeking to download the latest music or films were sometimes finding the only way to do so was through illegal means , he said .
The bill , which amends the Copyright Act 1994 , provides for ISPs to give account holders infringement notices warning that file sharing may infringe copyright , and that continued infringement may result in enforcement action .
A third notice can open the way for legal action involving compensation orders and potentially an internet connection suspension .
New Zealand music industry representatives said illegal downloads were decimating the industry here and that music sales for the vast majority of artists had dropped from $ 119 million in 2001 to less than $ 70 m last year .
They argued ISPs should be leading players in helping tackle the problem and that it was pointless that the three warning proviso in the bill only applied to recordings from one copyright holder , meaning after the first warning offenders could simply move on and target another copyright holder .
Arguments on both sides of the equation are complex , but Recording Industry Association NZ ( Rianz ) chief executive Campbell Smith said the bottom line was simply that strong deterrents were needed to discourage illegal downloaders and ensure they were instead encouraged to download from legal sources .
Mr Wiggs said the people who were stealing the recordings and making them available to others were the ones that should be targeted .
In a world where internet connections were increasingly important parts of everyday life - including for health and safety reasons - punishment for downloads should not involve taking away rights to access , Mr Wiggs said .
Mussel Flavour
The liquid mussel flavour is an " all natural and clean labels " product .
It is characterized by a fresh and distinct seafood flavour , and is the perfect base for a variety of seafood dishes ranging from the traditional Tom yum soup , Miso Soup , Noodle soup , bouillabaisse , Risotto to Paella .......
Mussel Liquid
Distribution in the Baltic states
We are proud to introduce our new distributor in the Baltic States C.H. Erbslöh .
Their activity is distribution of special chemicals and industrial minerals and additives for customers in Baltic States .
Baltic states
A2 Trading on sightseeing Our new agent in Germany visited Seafood Flavours in the middel of May for introduction to our products and sightseeing of the mussel fishery and factory processes .
View pictures from the visit
The Count Saint Germain may have been more legend than man .
Yes , we know that he lived and we know some of what he did .
However , there have been so many claims made about this man that it is difficult to sort the truth from the embellishments .
An Embellishment of History
Of course , many would claim that there were no embellishments and that he really was all that people claimed him to be .
If this were so , it would mean that the Count of St. Germain was the Wandering Jew , an alchemist with the secret to eternal life , a man that could turn various metals into gold , a man that could melt diamonds and form them however he wished , a proficient musician , artist and linguist and so much more .
Who was Count of Saint Germain ?
The Count of Saint Germain was not a Saint and may not even have been a Count .
The place and circumstances of his birth are completely unknown .
However , there have been many theories presented over the past few centuries .
Some believe that he was a man of noble birth whose family was disgraced somehow and he , therefore , had to hide his true identity .
Others believe that he was born long before his presence was documented and that he was immortal .
Theosophists believe him to be an Oriental Adept .
Whoever he was , he never divulged any information regarding his birth to anyone during his ( known ) lifetime .
His Travels
It appears that the Count St. Germain may have arrived on the scene in Europe as early as 1710 .
At that time , he appeared to be in his mid-forties .
The story goes that he always appeared this way .
He seemed to never age .
From 1737 - 1742 , he was supposedly in Persia studying alchemy .
He went to Versailles in 1742 and then in 1743 he was in England for the Jacobite Revolution .
He then went to Vienna to visit Frederick the Great and then to Edinburgh in 1745 .
In 1755 , Count Saint Germain went to India .
When he came back , he stayed in the Royal Chateau of Chambord in Touraine on King Louis XV ’s invitation .
There he rubbed elbows with Voltaire , who appeared to be impressed by the man .
In fact , Voltaire described him as :
A man who knows everything and who never dies .
Voltaire
Count St. Germain left France and went to Hague and London in 1760 .
In 1762 he supposedly went to Russia and was involved in the revolution there under the pseudonym Graf Saltikoff .
He later traveled to Germany and Bavaria .
All the while maintaining a middle - aged appearance .
Count St. Germain died on February 27 , 1784 .
There is a record of his death and burial .
A Man of Many Talents
During his time in Europe during the 1700s , the Count of St. Germain ’s acquaintances had an awful lot to say about this strange man .
He was said to have had a striking appearance , especially his eyes .
He was reportedly a very talented musician and composer who shared his work with Tchaikovsky and Prince Ferdinand von Lobkowitz .
Two of his compositions dwell in the British Museum .
One of them was written in 1745 and the other in 1760 .
He even performed on the harpsichord for Frederick the Great .
Count St. Germain was said to have knowledge of Sanscrit , Chinese , and Arabic .
He also spoke Swedish , Portuguese , French , Italian , German , Spanish and Russian flawlessly .
He was a painter of some renown .
It is said that he could make the jewels in his paintings appear strikingly realistic .
He was also a collector of diamonds and wore many of them to social events .
There were claims that he could also fix flawed diamonds .
Odd Behavior
The Count of St. Germain was also said to have some very strange habits .
Some people claimed that he never ate in public , but that he would drink a special tea frequently .
There were also claims that he often made strange comments about his age .
He would speak of times long since past as if he had been there .
He reportedly told an acquaintance who had made a comment that he must be more than one hundred years old that it was “ not impossible . ”
Savants : Genius Through Disorder
Many people have claimed to be the Count St. Germain in the centuries since his death was documented .
Others have claimed to have seen him in various places .
He has been referred to as “ The man who does not die . ”
He has been credited with the gift of eternal life , or at least of extremely long life , but are any of these claims credible ?
It is hard to be certain because there are so many of them .
However , it is extremely doubtful , for obvious reasons .
The Count of Saint Germain is credited with so many rare ( and fictitious ) abilities that it seems almost certain that his talents have been embellished over the years and during his lifetime .
He may have encouraged this behavior , for all we know .
It is quite possible that he was a very talented con man .
Either that , or he was an exceptionally old , yet youthful man who was impossibly intelligent and talented .
At this point , it is impossible to tell .
His story has been told so many times , in so many ways , that the truth is probably quite different from what has been said .
That leaves us with the possibility that we may never know the truth about the Count St. Germain
By Dave Lindorff
Looking at the catastrophe in the Gulf of Mexico , where impact of the greed of corporate executives at British Petroleum , TransOcean and Halliburton , not to mention the greed of paid - off regulators in the Minerals Management Service and the members of the House and Senate who took dirty money to water down drilling regulations is evident , I was reminded of a prominent business leader in New York , recently deceased .
Told by his sister of a young woman she knew who had posted a sign on her wall saying , " Happiness is not having what you want , but wanting what you have , " this executive , who had held a top position in the media , sniffed , " Ugh !
That 's terrible .
If people thought like that , no one would strive to do anything . "
Of course , hundreds of thousands of people -- teachers , nurses , park rangers , musicians , writers , artists , small farmers and social workers -- spend their lives working at low wages trying to make others happy , or to produce things that bring joy to others , content that their lives have meaning .
Yet this same individual , who was worth a hundred million dollars , spent his life amassing ever more wealth , which is what the rich and powerful do .
He worked hard raking it in , riding roughshod over employees , competitors , and workers , all with the goal of obtaining more wealth , though he had no hope of ever spending what he had .
When he died , he left behind a family squabbling over the spoils .
And how different , really , was he from most wealthy , powerful people ?
To be sure , some give extravagantly to charity , especially when they die , but their bequests can never compensate for the harm they do in their lifetimes .
Let 's face it .
Capitalism is a disease - - a raging infection that causes its hosts to become sociopaths .
When I lived in Hong Kong , where I worked as a correspondent for Business Week magazine back in the mid-1990s , my wife Joyce and I adopted a baby boy from a local Hong Kong orphanage .
For the first six months , under the terms of the adoption process , we had Jed living with us in a foster - care arrangement , which required us to take him to regular visits to Queen Mary Hospital 's toddler clinic .
There we often met a British couple who at the same time as us had adopted two boys , both with physical disabilities -- one affecting his walking , and the other his vision .
The man was someone I knew professionally - - a major figure in the international investment banking industry who worked for a large British bank .
I knew he had been centrally involved in lucrative deals in Southeast Asia that had financed some poorly planned infrastructure projects that were displacing and destroying the lives of tens of thousands of poor people , and that he had actually been indicted in one country for having misled the government there about the risks involved in the loans .
But here he was , with his two adopted kids , just a model father : loving , patient and kind .
I was struck by this man 's ability to segment his personality into two discrete halves -- a caring human being , and a profit - maximizing monster ...
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Quote
Wanderer 's Friend - an Adventure mode crafting mod .
------
This mod allows extensive crafting to be conducted in Adventure mode , using material produced by butchering your kills .
It includes weapons , armour , various tools , ammunition and craft items like crowns , earrings and figurines .
The mod also includes limited potion - brewing in Adventure mode , with a more complex system intended in the future .
It also incorporates a material mod that allows for production of scale / hide , fur , feather , chitin , wool and dried gut thread in both Fortress and Adventure mode .
This component is optional due to bugs with the current version of Dwarf Fortress 's Adventure mode .
quite
large
Spoiler : Tools and uses .
( click to show / hide ) Scraper - used to tan fur and hides , clean chitin , and dry gut .
Carving knife - used to carve items from bone , wood or tooth / ivory .
Axe - used to harvest wood .
Needle - used to sew and repair leather goods .
Whetstone - used to hone weapons .
Comb - used to comb fleeces .
Mortar and pestle - used to grind up alchemical reagents .
Hammer - used for reinforcing armour with metal .
Campfire - used for producing coke and melting down metal armour and weapons .
Alembic - used for alchemy , but not yet !
Spoiler : Craftable items and components .
( click to show / hide )
Large bone weapons - two units of bone , a unit of wood and a unit of leather .
Spearheads and arrowheads - for stone , two rocks .
For bone or tooth , 1 unit of material and a carving knife .
Trophies , earrings , etc - 1 unit of a useable material like bone or tooth , and a carving knife .
Backpacks , waterskins , quivers , leather clothing - 1 tanned hide , 1 unit of thread and a needle .
Bone armour - 1 unit of bone and a carving knife .
Shields - 1 tanned hide , 1 unit of thread , 1 unit of material and a needle .
Arrowheads and spearheads - For bone or tooth , 1 unit of material and a carving knife .
For stone , two rocks .
Spears , bolts and arrows - 1 unit of material like wood or bone , 1 bundle of arrowheads or a spearhead , and a carving knife .
Bowstrings - 1 unit of thread , produces 2 bowstrings due to a bug .
Crossbows or bows - 1 unit of material , 1 bowstring and a carving knife .
Repairing leather gear -
One needle , 1 unit of thread and a piece of gear .
Honing weapons - 1 whetstone and 1 weapon .
Reinforced armour - the original item and some metal .
Potions - alchemical essence and a flask .
The exact combinations are up to you to work out .
Good evening , ladies and gentlemen .
Here is my offering based on the wonderful new adventure mode reactions Toady 's gifted us with .
To quote the readme : There area fewissues with it currently , but they are n't really avoidable or able to be worked around , so I see no point in delaying posting this mod .
They 're listed in the readme , under Known Issues .
Further items will be added as bugs are resolved , ideas flow and suggestions are made .
ICJ to rule on legality of Kosovo 's independence Published duration 22 July 2010
image caption Kosovo 's government says its independence is irreversible
The International Court of Justice has begun ruling on the legality of Kosovo 's 2008 secession from Serbia .
Judges are issuing a non-binding ruling on Serbia 's claim that Kosovo 's declaration of independence was a violation of its territorial integrity .
If the ICJ sides with Serbia , Kosovo could be pushed into negotiating a settlement .
The opposite could see more countries recognising its independence .
Earlier , the US reaffirmed its " full support " for an independent Kosovo .
The commander of the Nato - led peacekeeping force meanwhile said its 10,000 troops were ready for any violence sparked by the ruling .
" On the field we do n't have indications about nervousness , about any upcoming threat , " said German General Markus Bentler of the Kosovo Protection force , K - for .
Serbian forces were driven out of Kosovo in 1999 after a Nato bombing campaign aimed at halting the violent repression of the province 's ethnic Albanians , who constituted 90 % of its two million population .
Kosovo was then administered by the UN until February 2008 , when its parliament voted to declare independence .
Most countries do not recognise Kosovo as independent , but it is thought others might do so if the ICJ decides in its favour .
So far 69 of the UN 's 192 countries are in favour of recognition .
They include the US , UK , neighbouring Albania and Croatia .
Those opposed include Russia , China and Bosnia .
The EU is not united on the issue - Spain and Greece are among five of its 27 members to be opposed .
Serbia still regards Kosovo as part of its territory and challenged its legality at the ICJ at The Hague .
At the start of the deliberations last December , Serbia 's representatives argued that the move both challenged its sovereignty and undermined international law .
Kosovo 's representatives meanwhile warned that any attempt to reverse its independence might spark further conflict .
' Moment of truth '
Although non-binding , the court 's ruling will provide a framework for diplomats to try to establish a working relationship between Serbia and Kosovo .
The dispute remains an obstacle to Serbia 's hopes of joining the EU , and has hindered Kosovo 's ability to attract foreign investment .
Parts of northern Kosovo also remain tensely divided between ethnic Albanians and Serbs , and clashes occasionally erupt .
The ruling will also be closely watched by several other countries facing secessionist challenges themselves , such as China and Spain .
" The first and foremost consideration for any democratic government in the world is the preservation of its own sovereignty and territorial integrity , " Serbian Foreign Minister Vuk Jeremic told the BBC .
" We do expect that the court is not going to endorse the legality of the unilateral act of secession , because if they do so then no border anywhere in the world where a secessionist ambition is harboured will ever be safe . "
During a meeting with Kosovo Prime Minister Hashim Thaci in Washington on Wednesday , US Vice - President Joe Biden " reaffirmed the United States ' full support for an independent , democratic , whole , and multi-ethnic Kosovo whose future lies firmly within European and Euro- Atlantic institutions " , the White House said in a statement .
Mr Biden also " reiterated the United States ' firm support for Kosovo 's sovereignty and territorial integrity , " it added .
A senior US official told reporters that it was confident the ICJ would rule in favour of Kosovo 's declaration of independence .
Below is the editorial of the Socialist WebZine , online magazine of the Socialist Party of the United States .
Following that is an article by Dan La Botz , SPUSA 's Ohio candidate forthe US Senate .
Both appear in Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with permission .
* * *
July 17 , 2010 -- Socialist WebZine --
How can we change the world ?
This is the question that socialists face in the 21st century .
It certainly offers more possibilities than the one presented in the mid-1990s that asked whether we had reached the end of history .
However , capitalism is also attempting to provide an answer to this question by offering individualised ways to change the world .
Food is an important arena for this project – corporations insist that eating the right food or drinking the right coffee can really make a difference in the world .
Behind the antiseptic choices offered by the system , lies the storm and stress of capitalism .
Corporations chasing each other across the world in search of profits , workers being squeezed for ever lower wages and natural resources being monopolised and spoiled .
Old wine in a new bottle – a certified organic 100 % post - consumer recycled bottle , but the same old bitter wine .
In the process , a world transformed is neatly reduced to an individual act of consumption that serves to substitute itself for any bonds of solidarity or affinity .
Personal choices about which corporate products to consume become the only acceptable avenue for “ politics ” , a term now used to discuss which products corporations offer instead of examining the consequences of the very existence of corporations themselves .
No food item better demonstrates capitalism ’s ability to quietly adapt to and create consumption patterns while shielding consumers from the transformative nightmares it engenders than soy .
The seemingly innocent jiggly glob of crushed soybeans has caught the attention of North American consumers looking toward a post - meat world .
Its pristine white colour radiates goodness , the plastic packaging it arrives in screams about good health and the imaginary hippie - style communal edginess is irresistible to the deeply alienated late capitalist consumer .
Soy has a slightly different meaning for Paraguayan campesinos however .
It means war .
Meat scares in Europe , rumours about the soy secret to long life in Japan and big - agro trends toward new feed commodities have pushed soybean cultivation globally .
Big companies such as Cargill , Archer Daniels Midland ( ADM ) and Bunge monopolise the soy market .
In Paraguay , these same corporations have , for many years , strong - armed local farmers into producing corporate genetically modified organism ( GMO ) soybeans in order to integrate the area into the “ soy republics ” that have been set up in Brazil and Argentina .
Never mind the enforcement of mono - crop cultivation , the deforestation or the extreme amounts of pollution caused by pesticides so toxic that campesinos in Paraguay have termed them “ the venom ” .
Environmentally conscious consumers in the global North now desire soy as a means to change their individual worlds and big capital is determined to produce it at the cheapest cost possible .
Some campesinos have resisted by asserting their right to cultivate traditional crops such as yucca , corn , beans and potatoes .
However , agro - businesses have accumulated such massive amounts of land that soy has become the king crop in the region .
Today , after re-shaping the cultivation world and transforming the biological coding of all sorts of food , multinational corporations like to tell you that they are all about sustainability .
Soy giants like ADM , have taken public bruises from anti-trust [ monopoly ] cases and from the voices of displaced campesinos that have filtered out into the Western world .
So , they have announced a new era of corporate ethics .
ADM ’s business , the companies CEO Pat Woertz declared , “ Is intimately tied to our social responsibility ” .
“ Our values ” , Woertz wrote , “ inspire us to achieve the right results , the right way ” .
Yet , the company is not offering to pull back from production in the “ soy republics , ” or move to eliminate GMO crops , or clean up the local environments it has polluted .
Its corporate responsibility amounts to little more than a press campaign about a mythical commitment to sustainability that will always be second to the bedrock logic of capitalism – profit motive .
So , if the false individual choices of consumer capitalism wo n’t change the world for the better , what will ?
A good first step is to cultivate a notion that will be central to any attempt at international socialism , a globalised “ we ” – a recognition that the capitalist system works as a whole and that we are integrated into this total system .
Digging our way out will necessarily entail creating a movement with the ability to link the soy consumer in the North with a Paraguayan farmer or to see how yucca , corn , beans and potatoes might produce a far greater benefit for the planet than mono - cropping .
The politics of the “ we ” of socialism hold far more potential for addressing the dire needs of our planet than the “ I ” of capitalist consumption .
Breaking down the hegemony of corporations necessarily means building up our capacity to extend ties of affinity – both planned and spontaneous .
Food politics can open this door by offering a political edge to decisions that are central to our everyday lives .
Sometimes this may mean cultivating local sources , other times developing positive global links between farmer and consumer or using grassroots democracy to determine what the contents of our plates will be .
Such new relations come with the requirement to see through the easy fantasy offered by multinational corporations who stand at the heart of the destruction of our solidarity with fellow humans and are ruining our relationship with the natural world .
Food in the United States and the world
By Dan La Botz
July 17 , 2010 -- Today , food production in the United States and in the world is dominated by a handful of corporations that put their profits above the hunger , the health and the wellbeing of the United States ' and the globe ’s population .
Tyson , Kraft , Pepsico , Nestle , Conagra and Anheuser - Busch are generally at the top of the list , though in virtually every area of food production , a small number of corporations control what is grown and what we eat .
The food industry , of course , meshes with the banks and with other corporations , such as chemical companies and agricultural - implement manufacturers , as well as with government agencies , which built the network of dams and canals that provide their water and which also provide government subsidies and financial aid .
We know some of the results of this concentration of wealth in the hands of the corporations and the government they dominate .
Family farmers — and there are few of them left — must borrow from the banks and produce for the corporations , their livelihood often in question .
Another result of this interlocking of corporate and governmental interests has been , for 30 years , the deregulation of food production , resulting in outbreaks of E.coli and other diseases .
The US people who eat corporate food are increasingly unhealthy , obese , suffering from diabetes and heart disease .
Farm workers and meatpacking workers work in unsafe and unhealthy conditions , often live in abysmal conditions , and are paid extremely low wages for the most arduous work .
While most Americans can afford food , there are approximately 40 million people in the United States who have difficulty getting enough to eat ; and worldwide there are between 1 billion and 2 billion people who go hungry .
The great food corporations have for decades successfully resisted attempts by workers , consumers and environmentalists to restrain their power .
Still we see important movements to change the food industries .
Worker ’s organisations such as the United Farm Workers , Farm Labor Organizing Committee and the Coalition of Immokalee Workers have succeeded in winning better wages and conditions for a small number of farm workers .
The United Food and Commercial Workers Union has had important victories in new organising among meat and poultry processing workers .
Within the teamsters ' union , which represents most other food processing workers , there is an in important rank - and - file movement , Teamsters for a Democratic Union , working to make the union do a better job in representing its members .
We have also seen in recent years a tremendous growth in consumer movements demanding a return to government regulation of the industry , as well as movements that press for locally grown and organic food .
Environmentalists continue to educate the public about the tremendous waste and environmental damage done by our food production system which relies so heavily on carbon fuels .
While all of these are hopeful signs , we do not yet see a powerful social movement which can begin to restrain the food industry ’s dominant corporations .
To get there , we need to work to rebuild the unions , expand the workers ’ centres , revive the social movements and create a political alternative .
We see in the Unites States a small but growing anti-corporate and sometimes anti-capitalist sentiment .
Beyond that , recent polls by Rasmussen , Gallup and Pew have shown that about one - third of the US people feel sympathetic to socialism .
Still , many Americans fear that socialism means Soviet - style communism while others can see that European social democracy more often administers capitalism somewhat more humanely than the United States , though still without escaping its crises and the suffering they bring .
We need to be able to talk about socialism in a way that makes it clear to the US people , that socialism is fundamentally an expansion of democracy , and an increase in the power of ordinary working people to improve their lives .
What might agriculture look like under socialism ?
First , of course , we stand for the social ownership of the banks , as I ’ve said , nationalize them and create the US credit union to provide credit to small business , homeowners and farmers .
We want to see the nationalisation of the oil , coal and other energy corporations which represent such a large factor in agriculture today .
Third , we would want to see the nationalisation of agribusiness , not to continue the factory farm or industrial meat model , but rather to create an environmentally , economically , socially sound alternative .
We would want to see the nationalisation of the grocery chains and the restaurant chains , bringing them under social control , with large input from workers and consumers .
We might want to consolidate in some areas and decentralise in others .
Only once we have taken the resources away from the corporations , however , will we be able to create the alternative .
We as socialists have no blueprint for the future , but we have a vision and principles that revolve around working - class power and democracy .
The alternative to today ’s food industry might well include some large - scale agriculture , but could also mean a vast expansion of small family - owned farms and cooperative farms .
We would want to put the emphasis , of course , on healthy , affordable food produced by workers who are paid living wages and enjoy all the benefits and rights of other people in our country .
We would want to consult throughout these processes with health professionals such as nutritionists , with environmentalists and with consumers .
We would want to see the US people , through democratic institutions elaborate a national economic plan , in which agriculture would play a central role , and we would want that plan to be carried out through the cooperation of workers and consumers .
All of this , however , remains nothing more than a dream unless we can rebuild the labour and social movements and create the political alternative .
The Socialist Party , as well as other political groups such as the US Labor Party and the Green Party , have worked to help present the US people with a left alternative .
Today , I am running for US Senate in order to continue to raise the vision and platform of democratic socialism , to help to build networks of activists in my state and throughout the country , and hopefully to inspire others to become part of a struggle for an alternative .
[ Dan La Botz is a Cincinnati - based teacher , writer and activist , and the Ohio Socialist Party candidate for the US Senate . ]
ZBar bar code reader
ZBar is an open source software suite for reading bar codes from various sources , such as video streams , image files and raw intensity sensors .
It supports many popular symbologies ( types of bar codes ) including EAN - 13 / UPC-A , UPC-E , EAN - 8 , Code 128 , Code 39 , Interleaved 2 of 5 and QR Code .
The flexible , layered implementation facilitates bar code scanning and decoding for any application : use it stand - alone with the included GUI and command line programs , easily integrate a bar code scanning widget into your Qt , GTK + or PyGTK GUI application , leverage one of the script or programming interfaces ( Python , Perl , C++ ) ... all the way down to a streamlined C library suitable for embedded use .
ZBar is licensed under the GNU LGPL 2.1 to enable development of both open source and commercial projects .
Applications
Retail
Automated document processing
Inventory tracking
Mobile applications
Features
Embed or link the SUPERGOD preview on your own site or social network
Warren Ellis on SUPERGOD :
A superhuman is an alien life form .
By definition .
More than human means not human , not human anymore , not like us , something else .
Our reaction to a superhuman in close proximity would be like our reaction to a spider : something so alien that it triggers a gut revulsion we have to train ourselves out of .
Or , perhaps , our reaction to a serious schizophrenic .
Schizophrenics smell different .
They think different .
You can see it in their eyes .
They are Not Like You .
I remember the novelist Lisa Tuttle once saying on a TV show , ?
Every angel is terrifying .?
Too perfect .
Too alien .
They do n’t think like us .
Black Summer was about superhumans who were too human .
No Hero was about superhumans who were inhuman .
Supergod is about superhumans who are no longer human at all , but something else .
The third leg of a thematic trilogy if you like .
Supergod is the story of what an actual superhuman arms race might be like .
It ’s a simple thing to imagine .
Humans have been fashioning their own gods with their own hands since the dawn of our time on Earth .
We ca n’t help ourselves .
Fertility figures brazen idols , vast chalk etchings , carvings , myths and legends , science fiction writers generating science fiction religions from whole cloth .
It ’s not such a great leapt to conceive of the builders of nuclear weapons and particle accelerators turning their attention to the oldest of human pursuits .
Dress it up as superhuman defense , as discovering the limits of the human body , as transhumanism and posthumanism .
Stewart Brand once paraphrased Edward Leach : ?
We are as gods and might as well get good at it .?
And , perhaps , there ’s still that little scratchy voice in the middle of the night : I do n’t want to be alone .
I want there to be something bigger , something that moves in mysterious ways and wants only the best for us .
And I will forgive it , the disgusting state of this world , and all the things in it that want to crush and kill me , and have faith that something incredible and invisible and unknowable will make things better .
And so ( in Supergod ) , just to make sure , I will build it and keep it by me .
I will pretend it ’s a weapon , a defensive capability , a computing object or a construction machine ?
but really it is a Messiah .
But the Messiah , remember , is a very naughty boy .
The thing about building weapons is that there are always accidents .
In Supergod , one of these creatures gets loose .
And what it does is completely unpredictable , pretty much insane to a human perspective ?
because it ’s not human .
Even if it ’s programmed to rescue you , it will not perform that task in a way you understand .
These dreams of flying men who will save us from the corrupt and deadly world we live in ?
those are our dreams .
We project human desires upon them .
If they were real , they would n’t think like that .
And that ’s why Supergod opens on a government scientist called Reddin , in a state of almost Lovecraftian mental imbalance , sitting on the Embankment of the Thames while London burns in the background , and thousands of corpses float down the river .
London got off easy .
You should see Mumbai .
Warren Ellis
Burning England
July 2009
More Info :
Launch date for series : November 2009
Retail Price : $ 3.99 US
Cover : Felipe Massafera
Writer : Warren Ellis
Art : Garrie Gastonny
Readership : MR
Format : Full Color , 32 pages , 5 - issue series
PRODUCT DESCRIPTION : SUPERGOD : praying to be saved by a man who can fly will get you killed .
From the creator of THE AUTHORITY and PLANETARY comes the craziest and most horrifying superhero comic you ?ve ever read !
In the world of SUPERGOD , superhumans are the ultimate expression of the Messiah complex , and scientists can build Messiahs who will fly down from the skies to save the world .
No - one thought about how they ?d do it ?
or even if they ?d want to .
So begins the apocalyptic tomorrow of SUPERGOD ?
the story of how supermen killed us all and ended the world just because we wanted to be rescued by human - shaped things from beyond Science itself !
Take every superhero comic ever published , shove them into a nuclear - powered blender , soak it in bad vodka and set the whole thing alight ?
and SUPERGOD will crawl out and eat your brain !
This five issue color series is drawn by Garrie Gastonny with colors by Digikore .
SUPERGOD is available with a Regular cover painted by Felipe Massafera , a Wraparound by series artist Garrie Gastony , and a special retailer incentive Church Of Supergod Edition !
Let your local comic book retailer know you want SUPERGOD .
Order Codes :
SEP09 0628 SUPERGOD # 1 $ 3.99
SEP09 0629 SUPERGOD #1 WRAP $ 3.99
Gallery :
A 2.7 - square - mile chunk of Greenland 's Jakobshavn Isbrae glacier , one - eighth the size of New York 's Manhattan Island , broke off into the ocean between July 6 and 7 .
The sudden mile - long retreat of the glacier , caught in the image above by DigitalGlobe 's WorldView 2 satellite , moved the point where the ice meets the ocean further back than it has ever been seen .
This kind of calving event is n't that unusual , but seeing it hours after it happened in this much detail is rare .
And the event is somewhat unexpected this year .
" While there have been ice breakouts of this magnitude from Jakobshavn and other glaciers in the past , this event is unusual because it occurs on the heels of a warm winter that saw no sea ice form in the surrounding bay , " said cryospheric program scientist Thomas Wagner in a press release July 9 .
" While the exact relationship between these events is being determined , it lends credence to the theory that warming of the oceans is responsible for the ice loss observed throughout Greenland and Antarctica , " Wagner said .
The Jakobshavn Isbrae glacier has retreated more than 27 miles since 1850 , and six of those miles were lost since 2000 .
Scientists estimate that up to 10 percent of Greenland 's ice that is currently being lost is coming from this glacier , making it the largest single cause of rising sea level in the northern hemisphere .
* Image : Jakobshavn Isbrae glacier on July 6 ( left ) and July 7 ( right ) * DigitalGlobe .
See Also :
Image caption Lord Mandelson was a party to the negotiations after the general election
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg told Gordon Brown he had to leave office as the price of any coalition deal with Labour , it has emerged .
The revelation , from former Business Secretary Lord Mandelson , comes in the Times ' serialisation of his memoirs .
He says Mr Clegg told Mr Brown it was " not possible to secure the legitimacy of a coalition " unless he stood down as prime minister in " a dignified way " .
The story has been confirmed by Mr Clegg 's spokeswoman .
Lord Mandelson was with Mr Brown in the negotiations that took place in the days after the general election in May .
He describes a secret meeting at which the now deputy prime minister told the PM to his face he would have to go , if there was to be any hope of a Lib Dem - Labour coalition deal .
Analysis Political memoirs are a bit like visits from the in laws .
They 're viewed with dread and apprehension by those on the receiving end but are just something you have to go through .
So predictably Peter Mandelson 's memoirs have provoked a good deal of anguish in Labour circles even though their political impact may be relatively muted .
Why ?
Well , there surely is little more we need or want to know about the Blair / Brown wars .
And in a funny way the tales of those years of infighting and seething resentment could actually benefit Labour by enabling the various leadership candidates to define themselves against .
Hence Andy Burnham 's promise yesterday that there would be no return to the " egotistical factionalism " of those years .
Far from opening old wounds , these memoirs may actually help Labour to emerge from the shadow of the Blair / Brown years .
Daily View : Mandelson memoirs
Mr Clegg is quoted as saying : " Please understand I have no personal animosity whatsoever ... but it is not possible to secure the legitimacy of a coalition and win a referendum unless you move on in a dignified way . "
Lord Mandelson says Mr Brown did not give a clear answer at the time , but soon afterwards left Downing Street to inform the Queen he was quitting .
A spokeswoman for the deputy PM told the BBC : " Nick Clegg did feel that given the general election result , it would be incomprehensible to the British people if Gordon Brown remained as prime minister and he did make that clear to him . "
Lord Mandelson claims
Mr Brown went as far as drawing up a proposed Lib - Lab cabinet featuring Mr Clegg , Vince Cable and Lord Ashdown .
But he says former prime minister Tony Blair also told his successor he could not be part of any coalition .
" Tony told him and me that the public would simply not accept Gordon remaining , " he writes .
He adds that Mr Brown eventually accepted he would have to quit , but did not want it to look like he had been forced out .
Lord Mandelson quotes him as saying : " I have been humiliated enough . "
' Egotistical factionalism '
Lord Mandelson 's memoirs have already proved controversial .
Ahead of the publication of his book , The Third Man , the peer told the Times Mr Brown believed that the two of them , and Tony Blair , had " killed each other " with their internal feuding .
Lord Mandelson also claimed that allies of Mr Brown showed " unbridled contempt " for Mr Blair which was " very destructive " .
Tony told him and me that the public would simply not accept Gordon remaining Lord Mandelson Burnham blasts Labour ' plotting '
Mr Brown 's former aide , Charlie Whelan , hit back at the allegations , but Labour leadership hopeful Andy Burnham told the BBC on Sunday that infighting and plotting had damaged the party .
The former health secretary said he wanted to offer a " complete break " from " egotistical factionalism " at the top of Labour .
Elsewhere on Monday , Mr Clegg and Prime Minister David Cameron have given a show of unity by writing a joint newspaper article proclaiming their coalition is about shared principles of giving more power to people .
( Health.com ) --
More adults in the U.S. appear to be drinking alcohol , according to a new study of the nation 's drinking habits .
And the trend seems to be consistent across ethnic groups and genders .
Between 1992 and 2002 , the percentage of men and women who drank alcohol increased , as did the percentage of whites , blacks , and Hispanics , the study found .
Americans do n't seem to be drinking more , however , as the average number of drinks consumed per month remained steady .
" More people are drinking , but they seem to not be drinking heavily as frequently , " says Rhonda Jones - Webb , an epidemiologist and alcohol expert at the University of Minnesota School of Public Health , in Minneapolis .
( Jones - Webb was not involved in the research . )
Yet the study revealed an important exception to that trend : an uptick in the number of people who binge drink at least once a month .
Binge drinking is defined as consuming five or more drinks in one day .
" We need to address this increase , which may be associated with alcohol abuse , " says Dr. Deborah Dawson , Ph.D. , a staff scientist at the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism , in Bethesda , Maryland .
" We may need focus our attention on preventive measures that target binge drinking . "
Health.com : Drink choices can help avoid hangover ( to a point )
Although the study does n't include data after 2002 , the rates of binge drinking -- and drinking in general -- may be even higher now .
Over the past two years , the economy has nose - dived into recession and joblessness has climbed -- and , as the study notes , unemployment is associated with stress and alcohol use .
Eatocracy Blog poll :
Do you drink ?
It " could be the case " that Americans are drinking more to assuage their financial anxiety , Jones - Webb says .
" It would be good to replicate the same study over the last eight years and see if the findings are similar . "
Researchers from the University of Texas School of Public Health and the University of North Texas Health Science Center compared data from two national surveys on adult alcohol consumption that were conducted roughly a decade apart , in the early 1990s and early 2000s .
( Both surveys included a representative sample of Americans , but they did not include the same individuals . )
The study appears on the website of the journal " Alcoholism : Clinical & Experimental Research . "
Among the notable findings :
• The percentage of men who drank increased by about 5 percent to 7 percent across all ethnic groups .
The increases were slightly higher among women , between 8 percent and 9 percent .
• Roughly 64 percent of white men drank alcohol in 2002 , compared with 60 percent of Hispanic men and 53 percent of black men .
Among women , 47 percent of whites , 32 percent of Hispanics , and 30 percent of blacks drank any alcohol .
• For all three ethnic groups , the average number of drinks consumed per month remained level between 1992 and 2002 .
• White men drank about 22 drinks per month in 2002 , on average , compared with about 19 for blacks and 18 for Hispanics .
By contrast , white , black , and Hispanic women consumed just 6 , 5 , and 3.5 drinks per month , respectively .
• Binge drinking increased across the board , but especially among men .
The percentage of white men who had five drinks in a day at least once a week increased from 9 percent to 14 percent , and there was a similar increase among Hispanic men .
• Whites are more likely than blacks and Hispanics to get drunk .
Twenty percent of white men drank to intoxication at least once a month , compared with just 13 percent of black men .
It 's not exactly clear which real - world factors might account for the broad trends identified in the study .
Health.com :
Is alcohol actually good for you ?
The rise in the proportion of drinkers and in binge drinking could be a sign that society is more accepting of alcohol consumption ( and overconsumption ) , says Dr. Stephen Bahr , Ph.D. , a professor of sociology at Brigham Young University , in Provo , Utah .
" There has been much emphasis on drug education and treatment but not as much emphasis on alcohol misuse , which could signal a change in norms and explain the increase in the prevalence of drinkers , " he says .
Social and economic characteristics also affect alcohol consumption in complex ways .
The researchers note that people who live alone , are unemployed , are less educated , and were born in the U.S. are all more likely to drink alcohol ( and more of it ) .
At the same time , whites may drink more because , as a group , they are more affluent and can better afford alcohol , says Jones - Webb .
Although the researchers controlled for marital status , education , income , and age , other unidentified factors may have skewed the survey data on different genders and ethnic groups , Bahr says .
Still , says Jones - Webb , the study provides " a nice national snapshot of changes in drinking trends over time .
This is helpful in evaluating whether health messages regarding drinking are working , and who we may need to target more effectively . "
Copyright Health Magazine 2011
Dozens of Slonim hasidim broke into a study hall used by Rabbi Ovadia Yosef 's son and assaulted the Sefardim learning there in retaliation for the Supreme Court 's desegregation ruling .
Wanderers 5 Chelsea 1 .
SUBSTITUTE Jon-Paul Pittman scored a four - minute hat - trick as Blues ran riot against a Chelsea XI .
The supersub came on on 74 minutes and scored on 75 , 76 and 78 minutes as Blues embarrassed Chelsea 's emerging side .
Strikers Ben Strevens and Scott Rendell had already scored first half goals to put Blues in front before Pittman upstaged everyone on the pitch .
Chelsea did n't have any of their star names out but what they lacked in autograph - book appeal they made up for in energy , enthusiasm and technique .
And they still had three players on show with Premiership experience in the form of Jack Cork who was on loan at Burnely , Franco Di Santo , who was at Blackburn and Scott Sinclair who served Birmingham and Wigan .
For any side to stick five goals past them is a major achievement and it was no fluke , with Blues hitting the woodwork three times as well .
The rampant Blues served notice of their intent when they came closest to opening the scoring inside the first ten minutes when Lewis Montrose jabbed a shot on the turn over the bar .
It looked like being the worst thing Blues could do .
It stung Chelsea into action .
Within seconds Milan Lalkovic extended Blues keeper Nikki Bull with a curling shot that the glovesman did well to push out .
Then minutes later Bull did well to push out Sinclair 's bending shot but , this time , he was n't so fortunate as Aliu Djalo turned in the rebound for a 13th minute opening goal .
Blues should have been level ten minutes later though .
New striker Rendell surprisingly spurned the chance to shoot himself after turning two defenders on the box and teed up partner Strevens instead .
Strevens measured his shot but saw it rebound off the base of the post .
While the crowd were still debating whether Rendell had the killer instinct in front of goal , he immediately showed that he does .
Kevin Betsy made the most of a mistake in the Chelsea rearguard and before you could blink Rendell had slammed it into the roof of the net .
It was just the kind of finish that persuaded cash - strapped Blues to part with an undisclosed fee to sign the former Peterborough hitman .
Blues now had a foothold in the game and Strevens hit the post for the second time in the first half when he saw his header smack against the woodwork .
But the summer signing from Brentford was n't to be denied .
After seeing the mesmeric Sinclair spurn two good chances for Chelsea , he displayed some fancy footwork of his own on the goalline before lifting the ball into the Chelsea net from a tight angle to put Blues in front after 36 minutes .
Wanderers ' ability to create chances against their high class opponents was encouraging and with silky Chelsea also doing the same at the other end it was entertainment all the way .
It made for a tough night for Blues ' new full back partnership which saw Chris Westwood and Danny Foster taking the wide defensive berths with the former on the right hand and normal right back Foster switching to the other side as Blues seek out a makeshift left back as cover for Andy Sandell who looks likely to miss the first couple of games with a groin strain .
Wycombe were demonstrating an attack first policy though and they might even have finished the half with a bigger lead but Chelsea keeper Samuel Walker managed to hold on to Kieran Murtagh 's skidder .
Wanderers began the second half in style as well and Gareth Ainsworth almost deveived the visiting keeper with a cheeky chip .
However at the other end Blues needed an Alan Bennett clearance off the line to prevent Daniel Philliskirk drawing the Stamford Bridge boys level .
Wycombe still did n't go into their shell though and the action soon returned to the other end where Montrose saw his low shot deflected onto the Chelsea post .
Then came the moment many Blues fans had come to see as returning England hero Matt Phillips came on for Rendell .
Phillips has spent the summer rubbing shoulders with Premiership youngsters while on international duty and now he was given thirty minutes to show what he could do against them .
But he would have to do it from an unorthodox position , operating down the middle as a striker with Betsy and Ainsworth occupying his favoured wide slots .
That was the first of a few changes from boss Gary Waddock with Strevens going off shortly afterwards to be replaced by Pittman and and then new recruit Marvin McCoy replacing Chris Westwood .
And Pittman was straight into the game , taking just one minute to get on the scoresheet with a cool one - on - one finish after being set up by Betsy 's slide rule pass .
Phillips was keen to get in on the act as well and moments later he scampered down the line before teeing up Pittman for Blues ' fourth and the striker 's quick - fire second .
Buut Pittman was n't done yet and he completed a speedy treble with an exquisite lob on 78 minutes to claim the matchball and all the headlines on a night when every Wanderer performed .
The 5 - 1 scoreline was an embarrassment to Chelsea but Blues did need two spendid saves from keeper Bull to keep the staggering scoreline on the board .
Waddock took the glovesman off soon afterwards to allow him to milk the appluase and give Steve Arnold the last eight minutes between the sticks .
Phillips curled a late one just wide and Wanderers left to a standing ovation .
If this does n't get bums on seats next Saturday Wanderers ' directors will be wondering what will .
When faced with a legal dispute , you need aggressive representation from an experienced advocate who has what it takes to assert your rights .
In Sweetwater , Texas , you can turn to the law firm of Zollie C. Steakley , PLLC
We have one goal :
To solve your legal problem — whatever it may be — in the most effective and economical way possible .
In our part of West Texas , a lawyer has to be able to do everything .
We have a wide - ranging practice , including family law , business law , natural resource management , personal injury and mediation services .
July 7 , 2010 -- Abahlali baseMjondolo --
Sixteen years since apartheid ended , and amid the hoopla and false hopes promoted by the 2010 soccer World Cup , millions of black South Africans still live in self - built shacks – without sanitation , adequate water supplies or electricity .
In Durban , almost in the shadow of the massive multibillion - rand Moses Mabhida stadium [ paradoxically named after a veteran leader of South Africa 's Communist Party ] , poor people are fighting for their right to live near work , schools and health facilities .
A Place in the City -- made in 2008 -- will overturn all your assumptions about " slums " and the people who live in them .
In this film , shot in the vast shack settlements in and around Durban , members of Abahlali baseMjondolo , the grassroots shackdwellers ’ movement , lay out their case – against forcible eviction ; for decent services – with passion , eloquence , and sweet reason .
The film captures the horrible conditions in which shackdwellers live – but it also captures Abahlali ’s bravery and resilience , in a political climate where grassroots campaigners like them are more likely to be met with rubber bullets than with offers to talk .
" For the first time now " , says S’bu Zikode , Abahlali ’s elected leader , " poor people have started to speak for themselves .
Now , that challenges those who are paid to think for us – who are paid to speak for us . "
At the heart of Abahlali ’s struggle is the struggle for meaningful citizenship rights for South Africa ’s poor majority .
" Or does freedom in South Africa " , asks Abahlali volunteer organiser Louisa Motha , " only belong to the rich ? "
Made with assistance from FAHAMU through a grant from TrustAfrica
Date : Nov 2008
ISBN ( 13 ) : ISBN : 978-1-906387-41-9
Edited at VET , Hoxton Square , London
Editor : Duncan Harris
Filmed , produced and directed by Jenny Morgan
Grey Street Films 2008
Eleven days prior to the April 20 Deepwater Horizon blowout , Halliburton Co. , the contractor in charge of cementing the rig's well , agreed to purchase a little - known company .
The firm , Boots and Coots , focuses on oil spill prevention and blowout response .
Now , it is assisting with the relief well work – under contract to BP – to help stop the Gulf oil spill .
What appears to conspiracy theorists as more than a coincidence is nothing out of the ordinary , say oil - industry experts .
Increasingly , oil - industry titans are buying up smaller companies that provide all manner of services .
IN PICTURES : The Gulf oil spill 's impact on nature
But this trend is worrying in itself , the experts say .
As companies grow and work both to drill wells and potentially clean up their own mistakes , the result can be unintentional but riskier decisionmaking over time due to a lack of focus – particularly in an industry that is poorly regulated .
Moreover , there is concern that – as the Gulf oil spill shows – big bureaucracies are not nimble enough in an emergency .
“ Working on both sides of the fence ” is not uncommon in the oil industry , says Robert Gramling , author of “ Oil on the Edge : Offshore Development , Conflict , Gridlock . "
But “ it makes for a very complex decisionmaking environment that can become problematic , ” he adds .
Creeping complacency
The concern is not so much about intentional negligence but creeping complacency .
“ Nobody ’s going to say , ‘ Oh , do n’t worry , we have a cleanup service , we ’ll be all right if there ’s a spill , ’ ” says Hugh Gorman , author of “ Redefining Efficiency : Pollution Control , Regulatory Mechanisms , and Technological Change in the US Petroleum Industry . ”
But reassurance about how diversified the business ’ services are can lead to relaxed decisionmaking over time , some suggest .
This can be exacerbated by the fact that the oil industry is “ very politically powerful ” and oil companies do not face the same strict regulatory and safety standards that , for example , airline companies do , says Mr. Gramling , a professor at the University of Louisiana , Lafayette .
This can allow for big businesses within the industry and the industry as a whole to “ become too cozy , ” he adds .
Halliburton is among the most diversified oil - industry firms .
In its $ 240 million purchase of Boots and Coots – which is still pending regulatory and shareholder approval – it sought to buy a company whose services are “ designed to reduce the number and severity of critical events such as oil and gas well fires , blowouts , or other incidences due to loss of control at the well ” through both preventive and emergency response services .
In recent years , “ there ’s a trend toward getting a broader set of offerings from larger companies , ” says Douglas Sheridan , managing director of EnergyPoint Research , a market research firm in Houston that serves the oil and gas industry .
But his company ’s own customer - satisfaction surveys suggest that bigger is not necessarily better .
“ There is a potential problem with companies becoming so large that they can’t provide the focus needed on specific services and on the execution of those services , ” says Mr. Sheridan .
Smaller , more - focused service providers generally rate higher in satisfaction surveys , and a spill of this magnitude – which involved “ major players ” like BP , Transocean , and Halliburton – could lead customers to invest more in companies that have a narrower business approach , Sheridan adds .
Halliburton 's reputation
For its part , Halliburton is known within the industry for maintaining its quality despite its growth .
“ Does Halliburton ’s satisfaction suffer from it being a large and unwieldy company ?
Yes .
But they ’re doing a better job of providing quality service than some of their competitors , ” Mr. Sheridan said .
Other experts worry more about the impact of size on a company ’s ability to respond quickly and effectively to disaster .
“ A company of [ BP ’s ] size has to become a bureaucracy , and bureaucracies need stable environments .
They ’re like cement , ” says Cathie Currie , a cognitive social psychologist at Adelphi University in Long Island , N.Y .
Though bureaucratically managed companies can work well in some industries where there is little chance of a major unexpected event , they can struggle in high - risk industries such as drilling for oil .
Says Ms. Currie : “ [ The business model ] does n’t work when you need to be innovative . "
IN PICTURES : The Gulf oil spill 's impact on nature
[ Editor 's note :
The headline was changed to better reflect the content of the story . ]
Related :
If you 're like me , you are proud of the new CPU your computer runs on - in my case a i7 - 720Q with 8 embedded cores ...
But Delphi is not very multi - thread or multi-core friendly ... guess why ....
The root cause the is the LOCK prefix
All X86 CPUs are equipped with the ability to lock a specific memory address , preventing other system buses to read or modify it while the following instruction runs .
The LOCK prefix to an assembly instruction causes the CPUs to assert the LOCK # signal , and practically ensures exclusive use of the memory address in multiprocessors / multi- thread environments .
The LOCK prefix works only with the following instructions :
BT , BTS , BTR , BTC ( mem , reg / imm ) XCHG , XADD ( reg , mem / mem , reg ) ADD , OR , ADC , SBB ( mem , reg / imm ) AND , SUB , XOR ( mem , reg / imm ) NOT , NEG , INC , DEC ( mem )
Note : XCHG and XADD ( and all the ' X ' family of instructions ) are planned to be thread - safe , and always asserts LOCK # regardless of the presence of the LOCK prefix .
These low - level LOCK mechanisms ensure that some memory is modified by only one thread at a time .
So what is wrong with these LOCKed instructions ?
On a multi-core CPU , all cores just freeze in order to make this LOCKed asm function threadsafe .
If you have a lot of threads with more than one CPU , the context of every CPU core has to be frozen , cleared , all cores wait for the LOCKed asm instruction to complete , then the context is to be retrieved , and execution continue .
So guess what ... when the CPU has to execute such instructions , all cores just freeze and your brand new 8 cores CPU just run as a 1 core CPU ...
This is the same LOCKed asm function which is used internally by Windows with its < i> Critical Sections < /i >.
That 's why Windows itself is told not to be very multi-core friendly , because it does use a lot of critical sections in its internal ...
Linux is much more advanced , and scales pretty well on massive multi-core architectures .
What about Delphi ?
In Delphi , I discovered at least two performance problem in its RTL :
1. Default memory manager , i.e. FastMM4 , uses a LOCKed asm instruction for every memory allocation or dis-allocation .
2. string types and dynamic arrays just use the same LOCKed asm instruction everywhere , i.e. for every access which may lead into a write to the string .
See what I wrote in the Embarcadero forum ... this post was not very popular , but indeed I think I 've raised a big issue on the Delphi compiler internals and performance here - and I do n't think Embarcadero has plans to resolve this ...
IMHO if you use strings in your application and need speed , using another memory manager than FastMM4 is not enough .
You 'll have to avoid most string use , and implement a safe TString Builder - like class .
ShortStrings could be handy here , even if they are limited to 255 character long .
Using regular PAnsiChar , and fixed buffers in the stack is also a solution , but it must be safe ...
Our enhanced RTL
In our enhanced RTL for Delphi 7 , we avoid use of this LOCKed asm instruction if your application has only one thread : so if you use our enhanced RTL , and make thread by yourself ( not using the TThread object ) , you 'll have the best multi - thread performance possible .
For example , here is how we coded the clearing of a string :
procedure _LStrClr( var S ) ; asm { -> EAX pointer to str } MOV EDX , [ EAX ] { fetch str } TEST EDX , EDX { if nil , nothing to do } JE @@done lea ecx , [ edx - skew ] .
StrRec.refCnt mov dword ptr [ EAX ] ,0 // clear str cmp [ ecx ] ,0 jl @@done // refCnt= -1 : literal str { $ifdef AVOIDLOCK} cmp IsMultiThread , false jnz @@lock dec [ ecx ] // not threadsafe dec refCount , but faster { $else} lock dec [ ecx ] // threadsafe dec refCount {$endif}jne @@done @@free : push eax mov eax , ecx call MemoryManager .
FreeMem // inlined _ FreeMem ( ) code or eax , eax jnz _JmpInvalidPtr pop eax { $ifdef AVOIDLOCK} ret @@lock : lock dec [ ecx ] // threadsafe dec refCount je @@free { $else}{$ifndef NOAMD}ret{$endif} // AMD trick : avoid branch misprediction {$endif} @@done :{$ifndef NOAMD}db $ F3 {$endif} // rep ret AMD trick : avoid branch misprediction end ;
So if the AVOIDLOCK conditional is defined , and there is only one thread in your application ( the IsMultiThread is false ) , the lock dec [ ecx ] instruction wo n't be called , but a much faster ( and core - friendly ) dec [ ecx ] instruction is used .
Note that there is a similar check already in FastMM4 : if IsMultiThread is false , no LOCKed instruction will be used .
The only drawback is that if you want to use threads in your application , you 'll have to ensure that :
1. TThread is not to be used : the creation of one TThread just set IsMultiThread to true , so enable LOCKed instructions ;
2. BeginThread ( ) function must be avoided also ( it set also the flag ) ;
3 . So you 'll have to call directly CreateThread ( )
Win32 APIs for your threads ;
4 . And none of your units should use either TThread either BeginThread !
That 's why it could be useful that Embarcadero take this problem in account , and try to resolve it at the compiler level ....
Imbranceli la Marea Neagra / Foto : Agerpres
M-am intors ieri de la mare .
De la marea noastra cea neagra , care tinde sa fie din ce in ce mai neagra si la propriu si la figurat .
De cand am venit ma tot intreb de ce in fiecare an cred ca lucrurile se vor schimba , ca agentii economici au avut timp sa invete ce e acela turism , respect si ca notiunea de client chiar exista .
Sunt dezamagita de traficul infernal , de calitatea turistilor din ce in ce mai colorati , mai zgomotosi si mai indecenti , de plajele din ce in ce mai murdare , de lipsa cosurilor de gunoi , dar ce m - a scos din minti a fost nesimtirea celor care spun ca ofera servicii .
De la simplul fapt ca un sezlong costa intre 15 si 30 de ron , la cazarea care in Vama Veche ajungea sambata seara la 200 de lei pentru o chicineta , de la faptul ca trebuie sa astepti 1 ora si jumatate pentru o pizza , pana la nesimtirea si agesivitatea cu care esti tratat daca spui ca ceva nu iti place .
Nu credeam ca asa ceva se poate intampla .
Nu pot sa cred ca un turist al litoralului romanesc poate sa fie amenintat , imbrancit , agresat pentru o salata .
Am ajuns la Terasa Tia din statiunea Eforie Nord duminica seara .
Eram 7 persoane adulte si 2 minori .
Am ales acel local pentru ca ne -a tentat privelistea terasei .
A intrat prietenul meu sa intrebe daca sunt locuri sus : " De unde sa stiu eu , du - te si vezi " , ii spune un chelner .
A trecut cu vederea si a urcat , in timp ce noi il asteptam jos : " Voi de acolo , blocati intrarea , iesiti de pe tearasa " , ne - a atentionat o domnisoara de la bar .
Degeaba i-am explicat sa vrem sa mancam la ei si ca avem pe cineva sus care cauta loc , ne -a impins spre iesire .
Nu am gasit locuri sus asa ca i-am rugat sa uneasca doua mese : " Da ' ce , nu puteti sa stati la doua mese separate ? " , ne intreaba suparata o alta domnisoara .
Cred ca eram intr -o stare foarte calma si ne simteam prea bine , altfel nu imi explic de ce nu am luat in considerare toate aceste " semne " .
Au unit mesele si ne-am asezat .
Sa comandan .
Ne uitam in meniu , ne alegem atat bautura cat si mancare si facem semn ospatarului : " Pai , o limon ... " " N - avem limonada " .
Bine , atunci bere rece ... " , " Nu avem bere rece , acum am bagat - o in frigider " ...
Repet , acum cand scriu aceste randuri stau sa ma intreb de ce nu ne-am ridicat sa plecam , evitam ceea ce a urmat .
Scandalul a pornit de la o salata bulgareasca .
Prietena mea a vrut o salata bulgareasca .
Mare greseala .
I - au adus un castronel de maxim 200 de grame .
Ne -am uitat socati , salata bulgareasca vine intr-un bol mare , cu o sumedenie de ingrediente si este fel principal de mancare .
I - a intins chelnerului salata inapoi si i-a spus ca o refuza , ca asta nu e salata bulgareasca , este cel mult o garnitura .
Chelnerul a inceput sa riposteze : " Doamna , dar ce o sa zica patronul ?
Ati comandat salata , v-am adus salata " .
Ca sa nu il puna in incurcatura , prietena mea a luat castronasul si s - a dus la bar unde era un domn care parea ca este un fel de sef de sala .
I - a explicat pe un ton normal , relaxat , ca isi doareste altceva si ca refuza acea salata .
S - a intors la masa rosie si tremurand : " Mi -a spus ca nu are ce sa faca pentru ca un kilogram de rosii este 8 lei " .
Am inceput sa radem de ea , desi stiam clar ca nu e corect ce i se intampla .
Am luat meniul sa mai uit ce gramaj este trecut in dreptul salatei .
Surpriza , nu era trecut nimic .
Doar pretul scris cu creionul : 9 lei .
Prietenul meu a luat meniul si s - a dus din nou la personajul de la bar .
I - a explicat si el ca in meniu nu exista gramaj , ca asa ceva nu se face .
S - a intors nervos , m - a luat de mana si ne -a spus : " Plecam .
M- a intrebat daca vreau sa mor aici , la el pe terasa .
Platim bauturile si plecam " .
In momentul in care ne-am ridicat toti a inceput scandalul .
Domnul de la bar l - a luat de gat pe prietenul meu si l - a trantit pe o masa .
Am sarit sa ii luam apararea , tipand sa ne aduca odata nota sa platim si sa plecam .
Au aparut in jurul nostru , pe terasa , tot felul de baieti ciudati , care au inceput sa ne imbranceasca si sa ne tina pe loc .
Eu tipam dupa nota care nu mai venea .
Intre timp una dintre prietene a sunat la politie , prietenul meu scapat din stransoare a sunat si el la politie .
In acel moment i s - a spus : " Ce faci ma , chemi politia ?
Hai ba la baie sa rezolvam noi treburile pana vine politia .
Ma doare in ... de politia voastra si de amenzi , si de plangeri .
Unde lucrati voi , ma nenorocitilor ?
Un telefon dau si nu mai lucrati de maine , ma auzi !
Vai de capul vostru ce va fac ! "
Tipam in continuare dupa nota de plata .
Prietenul meu a mai primit o runda de amentintari , imbranceli , strangeri de gat si degete in ochi .
Celalalt prieten , care isi tinea fata de mana , era sicanat si amenintat , doar , doar se enerveaza cineva si se da primul pumn .
Nu s -a dat niciun pumn .
Desi eram inconjurati de ciudati agresivi , nu am fost batuti .
A venit nota , am platit si am fost intrebati de un chelner cine plateste pentru mancare , ce face cu mancarea de care noi oricum nu ne atinsesem .
Prietena cu salata m- a strans de mana si mi-a spus sa tac .
Mi-a spus ca a venit cineva la ea si i-a spus ca daca nu mananca salata o omoara .
In acest timp prietenul meu era intins pe o masa , cu 7 , 8 tineri necunoscuti si violenti peste el .
Am sarit sa il apar , desi nu am mai mult de 1.55 .
Am fost luata pe sus si imobilizata de un baiat care nu cred ca avea mai mult de 17 ani .
L - am intrebat de ce ma tine si mi-a spus sa tac ca stie el mai bine .
Trecusera deja mai mult de 5 minute , dar politia nu a aparut .
Am iesit toti 8 de pe terasa pentru ca prietenul meu era tras de cap si de camasa afara .
In fata terasei era lume ca la circ , care mai de care sa filmeze si sa faca poze .
Nu , nu a sarit nimeni .
Nu , nu a venit nimeni sa ne intrebe daca suntem bine .
Am si acum in cap cuvintele sefului de sala cand i-a dat drumul prietenului meu : " Iti rup picioarele , te omor cu mainile mele , nu mai iesiti vii din statiune nici tu , nici nevasta - ta " .
Ne -am strans toti 50 de metri mai departe , asteptand politia , care a venit cam in 10 - 12 minute .
Prietenul meu s- a dus cu ei pe terasa si , in timp ce vorbea cu seful de sala , a venit un tip care l- a luat pe sus si vroia sa il scoata afara .
Toate astea de fata cu politia .
Am aflat intr -un final ca aceste cazuri sunt frecvente , " in fiecare zi , dar nu avem ce face , nimic nu ii sperie .
Cred ca sunt mana in mana cu cineva de sus , cu mafia .
In plus asa e justitia in Romania " , a concluzionat unul dintre politisti .
Ne -am speriat ingrozitor , tremuram si nu imi venea sa cred .
Ma intreb inca o data pentru ce .
Pentru ce suntem tratati ca niste animale , pentru ce inghitim toate mizeriile astea ?
Politistii ne-au spus ca il amendeaza pentru perturbarea linistii publice , amenda intre 200 si 10.000 de lei , si ne-au urat o seara frumoasa .
A doua zi am depus plangere .
Dar la ce bun ?
Nota redactiei : Acest material a fost primit la rubrica “ Articolul tau ” .
Scrie - ne si tu pe adresa redactiei smartwoman [ at ] hotnews [ dot ] ro .
Noi vom trata cu toata atentia articolul tau si , daca il vei trata la fel , ii vom acorda prima pagina .
Datele tale raman strict confidentiale , iar identitatea va fi protejata .
* Redactia SW isi rezerva dreptul de a modera materialele primite si de a le publica sub aceasta rezerva .
* Redactia SW isi rezerva dreptul de a alege , de a edita si de a transforma o parte dintre comentariile postate de cititori ( ca raspuns la articolele de pe site ) in materiale de sine statatoare .
Fashion On Trial Stork With Moustache Battles Humorless Neo-Nazis
On Wednesday a court in Nuremberg considered the case of a satirical stork that looks like Hitler and the damage it was doing to a fashion label favored by neo -Nazis .
The owners of the latter do n't like Storch Heinar , whose jokes they say , are damaging the reputation of their brand , Thor Steinar .
Von Cathrin Schaer
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Friends and political allies of embattled Rep. Charlie Rangel are noticeably quiet after the disclosure that the 40 - year House veteran and dean of the New York congressional delegation may face serious charges from a House ethics panel .
Rangel , 80 , told reporters Friday that he looked forward to a public airing of the charges next week and fully intended to fight to clear his name .
But national Democrats , already nervous about the party ’s prospects in the November election , had little to say publicly about Rangel ’s plight .
It ’s a particularly vexing situation for New York Democrats , who know Rangel well and have benefited for years from his campaign contributions and his advocacy for the state — particularly on the powerful Ways and Means Committee , which he chaired before stepping down from the post last March .
To criticize Rangel would look politically expedient for these Democrats and could risk the ire of the Congressional Black Caucus and the many influential black activists in New York .
But staying silent leaves them vulnerable to Republican charges that the party is not sufficiently tough on the ethical lapses of its members .
Another issue for many of New York ’s top officeholders : a scheduled Aug. 11 campaign fundraiser for Rangel at the Plaza Hotel in Manhattan , hosted by outgoing Gov. David Paterson and chaired by most of the state ’s Democratic party elite , including Attorney General Andrew Cuomo , the Democratic candidate for governor , and Sens. Chuck Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand .
New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg , a Republican - turned - independent , was listed as a co-host as well .
Asked at a Buffalo event Friday about Rangel , Gillibrand said she still backed him and planned to attend the fundraiser .
“ I support the chairman .
He ’s done a great deal of good for this country , ” Gillibrand said , which drew a blast from Republican David Malpass , who is seeking the GOP nomination to challenge Gillibrand .
“ By affirming her support for the ethically challenged congressman , Sen .
Gillibrand has once again chosen insider Washington politics over the interests of New Yorkers , ” Malpass said .
Few others were willing to weigh in on Rangel ’s behalf .
In an e-mail message , Bloomberg spokesman Jason Post said the mayor ’s position had not changed and he would reserve judgment until evidence was presented by the ethics panel .
A spokesperson said Schumer was still planning to attend the Rangel fundraiser , while a Cuomo spokesman said the campaign schedule had not been mapped out far enough yet to know whether Cuomo would be able to attend .
Also at issue for some New York Democrats : contributions Rangel has made to their campaign committees , which Republicans say are tainted .
Rangel made the vast majority of his contributions in the 2008 campaign cycle , before the ethics committee concluded he had broken House rules by accepting corporate donations for travel to the Caribbean earlier this year .
After that , many Democrats gave Rangel ’s money to charity .
Two New York House Democrats , Dan Maffei and Michael McMahon , have said they will keep the money they ’ve received from Rangel .
“ I talked to him last night , and his position has n’t changed .
We ’re not going to give up money that came from the past , ” Maffei spokeswoman Abigail Gardner said .
McMahon ’s spokeswoman , Jennifer Nelson , said McMahon had contributed the $ 1,000 he ’d received from Rangel to the Wounded Warriors charity but that he would keep the rest .
“ As Congressman McMahon has said before , he is not going to take other people ’s money to replace funds already spent to satisfy those seeking political gain , ” Nelson said .
For his part , Rangel has said he fully intends to run for another term .
He faces four poorly funded challengers in the Sept. 14 Democratic primary , including Adam Clayton Powell IV , the son of the famed Harlem congressman Rangel first defeated in 1970 .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
It is only recently ( the last decade or so ) that neuroscientists have realized that the brain harbors a reservoir of neural stem cells , even into adulthood , waiting to be recruited to make new connections .
This is an important part of neural plasticity and learning .
Now that we know the stem cells are there , research is underway to learn as much about them as possible , including their regulation .
Perhaps they play a role in certain diseases , like Alzheimers .
Or perhaps they could be exploited to treat or prevent such diseases .
It has also been learned that not all brains are the same in terms of aging .
Most brains atrophy and develop pathological signs of aging , and this correlates with a reduction in mental agility ( especially the ability to learn new things ) .
But a lucky few do not seem to develop these age - related changes , and can remain mentally nimble well past 100 .
Nailing down the environmental and genetic variables that make the difference would be interesting and potentially very useful .
For now we are at the basic science level in addressing these questions – just figuring out what is going on .
Clinical applications will hopefully come later .
But there is one thing it seems we can say now based upon existing research – exercise , both physical and mental , is good for the brain and staves off the negative effects of aging .
A newly published study looking at the regulation of neural stem cells may ultimately illuminate one mechanism behind this .
Researchers at the Salk Institute have been studying the regulation of neural stem cells .
These are stem cells that lie quietly in the brain , waiting until they are called for to differentiate into neurons and make new connections .
This is a delicate balance , however , as these cells need to remain viable and survive for a long time , but not activate or reproduce too much .
The researchers have identified one major molecular signal involved in this regulation – the bone morphogenetic factor protein ( BMP ) .
They studied its activity in the hippocampus , a brain region involved in memory and clearly shown to harbor neural stem cells .
In a series of experiments they identified that BMP signaling was inactive in proliferating or dividing cells .
BMP signaling was active , however , in the quiet neural stem cells .
They therefore hypothesized that BMP signaling is at least part of what is keeping these stem cells from dividing – a necessary function in keeping them viable as stem cells for years , while also preventing tumors from growing .
But so far they have only correlated BMP activity with the inhibition of dividing and proliferating .
Scientists understand that correlation is not sufficient to establish causation , so they did the typical follow up experiment – they blocked BMP signaling ( with a protein called NOGGIN ) and showed that this does indeed allow neural stem cells to being dividing .
They did this experiment in vitro ( in a dish ) and in mice brains .
They also found that when neural stem cells were allowed to proliferate and turn into neurons , the pool of stem cells was eventually depleted .
This suggests that BMP keeping neural stem cells quiet is important to maintaining a pool of stem cells throughout life .
This is an important step in understanding neural stem cells , but is just the beginning in a long path to hopefully understanding the genetic and environmental factors that influence neural stem cell function .
It ’s always difficult to extrapolate from this kind of basic science to clinical applications – you never know what applications will emerge .
News reports tend to jump on the most dramatic potential applications – like preventing the aging of the brain .
More often than not this just creates misleading expectations and disappointment ( like the recent articles wondering why we have n’t reaped all the promised benefits of the human genome project ) .
To some extent we have to be content to just advance our basic science understanding of the world , knowing that specific applications will spin off eventually , but unpredictably .
Meanwhile there is something everyone can do to improve their aging brain – exercise .
It ’s simple , but it works .
Like this stuff ?
Get it delivered to your email inbox daily !
Click here !
The original source for this email is a great CNET News article about the secrets of Grand Central , which you can see here .
But a comment therein suggested that story was wrong , so a bit of Googling lead to the below .
Here , as far as I can tell , is the real story .
--
Dan
The President 's Secret New York City Train Station
Grand Central Terminal , located in the heart of Midtown Manhattan , has over 40 platforms , making it the largest train station in the world .
But one of those platforms is rarely , if ever , used .
In 1871 , Grand Central , pictured right , opened its doors .
While the building itself stretches from 42nd to 45th street , the terminal as a whole extends -- underground -- as far uptown as 50th Street .
One of the buildings above these tracks , somewhere between 49th and 50th Streets , was a powerhouse for the Terminal .
The powerhouse had its own loading platform beneath it , used for discharging workmen and transporting machinery to the site as needed .
But when Con Edison , the local utility company , began to provide power to the Terminal , the powerhouse became redundant .
By the late 1920s , the world famous Waldorf - Astoria Hotel , took over the entire block between 49th and 50th , bulldozing the powerhouse .
By historical accident , the Waldorf - Astoria has its own , rarely used , train station .
Rarely used .
But not never .
When the President of the United States is in town , the platform is a backdoor to safety .
For decades , the Waldorf - Astoria has played host to presidents visiting the city .
In the mid-1940s , Franklin Delano Roosevelt visited the hotel , and a potentially apocryphal story suggests that he , for reasons of both vanity ( he wanted to hide the fact that he was wheelchair bound ) and security , employed a custom - made train car which brought him right to the Waldorf - Astoria 's " secret " train station .
The custom - made car -- replete with bullet - proof glass , gun ports , and plate armor -- still sits on the tracks , somewhere beneath Grand Central , as it is too large to move without taking it apart .
It also remains on site because it may be useful .
When the President is in town , all the entrances to the platform are guarded by police officers and military personnel , ensuring safe access to this underground escape route by the President in case of emergency .
Bonus fact :
The Waldorf is not the only New York landmark with an unused , subterranean train platform .
City Hall , in downtown Manhattan , is home to an unused , frozen - in - time subway station .
Neither of the studies , presented at the International Congress on Obesity in Stockholm , Sweden , have yet to be published .
According to the author of one of the papers , the science backing a variety of weight loss supplements is lacking .
“ The market for these is huge , but unlike for regulated drugs , effectiveness does not have to be proven for these to be sold , ” ​ said Dr Thomas Ellrott , head of the Institute for Nutrition and Psychology at the University of Göttingen Medical School , Germany .
“ Few of these supplements have been submitted to clinical trials and the landscape of products is always changing , so we need to put them through rigorous scientific evaluation to determine whether they have any benefit , ” ​he said .
Manufacturers of weight management dietary supplement products contacted by NutraIngredients.com stressed the robustness of the science backing the efficacy of their products .
​
Placebo - controlled trial ​
​
Dr Ellrott ’s study was a randomized , placebo controlled , partly blinded eight - week trial , where 189 overweight or obese individuals were given either a weight loss supplement in doses recommended by the manufacturers , or a placebo .
The nine supplement products tested were purchased at pharmacies in Germany .
Labelled active ingredients were : Polyglucosamide , cabbage powder , Konjak extract , sodiumalginate - complex , bean concentrate , selected plant extracts , L - Carnitine ,
fibre formulation and Guarana seed powder .
Significant weight loss was found for seven of the supplements ( between 1 kg and 2kg ) , but none of these resulted in “ a significantly greater weight loss than placebo ​ ( 1.2kg ) . ” ​
​
Systematic literature review ​
​
The second study , led by Dr. Igho Onakpoya of Peninsula Medical School at the Universities of Exeter and Plymouth , UK , claims to be “ the first systematic review of all existing systematic reviews of clinical trials on weight loss supplements . ” ​
​
Literature searches were conducted in five electronic databases to identify all relevant articles on nine popular slimming supplements .
These include : chromium picolinate , Ephedra , bitter orange , conjugated linoleic acid ( CLA ) , calcium , guar gum ,
glucomannan , chitosan and green tea .
The reviews , conducted by two independent reviewers , did not find any evidence that any of the supplements was “ an adequate treatment for reducing body weight ” . ​
​
According to Dr Onakpoya , the quality of the trials on the dietary supplement ingredients was “ very poor ” , ​ due to poor randomization techniques , allocation concealment , blinding issues and short duration .
“ The conclusions from the authors of the systematic reviews themselves mostly found that the weight loss was not clinically significant , meaning at least 5 per cent loss of initial body weight , ” ​ he told NutraIngredients.com .
The only clinically significant results were found for ephedra , he said .
Drugs are better ​
Dr Ellrott ’s study , which did not receive any funding , concluded that the weight loss drug orlistat should be used instead of dietary supplements due to its “ proven efficacy and safety ” . ​
​
Dr Onakpoya ’s position is funded by an unrestricted grant from the drug firm GlaxoSmithKline ( GSK ) , which manufactures orlistat under the brand name alli – ​ which only recently became available over - the counter in the US and Europe .
In 2008 , when alli ​became the first weight loss drug in the US to be sold without a prescription , GSK had petitioned the US Food and Drug Administration to reclassify all weight loss claims as disease claims – which would essentially push dietary supplement products ( which make weight loss health claims ) out of the weight loss market .
For more on that , click here​ .
Supplements supported ​
​
According to one supplement ingredient manufacturer contacted for comment , the Dr Onakpoya ’s literature review “ was not thorough enough ” . ​
Cognis , which manufactures CLA , one of the ingredients reviewed by Dr Onakpoya ’s team , stressed that its branded CLA – Tonalin – has been proven to influence fat reduction .
“ Tonalin has 18 studies published in peer reviewed journals supporting its role in weight management and we continue to see positive research that supports how CLA safely reduces body fat , maximizes lean muscle and prevents fat cells from refilling , ” ​ said the firm .
More and more economic experts are saying the U.S. economy is headed for a " double - dip " recession .
But actually it 's much more serious than that .
Earlier this week , Paul Krugman speculated that the U.S. is headed for a Third Great Depression , noting that while recessions are relatively common and depressions quite rare , he fears our current economic circumstance is coming to look more like the Great Depression of the 1930s or the Long Depression of the late 19th century .
The first chart below from David Leonhardt of The New York Times shows the recent downturn in private - sector unemployment .
The second chart from Leonhardt 's Times colleague Catherine Rampell ( one of the most statistically savvy reporters around ) compares the current economic downturn to previous ones .
Krugman 's point taken :
This does n't look like any run -of - the - mill downturn .
While some do not want to face the looming reality , it is becoming clearer every single day that what we face is not any typical recession but a full - blown economic reset .
My own look at the previous two similar crises shows that Great Resets like what we are now going through are generation - spanning events which require deep changes in economic , institutional , and spatial structures .
Are our economic policymakers ready for the enormity of the challenges we face - the deep and fundamental changes in our economic system , from what we produce to what we consume - required to restore economic prosperity ?
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
getSome [ 703 ]
Profile Blog Joined December 2009 United States 753 Posts Last Edited : 2010-07-07 20:39:27 #
1
Source :
Patch notes are up !
StarCraft II Beta - Patch 16 ( version 0.19.0.15976 )
StarCraft II Beta – Patch 16 ( version 0.19.0.15976 )
The latest patch notes can always be found on the StarCraft II Beta General Discussion forum .
General
Rally points now behave as a move command , instead of an attack move command .
Enabled the ability to manually add a StarCraft II character friend using the player 's character code .
Character code is a server - assigned numerical code that is displayed within the Add Friend panel .
Battle.net Achievements & Rewards have been updated .
All Quick Match modes are now available : 1v1 , 2v2 , 3v3 , 4 v4 , and Free For All .
All A.I. difficulties are now available for play .
Cooperative matchmaking versus A.I. players is now available as a play mode .
Enabled cross - game social features between World of Warcraft and StarCraft II .
Balance Changes
ZERG
Infestor
Frenzy spell removed .
Infested Terran spell added .
Overseer
Infested Terran spell removed .
Ultralisk
Now immune to stuns and mind control .
No topic specifically for patch 16 exists at the time of posting .
Sorry if there end up being duplicates ( : Source : http://us.starcraft2.com/launcher/patch-notes.htm
Patch notes are up !
StarCraft II Beta - Patch 16 ( version 0.19.0.15976 ) StarCraft II Beta – Patch 16 ( version 0.19.0.15976 ) The latest patch notes can always be found on the StarCraft II Beta General Discussion forum .
GeneralEnabled the ability to manually add a StarCraft II character friend using the player 's character code .
Character code is a server - assigned numerical code that is displayed within the Add Friend panel .
Battle .net Achievements & Rewards have been updated .
All Quick Match modes are now available : 1v1 , 2v2 , 3v3 , 4 v4 , and Free For All .
All A.I. difficulties are now available for play .
Cooperative matchmaking versus A.I. players is now available as a play mode .
Enabled cross - game social features between World of Warcraft and StarCraft II .
Balance ChangesZERGInfestorFrenzy spell removed .
Infested Terran spell added .
OverseerInfested Terran spell removed .
UltraliskNow immune to stuns and mind control .
Running Log !
http://www.runningahead.com/logs/5081b4d7a4a94c5e8fa20b01e668dfb6/calendar
ZeroCartin Profile Blog Joined March 2008 Costa Rica 2357 Posts # 2
Holy crap !!!
" My sister is on vacation in Costa Rica right now .
I hope she stays a while because she 's a miserable cunt . "
- pubbanana
Integra Profile Blog Joined January 2008 Sweden 5610 Posts # 3 Source please " Dark Pleasure " | | I survived the Locust war of May 3 , 2014
theqat Profile Blog Joined March 2008 United States 2213 Posts
# 4 FINALLY rally points are move instead of attack move .
Thank you , Blizzard
theqat Profile Blog Joined March 2008 United States 2213 Posts # 5 On July 08 2010 05:37 Integra wrote :
Source please
http://us.starcraft2.com/launcher/patch-notes.htm
Fire44 Profile Joined July 2010 Germany 7 Posts # 6
Where is the lurker ?
SI2 Profile Joined May 2010 Canada 33 Posts # 7 GG , not sure if the ultra is still worth it .
QuasiMachina Profile Joined August 2008 Australia 318 Posts # 8 post source please
Glaven Profile Blog Joined April 2010 Canada 554 Posts Last Edited : 2010-07-07 20:37:56 # 9
http://us.starcraft2.com/launcher/patch-notes.htm
Edit : Damn beaten Edit : Damn beaten Special Tactics
7mk Profile Blog Joined January 2009 Germany 10151 Posts # 10 aw man if they put in the correct effort and remove frenzy couldnt they have replaced it with a good or at least more interesting spell ?
thank god for the rally point fix though beep boop
WiljushkA Profile Joined March 2006 Serbia 1416 Posts # 11
User was warned for this post oooook ....
" As much as I love the image of me F5 - ing paypal every 15 minutes while fist pumping and screaming " SHIP THE MONEY BITCHES " " - Day9
KaRnaGe[cF ]
Profile Joined September 2007 United States 355 Posts # 12
Oh hell yeah finally the buff zerg needs !
" We must remember that one man is much the same as another , and that he is best who is trained in the severest school . "
- Athenian General Thucydides Quantum Gaming
Wolf Profile Blog Joined April 2010 Korea ( South ) 3276 Posts # 13
What do you guys think about the new rally point system ?
Commentator http://twitter.com/proxywolf
InTriX Profile Joined July 2010 United Kingdom 137 Posts # 14
+ personaly i dont like the idea of waypoints being the same as sc1 , ive gotten used to the sc2 waypoints .
Ultras imune to stuns .
GG terran mech u so dead now .+ personaly i dont like the idea of waypoints being the same as sc1 , ive gotten used to the sc2 waypoints Life is Not worth Dying for .
ZeroCartin Profile Blog Joined March 2008 Costa Rica 2357 Posts # 15 On July 08 2010 05:37 The PassingShadow wrote :
What do you guys think about the new rally point system ?
This is great ! :D
This is great ! :D
" My sister is on vacation in Costa Rica right now .
I hope she stays a while because she 's a miserable cunt . "
- pubbanana
Trok67 Profile Joined May 2010 France 382 Posts # 16 do n't realle see any buff ... they just get rid of their useless frenzy spell
lostshard Profile Joined July 2009 United States 95 Posts # 17 Training Day
Train 10 Marines during the first 320 seconds of a single Melee game .
Zealot Push
Warp in 5 Zealots during the first 250 seconds of a single Melee game .
Zergling Rush
Morph 20 Zerglings during the first 255 seconds of a single Melee game .
Ca n't Touch
This !
Dodge a Raven Seeker Missile in a Melee game .
One - Finger Discount
Cancel construction of a structure that is being destroyed by an opponent in a Melee game .
Free -for - All Crusher
Destroy a total of 100 enemy units in Free - for - All Quick Match games .
Fast Expand
Expand during the first 225 seconds of a Melee game .
Erector Time
Build a Factory during the first 270 seconds of a Melee game .
It 's Morphing Time
Mutate a Lair during the first 285 seconds of a Melee game .
Warp In Time
Warp in a Twilight Council during the first 275 seconds of a Melee game .
Protoss Macro Master
Have 9 Protoss units warping in simultaneously in a League game .
Terran Macro Master
Have 9 Terran units training simultaneously in a League game .
Zerg Macro Master
Have 21 Zerg units morphing simultaneously in a League game .
Work , Work
Win a League game without exceeding 30 seconds of total idle harvester time .
Denied
Destroy an enemy Command Center , Hatchery , or Nexus while it is under construction in a League game .
Meatgrinder
Kill 50 supply worth of units within 15 seconds in a Melee game .
I See Dead Units
Destroy 10 cloaked or burrowed units in a single Melee game .
The Rich Get Richer
Deplete 10 Rich Mineral Fields in a single Melee game .
Raining Blood
Destroy a fully loaded transport in a League game .
Fire Fighter
Save 8 burning Terran structures in a single Melee game .
A Roach 's Life
Regenerate 500 life on a single Roach without taking friendly fire in a League game .
Frugal Fighter
Regenerate 500 shield energy on a single unit without taking friendly fire in a League game .
Warp In Madness
Warp in 100 units with Warp Gates in a single League game .
Big Brother Is Watching
Hold a Xel ' Naga Tower for 5 consecutive minutes in a League game .
City Builder
Complete all the Economy achievements .
Supreme Being
Complete all the League Combat achievements .
Welcome Back , Commander
Complete all the Melee Combat achievements .
Hot Pickup
Load a Dropship with a unit that is under attack in a League game .
Unbreakable !
Destroy 40 units with a single unit in a single League game .
Counter - Proof
Attack for 20 seconds with no counterattacks in a League game .
Auto - Kill
Using Auto - Turrets , destroy 20 SCVs in a single League game .
To The Shadows I Run
Use Blink to save a Stalker in a Melee game .
Meet the Spy
Kill 5 Changelings in a single League game .
Shroom Absorption
Absorb 1,000 damage with hallucinations in a single League game .
Just an Illusion
Control 15 hallucinations at once in a Melee game .
The Flying Heal Bus
Heal 5,000 life with Medivacs in a single League game .
Psionic Death
Destroy 20 units with a single High Templar in a Melee game .
Infested Terror
Destroy 30 units with Infested Terrans in a single League game .
MULE X'ing
Call down 30 MULEs in a single League game .
Would You Kindly ...
Destroy 5 units with a single Neural Parasited unit in a League game .
Nuclear Launch Detected
Kill 15 enemy units with a single Nuke in a League game .
The Back Door
Using Warp Prisms , warp in 50 units in a single Melee game .
Beep , Beep , Boom !
Destroy 6 units with a single Seeker Missile in a League game .
Professionals Have Standards
Destroy 20 units with Sniper Rounds in a single League game .
Centurion Queen
Create 100 Larvae with Queens in a single League game .
Distorted Reality
Capture 50 enemy units in a single Vortex in a Melee game .
Yamato Master Blaster
Destroy 20 units with Yamato blasts in a single League game .
Zerglot
While playing as Zerg , warp in a Zealot in a Melee game .
Neighborly Help
Heal 300 life on friendly units in a single League game .
Just a Scratch
Repair 1,000 life on allied structures in a single Melee game .
Carnage Hall
Destroy 4 Command Centers , Hatcheries , or Nexuses in a single League game .
Play Replay
Watch any Battle . net replay .
FFA Gladiator
Destroy a total of 5,000 enemy units in Free - for - All Quick Match games .
On another site someone claims to have datamined achievements out of the patch : + Show Spoiler +
The Insane
Jettster Profile Joined July 2009 United States 72 Posts # 18 lol they need to just let the infested terran die or atleast make it more viable
It 's not who you play , it 's how you play .
caseeker Profile Joined April 2010 United States 63 Posts # 19 cannot be , its way too short ...
Vessel Profile Joined June 2010 United States 214 Posts # 20 On July 08 2010 05:37 Fire44 wrote :
Where is the lurker ?
Where is the lurker ?
he will not be in the game before the x-pac and possibly not ever .
there was an interview about it he will not be in the game before the x-pac and possibly not ever .
there was an interview about it
1 2 3 4 5 18 19 20 Next All
Open your eyes , Chicago , and meet the gaze of a 30 - foot eyeball .
That stare–from the 30 - foot “ EYE ” sculpture –officially opens this morning in Chicago ’s Loop .
Tony Tasset , the artist behind the eyeball–adorned with a blue iris and blood vessels –modeled it after one of his own .
For help with his handiwork , Tasset turned to Wisconsin - based Fiberglass Animals , Shapes & Trademarks .
Sculptors built and painted the ocular mass by hand , using between 8,000 and 9,000 pounds of fiberglass and another 9,000 pounds of steel .
“ Tony ’s a great guy to work with , ” says Darren Shauf , general manager of F.A.S.T .
“ He ’s got a great eye . ”
That aesthetic sensibility will be put to the test as the eye is officially unveiled in Pritzker Park .
For some , judgment need not wait .
“ I think it ’s awful , ” says Tony Dreibus , who lives less than a block from the sculpture .
He explains : “ It ’s a giant eyeball , which I guess is art in some people ’s eyes , but not mine . ”
The installation is funded by the Chicago Loop Alliance , a group of businesses that brings events and pop-up artwork to the area .
Along with “ EYE , ” the CLA is also sponsoring Tasset ’s “ CARDINAL , ” a collection of 156 red-cardinal adorned street banners .
The project cost “ a little over the six - figures mark , ” said CLA Executive Director Ty Tabing in the Chicago Tribune .
A team 's strategy in one graph .
By Javier López Peña and Hugo Touchette School of Mathematical Sciences .
Queen Mary , University of London
A sophisticated new analysis of team tactics predicts a Spanish win in Sunday 's FIFA World Cup final and also shows why England were beaten by Germany .
Mathematicians and football supporters Dr Javier López Peña and Dr Hugo Touchette from Queen Mary , University of London have collected ball passing data from all of the FIFA World Cup games and analysed it to reveal the nations ' different styles of play .
Using the mathematical technique called Graph Theory , they have revealed the gaping holes in England 's tactics against Germany game and made predictions about the Netherlands - Spain final that could rival the psychic octopus .
For each national side , Drs López Peña and Touchette have drawn up a ' network ' of passes between players throughout the tournament and analysed how these networks compare between teams .
Dr Touchette explains : " Each player in the network is given a score called centrality which measures how vital they are to the network .
The higher the centrality score , the bigger the impact if that player was n't there .
This method is most commonly used to make computer networks more robust , but it can also be used to plan football strategy . "
Graph
Theory is used to analyse different types of network , most commonly to investigate computer networks - such as the internet - and to model what would happen if different parts of the networks were suddenly removed .
This type of research , which takes place in Queen Mary 's School of Mathematical Sciences , can make computer networks more robust and less susceptible to disruption .
The Netherlands - Spain prediction
The networks reveal Spanish players have made a strikingly high number of passes this tournament , almost 40 per cent more than Germany and twice as many as the Dutch .
" The team relies on swift passes that are well distributed among all players , especially between those playing mid-field , " said Dr López Peña .
David Villa , the tournament 's highest goal scorer , has received an average of 37 passes per game , more than any other forward from all the teams .
Dr López Peña said : " Villa 's performance has been impressive compared with Fernando Torres , who has not scored any goals this tournament .
This was reflected in the successful Spanish tactics , with Torres only receiving an average of 13 passes per match , and 37 to Villa . "
Conversely , the Dutch gameplay is clearly offensive , involving a very low number of passes between players , most of which are aimed at the strikers .
Dr López Peña said : " The low number of passes shows the Dutch prefer quick attacks and counterstrikes rather than intricate playing .
Their goals are often scored from set pieces such as free kicks and they use their physical presence to beat their opponents . "
The England - Germany match
The analysis shows the English squad to have a balanced line - up with no single player more important than the team as a whole .
Dr López Peña said : " The good midfield work of Frank Lampard , Steven Gerrard and Gareth Barry does n't appear to transfer very well to the forwards , with Wayne Rooney receiving on average three times more passes than Jermain Defoe .
This makes the English attack very predictable and easily stoppable by blocking Rooney , who is usually forced to give the ball back to Gerrard . "
The German network appears even more balanced than the English one , with a higher number of passes , suggesting more circulation of the ball .
" Particularly relevant are the passes between Philipp Lahm and Bastian Schweinsteiger and most of the German attacks are built up from the defenders .
Mesut Oezil makes good work connecting both sides of the field on the attack , making the German offensive game very effective and hard to defend against .
The key player in the German strategy remains Schweinsteiger , who was effectively blocked by the Spanish midfielders ' characteristic fast circulation in their semi-final defeat , " said Dr López Peña .
Explore further Using science to identify true soccer stars
Episode 01 - Youtube Kids Singing :
I will be posting new videos to my site , as well as this Facebook page ( in lieu of having an actual RSS feed , if you do n't know what that is , press ctrl+w or command+w on a Mac for help ) .
You may also follow using this link : or by subscribing on YouTube .
That 's it for now .
If you missed the back story , click the link in this sentence that says " back story . "
The book site for I Am Better Than Your Kids has also officially launched .
Stay tuned for more episodes .
707,203 people now know that it 's possible to successfully translate my website into video form .
© 1997-2017 by Maddox
Mary Knows
Best chronicles the poignant and often funny situations that psychic Mary Occhino and her family get themselves into on a daily basis .
Her children , Jackie , Chris and Carl , are a mismatched group of siblings consisting of a skeptic , a paranormal investigator and a reluctant psychic .
Have you ever heard the expressions , “ think outside of the box ” , or “ step outside your comfort zone ” ?
Well , today I am gonna do just that .
As most everyone knows , NICOclub stands for “ Nissan ( and ) Infiniti Car Owners Club ” .
We are the largest Nissan / Infiniti forum on the web .
We have a wealth of information on just about every model of Datsun , Nissan , and Infiniti ever made .
So , just to mix things up a bit , I thought I ’d write an article about a Toyota .
Before you decide to bring me up on charges of treason , hear me out .
The owner , Jim Newman ( a.k.a. flohtingPoint ) , is a member of NICO and his first vehicle was a 1990 Nissan Hardbody pickup truck .
The Hardbody is long gone but Jim has stuck around to give everyone lots of free advice and share his stories of racing in the WDCR SCCA .
Who cares that he is doing it in a 1986 Toyota Corolla GT - S , right ?
I met Jim this year in Carlisle , PA at NICOfest during the Carlisle Performance and Style exhibition .
The day before the event started , Jim worked all day , came home , and swapped out almost everything on his car so it could be driven on the road .
Time of completion : 3 AM .
He made the trek from DC to PA , just so he could enjoy some cheap track time and get to know some of his fellow NICO members .
During the two - day event , Jim spent much of his time giving ride alongs and free instruction to the new kids .
He told me the day he left that he spent more time instructing than he did driving .
However , when he hit the track , he did so with authority .
The only car that beat him all weekend was a Z06 Corvette and the driver only beat him by one second .
To read the article about NICOfest at Carlisle , click here .
Jim spends his days traveling as a network engineer but he graciously offered me a few minutes of his time for a Q & A session about himself , his love of racing , and why he chose a Toyota over anything else .
Here is his story ….
Weapon of choice ( year , make , and model of car ) ?
1986 Toyota Corolla GTS
When did your love of cars begin ?
At a young age .
Like most kids , I had Matchbox cars , liked the sound of loud motors , could n’t wait till I was 16 , etc .
Who influenced you the most to get into racing ?
Three time Formula 1 World Champion , Ayrton Senna ( RIP ) .
What was your first car ?
A 1990 Nissan Hardbody pickup .
What ever happened to it ?
When I joined the military , it was given to my Grandfather .
The truck treated me well , I think I changed the oil all of three times and it kept running like a champion .
I had a starter and a clutch failure , other than that , it had a clean bill of health and never gave me issues .
Why did you choose the Toyota ?
Simplicity ’s sake , honestly .
The car comes apart and goes back together rather easily .
For years I had S13’s with turbo motors in them ( CA18 ’s / SR20’s ) and they ’re less than pleasant to work on because I have very big hands .
I got tired of having to be a Yoga Master and contort my arms in odd directions just to fix things that broke .
I have the tendency to break things more than most people ( probably because of my massive track schedule ) , so I needed something that would provide as little downtime as possible .
Why has it never been replaced ?
I ’ve thought about it quite a bit .
From time to time I have a crisis in faith and think something else might be a more attractive option .
Just the other day I was looking for a stock 1989 Civic or a stock mid 80 ’s Corolla FX - 16 for use in the H - Stock class of autocross .
Fact of the matter is , you look at successful champions and they either have a ton of cash or stick with the same vehicle and focus only on that one car .
I dont have a ton of cash , so I ’m trying to take the latter route .
shift_Corolla – Part II
Calling a function of the exec family causes a file to be executed as a program .
There are two or three separate cases .
If the file is recognized as being in some well - known binary format , the corresponding loaders and linkers are invoked , and an executable process image is constructed , and subsequently started .
If the file starts with the two bytes #! , then the program is started whose name is found following the # ! , with the name of the current file as an argument .
This enables one to use interpreted scripts on equal footing with compiled programs .
If none of these is the case then some silly systems feed the file to / bin /sh .
This usually leads to screenfuls of error messages and users praying that in this megabyte of binary garbage no valid shell commands occur .
Quite often the terminal is left in some obscure state .
On most Unix - like systems , given a script
#! / path / interpreter - a - b stuff
/ scriptpath / script
execl ( " / scriptpath / script " , " args0 " , " args1 " , " args2 " , ( char *) 0 ) ;
execl ( " / path/interpreter " , " / path / interpreter " , " - a - b " , " / scriptpath / script " , " args1 " , " args2 " , ( char *) 0 ) ;
The interpreter is called with a parameter list consisting of four groups of arguments : arg0 , argi , argn , args .
The first group , arg0 , consists of one argument .
For SysVR4 , SunOS , Solaris , IRIX , BSDI , BSD-OS , OpenBSD , DU , Unixware , Linux 2.4 , FreeBSD this argument is / path / interpreter .
For Tru64 ( 4.0 ) , AIX ( 4.3 , 5.1 ) , Linux 2.2 , MacOS
X this argument is interpreter .
For HP - UX this argument is / scriptpath / script .
The second group , argi , consists of the 0 or 1 or perhaps more arguments to the interpreter found in the #!
line .
Thus , this group is empty if there is no nonblank text following the interpreter name in the #!
line .
If there is such nonblank text then for SysVR4 , SunOS , Solaris , IRIX , HPUX , AIX , Unixware , Linux , OpenBSD , NetBSD , Tru64 , FreeBSD 6.0 this group consists of precisely one argument , as in the example above where argi consists of the single argument " - a - b " .
FreeBSD before 6.0 , BSD / OS , BSDI , Minix split the text following the interpreter name into zero or more arguments , and hence have an argi consisting of the two arguments " - a " , " - b " in the above example .
( FreeBSD 4.0 introduced and FreeBSD 6.0 removed the treatment of ' # ' in arguments as comment . )
( Also Plan9 allows several arguments here . )
Solaris and Unixware split at spaces , but take at most 1 argument , thus have argi equal to " - a " in the above example .
The third group , argn , consists of one argument , the name of the script .
According to the man pages , SysVR4 and Unixware have args0 here , but tests on Unixware 7.0.1 also show the name of the script .
The fourth group , args , consists of zero or more arguments , namely the arguments after args0 in the invocation of the script .
The syntax is as follows : #! followed by optional whitespace followed by the interpreter pathname optionally followed by ( whitespace followed by interpreter arguments ) followed by newline .
Some systems have a limit on the line length .
For example , SunOS 4 truncates it after 32 bytes ; HP - UX truncates it after 80 bytes ; Linux truncates it after 127 bytes ; AIX 5.1 truncates it after 255 bytes .
BSD / OS 4.2 does not truncate .
At least 128 bytes are accepted on Solaris , IRIX , AIX , OSF /1 .
( AIX 4.3 refuses to execute the script if the total length of the #!
line exceeds 255 bytes ( and then has an exit status of 0 ... ) .
FreeBSD ( 3.4 , 4.2 ) : As AIX 4.3 , but with 64 bytes .
FreeBSD ( 5.0 ) : Fails with ENAMETOOLONG if the total length of the #!
line exceeds 128 bytes . )
Many systems delete trailing whitespace from the #!
line before parsing .
( Linux , FreeBSD , BSD /OS , HP -UX , Solaris , SCO OpenServer 5 , Unixware 7 delete trailing whitespace .
NetBSD , OpenBSD , Tru64 , IRIX , AIX leave trailing whitespace in the single argument .
AIX ( 4.3 , 5.1 ) and Tru64 ( T4.0 ) convert a trailing tab to a space . )
It is rumored that some systems only recognize an executable script when it starts with the four bytes `# ! /' , probably because the GNU autoconf manual says so , but it seems impossible to find confirmation for this rumor .
See also this article by Sven Mascheck .
Clearly , the syntax as sketched precludes an interpreter pathname with embedded whitespace .
I do not know about systems that define an escape mechanism here .
Many Unix systems will consider a `\r ' in a DOS - type line - ending ( `\r
' ) part of the interpreter arguments .
( HP - UX , Solaris , UnixWare ignore trailing `\r ' .
AIX , BSD / OS , FreeBSD , Linux , OpenBSD , Tru64 do not . )
The details on arg0 and argn vary in cases where a relative pathname is used .
Usually argn is precisely the string that was used , but some systems make it " ./ script " in case " script " was used .
Unixware 7 uses / dev/fd / N in case the script is suid and not invoked by root ( in order to avoid the race between reading the name and opening the script ) .
The Hurd uses / dev/fd / N in case no pathname of the script is known ( for example , because it was execd using fexec ( ) ) .
Usually arg0 is precisely the string that was used , but some systems turn " / path / interpreter " into just " interpreter " , while some other systems do just the reverse .
Some systems forbid interpreters that themselves are interpreted scripts .
Additions and corrections are welcome .
Andries Brouwer - aeb@cwi.nl
Consider the script
#! bar - a -b date
foo
bar.c
int main ( int argc , char ** argv ) { int i ; for ( i=0 ; i< argc ; i++) printf ( " [ %s ] " , argv[ i ] ) ; printf ( "
" ) ; return 0 ; }
bar
chmod +x foo
uname -a
foo x y z
Linux 2.0.34 : [ bar ] [ - a - b ] [./ foo ] [ x ] [ y ] [ z ]
Linux 2.3.46 : [ bar ] [ - a - b ] [./ foo ] [ x ] [ y ] [ z ]
A lot of useful information was provided by Colin Watson .
Britain 's fattest woman dies of heart attack after junk food binge in hospital bed
Britain 's fattest woman has died from a heart attack after her family smuggled takeaways and junk food into her hospital room , it has been revealed .
Junk food addict Sharon Mevsimler , 40 , weighed 45 stone and needed an oxygen mask due to the strain her weight put on her heart and lungs .
But witnesses at Broomfield Hospital - where she had been a patient for two months - said relatives brought in fish and chips and family - sized buckets of fried chicken to the mother - of - four .
Heart attack : Sharon Mevsimler , 40 , pictured on GMTV in 2007 talking about a hospital decision to deny her gastric bypass surgery has died
Mrs Mevsimler , whose husband Bulent gave up his job as a chef to look after her , died at the weekend .
An NHS source told The Sun : ' She obviously had a serious underlying problem with food , but did nothing to help herself .
' Those who came to visit her in hospital did her no favours .
' We saw them bringing in various fatty foods like fish and chips and huge portions of fried chicken when she should not have been eating these things .
' It was infuriating to see her literally eating herself to death . '
The mother - of - four , who was just 5ft tall , had received 24 - hour care since 2005 - including a three - month stint in the exclusive £ 5,000 - a- month Priory Clinic paid for by the NHS .
She had begun to comfort eat after suffering severe post-natal depression .
Treatment :
The mother - of - four , pictured with husband Bulent , began putting on weight after suffering severe post-natal depression and required 24 - hour care
She is also believed to have undergone a £ 30,000 gastric by - pass operation earlier this year .
Doctors told her she had just months to live in 2007 because of her size - then 42 stone .
Mrs Mevsimler said earlier this month : ' I have been left to die .
If I was anorexic I would get proper help but no one has sympathy for obese people . '
She had been confined to a specially strengthened bed at the hospital in Chelmsford .
The hospital has refused to comment .
Her death comes just months after Britain 's biggest man - 70 - stone Paul Mason from Ipswich - underwent a gastric by - pass to control his obesity .
Image caption Sperm whales may put a gentle ( and unwitting ) brake on climate change
Sperm whale faeces may help oceans absorb carbon dioxide from the air , scientists say .
Australian researchers calculate that Southern Ocean sperm whales release about 50 tonnes of iron every year .
This stimulates the growth of tiny marine plants - phytoplankton - which absorb CO2 during photosynthesis .
The process results in the absorption of about 400,000 tonnes of carbon - more than twice as much as the whales release by breathing , the study says .
The researchers note in the Royal Society journal Proceedings B that the process also provides more food for the whales , estimated to number about 12,000 .
Phytoplankton are the basis of the marine food web in this part of the world , and the growth of these tiny plants is limited by the amount of nutrients available , including iron .
Faecal attraction
Over the last decade or so , many groups of scientists have experimented with putting iron into the oceans deliberately as a " fix " for climate change .
Not all of these experiments have proved successful ; the biggest , the German Lohafex expedition , put six tonnes of iron into the Southern Ocean in 2008 , but saw no sustained increase in carbon uptake .
Image caption The Lohafex expedition was the latest to probe iron fertilisation
Although 400,000 tonnes of carbon is less than one - ten - thousandth of the annual emissions from burning fossil fuels , the researchers note that the global total could be more substantial .
There are estimated to be several hundred thousand sperm whales in the oceans , though they are notoriously difficult to count ; and lack of iron limits phytoplankton growth in many regions besides the Southern Ocean .
So it could be that whale faeces are fertilising plants in several parts of the world .
Crucial to the idea is that sperm whales are not eating and defecating in the same place - if they were , they could just be absorbing and releasing the same amounts of iron .
Instead , they eat their diet - mainly squid - in the deep ocean , and defecate in the upper waters where phytoplankton can grow , having access to sunlight .
Releasing the iron here is ultimately good for the whales as well , say the researchers - led by Trish Lavery from Flinders University in Adelaide .
Phytoplankton are eaten by tiny marine animals - zooplankton - which in turn are consumed by larger creatures that the whales might then eat .
The scientists suggest a similar mechanism could underpin the " krill paradox " - the finding that the abundance of krill in Antarctic waters apparently diminished during the era when baleen whales that eat krill were being hunted to the tune of tens of thousands per year .
​ If you ’re going to smoke pot , for goodness ’ sakes , smoke it every day , man .
Pharmacology , Biochemistry and Behavior .
Investigators at Columbia University in New York and San Francisco Brain Research Institute assessed acute marijuana - related effects on cognitive functioning in 24 volunteers who reported consuming cannabis at least 24 times per week , reports NORML Scientists found that participants ’ overall performance accuracy on episodic memory and working memory tasks “ was not significantly altered by marijuana . ”
“ The present findings show that smoked marijuana produced minimal effects on episodic and spatial working memory of near - daily smokers , ” the researchers concluded .
Experienced marijuana consumers show virtually no changes in cognitive performance after using cannabis , according to clinical trial data published online this week in the journal
“ The overall response accuracy on the word recognition and working memory tasks was unaffected by marijuana , although smoked marijuana did increase the amount of time participants needed to complete these tasks , ” investigators said .
“ The pattern of effects is consistent with results previously reported by other researchers studying the acute effects of marijuana on cognitive performance of regular users , ” the study said .
“ The finding … stands in contrast to previous findings in occasional smokers who showed reduced accuracy on these same tasks after marijuana . ”
“ The observation that frequent users ’ response accuracy is not altered after marijuana smoking to the same extent it is for infrequent users … suggests that near - daily marijuana smokers may have developed tolerance to some marijuana - related behavioral effects . ”
Natural selection is a bubble sort .
You move one thing above another , systematically , until you ’ve organized from lowest to highest .
Social thinking is a flat hierarchy .
You accept everyone , and if someone stumbles , you pick them up .
This interrupts the sorting process .
Without sorting , your society becomes a mob of unruly people each trying to be more unique than the others .
Corruption flourishes , and good ideas get ignored because most of the people do n’t understand them .
The mundanes are the people who will never add anything other than their labor , by which they follow the leads of others .
They are raw material like other unsensing labor .
They may even have a trade or be competent at a specific task , but it ’s questionable whether they have intelligence .
What they have is probably best described as a task ability , or a thin intelligence , or a partial intelligence .
If we want to end humanity ’s problems , we must sort humanity , and put the ones at top in charge .
Foxconn workers in China will get another pay rise in coming months in response to recent suicides of employees , the company said today .
The Taiwan - based company said salaries would be raised in October to 2,000 yuan ( £ 202 ) for workers at its plant in the southern Chinese city of Shenzhen .
Workers elsewhere in China will get rises in July adjusted for local conditions .
Less than a week ago , the maker of iPads , iPhones and other electronic gadgets raised workers ' pay by 30 % at its plants across China .
Ten workers have killed themselves and three have attempted suicide at Foxconn 's operations in southern China this year , mainly workers who jumped from buildings .
A Foxconn worker in northern China also killed himself this year .
The basic salary at Foxconn 's China plants was about 900 yuan a month before the 30 % rise , and new recruits are paid 1,200 yuan a month .
" This wage increase has been instituted to safeguard the dignity of workers , " said Foxconn 's chairman , Terry Gou .
Foxconn employs 300,000 in Shenzhen .
Labour activists accuse the company of having a rigid management style and say workers are forced to work excessively long hours .
Foxconn denies the allegations , but it has been under public pressure to improve conditions at its Chinese operations .
The company is the world 's largest contract maker of electronics .
Its clients include Apple , Sony , Dell , Nokia and Hewlett - Packard .
In late May , Gou promised to work harder to prevent more deaths .
Safety nets were installed on buildings and more counsellors were hired .
Employees were also assigned to 50 - person groups , to watch one another for signs of emotional trouble .
How Many Traditional Marriages Were Saved or Strengthened When This Man Lost The Love of His Life and Then His Home ?
None .
" DOMA In Real Life , " Sullivan headlines his post ( via ) .
This is what DOMA does , what it achieves .
It does n't defend marriage .
It stigmatizes , punishes , and impoverishes people for the crime of loving each other .
It harms people who never harmed anyone else , it does violence to people who posed no threat to anyone else 's marriage , traditional or otherwise .
But the cruelest irony is that DOMA harms people who have themselves protected " traditional " marriage by refusing to enter into traditional marriages .
The religious right argues that these men should have left homosexuality — and each other — and married women they could never truly love .
But loveless , unstable marriages that are likely to end in divorce do more harm to the institution of marriage than same - sex marriage ever could .
Mood : accomplished
Music : Bob Marley
You could be loved
The Good Kind
A Connecticut fire department union has angrily demanded the resignation of a local politician for likening their opposition to a mayoral firefighting proposal to “ the way Hamas lobs rockets into Israel . ”
The dust up involves the Stamford Professional Fire Fighters Association , which has lobbied strongly against a plan by Stamford Mayor Michael Pavia that would result in the hiring of 61 new paid firefighters and merging them with a volunteer fire department .
In response to the union ’s efforts , Stamford City Representative Scott Mirkin was quoted in the Stamford Advocate as saying , “ Charges and assertions , real and perceived , are being lobbed the way Hamas lobs rockets into Israel . ”
Those comments – which were uttered two days after two firefighters in nearby Bridgeport died in the line of duty – infuriated Stamford Professional Fire Fighters Association President Brendan Keatley and his 280 members .
Keatley told The Post Mirkin ’s comments “ display an utter lack of judgment and show him to be insensitive to both firefighters and the people of Israel who are innocent victims of Hamas rocket attacks . ”
He added that many of his 280 members , who are now assigned to the Stamford Fire Rescue Department , work just 30 miles from New York City , where many spent long hours working at Ground Zero after the 9 - 11 attacks .
“ I do n’t know what his [ Mirkin ’s ] thinking was .
I have no idea what he meant by it , but as a firefighter , I ’m upset by it .
It ’s absolutely wrong , ” Keatley said .
“ I was at Ground Zero after 9 - 11 and a lot of people went to the Trade Center that day and did n’t come home , ” he noted .
Mirkin could not be reached for comment , but told the Stamford Advocate the union was misstating his position and that he had no intention of resigning .
The chatter began weeks ago as armchair engineers brainstormed for ways to stop the torrent of oil spilling into the Gulf of Mexico :
What about nuking the well ?
Decades ago , the Soviet Union reportedly used nuclear blasts to successfully seal off runaway gas wells , inserting a bomb deep underground and letting its fiery heat melt the surrounding rock to shut off the flow .
Why not try it here ?
The idea has gained fans with each failed attempt to stem the leak and each new setback  on Wednesday , the latest rescue effort stalled when a wire saw being used to slice through the riser pipe got stuck .
“ Probably the only thing we can do is create a weapon system and send it down 18,000 feet and detonate it , hopefully encasing the oil , ” Matt Simmons , a Houston energy expert and investment banker , told Bloomberg News on Friday , attributing the nuclear idea to “ all the best scientists . ”
Capturing images of the animals that populate our world is incredibly hard taking a lot of patience and probably more to the point – being in the right place at the right time and having a fast trigger finger .
When caught though the grace and beauty of even the smallest insect or the flight of the largest bird takes on a special quality all of its own .
Fellow Canadian Scott Linstead is either one lucky guy or he is a master at his specialty – capturing those elusive and gorgeous images of nature in motion .
These six images are some of my favorites .
July 28 , 2010  --
Igor walks into the employment office and is interviewed by that most unlikely human , a person who has no prejudice against others who are somehow different .
But Igor has a heavy accent and his words are hard to understand as he tries to convince the interviewer that he's not the Igor identified in the morning newspaper as the thief who was just released from state prison .
Will he get the job ?
Not likely , according to new research from the University of Chicago .
The interviewer will probably think Igor is lying .
A study by Shiri Lev - Ari , a post doctoral researcher , and Boaz Keysar , a professor of psychology and a specialist on communication , published in the current issue of the Journal of Experimental Social Psychology , shows that a heavy accent that is difficult to understand will cause others to doubt the truthfulness of whatever the person is saying .
The research shows that the more difficult the person is to understand , the less truthful he or she will be judged -- even if the people doing the judging are otherwise open - minded .
" We were looking for a very particular impact of accent on misjudgment that goes beyond the contribution of prejudice , " Keysar said in a telephone interview .
" Does the difficulty in understanding speech impact judgment ? "
The researchers are n't suggesting that prejudice does n't play a key role in how we judge others , but they think they 've identified another important contributor .
" We 're trying to show that independent of prejudice there is another factor that 's going to influence the degree to which you trust people , " Lev - Ari added .
" There 's a problem with prejudice in society , but even if you 're not prejudiced , you 're still going to be biased because of other reasons , " specifically , in this case , the difficulty in understanding someone with a heavy accent .
The researchers conducted two experiments involving 55 English - speaking Americans who listened to recordings of nine speakers reading trivia statements such as " A giraffe can go without water longer than a camel can . "
To reduce the role of prejudice , the participants were told that the statements were originated by the experimenters , not the speakers , so the speakers were really just reading a prepared text .
The speakers were not even told whether the statements were true or false .
Three of the speakers were English speaking Americans ; three were mildly accented ( Polish , Turkish and Austrian - German ) ; and three were heavily accented ( Korean , Turkish and Italian . )
" As predicted , accented speech was rated as less truthful than native speech , " the researchers reported .
The more difficult it was to understand , the lower the " truthfulness rating . "
The difference was not giant : 7.5 on a truthfulness scale for the Americans , 6.95 for those with a mild accent , and 6.84 for the heavy accents .
But it was judged significant by the experimenters .
Foreign Accents : Does One Mean
You 're a Liar ?
The second experiment was designed to see if participants could be less sensitive to a heavy accent if they were told they were being tested to see if accents undermine credibility .
So the first participants were deceived into believing the experiment would test their knowledge .
But the second group knew the real purpose was to determine " the effect of the difficulty of understanding speakers ' speech on the likelihood that their statements would be believed . "
If prejudice is the primary factor the results of both experiments should be the same , Lev-Ari said .
But they were n't .
In the second experiment , speakers with a mild accent were rated almost exactly the same as speakers with no accent .
But those with a heavy accent were judged considerably less truthful because they were harder to understand .
" If it was just about prejudice , there should n't be a reason for differences ( between the two experiments , ) " Lev -Ari said .
Prejudice is deeply seated and not easily dispatched by the introduction of one new fact .
" The only thing that has changed is their awareness of the fact that if the accent is difficult to understand it might influence their judgment , " she said .
And it did .
Mild accents did n't suffer , but heavy accents did , and that 's because they were harder to understand , she said .
" Accents might reduce the credibility of non-native job seekers , " the researchers conclude , so Igor probably should aspire to becoming something other than a television anchor since nobody can understand him .
But he will probably have problems on many fronts , and not just because of prejudice , which will also be there .
" As we showed , such insidious impact of accent is even apparent when the non-native speaker is merely a messenger .
Most likely , neither the native nor the non-native speakers are aware of this , making the difficulty of understanding accented speech an ever present reason for perceiving non-native speakers as less credible . "
Foreign Accents : Does One Mean
You 're a Liar ?
Incidentally , few of the participants in the two experiments could identify the country that the various accents came from , and that did n't surprise either of the researchers , both of whom are from Israel and have very mild accents .
" I know my accent is never correctly recognized , so I was n't surprised that people could n't recognize others , " Lev -Ari said .
And one last thing .
Can a giraffe go without water longer than a camel can ?
Yes .
Bet you did n't know that .
J.J. Abrams has revealed that he is pleased with the way his show Fringe has evolved .
In an interview with Sci Fi Now , Abrams explained that some of the storylines have changed since they were first discussed .
" There were certain stories , especially the Walter and Peter story , and things with Olivia , that were actually going to play out longer , but that we jumped to and did sooner , " he said .
" And there are other things that we 've talked about , like her stepfather , that we 're putting off . "
Abrams added that he is excited about the show 's future , saying : " There 's a lot of opportunity for where we 're going beyond this season , and I 'm going to be optimistic about that .
I feel like we have a long way to go still , but the evolution was key .
The show has found a rhythm that is nice to see , and I 'm really proud of everyone doing it . "
Abrams also revealed that he would like to direct an episode of the show in the future .
" I would love to , " he said .
" That was before [ my new show ]
Undercovers popped up , but that does n't diminish my desire to do it .
I never got a chance to work with Josh [ Jackson ] , Anna [ Torv ] and John [ Noble ] and get in there , so I would still love to do that .
It 's not something I 'm ruling out at all . "
Fringe will return for its third season on September 23 on Fox .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
this article was been updated since its original posting
Rakudo Star was supposed to be a useful and usable subset of Perl 6 .
It was promised as something " you can use right now " .
Years after its release , it still does not implement the complete Perl 6.0 specification .
It 's still by no means the final release .
It 's still buggy , memory hungry , and slow .
While its developers will tell you it 's improving , years of work still have n't brought it anywhere close to parity with Perl 5 , let alone the vision of what Perl 6 might eventually be .
At the original writing of this article , I believed that " subsequent releases will bring improvements on completeness , correctness , and competitiveness . "
While that 's technically true — it is more complete , more correct with regard to the changing specifications , and has slightly better performance — its progress has been disappointing .
I was wrong about its schedule .
This article remains online only for historical interest .
It 's out of date and misleading .
Rakudo's all - but - abandonment of the Parrot virtual machine ( and the subsequent diaspora of Parrot developers ) have made Parrot a poor choice for the long term plans of Rakudo .
( Someone inclined to conspiracies might suggest that this was a goal of the Rakudo developers . )
The current state of Rakudo and startup time and benchmarks must thus use the JVM backend , as no other implementation is sufficiently advanced to participate in this benchmark .
I have no connection with Perl 6 and no desire to produce this benchmark .
I suspect it would fare badly for Rakudo , but that is supposition not based on evidence .
In late 2010 , David Skoll posted a comparison of Rakudo Star to Perl 5 .
Rakudo 's perl6 binary for the Parrot backend is a couple of hundreds of lines of C code ( if that much ) linking to libparrot and mostly unoptimized Parrot bytecode .
By unoptimized , I mean " There is no optimization of Parrot bytecode in Rakudo Star . " — not constant folding , not size optimization , not inlining .
None .
The perl5 binary is of course all compiled C code generated ( hopefully ) by an optimized compiler .
Does that make for a valid comparison ?
I think not .
You cannot easily compare the feature set of the Perl 5 binary to that of Rakudo Star .
Perl 5 contains no advanced object system , no grammars , no continuations or coroutines , no junctions , and no interoperability with other languages .
It also lacks contain hyperoperators , function and method signatures , multidispatch , laziness , built - in language redefinition , strictness by default , autothreading , REPL , and automatic binding to shared libraries .
Somehow Perl 5 programmers manage , mostly by the CPAN :
It 's easier to add the loading of the appropriate CPAN modules to the Perl 5 process than to remove them from Rakudo Star , so for an accurate comparison , you must add :
Feature Module Virtual / Resident Memory in KB ( cumulative ) Startup Cost ( cumulative ) Parser manipulation Devel : : Declare ( obsoleted by recent Perl 5 releases ) 7356 / 2508 0.024s Advanced object system Moose and MooseX : : Declare 18184 / 13064 0.705s autoboxing autobox , autobox :: Core , and Moose : : Autobox 19884 / 14732 0.777s Coroutines Coro 20276 / 15020 0.783s
Parse tree manipulation B:: Generate 20328 / 15080 0.799s REPL
Devel :: REPL 21132 / 15860 0.827s Multidispatch MooseX:: MultiMethods 22076 / 16832 0.987s Function signatures signatures 22144 / 16920 0.992s
Shared library bindings FFI 22188 / 16976 0.995s Perl 5.12 features feature 22216 / 16976 0.997s Grammars Regexp :: Grammars 22780 / 17576 1.017s Parrot language interoperability Parrot : : Embed ( obsolete with the deprecation of Parot ) 40812 / 18476 1.020s
I ordered the list in terms of dependencies to show cumulative costs .
I also left out a few CPAN distributions you need to add to Perl 5 to add features enabled by default in Perl 6 : for example , I could n't get Data : : Alias to build .
My perl5 binary is Perl 5.12.1 , built fresh today as a 32 - bit binary without threading .
( A 64 - bit binary uses more memory and a binary with threading is some 10 - 15 % slower , reportedly . )
It 's 1,239,686 bytes in size .
My perl6 binary ( built from today 's checkout , not Rakudo Star ) is 14,280,276 bytes in size .
At the REPL , it uses 99,944 KB of virtual memory and 81,132 KB of resident memory .
To run the program -e 1 , it requires 1.035s .
By my calculations , Rakudo Star starts up 1.5 % more slowly than Perl 5 with all of the other modules loaded and uses 2.45 times as much virtual memory and 4.39 as much resident memory .
By way of comparison , Perl 5 running - Mperl5i : :2 -E 1 runs in 0.149s .
It requires 12,080 KB of virtual memory and 6,952 KB of resident memory .
Rakudo Star starts 6.72 times slower than Perl 5 with perl5i .
Rakudo Star uses 8.27 times more virtual memory and 11.67 times more resident memory .
Remember ; those were numbers in mid-2010 .
Compare Perl 5.18.2 ( which has had feature enhancements and optimizations ) to a recent Rakudo Star release on the JVM and you will see different numbers .
Of course , if you 're comparing the ability of either language to let you get things done ... well , Perl 5 still comes out ahead .
The web and its related disciplines have grown organically .
I think it ’s safe to say the web is not the domain of just the geeks anymore — we all live here .
And those of us who work here should have sophisticated , native tools to do our jobs .
A little over two years ago , I started reflecting on the web as a design medium .
Coming from a print design background , most of what I knew about design was still applicable ; but the things that were n’t made a huge difference .
What came of this was a presentation I gave at a few conferences ( the abbreviated 10 - minute version of which you can see on Vimeo ) .
The discussions that followed prompted me to look closely at how the creative process — and the tools we use — affect designing for the screen .
The framework for what a page is has changed considerably even in the past few years , though our applications for designing those frameworks are still stuck in the web of yore , and largely dictated by their use for print design .
This article focuses on some of the tools we currently have at our disposal , mostly either freely available or from Adobe .
What ’s this “ design ” you speak of ?
Design is a multifaceted problem .
How something behaves is interdependent on how it looks , sounds , reads , moves , and responds .
We ca n’t separate these from the end result , but we can divide and conquer them during the creative process .
Web design is not merely building .
It ’s not just designing .
It ’s not only the rest of the myriad disciplines and titles we all align ourselves with , but the culmination of all these things .
One process , or “ how I work ”
For over a decade , I ’ve been designing websites .
And I ’ve followed nearly the same process for every one of them : once it ’s time for visual design to happen , I typically start out in rough form ( sketches , grey boxes ) , then move on to higher fidelity comps in Photoshop .
I make these Photoshop comps look as real as possible , and continue to revise them for clients until they sign off on the designs .
I make exceptions as needed depending on the problem at hand , but I rarely allow much visual design and layout to happen during coding .
This includes painstakingly changing type styles and colors in Photoshop when revisions are needed .
I ’m experienced enough with making websites that I know what I can push off until coding happens , and how certain things will act when in use .
I like spending my time this way because it helps me focus on the story I ’m trying to tell with my design .
Our current toolbox
Every option out there has its tradeoffs .
These are not intended to be knocks against the goals of these applications ; they ’re all powerful in their own right .
The purpose of this brief audit is to highlight the gaps in the creative process .
Photoshop has high - fidelity design capabilities and image editing , but the type rendering is n’t true - to - browser and it ’s lacking in layout capabilities .
Each new release feels more bloated and directionless than the last .
Illustrator is great for drawing and working with vectors , but the type and image rendering are n’t true - to - browser and it ’s ill suited for anything but the simplest layouts .
InDesign is capable of high - fidelity layouts and has advanced type styling features with stylesheets , but it ’s primarily a print application and lacks the language and feel for screen - based designs .
Fireworks showed promise back in the hands of Macromedia , but it has taken a backseat under Adobe .
It ’s primarily a screen - based design app and is great for prototyping and image optimization , but it lacks true - to - browser type rendering , is flakey performance - wise , and feels neglected among the flagship Adobe products .
Dreamweaver is a hybrid WYSIWYG text editor with true - to - browser type and layout rendering , but it lacks flexible visual design capabilities , image editing , and typographic control .
Browsers are obviously the baseline for type and layout rendering as they are the platforms we ’re designing for ; but the design production is then transferred to hand coding in text editors .
Hand coding is n’t the problem here ; it ’s the prospect of laying out a page without design production tools that ’s difficult for many ( myself included ) .
In recent years , a few indie image editing apps have hit the scene , including Pixelmator and Acorn .
These apps , and others like them , are impressive achievements , and a good alternative for certain tasks like image editing .
Unfortunately , they are n’t sophisticated enough to compete with the applications above when it comes to web design and layout .
And that ’s OK — I do n’t believe they want to compete in this space ; I only mention them for the purpose of discussion .
A wishlist
So what does an app that ’s made for web design look like ?
What are the native and common attributes that keep popping up with every page we design ?
This is a start for the considerations I find myself making on nearly every design I work on .
Per document grids
Different designs require different grids .
Currently , in an app like Photoshop , you are only able to set global grid settings .
Meaning , if you want to use different grids for your documents , you need to change these settings each time .
Many people I know ( myself included ) get around this by just drawing out a grid on a separate layer and placing it above all the other layers .
The disadvantage of this is not being able to use any sort of snap - to - grid and alignment functions built into the program .
Everything either needs to be eyeballed or placed mathematically through a measurement palette .
Having this reside at the document level would allow a design ’s grid to travel with it and stay intact for repeat uses ( especially important when working as part of a team and sharing documents ) .
Page states
Webpages are living , dynamic spaces where the smallest interaction from a visitor can change the scope of an entire site .
Menus can emerge and recede , system messages display and require action , page elements move , and the contents shift , all without the need for a page refresh .
Because we ’re not dealing with a static medium , we need to be able to design for interactions and the shifting landscapes of a webpage .
This is probably heading into something akin to object - oriented design , but an application needs to see elements rather than blocks of color or text .
Photoshop , Illustrator , and Fireworks have some low - level functionality in this regard , but the need for more dynamic and non-destructive handling is clear .
The Character and Paragraph Style palettes from InDesign are able to globally control type similarly to how we use CSS .
CSS - esque type styling ( dynamic styles palette )
This one should come as no surprise .
CSS saves loads of time when it comes to global changes to typography .
Merely changing a link color or font styling for a headliness in a Photoshop file can be tedious because they are n’t centrally controlled .
InDesign offers Character and Paragraph styles , which work like a charm .
Something along those lines , but obviously geared a bit more towards CSS functionality , would be key .
Additionally , being able to relatively link type styles ( “ make h2s 200 % the base body text size ” ) would be very powerful .
Fonts
Fonts are exploding on the web in a big way .
The ability to design with external fonts , or be able to use WOFF fonts safely , would help depict our designs better , and allow for quicker changes .
Hell , being able to specify a font stack along with your styles — so you could quickly cycle through the visual changes that occur with fallback fonts — would be killer .
Page flow , text wrap , and fluidity
Every element on a webpage has the ability to affect the layout of other elements .
We should be able to specify what actions to take ( float , clear , wrap , etc. ) when that happens .
Additionally , a browser window is a fluid canvas ; desktop design apps only work with a fixed canvas size , making comping a fluid / flexible design little more than a guess .
Knowledge of current browser interfaces
Using any of the desktop design apps for web design means having a bit of knowledge for the parameters of a browser window and screen sizes .
Most of us probably work at what we consider a safe size ( right now , likely around a 960 px - wide viewing area ) .
An application that can be configured to preview for a given screen size or the sizes of the different browser chromes ( not unlike xScope ’s “ Screens ” feature ) could be really handy .
Especially if the different views of a browser also carry with them the rendering styles , defaults , fonts , and more for the platform and browser version .
Forms
Form elements are part of the basic language of the web .
I ’m tired of taking screenshots of forms in various states just to comp into a page .
These things are baked into the OS , and an app should be able to easily allow for their display , not as bitmaps , but as editable objects .
Mobile platforms
This is a big one , and an area I do n’t think I ’m as qualified to discuss .
Design for mobile devices is a difficult problem ; there are so many devices , most with unique software and hardware , and it ’s the field with the most amount of movement .
Perhaps these requirements would be clearer after some formulation of the above occurred .
Non-scientific chart :
The x -axis shows how true - to - browser rendering ranges from approximate to actual , while the y - axis depicts the scope of centralized control over layout and type from local to global .
The sweet spot lies somewhere at the intersection of browser - like behavior for — and widespread control over — type and layout elements , while providing a fertile environment for creative thinking .
Options for the future
Why not design in the browser ?
By now you must be saying , “ hey moron , just design in a browser ! ”
Well , I half - agree with you .
In my article from a few years back about Fireworks I made the case for a new desktop app that could handle some of these functions .
With how much things have changed in recent years , I ’m more inclined to suggest the way forward probably lies with the help of a browser .
But I do n’t think the browser is enough .
A web designer jumping into the browser before tackling the creative and messaging problems is akin to an architect hammering pieces of wood together and then measuring afterwards .
The imaginative process is cut short by the tools at hand ; and it ’s that imagination — or spark — at the beginning of a design that lays the path for everything that follows .
Without it , you ’re at best able to make a website that looks like a website — rather than a design that tells a story in the form of a website .
Can WebKit save us ?
I ’m asking for something that sits on the fence between all of this .
I do n’t think any of the current desktop apps or any given browser gets the job done .
They all do a pretty good job at a few things , but no single one does well enough to really make it a solid prospect .
So why not build a desktop app for web design around WebKit ?
I ’m not talking about an in - browser AJAX toolkit for dragging elements around and changing fonts , but an actual desktop application built with WebKit as the core to its display .
It could have accurate rendering and previews for the way page elements would look , but with some of the WYSIWYG tools desktop design apps have .
We would n’t just approximate pixels in a flat comp , our CSS would be baked in to the layouts we draw and create on the page .
And as Webkit grows , so too could this new app , always taking advantage of the latest and greatest functionality .
Just like a browser , it could pull assets from remote servers ; and just like a desktop app , it could make use of local processing power and OS - level functionality .
This would allow it to effectively combine some of the best of both worlds , with a foot firmly planted in the web .
The advantages would be monumental , allowing a strong creative and explorative process , while seeing how things could react on a live stage .
It would fulfill many of the items on my wishlist because these are already part of core browser functionality .
We would essentially be designing with live page elements ; not a picture of a text field — but a text field you could click into and start typing , and then drag to a different area of the page entirely .
I know I ’m generalizing ; I ’m a designer first and most certainly not a developer , but I ’ve been occupying this space and using these tools long enough to have a hunch for what works and what does n’t .
An application like this could change the process of web design considerably .
Most importantly , it would n’t be a proxy application that we use to simulate the way webpages look — it would already speak the language of the web .
It would truly be designing in the browser .
Special thanks to Mandy Brown and Liz Danzico for their always excellent editorial guidance .
Posted on NYC by nabewise | Comments Off on Family - Friendly South Slope Has A Small Town Feel
A South Slope local , Saredt tells about the cozy benefits of this nabe .
Can you describe this neighborhood for folks that have never been here before ?
From all the neighborhoods in Brooklyn , I would say it ’s the most family - oriented .
South Slope is sort of like Greenwood Heights , with there being …
Ready to fight back ?
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back !
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today .
Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
In April the student senate at the University of California , Berkeley , twice held all - night sessions to debate a proposal urging the school to divest from two US military companies " materially and militarily profiting " from the occupation of the Palestinian territories .
Hundreds of people packed the hall , and statements in support of the measure were read aloud from leaders , including Noam Chomsky , Archbishop Desmond Tutu , Naomi Klein and Alice Walker .
In the end the divestment measure failed ( the senate majority of 13 to 5 was not enough to overturn the student government president 's veto ) , but the outcome was surely less significant than the furor over the issue .
Following related battles last year at Hampshire College and the Toronto International Film Festival , the Berkeley measure was yet another signal that the divestment initiative , part of a broader movement popularly known as BDS , for Boycott , Divestment and Sanctions , has become a key battleground in the grassroots struggle over the future of Israel / Palestine .
Ad Policy
" We 're at a super - exciting moment , truly a turning point , " says Rebecca Vilkomerson of Jewish Voice for Peace , an activist organization that supports selective divestment from companies profiting from the occupation .
" For the first time we 're seeing a serious debate of divestment at a major public university . "
BDS supporters say the movement has the potential to transform international opinion in much the way that the divestment movement in the 1980s isolated the South African apartheid regime .
Or as Tutu wrote to the Berkeley students :
The same issue of equality is what motivates the divestment movement of today , which tries to end Israel 's 43 year long occupation and the unequal treatment of the Palestinian people by the Israeli government ruling over them .
The abuses they face are real , and no person should be offended by principled , morally consistent , nonviolent acts to oppose them .
It is no more wrong to call out Israel in particular for its abuses than it was to call out the Apartheid regime in particular for its abuses .
Opponents of BDS see just that threat — that Israel will be isolated .
They say that BDS unfairly singles out Israel for conduct that other states are also guilty of and that it seeks to delegitimize the Jewish state in the eyes of the world , thereby threatening Israel 's existence .
Some argue that grassroots actions put the emphasis on the wrong target .
As Rabbi Arthur Waskow of the Shalom Center said on Democracy Now ! in March , " It 's the United States government you 've got to look to , not private industry or private commerce .
So that 's one really big difference simply at strategic and tactical levels . "
When did the BDS movement begin , why is it growing and what does it want ?
The campaign traces its origins to a July 2004 advisory opinion by the International Court of Justice ( the World Court ) , which found Israel 's separation wall in the West Bank to be " contrary to international law . "
The ICJ also recommended that the parts of the wall built inside the occupied territories be dismantled and that Palestinians affected by the wall be compensated .
When a year passed with no sign that the opinion would be enforced , a wide - ranging coalition of more than 170 organizations representing Palestinian civil society issued a call for boycott , divestment and sanction of Israel " until it complies with international law and universal principles of human rights . "
Compliance meant three things : ending the occupation , recognizing equal rights for Palestinian citizens of Israel and respecting the right of Palestinian refugees to return to their homes and properties as stipulated in UN Resolution 194 of 1948 .
The " call " ( which can be found at bdsmovement . net ) was notable for unifying the Palestinian grassroots and for the simplicity and coherence of its platform .
BDS was seen as an " essential component " for shifting the playing field in the Palestinians ' favor after the slow death of the peace process , the Israeli settlement expansion and the inability of the international community to hold Israel accountable .
Boycotts are not a new tactic for Palestinians .
As far back as the 1936–39 revolt against the British Mandate , Palestinians incorporated general strikes and boycotts into their struggle .
During the first intifada in the late 1980s , they boycotted Israeli goods , and the West Bank town of Beit Sahour led efforts to refuse to pay Israeli taxes that helped finance the occupation .
And in 2001 an international boycott effort was launched after the World Conference Against Racism in Durban , South Africa .
It quickly met forceful pushback , notably in a 2002 charge by Harvard president Lawrence Summers that divestment was anti-Semitic " in effect , if not intent . "
Today the BDS movement is loosely coordinated by a body called the Boycott , Divestment & Sanctions Campaign National Committee ( BNC ) , which is made up of nongovernmental organizations representing Palestinian civil society .
The BNC is not affiliated with any political party ( though it has been endorsed by some ) and does not take positions on issues that fall outside the specific principles of the " call . "
Thus it does not endorse either a one - state or two - state solution to the conflict .
Israel 's 2008–09 attack on Gaza spurred the campaign in the United States and around the world .
" The most important thing for the Palestinian movement is the rise of the solidarity movement worldwide after the war crimes in Gaza , " Palestinian activist and former Palestinian Authority presidential candidate Mustafa Barghouthi said earlier this year at a demonstration in the West Bank .
" Boycott is the best way of changing the balance of forces .
Military force will not work , because of the imbalance of forces , but also because it is not right .
I do n't think Israel will change its policy unless it hurts , and BDS will hurt it . "
Most recently , Israel 's raid on the Free Gaza flotilla , which killed at least nine activists , has added fuel to the campaign .
The attack on a humanitarian ship seemed to reignite much of the international furor from the Gaza invasion of the year before , as it highlighted Israel 's inhumane policy of collective punishment in the besieged territory .
And with this latest outrage came even louder calls for accountability .
BDS represents three strategies : boycotts are commonly carried out by individuals , divestment by institutions and sanctions by governments .
For example , organizers have called on people to avoid buying products made in Israeli settlements ; on churches to sell stocks of companies such as Caterpillar , which makes the infamous D9 bulldozer used to demolish Palestinian homes and fields ; and on politicians to make conditional or end US aid to Israel .
BDS 's proponents argue that unless Israel experiences material , political and moral pressure , it will maintain the status quo .
Nobel laureates Shirin Ebadi , Mairead Maguire ( Corrigan ) , Rigoberta Menchu Tum and Jody Williams made this point in a letter supporting the Berkeley divestment bill :
We stand united in our belief that divesting from companies that provide significant support for the Israeli military provides moral and strategic stewardship of tuition and taxpayer - funded public education money .
We are all peace makers , and we believe that no amount of dialogue without economic pressure can motivate Israel to change its policy of using overwhelming force against Palestinian civilians .
The movement has won adherents by saying that it will accept any gesture of boycott or divestment that Westerners are willing to make .
" If you only want to boycott an egg , we want you to boycott an egg , " said Omar Barghouti , a founding member of the Palestinian Campaign for the Academic and Cultural Boycott of Israel ( PACBI ) , which is part of the BNC , during a tour of America last year to drum up support .
Even the Palestinian Authority — never celebrated for its connection to the grassroots — has made a nod toward the movement , with Prime Minister Salam Fayyad vowing to empty Palestinian homes of goods made in the settlements .
But BDS 's biggest victories have come in the West and have involved divestments from businesses profiting from investment in the West Bank , where 2.5 million Palestinians live under an occupation whose hundreds of armed checkpoints and separate roadways for Jewish colonists have led some South Africans to declare that the system is worse than apartheid .
French multinational Veolia Transport was targeted for its role in building a light - rail system that will connect West Jerusalem to settlements in the occupied territories .
Veolia dropped out of the project following an escalating international campaign against the firm , during which the Dutch ASN Bank severed ties to Veolia .
Israeli diamond merchant Lev Leviev was also targeted because of his funding of settlements .
Last year the US investment firm BlackRock divested itself of stock in Leviev 's Africa - Israel company , and Britain canceled plans to move its Tel Aviv embassy into a Leviev - owned building .
Similarly , the Frankfurt - based Deutsche Bank recently divested its shares in the Israeli military contractor Elbit Systems , which supplies components for the separation wall .
Wiltrud Rösch - Metzler , vice president of Pax Christi Germany , who helped lead the campaign , called it " a huge success … .
[ Deutsche Bank ] went out of their way to list numerous standards and international ethical commitments to which the bank is party , highlighting how Elbit investments would violate them all . "
The immediate aftermath of the flotilla attack saw a surge in BDS activity across Europe .
Most notably , Britain 's largest union , UNITE , passed a motion to " vigorously promote a policy of divestment from Israeli companies , " along with a boycott of Israeli goods and services .
At the same time , the Swedish Port Workers Union announced it would refuse to load or unload any ships coming to or from Israel for nine days , to protest the flotilla raid .
In the United States , BDS has been percolating among activist groups , churches and campuses for several years .
Since 2005 the Presbyterian Church ( USA ) has undertaken what it calls a " phased , selective divestment " process aimed at five companies benefiting from the occupation [ see Hasdai Westbrook , " The Israel Divestment Debate , " May 8 , 2006 ] .
Again , the West Bank is the focus .
Adalah - NY , a New York–based justice group , regularly leads pickets of Leviev 's Madison Avenue jewelry store and pressured UNICEF and the humanitarian organization Oxfam to distance themselves from Leviev .
The peace group Code Pink has led a campaign called " Stolen Beauty " that targets Ahava , a cosmetics company based in a West Bank settlement that uses ingredients from the Dead Sea .
" What we 've seen in the past two years is a rapidly growing , diverse movement dedicated to universal human rights and international law , " says David Hosey , a spokesman for the US Campaign to End the Israeli Occupation , a national coalition of grassroots organizations that supports BDS .
" On campuses and in communities across the United States , people are sending a clear message that if the US government wo n't hold Israel accountable for violations of Palestinian human rights , then civil society will step up and do the job . "
Two of the biggest divestment fights in the past year in some ways could not have been more different — Hampshire College in Massachusetts and the Toronto International Film Festival .
One year ago Hampshire students ignited a firestorm with a campus divestment campaign that drew national attention , including calls from Harvard law professor Alan Dershowitz to student organizers on their cellphones .
The Hampshire board of directors voted to divest from six military companies involved in the occupation and to adopt a " social responsibility " screen for Hampshire 's investments .
Though the administration denied that the divestiture was specifically aimed at the Israeli occupation , the headlines helped catalyze the national student BDS movement .
In November the college hosted a divestment organizing conference of student leaders from more than forty campuses , including Berkeley ; UC , San Diego ; the University of Arizona ; and Carleton University in Ottawa — whose campaigns all made news this past spring .
The movement won a notable victory in June when the student body of Evergreen College in Olympia , Washington — Rachel Corrie 's alma mater — voted to call on the college to divest from companies profiting from the occupation and to ban the use of Caterpillar equipment on campus .
The resolution passed with nearly 80 percent of the vote .
Evergreen junior Anna Simonton explained that the issue resonated across the student body because of the US role in the conflict .
" This issue is something we 're all complicit in , " she said .
" It 's our money and our taxes . "
At the Toronto International Film Festival last fall , movie premieres were overshadowed by the controversy over a " city to city " promotion by the festival that paired Toronto with Tel Aviv .
In a " Toronto Declaration , " critics said the showcase had been pushed by the Israeli consulate as part of its efforts to " rebrand " Israel after the horrific public relations fallout from the Gaza war months earlier [ see Horowitz and Weiss , " American Jews Rethink Israel , " November 2 , 2009 ] .
The response from Israel 's supporters was immediate and forceful .
Big - name stars , including Sacha Baron Cohen and Jerry Seinfeld , came out against the declaration , and so did filmmakers David Cronenberg and Ivan Reitman .
Dan Adler , a former executive at the Creative Artists Agency , worked with the Los Angeles Jewish Federation and United Jewish Appeal of Toronto to push the claim that the declaration was a boycott of the festival and a blacklist of Israeli artists .
The declaration was neither , but the response was a sign of where the battle was headed , with many Israel supporters describing BDS as a Trojan horse aimed at delegitimizing Israel as a Jewish state .
In January the Reut Institute , a Tel Aviv think tank , issued a report describing BDS as part of a campaign " to demonize Israel . "
The movement has had limited " practical success , " the Reut study said , but it has been " highly successful in generating publicity and in mobilizing anti-Israel activism , in effect uniting anti-Zionists with critics of specific Israeli policies . "
The risk , Reut went on , was to Israel 's image : " that such campaigns will create an equivalency between Israel and apartheid - era South Africa that penetrates the mainstream of public and political consciousness . "
This fear was echoed by Asher Fredman , a commentator on the website of the Israeli paper Yediot Ahronot , who described the BDS movement as a " soft war " against Israel .
" The point that must be internalized is that the soft war constitutes not simply a nuisance or even an economic threat , " Fredman warned .
" It is a process that could play a major role in shaping the future status quo between Israel and the Palestinians . "
Many American Jewish community groups have taken action against the movement on a similar basis .
The delegitimization worry has generated some surprising alliances between liberal Zionist groups and right - wing hawks .
BDS supporters counter that it is Israel 's actions , not the protest , that are delegitimizing Israel in the eyes of the public .
Ali Abunimah , author , activist and co-founder of the Electronic Intifada website , said at the Hampshire BDS conference , " Israel 's self - image as a liberal Jewish and democratic state is impossible to maintain against the reality of a militarized , ultranationalist , sectarian Jewish settler colony that has to carry out regular massacres of indigenous civilians in order to maintain its control .
Zionism simply cannot bomb , kidnap , assassinate , expel , demolish , settle and lie its way to legitimacy and acceptance . "
Some liberal Jewish organizations and individuals have adopted a now - is - not - the - time policy .
Naomi Paiss of the New Israel Fund says she respects colleagues who do not buy goods made in the territories , but she believes an " official " boycott of companies in the territories would be impossible to implement , given that major Israeli companies and the Israeli government itself are involved .
" We think it 's a delegitimizing tactic , inflammatory , wo n't end the occupation and is n't productive , " she e-mailed .
Cora Weiss , a longtime liberal leader who championed Hampshire 's South Africa divestment initiative in the 1970s , when she was on the board , says BDS is too broad - brush .
" César Chávez led a focused boycott — grapes — and for several years no one ate grapes , " she recalls .
" That had an impact . "
Americans for Peace Now has also criticized BDS as being counterproductive and even anti-Semitic .
The longtime peace group said in a recent statement that the campaign creates a " circle the wagons " reaction in the Jewish community :
Such a response is understandable , since much of the pressure for such campaigns comes from historically virulently anti-Israel sources that are often not interested in Israeli security concerns or Palestinian behavior .
This in turn creates very real and understandable worries about global anti-Semitism and the perception that the campaigns are not truly ( or only ) about Israeli policies but rather reflect a deep - seated hatred for and rejection of Israel .
Parts of this ad hoc coalition went into action during the Berkeley divestment debate .
J Street , the new alternative Israel lobby , joined forces with such right - wing groups as the Anti-Defamation League , the David Project and StandWithUsSF to decry the original Berkeley senate bill .
The issue is " complex , " the coalition warned , and that " complexity should be reflected in the dialogue on campus rather than singling out one side or another for condemnation and punishment . "
According to the Jewish Daily Forward , Berkeley Hillel , a Jewish campus organization , " coordinated a comprehensive national lobbying campaign consisting of a teach - in , face - to - face meetings with student senators and an intervention by a Nobel laureate [ Elie Wiesel ] , all aimed at robbing the divestment supporters of three senate votes . "
Adam Naftalin - Kelman , Berkeley Hillel 's newly installed executive director , said the strategy was devised at a roundtable convened by Hillel and attended by representatives of local branches of J Street , the Anti-Defamation League , the American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( AIPAC ) and the Jewish Community Relations Council , as well as local rabbis and Israel 's consul general in San Francisco .
This strategy included circulating antidivestment talking points that urged students to reframe the debate as an attack on the Jewish community and to avoid talking about the particulars of the Israel - Palestine conflict .
But Jewish organizations face insurgent generational forces over the issue .
Some students in J Street 's college organizations quietly support BDS as a nonviolent means of doing something to end the oppression of Palestinians .
This tension was even on display at J Street 's organizing conference in October .
During a student workshop called " Reckoning With the Radical Left on Campus : Alternatives to Boycotts and Divestments , " there was reportedly considerable interest in divestment campaigns targeting the occupation .
At the same time , " J Street U , " the student branch of J Street , is officially opposed to divestment and has begun an " Invest , Don't Divest " campaign , which encourages students to " Invest $ 2 for 2 States " as an alternative to BDS activities on campus .
By opposing direct action , the older generation is arguing that government must take the lead through a peace process that so far has resulted in little more than further Israeli colonization .
" I find boycotts kind of distasteful .
It 's a little bit like collective punishment , " says Ralph Seliger , long associated with Meretz USA , a left Zionist organization .
" That probably would n't be very emotionally satisfying to someone who was upset about the issue .
But I think it 's part of growing up to understand that the world is not here to give you emotional satisfaction , and in this issue there is both complexity and perplexity , and you need to learn as much as you can , and be receptive to all sides , and be discerning . "
Portions of the BDS call have been unsettling even to longtime advocates for Middle East peace .
Its support for the refugees ' right of return is a deal breaker for many liberal Zionists , who believe Israel needs to maintain a Jewish majority .
Other activists have said BDS should focus primarily on the US role in the conflict .
Israeli writer and activist Joseph Dana says that while the campaign has informed people around the world about the issue , almost all US military aid to Israel winds up in the United States with military manufacturers , so " it would be more productive for the BDS campaigns to focus on these companies , " especially if American citizens are doing the pressuring .
Perhaps the most controversial part of the BDS movement , even for some supporters , has been the call for a cultural and academic boycott .
Organizers of the boycott explain that it is directed at institutions , not individuals , meaning that people are encouraged to boycott academic conferences , events or products ( i.e. , films , talks or performances ) sponsored by the Israeli government or Israeli universities but not individual academics based on their politics .
MIT scientist Nancy Kanwisher recently circulated anonymous letters of support for an academic boycott from two colleagues .
One colleague said that while refusing to support Israeli academic research , " I will continue to collaborate with , and host , Israeli scientific colleagues on an individual basis . "
Alisa Solomon , a noted critic of Israel 's actions and editor , with Tony Kushner , of Wrestling With Zion : Progressive Jewish - American Responses to the Israeli - Palestinian Conflict , says she supports BDS but draws the line at academic boycott .
" I believe in and support a lot of [ the BDS movement ] ; I just see a lot of different strains and approaches and am enthusiastic about some ( economic boycotts against settlement products , companies participating in and profiting from occupation , plus think we should cut military aid , etc. ) , generally supportive of others ( " do n't play Sun City " efforts ) , and have qualms about academic / cultural in this direction both for the free expression reasons and because it requires declaring some people kosher and some not , " she wrote in an e-mail .
" I prefer direct to symbolic action , so taking money away from occupation seems to me a far better effort than denouncing , say , a choreographer . "
For their part , supporters of the academic boycott say that Israeli universities are implicated in the occupation because they are intimately connected with the Israeli government in ways that outstrip even American university contributions to the Vietnam War effort a generation ago .
The argument was lent support last year when Rivka Carmi , president of Ben-Gurion University , attacked faculty member ( and frequent Nation contributor ) Neve Gordon for advocating BDS in an op -ed in the Los Angeles Times .
Gordon had crossed " the boundaries of academic freedom , " Carmi said , and she questioned his ability to work at the school : " After his …extreme description of Israel as an ' apartheid ' state , how can he , in good faith , create the collaborative atmosphere necessary for true academic research and teaching ? "
The controversy came to Tel Aviv University this spring when novelists Margaret Atwood and Amitav Ghosh were named as recipients of a $ 1 million prize from the Dan David Foundation , which is headquartered at the university .
Boycott activists , including students from the besieged Gaza Strip , implored Atwood and Ghosh to refuse the award because of its relationship to the university .
In the end , the writers accepted the prize and criticized the activists in their joint acceptance speech : " the all - or - nothings want to bully us into being their wholly owned puppets . "
They also quoted Anthony Appiah , president of PEN American Center , who said , " We have to stand , as we have stood from the very beginning , against the very idea of a cultural boycott .
We have to continue to say : Only connect . "
After she got home , Atwood wrote a piece for Ha'aretz saying that Israel 's greatest threat was now internal : " The concept of Israel as a humane and democratic state is in serious trouble . "
Another prominent focus of the BDS campaign has been on musicians .
In recent months Leonard Cohen played Tel Aviv despite an appeal to him to cancel , while Gil Scott - Heron and Elvis Costello pulled out of their Israeli appearances .
Costello explained on his website that his decision was " a matter of instinct and conscience " and that " there are occasions when merely having your name added to a concert schedule may be interpreted as a political act that resonates more than anything that might be sung . "
The Forward recently quoted an anonymous music industry insider who said more than fifteen performers have recently refused to play in Israel , and in the week after the flotilla attack three more popular groups — the Klaxons , Gorillaz and the Pixies — canceled upcoming performances to protest the raid .
In the end many in Israel , and its supporters in the United States , return to the fear that BDS is advancing the likelihood of the dissolution of the Jewish state — the delegitimization issue .
" The BDS movement seems dominated by those whose endgame is one state , not two , " Meretz USA executive director Ron Skolnik wrote in Israel Horizons , a liberal Zionist publication .
The movement " apparently wishes to build on legitimate international opposition to the 1967 occupation in order to undermine Israel 's independent existence . "
Rebecca Vilkomerson says that is not the case .
Her group , Jewish Voice for Peace , does not take a position on the two - state versus one - state solution .
Many Jewish students who spoke out against the Berkeley measure , she said , objected in highly subjective terms , saying , " We feel marginalized , we feel scared , we feel intimidated , we feel alienated " by the legislation .
According to Vilkomerson , the best response to this came from Tom Pessah , an Israeli PhD student at Berkeley and co-author of the bill , who said that it was " OK " to have such feelings .
He says he also felt uncomfortable when he first learned how much of his freedom in Israel was based on Palestinian dispossession — and so he feared what justice would entail .
Such anxieties would seem to accompany any transformative social movement , and BDS supporters are beginning to acknowledge them .
Palestinian leader Mustafa Barghouthi addressed the issue in his appeal to the Berkeley students on grounds they might best understand .
He has lived his life under occupation , he wrote ; he and his community seek freedom : " Do not stand in the way like those angry Alabama students 50 years ago blocking integration .
You have , I trust , nothing in common with those students but misplaced fear . "
The Berkeley bill failed , but the all - night debates only seemed to give the movement confidence that the next vote will go differently .
We might not have to wait long to find out : six more American university student bodies are said to be taking up the call in the near future .
BOSTON --
The people that matter the most to Doc Rivers wanted him to keep coaching -- so he will .
The Boston Celtics ' coach will return for another season , staying with the team he led to the NBA Finals twice in three years for a run at another championship .
" A lot of soul - searching with the family , " said Rivers , who was in San Antonio on Wednesday to watch his son , Austin , play for the United States against Brazil in the final of the FIBA Americas Under - 18 Championship .
" Talking to my wife , she was really the one who said , ' You 've got to . '
I just think she wanted me out of the house more than anything .
" My kids all said , ' You 're a coach .
That 's what you are .
And you 're a parent , and we appreciate both . '
And so that made it easier . "
Celtics co-owner Steve Pagliuca called Rivers a " fantastic coach " and said he 's " thrilled " Rivers is coming back for another season .
" Doc is excited to come back and coach our team next year , " Celtics president of basketball operations Danny Ainge told ESPN.com .
" He feels rejuvenated about coaching this group next season . "
LORI CHEEK was walking through the meatpacking district of Manhattan when she spotted a handsome man sitting with friends amid the dinner crowd outside Pastis .
As she neared his table , she flashed a diminutive black card .
“ I nestled it in his French fries , ” she said , “ and kept going . ”
As Ms. Cheek , 37 , disappeared into the July night , the man plucked the card from his fries .
It read : “ Look up .
You might miss something . ”
Below , in smaller letters , were the words “ find me , ” a code and the address of a new Web site for singles .
Move over , Match.com .
This is the next generation of online dating .
Unlike traditional dating sites where members spend hours on computers writing autobiographies and scrutinizing photographs , a raft of newfangled dating tools are striving to better bridge the gap between online and real - world romance .
The article below is the Socialist Alliance ’s updated Climate Charter .
For more information , visit the Socialist Alliance website .
* * *
For years , climate scientists have warned us that we need to act on climate change .
Now , science is saying that climate change is taking place more rapidly than everyone previously thought .
The warning signs are obvious .
April and May were the world ’s hottest months since records began .
This year ’s Arctic ice sheet melt is taking place at a pace never seen before .
Scientists say carbon pollution has made the world ’s oceans more acidic than they have been for at least 20 million years .
There is already too much carbon in the atmosphere .
The warming already in the system risks the crossing of various natural “ tipping points ” that would raise temperatures further and faster .
If these points are crossed , it would bring average temperatures to levels that have not existed for millions of years , and to which today ’s nature is simply not adapted .
In a warmer world , most existing species would die out .
Large - scale agriculture would be difficult or impossible .
As we confront global warming , the existence of our civilisation , and perhaps of the human species itself , is at stake .
Bringing greenhouse gas emissions under control will require deep changes and immense effort at every level — international , national , local and personal .
Climate scientists say we have just 10 years to make the necessary cuts to our emissions .
Achieving the targets in time will be a huge challenge , but it must be done .
Labor promised to take action on climate change , but has backtracked on its promise in government .
By postponing its Carbon Pollution Reduction Scheme ( CPRS ) for years , Labor ca n’t even pretend it takes climate change seriously any longer .
But carbon trading was never a real solution .
These schemes are riddled with loopholes and are a dangerous distraction from genuine measures .
The CPRS was not designed to achieve the major cuts in greenhouse gases needed within 10 years .
Instead , the scheme would have given billions to polluters — money that could be spent on public investment in renewables .
However , real options do exist .
Australia has the economic power to change quickly : we could abandon fossil fuels .
We have enough sun and wind to provide all our energy .
We also have the wealth to develop a renewable energy manufacturing industry and other appropriate technology .
We can also export this technology to poor nations , from Bolivia to Papua New Guinea .
This is only fair : it is simply a repayment of Australia ’s climate debt .
Such a program would revitalise Australia ’s dying manufacturing industry .
It would provide quality , skilled jobs for tens of thousands .
It would also put Australia in a position to go from one of the worst climate offenders in the world to being an important part of the solution .
Business - as- usual , capitalist politics cannot solve this crisis .
We need to look at radical measures adequate to the challenge .
This charter outlines the climate change policies of Socialist Alliance , and the strategies needed to implement them .
An emergency plan
A series of massive projects are needed to tackle the problem sector by sector .
The technology for a zero-emissions economy already exists .
But the fundamental block to action is not the lack of technology .
The real problem is that government and industry are stopping serious climate action .
A serious response to the climate emergency would have to include these steps .
Phase out coal , build renewables now
Coal burning makes up about 36 % of Australia ’s greenhouse gas emissions .
Mining , handling and exporting coal adds even more .
A plan for phasing out coalmining and export must be developed , and this must involve creating new jobs for miners in sustainable industries .
No new coal mines or coal - fired power plants should be approved .
Australia could meet its basic energy needs from a combination of non-fossil fuel sources , especially solar thermal with storage and wind power .
Biomass from agricultural wastes , tidal power and geothermal power ( hot rocks beneath the Earth ’s surface ) could also be used .
Australia should set a target to source all its energy from renewables by 2020 .
Beyond Zero Emissions has produced a detailed plan for this transition .
It shows Australia can move quickly to zero - carbon energy in a decade .
The $ 370 billion cost is less than 4 % of annual GDP — by 2040 , the investment in renewables would save the economy $ 1.6 trillion in energy costs .
Set strong targets to cut emissions fast
Socialist Alliance supports a safe climate target of 300- 325 parts per million of atmospheric carbon dioxide — down from 390 ppm , and rising , today .
This can be achieved by moving to zero carbon emissions throughout the economy and then reducing carbon already in the atmosphere .
Immediate economy - wide and sector - by - sector planning is required to move as rapidly as possible to eliminate all greenhouse pollution .
Australia 's yearly emission reduction targets must be at least 5 % and may need to be much higher .
Beyond Zero Emissions is developing a plan to fully decarbonise the Australian economy by 2020 .
Businesses , local councils and government departments should all be required to commit to reducing their emissions to zero as soon as possible as part of a national plan .
Rich countries must take the load
Australia produces only 1.5 % of global emissions , but our coal - powered economy has the highest emission rate per person in the industrialised world : about five times the global average .
Australia has a moral obligation to take the lead on actions to combat climate change as it has the financial and natural resources that poor , underdeveloped countries do not have .
The rich countries have created the problem , so we must contribute the most to fixing it .
Australia should support demands by island states and poor nations to limit warming to no more than 1 °C - 1.5°C .
A new international treaty should aim for 90 % emissions cuts ( from 1990 levels ) by 2030 .
Rich nations like Australia must help poor nations develop without high - pollution industries and introduce renewable energy .
Australia must also accept a fair share of the environmental refugees displaced by climate change .
This assistance is just part of repaying our ecological debt for our historical high emissions .
Increase energy efficiency — aim for zero waste
One of the easiest ways to reduce emissions is to increase efficiency and reduce waste .
More efficient appliances , insulating homes , better recycling , improved and more efficient public transport , locally - produced goods — these are some of the simple but effective changes we can make right now .
To begin the transition to sustainability , we must set energy efficiency as a national goal , and then develop ambitious targets , standards , regulations and national and local campaigns to achieve it .
The Australian government should design sustainable energy household conversion plans , with annual targets for solar power and heating installation made compulsory for energy companies .
Industry and business must undergo systematic energy audits and achieve compliance deadlines .
Firms that do n’t upgrade to low - emissions technology and processes would have to close or be taken over .
The plan must include the phasing out of the $ 9 billion in government subsidies to energy - hungry industries like aluminium refining .
The ultimate aim should be a zero - waste economy , whereby products are designed so that they can be repaired , re-used and disassembled for recycling .
Boost organic farming and reforestation
Agriculture accounts for 16 % of Australia ’s greenhouse gas emissions .
Our current agricultural practices — based on growing and harvesting of single crops and the use of artificial fertilisers — consume huge quantities of fossil fuels .
Livestock farming is extremely energy intensive and water intensive .
Australia needs to reduce its flocks of sheep and cattle drastically , as part of a comprehensive reduction in methane emissions that will aid in rapidly cooling the Earth .
We must start a transition to carbon - neutral and organic farming .
The use of naturally arid areas to grow water - intensive crops , such as rice and cotton , must end .
Existing farming communities should be encouraged with financial support , resources and training to make the transition to organic agriculture .
Land management and agriculture should aim to lock carbon into the soil and into the ecosystem , in what could be called “ carbon farming ” .
Land clearing and outdated forestry practices such as old - growth logging , which account for 6 % of national emissions , must end now .
Native forests that have not been logged store up to three times more carbon than forests that have been logged .
To increase this “ carbon sink ” capacity , extensive programs of native forest planting must be initiated .
Food production should be decentralised and localised to reduce the energy needed to transport and refrigerate foods .
Government - subsidised urban agriculture should be developed in our cities .
Organic waste , including green waste and sewage , should be composted and the methane gas by - product harnessed for energy .
This avoids methane gas escaping into the atmosphere from landfills , as currently occurs .
Agricultural methods such as mulching , organic compost use , and no-tillage or low - tillage farming , should be rolled out on a large scale through development grants and incentives to farmers .
All these methods help the soil to hold carbon , and are often very productive farming methods in their own right .
Make public transport free , frequent and accessible
Transport is responsible for 14 % of Australia ’s greenhouse gas emissions .
Road transport makes up about 90 % of that share .
To reverse this , we have to put public transport at the centre of our urban development plans .
Trains are about 40 times more energy efficient than cars .
We need a huge investment in public and rail freight transport to make it a real option for commuters and industry .
A successful public transport system will have reliable , free and frequent services available to everyone within five minutes walk of a service , especially in outer metropolitan regions .
It will have to be a publicly owned , integrated system of heavy rail , light rail , ferry and bus services .
For every 10 % switch from car and truck and into public transport , the costs of air pollution , greenhouse gas emission , car accidents , traffic congestion , motor vehicle waste disposal , noise pollution and road maintenance would drop by at least $ 1.4 billion .
Free and frequent public transport , combined with policies that stimulate cycling and walking , is necessary to curb greenhouse gas emissions in the transport sector .
Public ownership and democratic control
The “ polluter pays ” principle means the polluting companies should have to clean up the mess they have made .
Industries that will not stop polluting should be placed under public ownership and scrutiny .
In this way , those operations that are essential can be identified and cleaned up , while non-essential aspects can be scaled back or shut down .
Public ownership and control over energy generation and distribution is essential to bring this industry under an overall plan for greenhouse gas reduction and environmental sustainability .
Guarantee green jobs and a just transition
To be successful , a climate emergency plan must protect the welfare of workers and affected communities .
Workers are critical to identifying and eliminating waste and pollution in the workplace , closing down old industries and opening new ones .
Socialist Alliance proposes a massive program of converting energy infrastructure that will create thousands of green jobs .
We will also need an expansion of free public education to provide sufficient numbers of skilled professionals to achieve the transition .
Change the system , not the climate
A safe climate is not possible unless an informed and mobilised community fights for it .
Australia ’s greenhouse mafia wo n’t accept these measures .
For years , they funded the climate deniers .
The Howard government tried to undermine the Kyoto Protocol and , despite all of the evidence , refused to take any action that would reduce the profits of the big polluters .
Under Tony Abbott , the Coalition has effectively embraced climate denial once again .
The big polluters also influence the Gillard government , which is fixated on “ clean coal ” and plans to expand Australia ’s coal and uranium exports .
Both major parties cynically claim to be protecting jobs , but propose nothing to encourage a fast transition to green jobs .
They offer little support for sustainable industries .
But the planet and the welfare of future generations must come before corporate profits .
The greedy corporations that have resisted change have no right to take away our future .
To take on the vested interests , we need to strengthen a climate action movement that is independent of the big parties and that wo n’t compromise on the steps needed to avert runaway warming .
The movement to avert climate catastrophe must mean more than just voting for change .
The campaign must also happen in the streets , workplaces , schools and universities to win wide public support and become an unstoppable force for sustainable change .
Making those changes also means challenging the capitalist market , which has failed to protect future generations and cannot be allowed to stop us from averting climate disaster .
The Socialist Alliance 10 - point Climate Action Plan
1 . Set immediate emission cut targets to reduce net emissions to zero as soon as possible , including a target to achieve 100 % renewable energy by 2020 .
Introduce emissions reduction targets of at least 5 % a year .
2. Begin new international treaty negotiations aimed to get all countries to agree on a global target of at least 90 % emissions cuts on 1990 levels by 2030 .
Make cutting rich industrial nations ’ emissions a priority , and increase aid to poorer countries to help them to use clean energy for their development .
3 . Start the transition to a zero - waste economy .
Legislate to end industrial energy waste .
Improve or ban wasteful consumer products , such as those with built - in obsolescence .
Engage with workers and unions to redesign their products and jobs sustainably .
4. Require advanced energy efficiency measures be fitted to existing houses and subsidise owner - occupiers for the costs .
Allow renters to use the same system .
Install photovoltaic solar panels and solar hot water heaters on home roofs , subsidised or owned by the electricity authority .
Give all commercial buildings a deadline to meet six - star energy standards within two years , and 10 - star standards within 10 years .
Improve mandatory energy efficiency standards for all new buildings .
5 . Bring power industries under public ownership and democratic control .
Begin phasing out coalmining and coal - fired power immediately .
Provide guaranteed jobs and retraining on full pay for affected communities .
New sustainable industries should be built in these areas , with voluntary paid redundancies and free retraining offered to all workers .
Run the maximum possible base - load power from existing natural gas and / or hydro power stations instead of coal until renewable energy is available .
6 . Bring the car industry under public control .
Re-tool this industry to manufacture wind turbines , public transport vehicles and infrastructure , solar hot water and solar photovoltaic cells .
Subsidise the conversion of private cars to electric power .
7. Build solar thermal with storage plants and wind farms in suitable areas now .
Boost research into all renewable energy sources .
Create localised power grids and upgrade the national grid to make it compatible with 100 % renewable energy .
8 . Ban the logging of old - growth forests and begin an urgent program of reforestation , carbon farming and biodiversity protection .
9 . Phase out industrial farming based on fertilisers , pesticides and fuel sourced from petroleum .
Restrict farming areas to ensure that threatened ecosystems return to healthy states .
Encourage new farming practices including organic and urban farming .
This process must allow for security of food supplies , and guarantee full employment and retraining for rural communities .
10 .
Make all public transport free and upgrade services to enable all urban residents to use it for regular commuting .
Nationalise and upgrade interstate train and ferry services .
Rail freight must be prioritised .
All rail , light rail and interstate freight to be electrified or to run on biofuels from waste .
Encourage bicycle use through more cycleways and better facilities for cyclists .
Implement free or low - cost bicycle rental networks .
The World Cup 2010 website is a significant step change in the way that content is published .
From first using the site , the most striking changes are the horizontal navigation and the larger , format high - quality video .
As you navigate through the site it becomes apparent that this is a far deeper and richer use of content than can be achieved through traditional CMS - driven publishing solutions .
The site features 700 - plus team , group and player pages , which are powered by a high - performance dynamic semantic publishing framework .
This framework facilitates the publication of automated metadata - driven web pages that are light - touch , requiring minimal journalistic management , as they automatically aggregate and render links to relevant stories .
Dynamic aggregation examples include :
The underlying publishing framework does not author content directly ; rather it publishes data about the content - metadata .
The published metadata describes the world cup content at a fairly low - level of granularity , providing rich content relationships and semantic navigation .
By querying this published metadata we are able to create dynamic page aggregations for teams , groups and players .
The foundation of these dynamic aggregations is a rich ontological domain model .
The ontology describes entity existence , groups and relationships between the things / concepts that describe the World Cup .
For example , " Frank Lampard " is part of the " England Squad " and the " England Squad " competes in " Group C " of the " FIFA World Cup 2010 " .
The ontology also describes journalist - authored assets ( stories , blogs , profiles , images , video and statistics ) and enables them to be associated to concepts within the domain model .
Thus a story with an " England Squad " concept relationship provides the basis for a dynamic query aggregation for the England Squad page " All stories tagged with England Squad " .
This diagram gives a high - level overview of the main architectural components of this domain - driven , dynamic rendering framework .
The journalists use a web tool , called ' Graffiti ' , for the selective association - or tagging - of concepts to content .
For example , a journalist may associate the concept " Frank Lampard " with the story " Goal re-ignites technology row " .
In addition to the manual selective tagging process , journalist - authored content is automatically analysed against the World Cup ontology .
A natural language and ontological determiner process automatically extracts World Cup concepts embedded within a textual representation of a story .
The concepts are moderated and , again , selectively applied before publication .
Moderated , automated concept analysis improves the depth , breadth and quality of metadata publishing .
Journalist - published metadata is captured and made persistent for querying using the resource description framework ( RDF ) metadata representation and triple store technology .
A RDF triplestore and SPARQL approach was chosen over and above traditional relational database technologies due to the requirements for interpretation of metadata with respect to an ontological domain model .
The high level goal is that the domain ontology allows for intelligent mapping of journalist assets to concepts and queries .
The chosen triplestore provides reasoning following the forward - chaining model and thus implied inferred statements are automatically derived from the explicitly applied journalist metadata concepts .
For example , if a journalist selects and applies the single concept " Frank Lampard " , then the framework infers and applies concepts such as " England Squad " , " Group C " and " FIFA World Cup 2010 " ( as generated triples within the triple store ) .
This inference capability makes both the journalist tagging and the triple store powered SPARQL queries simpler and indeed quicker than a traditional SQL approach .
Dynamic aggregations based on inferred statements increase the quality and breadth of content across the site .
The RDF triple approach also facilitates agile modeling , whereas traditional relational schema modeling is less flexible and also increases query complexity .
Our triple store is deployed multi-data center in a resilient , clustered , performant and horizontally scalable fashion , allowing future expansion for additional ontologies and indeed linked open data ( LOD ) sets .
The triple store is abstracted via a JAVA / Spring / CXF JSR 311 compliant REST service .
The REST API is accessible via HTTPs with an appropriate certificate .
The API is designed as a generic façade onto the triplestore allowing RDF data to be re-purposed and re-used pan BBC .
This service orchestrates SPARQL queries and ensures that results are dynamically cached with a low ' time - to - live ' ( TTL ) ( 1 minute ) expiry cross data center using memcached .
All RDF metadata transactions sent to the API for CRUD operations are validated against associated ontologies before any persistence operations are invoked .
This validation process ensures that RDF conforms to underlying ontologies and ensures data consistency .
The validation libraries used include Jena Eyeball .
The API also performs content transformations between the various flavors of RDF such as N3 or XML RDF .
Example RDF views on the data include :
Automated XML sports stats feeds from various sources are delivered and processed by the BBC .
These feeds are now also transformed into an RDF representation .
The transformation process maps feed supplier ids onto corresponding ontology concepts and thus aligns external provider data with the RDF ontology representation with the triple store .
Sports stats for matches , teams and players are aggregated inline and served dynamically from the persistent triple store .
The following " Frank Lampard " player page includes dynamic sports stats data served via SPARQL queries from the persistent triple store :
The dynamic aggregation and publishing page - rendering layer is built using a Zend PHP and memcached stack .
The PHP layer requests an RDF representation of a particular concept or concepts from the REST service layer based on the audience 's URL request .
If an " England Squad " page request is received by the PHP code several RDF queries will be invoked over HTTPs to the REST service layer below .
The render layer will then dynamically aggregate several asset types ( stories , blogs , feeds , images , profiles and statistics ) for a particular concept such as " England Squad " .
The resultant view and RDF is cached with a low TTL ( 1 minute ) at the render layer for subsequent requests from the audience .
The PHP layer dynamically renders views based on HTTP headers providing content negotiated HTML and / or RDF for each and every page .
To make use of the significant number of existing static news kit and architecture ( apache servers , HTTP load balancers and gateway architecture ) all HTTP responses are annotated with appropriate low ( 1 minute ) cache expires headers .
This HTTP caching increases the scalability of the platform and also allows content delivery network caching ( CDN ) if demand requires .
This dynamic semantic publishing architecture has been serving millions of page requests a day throughout the World Cup with continually changing OWL reasoned semantic RDF data .
The platform currently serves an average of a million SPARQL queries a day with a peak RDF transaction rate of 100s of player statistics per minute .
Cache expiry at all layers within the framework is 1 minute proving a dynamic , rapidly changing domain and statistic - driven user experience .
The development of this new high - performance dynamic semantic publishing stack is a great innovation for the BBC as we are the first to use this technology on such a high - profile site .
It also puts us at the cutting edge of development for the next phase of the Internet , Web 3.0 .
So what 's next for the platform after the World Cup ?
There are many engaging expansion possibilities : such as extending the World Cup approach throughout the sport site ; making BBC assets geographically ' aware ' is another possibility ; as is aligning news stories to BBC programs .
This is all still to be decided , but one thing we are certain of is that this technological approach will play a key role in the creation , navigation and management of over 12,000 athletes and index pages for the London 2012 Olympics .
Jem Rayfield is Senior Technical Architect , BBC News and Knowledge .
Read the previous post on the Internet blog that covers the BBC World Cup website , The World Cup and a call to action around Linked Data .
Metadata is data about data - it describes other data .
In this instance , it provides information about the content of a digital asset .
For example , a World Cup story may include metadata that describes which football players are mentioned within the text of a story .
The metadata may also describe the associated team , group or organization associated to the story .
IBM LanguageWare Language and ontological linguistic platform .
RDF is based upon the idea of making statements about concepts / resources in the form of subject - predicate - object expressions .
These expressions are known as triples in RDF terminology .
The subject denotes the resource ; and the predicate denotes traits or aspects of the resource and expresses a relationship between the subject and the object .
For example , to represent the notion " Frank Lampard plays for England " in RDF is as a triple , the subject is " Frank Lampard " ; the predicate is " plays for " and the object is " England Squad " .
SPARQL ( pronounced " sparkle " ) is an RDF query language its name is a recursive acronym ( i.e. an acronym that refers to itself ) that stands for SPARQL Protocol and RDF Query Language .
BigOWLIM
A high performance , scalable , resilient triplestore with robust OWL reasoning support
LOD
The term Linked Open Data is used to describe a method of exposing , sharing , and connecting data via dereferenceable URIs on the Web .
JAVA Object - orientated programming language developed by Sun Microsystems .
Spring Rich JAVA framework for managing POJOs providing facilities such as inversion of control ( ioc ) and aspect orientated programming
Apache CXF JAVA
Web services framework for JAX - WS and JAR-RS
JSR 311 Java standard specification API for RESTful web services .
Memcached Distributed memory caching system ( deployed multi datacenter )
Jena Eyeball JAVA RDF validation library for checking ontological issues with RDF
N3 Shorthand textual representation of RDF designed with human readability in mind .
XML RDF XML representation of an RDF graph .
XML ( Extensible Markup Language ) is a set of rules for encoding documents and data in machine - readable form
Zend Open source scripting virtual machine for PHP , facilitating common programming patterns such as model view controller .
PHP Hypertext Preprocessor general - purpose dynamic web scripting language , use to create dynamic web pages .
CDN A content delivery network or content distribution network ( CDN ) is a collection of computers usually hosted within Internet Service Provider hosting facilities .
The CDN servers cache local copies of content to maximize bandwidth and reduce requests to origin servers .
OWL Web Ontology Language ( OWL ) is a family of knowledge representation languages for authoring ontologies .
Tariq
Ali speaking at the protest rally in London , May 31 , 2010 .
Two US lawmakers — a Republican and a Democrat — proposed a bill this week demanding the withdrawal of all US troops in Pakistan , where they are conducting covert operations against militants .
“ We have known that US forces have been operating in secret inside the territories of Pakistan without congressional approval , ” Democratic Representative Dennis Kucinich said Friday , pointing to reports the United States was stepping up its presence there .
ADVERTISEMENT
He said the House of Representatives was expected to take up the resolution next week .
The measure was introduced late Thursday .
Kucinich said the covert operations were a “ violation of the 1973 War Powers Resolution introduced after the Vietnam War that only allows the president to send US armed forces into military operations abroad if Congress approves the decision or if the United States is under a serious threat or attack . ”
“ It is our constitutional responsibility as members of Congress to act , ” Kucinich added .
Washington is working to deepen engagement with the nuclear power across the border from war - wracked Afghanistan and overcome rife anti-Americanism after years of perceived neglect of bilateral relations .
Joining Kucinich on the bill was Ron Paul , a Texas Republican who espoused libertarian views during his failed 2008 bid for the presidency .
ADVERTISEMENT
Paul said the US military has “ significantly increased ” its operations in Pakistan , without providing figures .
He also noted the increased use of unmanned drone attacks in Pakistan since President Barack Obama came to office a year and a half ago .
“ This increasing US military activity in Pakistan has little to do with protecting the United States and in fact is creating more enemies than it is defeating , ” Paul said .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The administration , like its predecessor , is misusing language in the original post - 9/11 resolution to prosecute a wider regional war and Congress is sitting quietly on the sidelines .
This must stop . ”
The Pentagon says only a small number of US soldiers operate in Pakistan , mostly Special Forces tasked with training Pakistani troops along the Afghan border .
Those US forces are not officially engaged in combat operations .
ADVERTISEMENT
Kucinich previously tabled a resolution demanding that all US troops withdraw from Afghanistan , but it was rejected in March .
Washington has branded the rugged tribal area along the Pakistan - Afghanistan border a global headquarters for Al - Qaeda and other militants , who use it as a base to launch attacks on US - led forces in Afghanistan .
But the presence of US troops is a sensitive issue in Pakistan due to prevailing anti-American sentiment in the country , as well as conspiracy theories about US military operations and a perception that they threaten Pakistani sovereignty .
Poynt ’s mobile search app for movies , restaurants , gas stations , person , and business is now on Android .
It joins BlackBerry and iPhone apps , and includes some of the same features , like perpetual location awareness , weather updates , and integration with native maps , address books , and phone .
Each of the search options include a lot of tailored functions ; for example , after searching for a restaurant , you can book a reservation through the app .
Movie searches let you launch into trailers , or buy tickets .
The Android version includes voice - activated search , and there ’s a home screen widget for favourite movies , but I ’m not sure if it includes the same augmented reality and accelerometer - based phone calling as the iPhone app .
Poynt remains one of my favourite apps these days – the killer feature on BlackBerry is reverse phone lookup right from the call log .
They have n’t released any new search channels in awhile , but I would be hard - pressed to think of what else they could include .
Hotels , complete with in - app booking , maybe ?
Check - in support for Foursquare and Gowalla would be cool , and maybe some review information pulled from Yelp , or sharing search results through Twitter and Facebook …
There are still lots of options .
Download links for all three versions of Poynt are below .
Download Poynt for Android ( Free ) [ Market Link ]
– Download Poynt for iPhone ( Free ) [ iTunes Link ]
– Download Poynt for BlackBerry ( Free ) [ App World Link ]
At 4 a.m. on Thursday , at the end of an all - night session , Iceland ’s Parliament , the Althing , voted unanimously in favor of a package of legislation aimed at making the country a haven for freedom of expression by offering legal protection to whistle - blower Web sites like WikiLeaks , which helped to craft the proposal .
As the Web site Ice News reports , “ One of the inspirations for the proposal was the dramatic August 2009 gagging of of Iceland ’s national broadcaster , RUV by Iceland ’s then largest bank , Kaupthing . ”
One of the sponsors of the proposal in the Althing , Birgitta Jonsdottir , told my colleague Noam Cohen in February that Iceland hoped to become “ the inverse of a tax haven , ” by offering journalists and publishers some of the most aggressive protections for free speech and investigative journalism in the world .
“ They are trying to make everything opaque , ” she said .
“ We are trying to make it transparent . ”
As Mr. Cohen explained in an article on the package of laws that passed on Thursday :
The proposal , the Icelandic Modern Media Initiative , combines in a single piece of legislation provisions from around the world : whistle - blower laws and rules about Internet providers from the United States ; source protection laws from Belgium ; freedom of information laws from Estonia and Scotland , among others ; and New York State ’s law to counteract “ libel tourism , ” the practice of suing in courts , like Britain ’s , where journalists have the hardest time prevailing . [… ]
The plan to make Iceland a world leader in journalism protection took shape in December with the assistance of two leaders of the whistle - blower Web site WikiLeaks.org , Julian Assange and Daniel Schmitt , whose publish - nearly - anything ideology has given them personal experience with news media laws around the globe .
On Tuesday , Philip Shenon of The Daily Beast reported that Mr. Assange had told supporters that the site would soon release another video of an American military strike that killed civilians :
After several days underground , the founder of the secretive Web site WikiLeaks has gone public to disclose that he is preparing to release a classified Pentagon video of a U.S. airstrike in Afghanistan last year that left as many as 140 civilians dead , most of them children and teenagers .
In an e-mail message obtained by The Daily Beast that was sent to WikiLeaks supporters in the United States Tuesday , Julian Assange , the Web site ’s Australian - born founder , also defends a 22 - year - old Army intelligence specialist who is now under arrest in Kuwait on charges that he leaked classified Pentagon combat videos , as well as 260,000 State Department cables , to WikiLeaks .
It is not yet clear how much help the new legislation will provide to foreign journalists trying to shield themselves behind Icelandic law .
As the Nieman Journalism Lab notes :
In his analysis of the proposal — “ Fortress Iceland ?
Probably Not. ” — Arthur Bright of the Citizen Media Law Project has noted that in one major test case of cross - border online libel law , “ publication ” was deemed to occur at the point of download — meaning that serving a controversial page from Iceland wo n’t keep you from getting sued in other countries .
But if nothing else , it would probably prevent your servers from being forcibly shut down .
Monroe Price , who runs a program in comparative media law at the University of Oxford , told The Independent in London , “ As an exercise in aspirations , it ’s a bold and important endeavor . ”
But , he added , “ if it ’s a significant issue like a national security question , then the charging jurisdiction will figure out ways of asserting its power . ”
NEW DELHI  Protests against a recent increase in fuel prices shut down markets , schools , airports and businesses across India on Monday , and thousands of people were arrested as violence flared in some cities .
The effect of the demonstrations  led by political parties that oppose the governing coalition led by the Indian National Congress  far exceeded expectations , although no official estimates of crowds were available .
Some people affected by the one - day strike said the sizable opposition would force the government to address protesters ’ concerns .
Image Indian police in Mumbai detained party activists at a protest during a nationwide strike against the hike in fuel prices on Monday .
Credit ... Rafiq Maqbool / Associated Press
“ This will create some sense of fear in the government , ” said Vikas Sharma , 35 , the owner of a cloth shop in Old Delhi , who was sitting idly outside his store .
COLORADO SPRINGS |
The new commander of the U.S. military ’s homeland security forces is stepping up cooperation with Mexico in an effort to stem drug trafficking and related violence .
Navy Adm. James A. Winnefeld Jr. , in his first newspaper interview since taking over in May as commander of U.S. Northern Command , said he is worried about the potentially devastating effects of a cyber - attack and that he remains concerned about the growing terrorist threat of what he termed “ shot - on - goal ” attacks , like the recent attempted car bombing in New York ’s Times Square .
On Mexican drug violence , Adm .
Winnefeld said he has increased the priority for dealing with drug cartels , which continue to operate in the United States .
“ I ’m ramping up the priority on our very close partnership with Mexico , a very interesting nation with some very courageous political leadership right now , ” he said .
Adm .
Winnefeld said the “ struggle ” over Mexican drug trafficking and violence is taking place in several different areas , or “ theaters , ” including inside the United States , in Mexico , along the U.S. border with Mexico and near Mexico ’s southern borders , as well as in the seas near the U.S. and Mexican coasts .
“ So as you examine those theaters , where are the decisive theaters ?
The two real decisive theaters are the U.S. and Mexico , ” he said .
“ Inside the U.S. , [ it ’s ] reducing demand for drugs , for example , with reducing the movement of weapons and cash to the south into Mexico , and also going after the tentacles of the cartel ’s networks that have found their way into the U.S. , to include gangs and the like . ”
The U.S. military is working with Mexico ’s military and police forces to provide training and equipment , and to help set up an intelligence center , he said .
Adm. Winnefeld said the U.S. , rather than simply providing training , is working toward “ shared experience , because we really are co-equal partners in this thing . ”
“ Our relationship is on a very good trajectory , military to military , ” he said , noting meetings last month in Mexico with senior military and defense leaders .
In particular , the Mexicans have asked for Northcom ’s help in setting up a joint intelligence center , like those formed by the U.S. military in Europe and Asia .
“ They ’d like to know how we put together fusion cells like we have done overseas that are able to bring all forms of intelligence together and connect it with operations so that they can be much more effective and efficient in the way they take on the cartels , ” Adm .
Winnefeld said .
Adm .
Winnefeld made his comments as President Obama plans to reform U.S. immigration policies , a politically charged issue .
Arizona ’s government recently enacted a state law that allows police to check immigration status with probable cause , after stopping someone on other grounds .
In May , Mr. Obama ordered 1,200 National Guard troops to the U.S. - Mexico border to increase security , and the administration is seeking $ 500 million to improve border protection and law enforcement efforts .
On the terrorism threat , Adm .
Winnefeld said the danger that terrorists will obtain and use weapons of mass destruction continues to be a paramount worry .
“ I would say that the thing that we all worry about most is a weapon of mass destruction in the hands of a terrorist , ” he said .
“ If they had it , they ’d use it if they could .
And so we try to do everything we can , in conjunction with our partners , to prevent that from happening .
And we also have a very important role at this command in mitigating the effects , if it does happen . ”
Terrorists also are stepping up use of a tactic that he termed the “ shot - on - goal ” approach .
“ We have to be perfect 100 percent of the time — the old cliche .
They only have to get it right once , ” Adm .
Winnefeld said .
“ The Times Square attack would have been a fairly small attack , but it would have been a very high - profile thing that would have thrown a scare into the country .
“ So we worry about all those potential places where there could be a potential shot - on goal , ” he said .
U.S. Northern Command also plays a major role in defending against the threat of a weapon of mass destruction attack delivered by a “ rogue nation , such as North Korea or Iran , ” he said .
The command is “ on track ” with this role and is the “ trigger puller ” for interceptor missiles deployed at Vandenberg Air Force Base , Calif . , and Fort Greely , Alaska , he said .
Adm .
Winnefeld said the command was on alert for any type of North Korean missile tests , as had occurred on previous July Fourth holidays .
However , there were no signs that North Koreans were preparing to test - fire a long - range Taepodong or other missile .
“ At the moment , we ’re not seeing any indication that they would be testing a long - range missile , ” he said during the interview , conducted June 28 .
Adm. Winnefeld , who is Northcom commander and leader of the joint U.S. - Canadian North American Aerospace Defense Command ( NORAD ) , defended the Pentagon ’s decision to shift the NORAD operations center from the protected underground facility at nearby Cheyenne Mountain to an underground facility at Northcom ’s headquarters , adjacent to Colorado Springs Airport .
The proximity has raised concerns among security specialists that a hijacked aircraft could be used to attack the operations center and knock out strategic missile - warning and aircraft - monitoring capabilities .
Adm .
Winnefeld said there is a danger but that it is minimal .
“ I would n’t change a thing that we have right now , ” he said .
“ It was a smart move to build the headquarters that we did in this building , which happens to be underneath the ground here outside my window .
“ No place is 100 percent secure , but that is secure from almost any kind of attack , realistically , that we could see , ” he said .
“ Now , if someone got on an airplane and got incredibly lucky and dived in on the exact spot on this building , would they take out the command center ?
Probably .
But I think the odds of that are pretty small .
And if they did , I ’ve got really good backup . ”
The Cheyenne Mountain complex is still used by NORAD and Northcom as a backup facility , along with other command - and - control nodes across the country .
Adm .
Winnefeld said he is working hard to improve the command ’s partnerships , whether it be with state National Guard or civilian agencies , such as the Homeland Security Department and law enforcement agencies .
Asked what keeps him awake at night , Adm .
Winnefeld said he is most worried about “ the unknown unknowns , ” such as terrorists working on some type of novel attack for which the United States might not be prepared .
“ Remember , terrorist organizations like to use our freedoms against us , ” he said .
“ They are not going to give up , so we have to be constantly thinking what ’s next . ”
Adm .
Winnefeld said he also worries about a computer - based cyber - attack that could disrupt vital services and systems .
“ I refer to it as the ultimate long - range weapon of mass destruction , because a kid at a computer could be doing this , ” he said .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
What it is : A not quite yet finished version of Windows 7 Mobile , Microsoft ’s latest operating system for smartphones .
What ’s new about it : Redesigned from the ground up .
Apple and Android were thrashing Microsoft in the mobile OS sector , so it was decided that previous versions of Win-Mo would be scrapped and a new OS would be built from scratch .
The result is an OS that ’s graphically focused , easier to navigate , and lets you easily aggregate contact info from multiple sources ( Facebook , Windows Live ) .
Also integrated are icons dedicated to accessing Bing ( search ) , Xbox Live ( gaming ) and the Zune marketplace ( wait , what ? ) .
Our first thoughts : Major , major improvements here .
Because the applications are laid out in what Microsoft calls “ Tiles ” ( really , these are customizable icons that can be manipulated on the Start screen ) , navigating the OS is exponentially more simplistic than previous versions of Win-Mo .
The focus on mining social networks and address books across platforms for contacts is definitely not a new idea ( Palm OS hello ! ) , but for Microsoft it ’s a pretty big jump in the right direction .
Still , the lack of any kind of real app store is a major hindrance .
Also , Microsoft just will not give up on the Zune marketplace .
It ’s admirable , but maybe they should re-examine their reasoning for keeping it .
This was an early build of the OS .
There were a few bugs , most notably voice search for Bing which worked accurately about half the time .
Also the Xbox Live Icon does n’t allow you to play games yet — just access your gamerscore and view achievements .
And the woeful Zune marketplace is still painfully lacking in content .
Still , it looks like a substantial improvement for Microsoft .
The finalized version of Windows 7 Mobile should be available sometime in November .
We ’ll be pretty stoked to see what tweaks they make .
Dan Maskell
Anne White
The weather
Boris Becker
Suzanne Lenglen
Pat Cash
Gabriela Sabatini
The sonorous tones of Dan Maskell were , for several decades , as much a part of Wimbledon as the Duchess of Kent and strawberries and cream .
He was known for his catchphrase : " Oh , I say ! " and for his habit of covering up his inability to pronounce tricky foreign names by referring to players by their nationality .
( " What a delightful shot by the Czech player , " was his invariable response to a Hana Mandlikova backhand winner . )
He was also strangely fixated on the seventh game of the set , which he never failed to label " all - important " .
He died in 1992 ; tennis commentary has n't been the same since .
Anne
White was never much of a tennis player , but she was responsible for what must be Wimbledon 's most outrageous fashion faux pas .
Facing fifth seed Pam Shriver in the first round in 1985 , she warmed up in a tracksuit which she then took off to reveal an all - in - one white Lycra jumpsuit .
With the match tied at one set all , bad light stopped play ; Alan Mills , the referee , instructed White to come back the next day wearing something more appropriate .
" I had no idea it would be so controversial , " was White 's clueless response when called upon to explain herself .
The vagaries of the British summer have been a source of endless frustration over the years , but rain delays have also been responsible for some of Wimbledon 's more comedic moments , notably Cliff Richard 's infamous singalong in 1996 when , backed by a choir of female players , he serenaded the crowd with a selection of his greatest hits .
Thanks to Centre Court 's retractable roof , such antics are a thing of the past .
Yes , it 's progress , but is Wimbledon quite Wimbledon without the prospect of entire days lost to rain ?
Long before he became a rumpled playboy with a fondness for broom cupboards and tax evasion , Boris Becker was a blue - eyed ace machine with a penchant for flinging himself across the freshly mown grass .
In 1985 , as an unseeded 17 - year - old , he won his first of three Wimbledon crowns , beating Kevin Curren in the final .
Two years later , when he lost in the second round , he famously declared : " I did n't lose a war .
Nobody died .
Basically , I just lost a tennis match . "
Later in his career , as his powers declined , he became less philosophical , often ranting at himself in German .
One of the greatest players of all time , Lenglen won six Wimbledon titles between 1919 and 1925 .
But the Frenchwoman was known as much for her flamboyant dress sense as for her tennis .
At a time when women tended to cover their whole bodies , her arm - and ankle - exposing outfits caused outrage , as did her tendency to sip brandy at changeovers .
In 1926 , on course for her seventh Wimbledon title , Lenglen unwittingly kept Queen Mary waiting in the royal box .
Overcome by shame , she withdrew from the tournament and turned professional the next year .
With his rock star looks and trademark cross earring , the Australian Pat Cash was always a hit with the crowds .
When he won Wimbledon in 1987 , he displayed a shocking disregard for All England Club protocol by clambering up through the crowd into the players ' box to share the moment with his family an d girlfriend ; this practice has since become almost de rigueur for first - time winners .
An accomplished guitarist , Cash has jammed on stage with such musical greats as Iron Maiden and John McEnroe .
He is now one of the most likable players - turned - commentator .
Before Anna Kournikova , Maria Sharapova and the other sylph - like Russians , there was the sultry Argentine Gabriela Sabatini .
I was in my early teens when she arrived on the scene .
Women 's tennis in the 1980s had , thus far , been dominated by Martina Navratilova and Chris Evert .
This was different .
Sabatini never did too well at Wimbledon , reaching the final just once , in 1991 , losing a thriller to Steffi Graf .
But watching her was always a joy .
And she drew support from the unlikeliest quarters : Clive James once wrote a poetic homage entitled " Bring me the sweat of Gabriela Sabatini " .
Goran Ivanisevic
Billie Jean King
Miloslav Mecir
Standing six feet four inches , Goran Ivanisevic endeared himself to the Centre Court crowds with his missile - like serve , his untranslatable Croatian curses and his fondness for taking his top off .
Who can forget his epic win over Pat Rafter in the 2001 Wimbledon final ?
It was a victory that admittedly got in the way of Tim Henman 's best shot at the trophy ( Henman lost to Ivanisevic in an agonising rain - delayed semi ) , but it was still a glorious moment for underdogs – Ivanisevic had entered the tournament that year on a wild card , the first player to do so and go on to lift the trophy .
Billie Jean King grew up in Long Beach , California , but made a second home for herself at Wimbledon , winning 20 titles in all ( if you include doubles ) , a record only matched by Martina Navratilova .
A classical serve - and - volleyer who brought a new aggression to the female game , King has also been a tireless champion of equal prize money for women .
In 1973 , she took on – and beat – Bobby Riggs in the infamous " Battle of the Sexes " .
When news broke of Billie Jean King 's close relationship with her secretary in 1981 , she became the first high - profile female athlete to come out as a lesbian .
A
Czech who played bamboozling , cat - like tennis , Miloslav Mecir brought much - needed poetry to the game in the 1980s when power play was becoming the norm .
Known as the " Swede killer " because of his success against Mats Wilander , Stefan Edberg and co , Mecir would tease opponents , manouvering them around the court before finishing them off with a deadly drop shot or outrageously angled topspin .
At Wimbledon in 1988 he was sublime , narrowly losing to Edberg in the semis .
He gave the impression of being terribly clever - the kind of man who reads Schopenhauer to relax .
A few years ago I saw a documentary on TV , commemorating lady Diana , the deceased princess of Wales .
Amongst many other things they interviewed a nice lady .
At her home there was this little table , put against a wall .
On it she had laid a white tablecloth .
She had taken a picture of lady
Di out of a magazine , put it in a frame and it was now sitting on that little table , on the white tablecloth .
On each side were candles .
Before it stood a little vase with one rose in it .
Did this picture of lady
Di comfort her , the reporter asked .
Yes , the lady answered .
Every time she walked by it , she took a moment to look at the picture and felt comforted .
Sometimes she even talked to the picture and told it about her problems .
Did this help her , the reporter asked .
Yes , she answered .
Sometimes she even felt as if lady
Di answered her and told her to carry on and that the bad times would soon be over .
So , after all these years , lady Di was still a living presence in her life , the reporter asked .
Yes , the lady answered , she often felt that the princess supported her in her difficulties .
I thought : this woman has made an altar and created a goddess .
She prays to her self - created divinity and her goddess answers her .
For her this deity is real .
She has convinced herself that she communicates with her .
If this woman had been a fanatic she would have founded a church for her goddess .
If this woman had been an evil fanatic she would have started telling other people how her goddess wanted them to behave .
If this woman had been a powerful , evil fanatic she would probably have killed anybody who did n't believe in her goddess .
Tags : pathology
James Mattis : ' It 's fun to shoot some people '
By Ed O'Keefe
Corrected 11:03 : An earlier version of this item incorrectly quoted Gen. James Mattis .
President Obama 's pick to lead military operations in Afghanistan , Iraq , Pakistan and the Middle East is an experienced ground combat commander , but also earned a stern rebuke in 2005 for controversial comments about combat operations .
Marine Corps Gen. James Mattis , then a lieutenant general , told a crowd in San Diego that it was " fun to shoot some people " and said that some Afghans deserved to die .
" You go into Afghanistan , you got guys who slap women around for five years , because they did n't wear a veil , " Mattis said .
" You know guys like that ai n't got no manhood left anyway .
So it 's a hell of a lot of fun to shoot 'em . "
( Watch Mattis 's comments in the video above . )
Then - Marine Corps Commandant Michael W. Hagee told Mattis to choose his words " more carefully , " but also praised him as " one of the country 's bravest and most experienced military leaders . "
" While I understand that some people may take issue with the comments made by him , I also know he intended to reflect the unfortunate and harsh realities of war , " Hagee said .
" Mattis often speaks with a great deal of candor .
I have counseled him concerning his remarks , and he agrees he should have chosen his words more carefully . "
Military ethicists warned that Mattis 's comments had the potential to cause violent events committed either by U.S. military service members or against American troops .
On Thursday Defense Secretary Robert Gates told reporters that appropriate action was taken against Mattis in 2005 .
" Obviously in the wake of the Rolling Stone interview [ with Gen. Stanley McChrystal ] , we discussed this kind of thing , " Gates said .
" And I have every confidence that -- that General Mattis will be -- will respond to questions and speak publicly about the matters for which he is responsible in an entirely appropriate way . "
Thoughts ?
Leave them in the comments section below .
• Cracking the Code : According to Wired.com , 9ec4c12949a4f31474f299058ce2b22a , the 32 - character code featured on the new U.S. Cyber Command seal means : " USCYBERCOM plans , coordinates , integrates , synchronizes and conducts activities to : direct the operations and defense of specified Department of Defense information networks and ; prepare to , and when directed , conduct full spectrum military cyberspace opeoperations in order to enable actions in all domains , ensure US / Allied freedom of action in cyberspace and deny the same to our adversaries . "
• Cabinet and Staff News : Rahm Emanuel says the Russian spy arrests show the U.S. is on guard .
Peter Orszag is hitting the speaking circuit .
Van Jones talks about his " rough exit . "
Robert Gates asks gays in the military to answer " do n't ask , do n't tell " survey .
Michelle Obama visits the Treasury Department .
By eating out often , Mr. and Mrs. Obama elevate the D.C. restaurant scene .
Artifacts from J. Edgar Hoover 's past find a home .
DEFENSE DEPARTMENT :
• Petraeus reviews directive meant to limit Afghan civilian deaths :
With insurgent attacks increasing across Afghanistan , frustration about rules of engagement is growing among troops , and among some members of Congress .
• Does the U.S. military keep all its combat videos ? :
Not quite .
• U.S. presses Pentagon contractors : U.S. congressional investigators have upped the ante , confronting two top Pentagon contractors who have received billions of dollars supplying fuel to troops in Afghanistan but have refused to reveal their owners .
ENERGY DEPARTMENT :
• Energy Department lags in saving energy : http://www.nytimes.com/2010/07/08/science/earth/08efficient.html?ref=us
FBI :
• FBI investigating Meeks's $ 40 K personal loan :
The New York Democrat has repaid the loan but failed to declare it on annual financial disclosure reports .
JUSTICE DEPARTMENT :
• Holder : Spill probe not confined to BP : " For people to conclude that BP is the focus of this investigation might not be correct , " he told CBS .
• U.S. , Russia reach deal on suspected spies : Obama administration officials said they had been eager to win the release of the four Russians , some of whom have spent long stretches in prison and are in poor health .
• Spy swap is ' all but unprecedented ' : John L. Martin supervised 76 espionage cases during his 26 years at the Justice Department , but he ’s never seen one end like this one .
• Judge declares US gay - marriage ban is unconstitutional : A federal district court judge struck down the 1996 federal law that defines marriage as a union exclusively between a man and a woman .
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS :
• Armed vet shot , killed outside Maine VA hospital : Former Marine James Popkowski , 37 , was fatally wounded in the midmorning confrontation near the VA Medical Center in Augusta .
Follow The Federal Eye on Twitter | Submit your news tips here
PORTAGE , MI–Soaking in her bathtub Tuesday , area resident Linda Marston , 32 , pleasured herself over the thought of a long - term committed relationship .
" Mmmm … oh , yeah , baby … I want to settle down with you forever , " moaned the never - married Marston , as she gently massaged her clitoris with two fingers .
" Oh , God , yes … two kids , maybe three … and a house in the country .
Big swingset in the backyard . "
Several hours later , Marston masturbated again to the idea of loving someone unconditionally through good times and bad .
Advertisement
This is the tale of two economists who lived parallel lives , and then pursued two different and contrary goals .
One was devoted to liberty and one was devoted to the state .
The first remained a teacher during his entire life , never in any prestige institution and never exercising any power .
Indeed , he used his post teaching against the exercise of power , and became the world ’s most powerful intellectual voice for radical liberalism or libertarianism .
This man who loved liberty died in 1995 and his work has taken flight the world over .
His books are selling as never before , all of them , and his star is rising by the day .
His name was Murray N. Rothbard .
The second one became the most powerful and influential economist in the world , practically running the world for a very long time .
While in power , he was revered by everyone who was anyone .
His every utterance could cause hundreds of billions to be made or lost in the market .
But he will live out the rest of his days under a cloud of derision and discredit , defending himself against the perception that he created history ’s largest financial calamity .
His name is Alan Greenspan .
Let us track these two lives and consider the choices they made .
As Charles Burris has pointed out , they were both born in New York City , in 1926 .
Rothbard was born on Tuesday , March 2 .
The following Saturday , March 6 , Alan Greenspan was born .
They had a similar background and upbringing , Greenspan of German - Jewish heritage and Rothbard of Russian - Jewish heritage .
Both attended private schools and pursued their respective passions .
What Has Government Do ... Murray N. Rothbard Best Price : $ 1.83 Buy New $ 25.00 ( as of 08:05 EST - Details )
It is after high school their lives diverged .
Whereas Rothbard followed a very mainstream path in academic economics — one that would seem to set him up as giant in the profession — Greenspan went to the Julliard School of Music to pursue his true love , which was the clarinet .
As remarkable as it may seem today , Greenspan was not interested in economics or banking or any technical field .
His interests were the arts , at least initially .
There is nothing wrong with that , and indeed music has long been considered a foundation of a great education .
I mention this because it is an implausible beginning for the man who would later take the helm of the institution that would purport to manage the world reserve currency , and a man after whom a professorship at New York University has been named .
Meanwhile , Rothbard chose to attend Columbia University .
He was not an economics major .
His passion was mathematics — and this was even before the full mathematicization of the profession .
At Columbia , he studied under the famed statistician Harold Hotelling .
It might have been Hotelling who led Rothbard to economic studies , but very early on , Rothbard the mathematician could see what was wrong with that application of statistical methods to economic theory .
He would later build on Mises to construct a systematic theory of economics rooted in logical deduction in the manner of 19th - century theorists .
All the while , his libertarianism was also in strong formation from early in his youth .
As implausible as it may seem today , Rothbard ’s biography would seem to be exactly that which would make for professional triumph with the mainstream of opinion and with the power that be .
What made that impossible were the choices he made — choices made on principle and for the love of truth and liberty .
Greenspan , for his part , declined to carry out his musical dreams .
His grades were only average so he departed to play with the Henry Jerome Orchestra , playing saxophone or clarinet as necessary .
He traveled the country on buses between engagements .
Soon he tired of that life and in 1945 changed both his school and his major to economics .
The Case Against the Fed Murray N. Rothbard Best Price : $ 2.05 Buy New $ 2.99 ( as of 07:00 EST - Details )
The school was New York University , where Mises had begun teaching that very year .
But Greenspan did not study with Mises , who he might have regarded as a washed - up old man who could do nothing for his primary concern , which was his career .
Instead , he chose the division called “ the factory ” : 9,000 students competed in various fields of specialization in business .
He graduated with honors in 1945 and enrolled in the Masters program , graduating in 1948 .
At this point , the lives of Rothbard and Greenspan briefly intersect in an interesting way : at Columbia University .
Two years earlier , Rothbard had received his own Masters in economics from Columbia , and had enrolled in the PhD program .
Professor Arthur Burns was the most prominent faculty member .
Burns would later become Eisenhower ’s head of the Council of Economic Advisers and head of the Federal Reserve .
One might say that he was the Greenspan of his day .
Greenspan dropped out of the Columbia economics program to follow Burns to Washington and model himself after his tendency toward chasing powerful positions and powerful people .
Greenspan watched Burns carefully , very impressed at how economics in an age of positivism can be used in the service of state - connected careers .
Rothbard meanwhile stayed behind at Columbia , writing and studying .
One of his seminal articles in this period was published in a book in honor of Mises — that supposedly washed - up old man who just so happened to have a penchant for speaking truth to power .
Just as Burns became Greenspan ’s model , Mises had become Rothbard ’s model .
Two more opposing career paths can hardly be imagined .
Mises had been tossed out of two countries for his principled stance , and even forfeited a prestigious position in the profession for being unwilling to go along with the Keynesian revolution .
Rothbard would follow a similar path .
His article written in honor of Mises , published in 1956 , was a reconstruction of utility and welfare economics along non-mathematical lines .
The Mystery of Banking Murray N. Rothbard Best Price : $ 2.23 Buy New $ 7.57 ( as of 07:55 EST - Details )
Here we have the graduate student doing what a principled person does : he was pursuing truth through research and writing .
He might have chosen to echo the rising Keynesianism and positivism of his day .
Certainly he was intellectually capable of become the master of both fields .
Instead , he rejected them intellectually and took a different path along lines laid out by Mises .
And what was Greenspan doing ?
He was running around Washington pandering to the big shots , watching their every move , striving to be like them , and attempting to follow in their footsteps by cultivating press contacts and relationships to people in high places .
Rothbard received his PhD in 1956 but only after jumping over a thousand barriers that had been put in his path by none other than Greenspan ’s own mentor .
There were times when Burns ’s recalcitrance drove Murray to despair .
He felt that he could not comply with Burns ’s dictates and could not please Burns and that Burns seemed to be sabotaging his work .
Ironically , Rothbard and Burns had known each other since childhood .
They lived in the same apartment building since high school .
There can be no question that this was a personal attack against Murray .
Only once Burns became so wrapped up in Washington politics that he could no longer care did Rothbard finally win out .
His PhD was rewarded in 1956 .
Now let me make a few comments about Rothbard ’s dissertation .
It was an empirical account of America ’s first serious business cycle , the panic of 1819 .
He scoured every source he could , producing many pages of detailed economic data .
He also knew the importance of ideology and personality in the history of economics , so he recounted the debates over the policy response .
Then as now , people urged intervention .
But unlike today , the government did not respond to the demands for inflation , price supports , bailouts , and fiscal stimulus .
As a result , the panic ended and the economy recovered very quickly .
What was the fate of this dissertation ?
For more than 50 years , it has been the standard reference on this episode .
It was printed and reprinted many times .
Today , the Mises Institute has an edition out of this book and it continues to sell on a large scale .
Let me hop ahead to Greenspan ’s dissertation , which was n’t filed with New York University until two decades later , in 1977 .
It was quickly sealed and continues to be unavailable to anyone .
No one had any idea what was in it until last year , when a single copy was leaked to a reporter for Barron’s .
What it contained was so irrelevant that it barely made the news .
It was a collection of reports he had written for various purposes over the previous 20 years — a PhD granted for life experience , as it were .
A History of Money and ...
Rothbard , Murray N. Best Price : $ 5.53 Buy New $ 42.06 ( as of 08:00 EST - Details )
What did Greenspan do in the intervening years ?
He founded a consulting company , Townsend - Greenspan and worked for the National Industrial Conference Board .
To understand Greenspan ’s firm and what it did , it is important to understand the role of the economic expert in an age of positivism .
In the postwar period , the scientist with Gnostic - style knowledge and shadowy connections to power ascended to massive public fame .
The substance itself did n’t matter so much as the illusion of expertise .
What his firm sold was Greenspan , to such powerful , regime clients as J.P. Morgan and Co .
Greenspan carefully crafted his image as an omniscient pundit on all matters related to economics .
He used his connections to Burns and rising connections to all related power elites to build up a reputation as a monk - like data collector , poring over charts and coming up with printable comments and predictions .
It was mostly illusion .
There were no charts and data collections and machines to make perfect predictions .
What Greenspan did was commodify his own pandering ways and sell them to a culture hungry for illusions .
All throughout the 60s and the decades following , he worked to craft his personae to fit perfectly with the prevailing ethos .
That ethos was statism — the glorification of central management by the experts .
Greenspan sought to be top of the heap .
Let me say a few words about Greenspan ’s connection to Ayn Rand .
The press routinely misunderstands the meaning of this relationship .
The only writer who I think has gotten it right , aside from people in the inner circle like George Reisman and Nathaniel Branden , is Frederick Sheehan , author of Panderer to Power .
Sheehan points out that Greenspan ’s relationship to the Rand circle was always opportunistic and never really had any effect on Greenspan ’s life .
She was a famous author on the rise .
Greenspan was a master of hitching his wagon to any horse on the move .
Rand herself called him the “ undertaker . ”
She would frequently ask her associates : “ Do you think Alan might basically be a social climber ? ”
Her intuition was , of course , correct .
But what the Rand episode further illustrates is actually terribly unflattering for Greenspan .
It is bad enough for a person to cravenly seek power while remaining in ignorance .
But as Greenspan revealed in his 1966 article called “ Gold and Economic Freedom , ” he actually knew the truth .
He knew that the Fed creates business cyles — he wrote this in his article , even getting the story of the Great Depression right .
He knew that fiat money builds the state .
He said that gold is the only monetary guarantee of freedom .
It is bad enough when a person devotes his life to the service of power when he does it in a state of intellectual ignorance .
But when the same person pursues this path in a state of published knowledge , it is nothing short of reprehensible .
Thus was his relationship to Rand no different from his relationship to anyone else : he used her as a stepping - stone toward his real goal .
It was only a few years following this article that Greenspan angled his way into the Nixon campaign of 1968 , taking the job of coordinator of domestic policy research .
He began a shuttle back and forth between New York and Washington that would define the rest of his life .
Making Economic Sense Murray N. Rothbard Best Price : $ 19.55 Buy New $ 69.99 ( as of 08:05 EST - Details )
In 1970 , his mentor Burns was sworn in as the head of the Fed — and here is when Greenspan set his sights on that position as his lifetime goal .
Every choice he made after that point was dedicated to this .
All the while , he maintained his high public profile , making as many as 80 speeches a year and pulling in huge consulting fees , while otherwise pretending to live a monk - like existence , studying charts and tables and dolling out bits of advise and wisdom for high dollars .
Despite the personality cult he was building , his predictions were almost always wrong .
Let me give only the most famous example .
On January 7 , 1973 , the New York Times featured his picture with a spread on brilliant market forecasters .
He was quoted as follows : “ It ’s very rare that you can be as unqualifiedly bullish as you can now . ”
Four days later , the market peaked and bottomed out 46 percent lower one year later .
This was typical for him : somehow able to build a reputation as a prophet while being wrong on everything .
His method was always the same : using high - flown rhetoric and obscure language while dissembling and faking his way through life .
It was a perfect method for government work .
And so , that same year , he became head of the Council of Economic Advisers .
In 1974 , he urged President Ford to propose a new tax as a means of combating inflation .
He was involved in the “ Whip Inflation Now ” campaign , complete with WIN buttons — though he knew full well that the real culprit was not a lack of morale but a Fed that would not stop the printing press .
A few years later he wormed his way into the Reagan inner circle and became head of the Social Security Commission that ended up raising payroll taxes , which seemed to save the system but only ended up delaying the inevitable .
All of this was mere prelude toward 1987 , when the goal of his career was at hand .
He was nominated for the position he had been training for during his entire life : head of the Fed .
What happened soon after was the famous stock market crash of 1987 .
Here he did what he would do again and again during his 20 - year tenure .
He met every crisis with the same tactic : he opened the monetary spigots .
He did this again and again through his long tenure .
Monetary pumping was his one weapon .
Think of the occasions : the Mexican debt crisis of 1996 , the Asian Contagion of 1997 , Long - Term Capital Management in 1998 , the Y2 K crisis of 1999 and 2000 , the dot com collapse , and finally the 9 - 11 terrorist incidents in Washington and New York .
Oh , and never forget that Greenspan , on November 13 , 2001 , received the Enron Prize .
What was behind all of this ?
Essentially , he proved himself adept at serving the state whenever it needed help .
Politicians used Greenspan as what Sheehan calls their “ air - raid shelter . ”
He did them a favor and they returned it by appointing him again and again , and they fawned over him as no one has ever been fawned over .
And it ’s no wonder .
He was history ’s biggest counterfeiter .
You can see the map of this in the federal funds rate .
Looking at the chart from the sixties to the present we see a huge arch , with the peak in 1979 , and the rate trending steadily downward to the present level of zero .
The only way this could be justified would be through a large increase in savings and capital , and we have not seen this .
This picture of lower and lower rates is wholly artificial .
Not only that , they are bubble inducing in the extreme .
What we are experiencing now , in the US and other countries , is a direct result of Greenspan ’s tenure , which led to the greatest financial catastrophe in modern times .
And make no mistake : every bit of this can be blamed on Greenspan directly .
Man , Economy , and Stat ... Murray N. Rothbard Best Price : $ 22.75 Buy New $ 25.00 ( as of 07:50 EST - Details )
We know from on - record reports of everyone who worked with him that he ruled the Federal Open - Market Committee meetings with an iron fist , never seeking anyone else ’s opinion nor tolerating dissent to his political intuitions .
He would beat back any contrary view with withering stares and implicit and explicit rebukes .
It was rule by fear and intimidation .
He would frequently make declarations on the state of the economy that had no basis at all in reality , and everyone in the room would know it .
But after a while , it became clear that no one could penetrate his brain .
Instead , those gathered would just roll their eyes and walk away in despair , muttering among themselves .
He could make or break subordinates and colleagues .
He continued to cultivate his public image as a way of crushing disagreement within the Fed .
The message he sent through his high status was : do n’t you dare disagree with this god on earth whom all people adore .
For a time , we had the entire Wall Street and Washington establishment singing one long and united chorus of the hymn Thank God for Greenspan .
He encouraged this , sending his minions out to tell the press that he deserved credit for all things : an uptick in employment , a downtick in the trade deficit , an optimistic earnings report from Wall Street .
No matter what the news , he would take credit for it , even if the news had no bearing at all on any Fed policies .
Those were crazy times .
A fake article appeared in the New Republic that told of a cult on Wall Street involving candles and an iconic image of Greenspan in the back room .
The story was preposterous but believable .
It took a very long time before anyone figured out that it was a fake .
As for his behavior within the Fed itself , his war on dissent , typical of any dictator , was too much for anyone at the Fed with intelligence and integrity .
Janet Yellen resigned as governor in 1997 , saying bitterly as she left that it is a “ great job , if you like to travel around the country and read speeches written by the staff . ”
She recalled , for example , that Greenspan would not even let her talk to the Fed staff because he feared that they would develop some affection or loyalty toward anyone but Greenspan personally .
Bert Ely , a Fed consultant , concludes with a point written about most despots in human history : “ The chairman is not a secure man .
He has to be one in the spotlight , and he does n’t want competition . ”
I do n’t need to tell you how the story of Greenspan ends .
His world came crashing down around him .
He spends all of his time today trying to explain his way out of the blame .
Much to his everlasting disgrace , he has intimated on many occasions that the meltdown of 2008 was not his failure or a failure of the government at all but a result of inherent flaws in the market .
Americau2019s Great De ... Murray N. Rothbard Best Price : $ 4.93 Buy New $ 17.99 ( as of 05:45 EST - Details )
Ayn Rand speculated that this undertaker might just be a social climber .
She did not and could not have known that he would eventually climb his way to the top , fall all the way down , and while he was writhing in pain would betray the entire cause to which he pretended devotion .
But anyone who looked at his life could see the pattern .
It was not a complex one .
He served the state .
As Rothbard himself wrote of Greenspan : “ Greenspan ’s real qualification is that he can be trusted never to rock the establishment ’s boat . ”
Indeed he served the establishment from the first day to the last .
Now , I would like to turn back to Rothbard and his life .
When we last left him , he had completed his dissertation .
He was about to embark on an enormous journey that would consume his entire life .
He published in the established journals as long as he could but at some point , his quest for truth and love of liberty meant that he would be cut off from them .
Despite his brilliance , background , and credentials , he did not get a prestigious academic post .
He worked for a private academic foundation , reviewing all the latest books on history , philosophy , law , and economics .
His massive treatise on economics that appeared in 1963 began as a tutorial written on behalf of this foundation .
When he did get a position , it was at Brooklyn Polytechnic in New York .
He had a dumpy office and taught mostly unimpressive students .
But it hardly mattered at all to him .
He had the freedom to write and publish and tell the truth , and that ’s what he wanted more than anything .
And yet even here , his options were limited .
As a supporter of the free market , one might think that conservative journals of opinion were open to him .
But soon after the Cold War intensified , he could no longer be quiet on an issue that was vastly important to him ; namely the relationship between liberty and military expansionism .
He saw the warfare state as nothing but a species of socialism .
And so he adhered to the credo of the old classical liberals : a free market plus a peaceful international outlook .
For this , he was excommunicated by the conservatives .
The result was that he ended up building his own global movement , one that began in his living room and extended to the whole human race .
His two - dozen books and thousands of articles ended up inspiring a vast , worldwide movement for liberty .
His economic writings bridged the gap between Mises and the current generation of Austrians .
His wonderful personality demonstrated to one and all that it is possible to have fun while fighting leviathan .
As for Rothbard ’s own character , the contrast with Greenspan could not be starker .
If Greenspan was the dreary undertaker , Rothbard was the happy warrior .
Rothbard thrilled to spend time with students and faculty and anyone interested in liberty .
When you spoke to him , he was glad to talk about the field of interest that was the other person ’s specialization .
Whether it was history , philosophy , ethics , economics , politics , religion , Renaissance painting , music , sports , Baroque church architecture , or even the soaps on TV , he always made others feel more important .
He was always excited to give credit to others and to draw attention to the contribution of everyone to the great cause .
He never held a grudge for long : even for those who betrayed him personally , there was always an opportunity for reconciliation open .
All of these traits extended from his amazing generosity of spirit , which I attribute to his love of truth above all else .
His too - short life was cut off in 1995 .
But that was also the year that the web browser became common in offices and homes .
Those classes that Rothbard taught in his small New York classroom are now being broadcast around the world through iTunes and Mises.org .
His books are all in print and selling as never before .
There are not only his books but books on his books and an entire literature growing up around his legacy .
Many have said that Rothbard was his own worst enemy .
People said the same of Mises .
The idea here is that they could have helped their career by going along to get along .
That is true enough .
But is getting along all we really want out of life ?
Or do we want to make a difference in a way that will outlast us ?
At some point in all our lives , we will all come to realize that all the money and all the power and goods we can accumulate will be useless to us after we die .
Even large fortunes can dissipate after a generation or two .
The legacy we will leave on this earth comes down to the principles by which we lived .
It is the ideas we hold and the way we pursued them that is the source of our immortality .
Greenspan will leave an economy in shambles and a lifetime of pandering .
Rothbard left a grand vision of liberty united with science , and example of what it means to truly think long term .
In all ages and in all times , people must make a choice .
Will we accept the world as it is and try to fit in , getting as much as we can from the system until we bow out ?
Or will we stick to principle , pay whatever price that involves , and leave the world a better place ?
I submit to you that anyone who has ever truly loved liberty has chosen the second course .
That is the course that the Mises Institute is dedicated to following .
May we each make that choice too .
Reprinted from Mises.org .
The Best of Lew Rockwell
The Best of Llewellyn H. Rockwell , Jr.
Christie prepped Trump for the debate — and helped mop up
Chris Christie , once a darling of GOP moderates , is all in with Trump — even after the debate in which Trump failed to denounce white supremacists .
Accents
Cut down overpopulation !
By 2050 , my eldest grandchild Jetrone would be 62 years old .
By that same year , the United Nations predicts world population will reach 9.2 billion with 5.2 of that coming from the whole of Asia .
The Philippines will have 141 million , an increase of 46 million more Filipinos from its present 95 million .
I draw attention to these figures to continue what I ’ve been advocating for in the past two columns : the use of artificial birth control to cut down overpopulation .
July 11 , World Population Day , had come and gone with no visible awareness in the homeland , or so I heard from the folks back home .
World Population
Day is an international day for every inhabitant of Mother Earth to observe , rather to be zealously concerned about .
It was established by the UN Development Programme to mark the planet ’s five billionth inhabitant born in Yugoslavia on July 11 , 1987 .
The Earth was then home to five billion people .
That was 23 years ago .
The number has swelled to alarming statistics that entail serious consideration .
Some problems associated with or exacerbated by human overpopulation are :
Inadequate fresh water for drinking water use as well as sewage treatment and effluent discharge .
Some countries , like Saudi Arabia , use energy - expensive desalination to solve the problem of water shortages .
Depletion of natural resources , especially fossil fuels .
Increased levels of air pollution , water pollution , soil contamination and noise pollution .
Once a country has become industrialized and wealthy , a combination of government regulation and technological innovation causes pollution to decline substantially , even as the population continues to grow .
Deforestation and loss of ecosystems that sustain global atmospheric oxygen and carbon dioxide balance ; about eight million hectares of forest are lost each year .
Changes in atmospheric composition and consequent global warming .
Irreversible loss of arable land and increases in desertification .
Deforestation and desertification can be reversed by adopting property rights , and this policy is successful even while the human population continues to grow .
Mass species extinctions from reduced habitat in tropical forests due to slash - and - burn techniques that sometimes are practiced by shifting cultivators , especially in countries with rapidly expanding rural populations ; present extinction rates may be as high as 140,000 species lost per year .
As of 2008 , the IUCN Red List lists a total of 717 animal species having gone extinct during recorded human history .
High infant and child mortality .
High rates of infant mortality are caused by poverty .
Rich countries with high population densities have low rates of infant mortality .
Intensive factory farming to support large populations .
It results in human threats including the evolution and spread of antibiotic resistant bacteria diseases , excessive air and water pollution , and new virus that infect humans .
Increased chance of the emergence of new epidemics and pandemics .
For many environmental and social reasons , including overcrowded living conditions , malnutrition and inadequate , inaccessible , or non-existent health care , the poor are more likely to be exposed to infectious diseases .
Starvation , malnutrition or poor diet with ill health and diet - deficiency diseases ( e.g. rickets ) .
However , rich countries with high population densities do not have famine .
Poverty coupled with inflation in some regions and a resulting low level of capital formation .
Poverty and inflation are aggravated by bad government and bad economic policies .
Many countries with high population densities have eliminated absolute poverty and kept their inflation rates very low .
Low life expectancy in countries with fastest growing populations .
Unhygienic living conditions for many based upon water resource depletion , discharge of raw sewage and solid waste disposal .
However , this problem can be reduced with the adoption of sewers .
For example , after Karachi , Pakistan installed sewers , its infant mortality rate fell substantially .
Elevated crime rate due to drug cartels and increased theft by people stealing resources to survive .
Conflict over scarce resources and crowding , leading to increased levels of warfare .
Less Personal Freedom / More Restrictive Laws .
Laws regulate interactions between humans .
Law “ serves as a primary social mediator of relations between people . ”
The higher the population density , the more frequent such interactions become , and thus there develops a need for more laws and / or more restrictive laws to regulate these interactions .
I did not make up the foregoing .
Above problems are completely footnoted by Wikipedia for reference .
The riches nature has endowed the Philippines continue to diminish .
Take our overfished seas .
We tell the fishers to throw back into the waters the gravid fish they ’ve caught , those heavy with eggs , because those will multiply in the millions for them to go fish again .
But what happens is that many fishers cook or sell the fish , gravid and all , because of the increasing number of mouths to be fed , not to mention the family ’s other crying needs that have to be met – education and medical assistance .
Take our denuded forests .
The kaingin system that eats up the rainforest has been denounced a long time ago .
Some folks in the hinterlands learn to let the trees be , but others never learn or refuse to learn – because of need .
Poor Juan de la Cruz resorts to cutting trees for his basic necessities : shelter and fuel in addition to food and clothing for his brood .
Adding insult to injury , so to speak , are “ corporate evil - doers ” who contribute to soil erosion , deadly landslides , and killer floods with their lumber concessions and greed for profit .
The legendary underwater explorer Jacques Cousteau has made the conclusion for all of humanity to be wary : “ Population growth is the primary source of environmental damage . ”
How population growth endangers the environment cannot be over - emphasized .
Deforestation and quarrying supply the construction needs for the mushrooming subdivisions that , in turn , answer the housing needs of the exploding population .
Thus , the environment groans with the demands we place on it from the microcosm of communities to the macro life of countries .
If we cannot stop the population from exploding , the keen competition for scarce resources , massive poverty , and large - scale deaths from hunger and malnutrition will ensue – scenarios that confound the mind .
Thus , every conceivable way to achieve a sustainable environment must be pursued .
Science is in intense pursuit toward this end , but the technological advances in food production can hardly keep pace with the number of newly - born the world has to feed , clothe , and shelter .
Mother Earth cannot feed , nourish , sustain the populace to comfortable levels beyond its capacity .
It is not getting any bigger while the people keep breeding , overcrowding , and swelling in number .
Thus , my persistent advice to our child - bearing Pedro , Pablo , and Juan , Maria , Juana , and Ana to obey the Earth ’s 5th Commandment :
You shall limit your offspring for multitudes of people are a burden unto the earth .
Some opponents of artificial birth control see no need to check population growth .
Their reason : Nature will do it .
Let nature take its course .
Let the tsunami and the earthquake do it , huh .
Or even man -made catastrophes , e.g. , wars .
Bombs can cut overpopulation by the thousands .
Yap , quarreling human beings killing each other in wars .
Have n’t we had enough of horrendous tales of loved ones lost or maimed in wars ?
That would be most sorrowful , do n’t you think so , guys and gals ?
Email : lagoc@hargray.com
“ Extreme athletes ” is what Martin Schoeller calls the female bodybuilders he photographed over a period of five years .
He attended a bodybuilding competition in 2003 and was fascinated by what he witnessed , curious about these women and their motivations .
Aware that they ’re often perceived as freaks , they rarely agree to be photographed , but Martin , open and nonjudgmental , established a rapport with them .
His astonishing series ‘ Female Bodybuilders ’ was the result ; it can now be seen at the Hasted Hunt Kraeutler gallery in Chelsea .
Martin ’s best - known photographs are his close - up portraits , which we call his ‘ big heads . ’
These pictures of knowns and unknowns remove a barrier , bringing the subject near to the viewer , sometimes uncomfortably so .
No tricks , no manipulation , just beautiful light makes his portraits so fine .
Martin says his work is inspired by the great German photographer August Sander , whose portraits of Germans are ethnographic masterpieces .
I would call his bodybuilder portraits anthropological photography .
He explores a small subculture of women who push their bodies to the limit , sharing an ambition common within the popular practice of American extreme sports .
Oddly , some of the faces are beautiful and feminine as much as the body is masculine and powerfully built .
The women present their faces much differently from the way they sculpt their bodies .
These conflicting thoughts about gender , femininity and masculinity , and perception of beauty are part of what mesmerized Martin .
He loves Bernd and Hilla Becher ’s industrial studies .
Martin applies their simplicity approach — showing an edifice and thereby inviting the viewer to consider what lies behind — to his work on the female bodybuilders .
He wants us to look behind the mask of extreme physical fitness .
I know Martin has also thought about Leni Riefenstahl ’s pictures of the Olympics , photographs of athletes beautifully lit and composed .
His pictures will not be to everyone ’s liking , may be an affront to some , but they are compelling , especially the way they are shown at Hasted Hunt Kraeutler .
1 / 9 Chevron Chevron Giusy Caputo
Top image : Christine Roth
WASHINGTON ( AP ) 
The first pill designed to boost the female sex drive failed to make a significant impact on libido in two studies , federal health regulators said , though some women did report slightly more sexually satisfying experiences .
The Food and Drug Administration is considering Boehringer Ingelheim 's drug flibanserin for premenopausal women who report a lack of sexual desire , a market that drugmakers have been targeting for more than a decade since the blockbuster success of Viagra in men .
The search for so - called " female Viagra , " has proved elusive though , with many drugs abandoned after showing lackluster results .
On Friday the FDA will ask a panel of experts to weigh in on the safety and effectiveness of Boehringer 's drug .
The agency is not required to follow the group 's advice , though it often does .
In its review posted online Wednesday , FDA said two Boehringer studies failed to show a significant increase in sexual desire , as recorded by women in a daily journal .
Women taking the drug reported slightly more sexually satisfying experiences , but FDA said that was not the primary measure of the study .
" The division wanted to see that an effect of treatment is an overall increase in sexual desire regardless of whether a sexual event occurred or not , " states the FDA review .
The FDA also noted increased side effects like depression , fainting and dizziness seen among women taking the pink pill .
The drug , which is related to the antidepressant family , affects serotonin and several other brain chemicals , though it 's not clear how that increases sex drive .
" We do n't know specifically what the exact mechanism of action is but we believe it acts on brain chemicals that have a role in human sexual response , " said Dr. Peter Piliero , executive director for Boehringer 's U.S. medical affairs .
Since the launch of Viagra in 1998 , more than two dozen experimental therapies have been studied for so - called " female sexual dysfunction , " a market which some analysts estimate at $ 2 billion .
Dr. Elizabeth Kavaler , a urologist at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York , says arousal in women is so complicated that it may be unrealistic to expect a pill to completely address sexual problems .
" It 's a fairly complicated area , unlike in men 's sexual dysfunction where there 's a major mechanical concern , " said Kavaler .
" In women there 's no mechanical concern , so if she 's not having a successful sex life , where is the problem ? "
Pharmaceutical approaches to boosting female sexual libido have evolved over time .
Initially , most treatments aimed to increase blood flow to the genitals , similar to Viagra .
A second wave of would - be blockbusters focused on boosting hormones , including testosterone , which is linked to sexual interest .
Flibanserin is the first drug to approach the problem through brain chemistry .
The FDA has approved an unusual handheld vacuum device that increases blood flow to the clitoris to increase sexual arousal .
But all drug therapies have fallen short so far .
In 2004 , Pfizer halted its study of Viagra in women due to inconclusive results .
Later that year an FDA panel rejected Procter & Gamble 's testosterone patch Intrinsa , due to risks of heart disease and cancer .
Smaller companies are currently developing creams and nasal sprays to increase female libido .
BioSante Pharmaceuticals Inc. expects to submit its testosterone gel LibiGel for FDA approval next year .
Medical surveys have estimated more than 40 % of women suffer from some form of sexual dysfunction ; Boehringer estimates as many as one in 10 women could be helped by its drug .
Boehringer tried to zero in on the chemical aspect of sexual dysfunction by only testing its drug on premenopausal women who were in stable relationships and not taking other medications .
Despite wanting to have a sexual relationship , the women enrolled in company studies reported a persistent lack of desire that caused them " distress or interpersonal difficulty . "
Leonore Tiefer , a psychiatry professor at New York University who runs a private sex therapy practice , believes drugmakers have oversimplified female sexuality .
She says in most cases lack of sex drive has more to do with the quality of one 's relationship and lifestyle than brain chemicals .
During the public comment period at Friday 's meeting , Tiefer will ask the FDA to reject flibanserin , arguing it offers meager benefits for women with unknown long - term risks .
The modest results reported by Boehringer have also cooled Wall Street 's expectations for the drug .
Decision Resources analyst Alasdair Milton said he expects flibanserin sales to peak at $ 300 million after six or more years on the market .
By comparison , male sexual dysfunction drugs including Viagra , Cialis and others posted combined sales of $ 4.4 billion last year , according to health care data firm IMS Health .
Privately - held Boehringer Ingelheim posted sales of $ 12 billion last year .
The Ingelheim , Germany - based company makes a range of prescription drugs for heart disease , HIV and other diseases .
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
It ’s always amusing to hear people complain about wild animals in their backyards .
They realize that they built their homes in the middle of the woods , right ?
Basically nature ’s backyard ?
Nature is n’t even complaining so much , but the animals would like to go about their day without being harassed too terribly .
Think of it as buying a nature condo .
You do n’t have to like your neighbors , but they were there first .
MOSCOW / WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) –
His face wracked by age and his voice rasping after decades of chain - smoking coarse tobacco , the former long - time Russian Minister of nuclear energy and veteran Soviet physicist Viktor Mikhailov knows just how to fix BP ’s oil leak in the Gulf of Mexico .
“ A nuclear explosion over the leak , ” he says nonchalantly puffing a cigarette as he sits in a conference room at the Institute of Strategic Stability , where he is a director .
“ I do n’t know what BP is waiting for , they are wasting their time .
Only about 10 kilotons of nuclear explosion capacity and the problem is solved . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
A nuclear fix to the leaking well has been touted online and in the occasional newspaper op - ed for weeks now .
Washington has repeatedly dismissed the idea and BP execs say they are not considering an explosion — nuclear or otherwise .
But as a series of efforts to plug the 60,000 barrels of oil a day gushing from the sea floor have failed , talk of an extreme solution refuses to die .
For some , blasting the problem seems the most logical answer in the world .
Mikhailov has had a distinguished career in the nuclear field , helping to close a Soviet Union program that used nuclear explosions to seal gas leaks .
Ordinarily he ’s an opponent of nuclear blasts , but he says an underwater explosion in the Gulf of Mexico would not be harmful and could cost no more than $ 10 million .
That compares with the $ 2.35 billion BP has paid out in cleanup and compensation costs so far .
“ This option is worth the money , ” he says .
And it ’s not just Soviet boffins .
Milo Nordyke , one of the masterminds behind U.S. research into peaceful nuclear energy in the 1960s and ’ 70s says a nuclear explosion is a logical last - resort solution for BP and the government .
Matthew Simmons , a former energy adviser to U.S. President George W. Bush and the founder of energy investment - banking firm Simmons & Company International , is another calling for the nuclear option .
Even former U.S. President Bill Clinton has voiced support for the idea of an explosion to stem the flow of oil , albeit one using conventional materials rather than nukes .
“ Unless we send the Navy down deep to blow up the well and cover the leak with piles and piles and piles of rock and debris , which may become necessary … unless we are going to do that , we are dependent on the technical expertise of these people from BP , ” Clinton told the Fortune / Time / CNN Global Forum in South Africa on June 29 .
Clinton was picking up on an idea mooted by Christopher Brownfield in June .
Brownfield is a one - time nuclear submarine officer , a veteran of the Iraq war ( he volunteered in 2006 ) and now a nuclear policy researcher at Columbia University .
He is also one of a number of scientists whose theories rely not on nuclear bombs — he did toy with that thought for a while — but on conventional explosives that would implode the well and , if not completely plug it with crushed rock , at least bring the flow of oil under control .
“ It ’s kind of like stepping on a garden hose to kink it , ” Brownfield says .
“ You may not cut off the flow entirely but it would greatly reduce the flow . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
BLASTS FROM THE PAST
Using nuclear blasts for peaceful ends was a key plank of Cold War policy in both the United States and the Soviet Union .
In the middle of last century , both countries were motivated by a desire to soften the image of the era ’s weapon of choice .
Washington had big plans to use peaceful nuclear explosions to build an additional Panama Canal , carve a path for an inter-state highway through mountains in the Mojave Desert and connect underwater aquifers in Arizona .
But the experimental plans were dropped as authorities learned more about the ecological dangers of surface explosions .
The Soviet program , known as Nuclear Explosions for the National Economy , was launched in 1958 .
The project saw 124 nuclear explosions for such tasks as digging canals and reservoirs , creating underground storage caverns for natural gas and toxic waste , exploiting oil and gas deposits and sealing gas leaks .
It was finally mothballed by Mikhail Gorbachev in 1989 .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Soviets first used a nuclear blast to seal a gas leak in 1966 .
Urtabulak , one of its prized gas - fields in Uzbekistan , had caught fire and raged for three years .
Desperate to save the cherished reserves , Yefim Slavsky , then Minister of Light Industry , ordered nuclear engineers to use the most powerful weapon in their arsenal .
“ The Minister said , ‘ Do it .
Put it out .
Explode it , ' ” recalls Albert Vasilyev , a young engineer and a rising star in the project who now teaches at the Lenin Technical Institute in Moscow .
ADVERTISEMENT
Vasilyev remembers the technology behind the program with obvious pride .
“ The explosion takes place deep underground , ” he says .
“ We pinch the pipe , break it and the pipe collapses . ”
According to Vasilyev , the blast at Urtabulak sealed the well shut leaving only an empty crater .
JUST DOING A JOB
In all , the Soviets detonated five nuclear devices to seal off runaway gas wells — succeeding three or four times , depending on who you talk to .
“ It worked quite well for them , ” says Nordyke , who authored a detailed account of Soviet explosions in a 2000 paper .
“ There is no reason to think it would n’t be fine ( for the United States ) . ”
But not everything went smoothly .
Vasilyev admits the program “ had two misfires ” .
The final blast in 1979 was conducted near the Ukrainian city of Kharkov .
“ The closest houses were just about 400 meters away , ” Vasilyev recalls .
“ So this was ordered to be the weakest of the explosions .
Even the buildings and the street lamps survived . ”
Unfortunately , the low capacity of the device failed to seal the well and the gas resurfaced .
ADVERTISEMENT
Alexander Koldobsky , a fellow nuclear physicist from the Moscow Engineering and Physics Institute , insists the peaceful nuclear explosions were safe .
The people who worked on the program “ were brilliant professionals ” , he says .
“ They had a culture of safety , which did not accept the word ‘ maybe ’ , but only accepted the words ‘ obligation ’ and ‘ instruction . ’
Any derivation from these in nuclear technologies is a crime . ”
Still , he concedes , “ there were different scenarios of what happened after an explosion . ”
At his first blast in a Turkmen gas field in 1972 , “ the stench was unbearable , ” he says .
“ And the wind was blowing toward a nearby town . ”
He closes his narrow lips into a smile as if refusing to say more .
Koldobsky shrugs off any suggestion of fear or emotion when the bomb exploded .
“ I felt nothing .
I was just doing my job . ”
UNANSWERED QUESTIONS
Not everybody is so sanguine about the Soviet experience .
Speaking on condition of anonymity , an expert from Russia ’s largest oil exporter Rosneft , urges the United States to ignore calls for the atomic option .
“ That would bring Chernobyl to America , ” he says .
ADVERTISEMENT
Vladimir Chuprov from Greenpeace ’s Moscow office is even more insistent that BP not heed the advice of the veteran Soviet physicists .
Chuprov disputes the veterans ’ accounts of the peaceful explosions and says several of the gas leaks reappeared later .
“ What was praised as a success and a breakthrough by the Soviet Union is in essence a lie , ” he says .
“ I would recommend that the international community not listen to the Russians .
Especially those of them that offer crazy ideas .
Russians are keen on offering things , especially insane things . ”
Former Minister Mikhailov agrees that the USSR had to give up its program because of problems it presented .
“ I ended the program because I knew how worthless this all was , ” he says with a sigh .
“ Radioactive material was still seeping through cracks in the ground and spreading into the air .
It was n’t worth it . ”
“ Still , ” he says , momentarily hard to see through a cloud of smoke from his cigarettes , “ I see no other solution for sealing leaks like the one in the Gulf of Mexico . ”
The problem , he goes on , is that “ Americans just do n’t know enough about nuclear explosions to solve this problem …
But they should ask us — we have institutes , we have professionals who can help them solve this .
Otherwise BP are just torturing the people and themselves . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
RADIATION RISKS
Nordyke too believes the nuclear option should be on the table .
After seeing nine U.S. nuclear explosions and standing behind the control board of one , he estimates that a nuclear bomb would have roughly an 80 to 90 percent chance of successfully blocking the oil .
According to his estimates , it would have to be an explosion of around 30 kilotons , equivalent to roughly two Hiroshima bombs or three times as big as Mikhailov ’s estimate .
The explosion would also need to remain at least 3 to 4 miles away from other offshore wells in the area .
The bomb , says Nordyke , would be dropped in a secondary well approximately 60 - 70 feet away from the leaking shaft .
There it would create a large cavity filled with gas .
The gas would melt the surrounding rock , crush it and press it into the leaking well to close it shut .
Although the BP well is thousands of feet deeper than those closed in the Soviet Union , Nordyke says the extra depth should n’t make a difference .
He also says that so far below the ground , not much difference exists in onshore or underwater explosions — even though the latter have never been tried .
Nordyke says fears that radiation could escape after the explosion are unfounded .
The hole would be about 8 inches in diameter and , despite the shockwave , the radiation should remain captured .
Even in the case of radiation escape , he says , its dispersed effect would be less than that of floating oil patches .
A LAST RESORT
But do n’t expect an explosion under the Gulf of Mexico any time soon .
Even a conventional blast could backfire and cause more problems .
There is a chance any blast could fracture the seabed and cause an underground blowout , according to Andy Radford , petroleum engineer and American Petroleum Institute senior policy adviser on offshore issues .
The U.S. Department of Energy has no plans to use explosives “ due to the obvious risks involved , ” according to a DOE spokeswoman .
ADVERTISEMENT
There ’s also the question of time .
Preparations for a nuclear explosion could take up to half - a- year ; BP has said it will have a relief well in place to stop the leak by August .
“ I think it has to be considered as only the last resort , ” Nordyke says .
But “ they ought to be thinking about it . ”
Would he be willing to work on such an operation ?
“ I ’d be happy to help , ” he says .
( Reporting by Nastassia Astrasheuskaya and Ben Judah in Moscow and Alina Selyukh in Washington ; editing by Simon Robinson and Sara Ledwith )
HTML Media Capture W3C Working Draft 20 July 2010
This version : http://www.w3.org/TR/2010/WD-html-media-capture-20100720/
Latest published version : http://www.w3.org/TR/html-media-capture/
Latest editor 's draft : http://dev.w3.org/2009/dap/camera/
Previous version : http://www.w3.org/TR/2010/WD-capture-api-20100401/
Editors : Ilkka Oksanen , Nokia Dominique Hazaël - Massieux , W3C Copyright © 2010 W3C ® ( MIT , ERCIM , Keio ) , All Rights Reserved .
W3C liability , trademark and document use rules apply .
Abstract
This specification defines HTML form enhancements that provide access to the audio , image and video capture capabilities of the device .
Status of This Document
This section describes the status of this document at the time of its publication .
Other documents may supersede this document .
A list of current W3C publications and the latest revision of this technical report can be found in the W3C technical reports index at http://www.w3.org/TR/.
This document is a the first part of the split of the previous version of this document , focused on the integration of media capture in HTML forms based on an extension to the FileAPI .
The second part of the split focused on programmatic access to the capture devices will be published separately .
The Working Group is looking for feedback on the general approach of this new version , and will coordinate with the HTML and Web Applications Working Group to ensure the proper progress of this document .
Issues and editors notes in the document highlight some of the points on which the group is still working and would particularly like to get feedback .
This document was published by the Device APIs and Policy Working Group as a Working Draft .
This document is intended to become a W3C Recommendation .
If you wish to make comments regarding this document , please send them to public-device-apis@w3.org ( subscribe , archives ) .
All feedback is welcome .
Publication as a Working Draft does not imply endorsement by the W3C Membership .
This is a draft document and may be updated , replaced or obsoleted by other documents at any time .
It is inappropriate to cite this document as other than work in progress .
This document was produced by a group operating under the 5 February 2004 W3C Patent Policy .
W3C maintains a public list of any patent disclosures made in connection with the deliverables of the group ; that page also includes instructions for disclosing a patent .
An individual who has actual knowledge of a patent which the individual believes contains Essential Claim (s ) must disclose the information in accordance with section 6 of the W3C Patent Policy .
1. Introduction The HTML Form Based Media Capturing specification defines a new interface for media files , a new parameter for the accept attribute of the HTML input element in file upload state , and recommendations for providing optimized access to the microphone and camera of a hosting device .
Providing streaming access to these capabilities is outside of the scope of this specification .
The Working Group is investigating the opportunity to specify streaming access via the proposed < device > element .
2. Conformance
As well as sections marked as non-normative , all authoring guidelines , diagrams , examples , and notes in this specification are non-normative .
Everything else in this specification is normative .
The key words must , must not , required , should , should not , recommended , may , and optional in this specification are to be interpreted as described in [ RFC2119 ] .
This specification defines conformance criteria that apply to a single product : the user agent that implements the interfaces that it contains .
Implementations that use ECMAScript to implement the APIs defined in this specification must implement them in a manner consistent with the ECMAScript Bindings defined in the Web IDL specification [ WEBIDL ] , as this specification uses that specification and terminology .
3. Security and Privacy Considerations
This specification builds upon the security and privacy protections provided by the [ HTML5 ] < input type = " file " > and the [ FILE - API ] specifications ; in particular , it is expected that any offer to start capturing content from the user ’s device would require a specific user interaction on an HTML element that is entirely controlled by the user agent .
In addition to the requirements already highlighted in the [ HTML5 ] and [ FILE - API ] specifications , implementors should take care of additional leakage of privacy - sensitive data from captured media .
For instance , embedding the user ’s location in a captured media metadata ( e.g. EXIF ) might transmit more private data than the user might be expecting .
4. Capture aware file - select control
This section is normative .
[ HTML5 ] links < input type = " file " > to the File interface .
This specification defines a refined MediaFile interface to be used when the accept attribute take certain values — this will require coordination with the HTML5 Working Group .
If input element in the File Upload state [ HTML5 ] contains accept attribute with values image /* , sound /* , or video /* , the user agent can invoke a file picker that allows respectively the user to take a picture , record a sound file , or record a video in addition to selecting an existing file from the file system .
See the User Interface Examples appendix for the illustration .
In case the user chooses to capture video , audio , or image content , the user agent creates media files on the fly as specified in [ HTML5 ] .
If the user captures media files successfully , the files attribute [ HTML5 ] must return a MediaList object that represents the current captured content instead of FileList [ FILE - API ] object as specified in [ HTML5 ] .
< input type = " file " accept = " image / * " >
5 . The capture parameter This section is normative .
The capture parameter may be specified on the media type values of the accept attribute to provide user agents with a hint of that by the default a file picker should be in media capturing mode .
[ HTML5 ] defines the accept attribute to take no parameters on MIME types .
This specification proposes to use a MIME type parameter — this will require coordination with the HTML5 Working Group .
The capture parameter can take one of the following values : camera , camcorder , microphone , filesystem .
These values indicate which source the file picker interface should preferably present to the user by default .
The values and their exact meaning are still very much in flux .
For example , the following code indicates that the user is expected to upload an image from the device camera : < input type = " file " accept = " image/*;capture=camera " >
A possible rendering of a file picker taking this parameter into account is offered in the User Interface Examples appendix .
6. WebIDL interfaces 6.1 MediaFile interface MediaFile captures a single photo , video or sound captured by the device .
It inherits from File [ FILE - API ] .
NoInterfaceObject ] interface MediaFile : File FormatData format readonly attribute ] interface} ; 6.1.1 Attributes format of type FormatData
The format attribute represents the format information of MediaFile object .
The Working Group is considering whether the indirection provided by the format attribute is useful or if the MediaFile interface should inherit directly from FormatData .
No exceptions .
6.2 FormatData interface FormatData captures format information of a media file captured by the device .
The relationship between this FormatData interface and the properties made available through the API for Media Resource 1.0 [ MEDIAONT - API ] needs further investigation .
NoInterfaceObject ] interface FormatData { DOMString codecs attribute unsigned long bitrate attribute unsigned long height attribute unsigned long width attribute double duration attribute ] interface} ; 6.2.1 Attributes bitrate of type unsigned long
The codecs attribute only specifies the profile and level of the encoded content which does n't specify the actual bitrate .
It only specifies the maximum encoded bitrate , thus this bitrate attribute is the average bitrate of the content .
In the case of an image this attribute has value 0 .
No exceptions .
codecs of type DOMString
The type attribute of the Blob interface ( inherited from the File interface ) is not sufficient to determine the format of the content since it only specifies the container type .
The codecs attribute represents the actual format that the audio and video of the content .
The codecs attribute must conform to the [ RFC4281 ] .
For example , a valid value for H.263 video and AAC low complexity would be codecs = " s263 , mp4a.40.2 " .
No exceptions .
duration of type double
The duration attribute represents length of the video or sound clip in milliseconds .
In the case of an image this attribute has value 0 .
No exceptions .
height of type unsigned long
The height attribute represents height of the image or video in pixels .
In the case of a sound clip this attribute has value 0 .
No exceptions .
width of type unsigned long
The width attribute represents width of the image or video in pixels .
In the case of a sound clip this attribute has value 0 .
No exceptions .
Some of the proposed attributes of the FormatData interface could possibly be integrated as parameters of the MIME type , or as MIME options object .
7. MediaList typedef The MediaList typedef represents a sequence of MediaFile objects .
sequence < MediaFile MediaList ; typedef MediaList is used to refer to the sequence < MediaFile Throughout this specification , the identifieris used to refer to thetype .
The X - 51A " Waverider " scramjet will fly at last next Tuesday , it has been announced .
It had been expected that the radical engine - capable of Mach 6 velocities while running on fairly ordinary jet fuel - would fly last December , but budgetary and scheduling difficulties have delayed the project .
The X - 51A is being run by the Air Force Research Laboratory and built by Boeing and Pratt & Whitney Rocketdyne .
It will be dropped from a modified B - 52 bomber operated by NASA next week , and a booster rocket will accelerate it to ignition speed ( ramjets can't even fire up until they 're going fast enough to cram suitable amounts of air into their front ends ) .
Unlike well - understood ordinary ramjets , which slow the air passing through them to subsonic speeds , the X - 51 is intended to maintain combustion in a supersonic internal airflow - hence the name scramjet , for supersonic combustion ramjet - a feat often likened to " striking a match in a hurricane " .
Having ignited , its designers hope that the Waverider will accelerate further to speeds of Mach 6 and fly for as long as five minutes before making its final dive into the Pacific .
There are no plans to retrieve the aircraft : all data from the test will be gathered remotely .
" In those 300 seconds , we hope to learn more about hypersonic flight with a practical scramjet engine than all previous flight tests combined , " says Charlie Brink , X - 51 honcho at the Air Force Lab .
The previous longest scramjet flight , by NASA 's X - 43 in 2004 , lasted only ten seconds .
The X - 43 , too , burned hydrogen , which is not a good feature in aircraft as it requires enormous tanks for storage .
Hydrogen scramjets offer higher speeds ( Mach 10 has been achieved ) but the X - 51 's ability to run on ordinary hydrocarbons has long been sought .
Previous attempts along these lines have n't gone well , but the X - 51 represents a new approach .
Brink said in a statement released yesterday that delays to the project had resulted from budgetary and scheduling problems - in particular the difficulty of getting a time slot on the Pacific range and a booking of NASA 's B - 52 .
Rather than an initial shot last December followed by three more this year , there will now be only one test before the new fiscal year .
" This is an experimental X - plane and it's a complicated test , " says Brink .
" We knew the original schedule was aggressive and we would need to be flexible , " said Brink .
" It 's also expensive to keep a staff of engineers and support staff at the ready and then not be able to fly when supporting assets are n’t available .
So we elected to make only one hypersonic try this spring and then pause for a few months to conserve funding . "
If successful , the X - 51 is expected to lead in the short term to new missiles able to strike faraway targets quickly and hit so fast as to be extremely difficult to defend against .
In the longer run , scramjet tech could be a key factor in access to orbit via reusable runway - takeoff spaceplanes .
Rockets struggle to achieve this because they must carry oxidiser as well as fuel , reducing what they can lift , but a spaceplane which could burn air for part of its ascent would have improved performance .
Brink has said before that the X - 51 project could allow for tests to see what the minimum ignition speed of the scramjet might be .
“ The lower it can go , the lower the stress on a turbine , ” he said last year , alluding to the possibility of an ordinary jet being used to shove the scramjet up to ignition speed - so opening the door to craft which could take off from a runway standing start without rocket boost .
Ordinary turbojets are limited to around Mach 2.5 in normal use , though they can beat Mach 3 if the user does n't mind replacing them afterwards .
" If the test flight meets even a subset of our expectations , the leap in engine technology will be the equivalent to the post - World War II leap from propellers to jet engines .
It will be a historic event , " enthused Boeing veep Alex Lopez . ®
According to a UK obesity expert when women move in with their man they very often put on weight as a result .
Men says Haslam are really very bad for women .
He says eating with a partner becomes a social event , where women often eat larger portions and indulge in richer foods and wines and more extravagant food .
When those factors are combined with taking the contraceptive pill or having babies , a woman 's waistline can severely suffer , says Haslam .
Dr Haslam says research shows women tend to gain weight once they cohabit and begin to share meals with men who intrinsically have higher energy needs and therefore appetites .
The weekly shopping list may change from the basic fruit and veg to include indulgent treats , and couples may go out to restaurants for meals more often .
Women also may do less exercise when they are in a relationship , skipping a trip to the gym to spend quality time with their partner .
Apparently the contraceptive they chose to use can also have an impact .
The contraceptive pill , which is taken by 3.5 million British women , has been associated with a slight weight gain among some users , on average 4lb in the first three months .
Repeated pregnancies can also lead to weight gain .
Changes in society 's attitude also means women may be less physically active than their great - grandmothers were , doing less housework thanks to technology , and getting partners to share the load or paying others to do it for them .
In the past studies have shown that married couples gain weight while those who divorce lose weight .
Dr Haslam does fortunately stress that it is important not to generalise and that being in a relationship has numerous positive influences and gains too .
He says however it is important for individuals to look at their own lifestyles and make healthy changes if they need to , as obesity has been shown to decrease life expectancy by seven years at the age of 40 .
The study is published in The Lancet medical journal .
http://www.thelancet.com
