Fire captain charged with burning house
Posted Tuesday , March 2 , 2010 10:31 pm
BENNINGTON --
A captain in the Bennington Fire Department was arrested Tuesday for twice setting his own home on fire in the last week .
Police said Capt . Ralph Brown , 41 , a resident of 217 Maple St. , set fire to the home on Friday morning , then again on Saturday night .
He was arrested Tuesday afternoon by the Bennington Police Department and charged with two felony counts of first - degree arson , and two felony counts of burning to defraud an insurer , according to Bennington Police Chief Richard Gauthier .
" The nature of the fire was suspicious to begin with , " Gauthier said .
" The second burn , particularly , one of the firemen thought there was a use of an accelerant . "
Bail was set at $ 10,000 Tuesday by Judge David Suntag .
Police said they expected Brown to remain jailed at the Bennington Police station until his arraignment at the Bennington District Court today .
The arson charges carry prison terms of up to 10 years and $ 2,000 in fines each , while the fraud charges each carry a prison term of up to five years with a $ 500 fine .
Brown is cooperating with investigators , Gauthier said .
" He 's admitting what happened and he 's telling the investigators how he did it , " Gauthier said .
Brown was allegedly motivated by " financial reasons , " police said , but said no further information would be released before Brown is arraigned in Bennington District Court today .
" They were trying to generate enough money for a project they were trying to do , " Gauthier said , but declined to elaborate on the project .
Article Continues After Advertisement
Police are investigating whether more people are involved with the two fires .
According to Gauthier , Brown set the second fire after an insurance adjuster offered $ 40,000 to cover damages caused by the first fire .
" My understanding is that the first fire did n't do enough damage .
In other words , the house could be repaired , " Gauthier said .
Article Continues After These Ads
Bennington Police Detective Sgt. David S. Rowland said police believe the first fire was started by deliberately crossed wires in the basement that caused them to spark , heat up , and eventually ignite the home .
Electricity to the home was shut off after the first fire .
The second fire appears to have been set with a small propane torch , according to Rowland .
He said it appeared attempts were made in several locations to start a fire on the second floor .
Vermont State Police fire investigators are collecting physical evidence at the home , Rowland said .
Local police arrested Brown after a group of people , including Brown , were interviewed several times by police .
Rowland said suspicions were heightened when their stories did not " add up . "
Gauthier , who also serves as the town 's public safety director , which oversees the fire department , said he has recommended to Bennington Fire Chief Tyler Hollister that Brown be " terminated " from the department .
Article Continues After Advertisement
Hollister said Brown 's charges result in an " automatic dismissal " if he is convicted , according to the bylaws .
He faces suspension until the investigation is complete , Hollister said .
Department officials are taking the incident " real seriously , " Hollister said .
" This is nothing to brush off .
I can assure you that this is going to be dealt with properly and swiftly , " he said .
" We 'll move forward , that 's for sure . "
Hollister said most of the department 's members were not yet aware Wednesday evening of the charges , but would be informed at a department meeting today .
Hollister , however , said he felt personally slighted by Brown .
" I feel kind of betrayed a little bit , " Hollister said .
" He put guys at risk that he knew .
That 's the biggest thing that I 'm worried about at this point . "
The home is still standing , although there is considerable damage caused by the second fire .
Seven people , including Brown , were displaced by the fires .
They have been receiving help from the American Red Cross , which had placed them in hotels in town Saturday night .
Contact Neal P. Goswami at ngoswami@benningtonbanner.com
I ca n’t imagine a better place to spend a weekend at the beach than in one of these lovely Swedish pine beach huts !
Built in the UK by James Ward , commission your own for around $ 7,500 .
We 've created our share of obnoxious salutational stationary here at CA , but as reinforced by the veritable treasury of " Superman and Friends " greeting cards at Andertoons '
Flickr account , the truth is sometimes twice as splendid as fiction .
Andertoon 's massive gallery includes nearly 50 individual cards wishing recipients well and / or commemorating all manner of non-seasonal occasions through DC 's trinity of Batman , Superman , Wonder Woman plus Bats ' rogues and at least one humble Captain Marvel appearance .
The best part ?
It 's from the happy , crisis - free year of 1978 .
The cards ' content is technically all - ages and loaded with gags , but some of the best content stems from Superman and Wonder Woman 's ( and Lois ' - Superman gets around ! ) intense sexual tension .
It 's so thick you could cut it with a Kryptonite / enchanted Amazonian knife .
It almost makes me wonder if these cards inspired Frank Miller 's mountain - pulverizing " The Dark Knight Strikes Again " love scene between the two titans .
Big ups to Kevin Church for pointing this gallery out to the Internet at large via The Daily Batman .
Check out the hilarious gallery after the jump , but be prepared for a heaping helping of disbelief .
Kendrick Brinson for The New York Times
AUGUSTA , Ga. —
On Wednesday night security forces at Augusta National keep an eye on the bushes around the club ’s more than 350 acres .
They are looking for fans hiding after Wednesday ’s practice round , fans who hope to remain unseen until they can blend into the arriving crowd Thursday morning for the first round of the Masters .
Attempts are made every year .
Most of the fans , perhaps no more than a handful , are caught and ejected from the grounds .
But some probably succeed , club employees concede , although no one knows how many .
Augusta National officials do not comment on security , but club employees and security guards in conversations over the years have described how maintenance workers on the course , as well as the occasional security patrol , will look for unusual activity or noise overnight , especially in the far reaches of the grounds .
Admission to the Masters is prized , with tickets on the resale market fetching up to $ 1,000 for one day .
While these golf stowaways might try to spend the night before any of the tournament ’s four rounds , it is attempted most often on Wednesdays , the night after the final practice round .
Spectators with practice - round tickets often do not have tickets for the competition rounds .
And spectators with competition round access usually have tickets for all four rounds or have been given tickets for that round and would not risk getting caught because it would most likely mean a permanent loss of ticket privileges for whoever provided the ticket .
A successful Wednesday night golf stowaway would have to display a badge from the wrong day during Thursday ’s round , or no badge at all , but if careful , it might not be too hard to remain undetected in the swarming crowd of the tournament .
There is one hazard to this overnight ploy , and club employees laugh when they tell of it .
Under the bushes , especially in the less traveled parts of the golf course , there are snakes .
Sometimes the hideaways do not get caught — they give themselves up .
The Contest
Update 5/4/2010 :
The contest is now over !
We 've had 62 entries and 2 keys to give out , so the odds were pretty good .
The winners have now been chosen at random - :
The contest is now over !
We 've had 62 entries and 2 keys to give out , so the odds were pretty good .
The winners have now been chosen at random - head over here to see them .
The first official Android Police contest is here !
To promote the site further , following our very successful first month on the net , we decided to give away 2x Starcraft 2 Beta keys which will let you download the most anticipated game of this year and play it on Battle .
net .
You can preorder Starcraft on Amazon and get the beta key for free or participate in this contest .
How To Win
The rules are simple .
We will give out 2x Starcraft 2 beta keys .
In order to win 1 of them , complete all of these steps :
Follow @AndroidPolice on twitter ( of course , you can also subscribe to the RSS in addition ) .
Retweet the following message :
Follow @AndroidPolice for your Android news / reviews and go to http://bit.ly/9MbCk8 to win a Starcraft 2 Beta Key . # Starcraft2 # Android
Leave a comment here and mention your favorite unit , feature , ability , and / or building that you are excited about or love the most .
Do n't feel constrained to just one though - if you got multiple favorites , do n't feel shy and spill the beans .
The contest ends in 1 week , on Monday , May 3rd , at 11:59 PM PST .
The 2 winners will be chosen randomly , posted here , and notified via email / twitter .
SC2 Resources
Here are some useful Starcraft 2 links in order to get your started :
Are you excited ?!
I 've been playing SC 2 Beta for a few days , and it's a massive amount of fun , for both diehard Starcraft fans and new players .
Let the contest begin !
After all the noise and spin , little will change in Victoria 's hospitals .
After what has been touted as the biggest health reform in more than two decades , the state 's hospitals may end up looking worryingly similar to the way they do now .
Politics and spin aside , the health financing agreement will deliver only moderate improvements for Victoria 's hospitals - not the real reform our system has been crying out for .
The additional 332 - bed package falls far short of what is needed to improve hospital access .
At present , our hospitals are struggling to cope with the increased demand for in - patient services , and patients are being left with long waits for emergency care and elective surgery .
This inevitably increases the patients ' risk of complications .
The target to treat 95 per cent of elective surgery patients within clinically recommended time frames and limit emergency department waits to four hours is terrific in theory , but will be close to impossible to put into practice .
Divorce is never easy , even if you were the one to initiate it .
However , this does not mean that the divorce process needs to be a difficult , contentious , and drawn - out battle .
Mediation offers divorcing or separating couples the opportunity to create a custom divorce agreement that is tailored to their unique goals .
The process is based on communication between the two parties , facilitated by a third - party mediator and , in some cases , other professionals .
Unlike in traditional divorce proceedings , mediation does not require you to rely on an impartial judge to rule on the various terms of your divorce , including alimony , child custody , and child support .
Mediation puts the power back into your hands .
At The Law Office of Polly A. Tatum , we assist individuals and couples navigating the family law mediation process .
Whether you are concerned about where your child will live or need to make
post - divorce modifications due to a significant change in circumstances , our Worcester divorce mediation attorney , Polly A. Tatum , can help .
Ms. Tatum has been practicing in the area of family law and mediation since 1997 and has personally handled more than 3,000 cases .
She can help you with everything from relatively simple family law issues to high - asset divorce to complex child custody arrangements .
( 508 ) 219-6264
A few days ago , Geohot vowed ps3 owners not to upgrade to 3.21 and said he ’s working on a workaround that will allow you to continue to play games online as well as keep your Linux partition .
Known for his exploits on the iPhone Geohot has definitely had his fair share of attention on the internet & this new development is sure to attract more .
He posted a video on youtube demoing his custom 3.21 firmware hack while still having install OtherOS feature available in system settings .
No release date for now but expect another announcement soon .
This is what he had to say on his blog ,
Pc Jason Hanvey held the woman in a " cruel position " , the court heard Two policemen have been jailed for 18 months after inflicting " deliberate cruelty " on a 19 - year - old woman in custody in Manchester .
Pc Jason Hanvey , 37 , and Sgt Andrew Kennedy , 51 , showed " appalling and inexcusable conduct " at Collyhurst police station in 2008 , a jury heard .
Judge Anthony Gee QC said : " It was little short of torture . "
They were convicted of misconduct in a public office after a trial at Manchester Crown Court .
Judge Gee said : " You have brought disgrace upon yourself and the uniform that each of you have been privileged to wear , " he said .
" Each of you abused your position in a shameful and deliberate fashion towards a 19 - year - old girl . "
Hanvey , of Dukinfield , hit a male suspect in the face in similar circumstances at another police station 12 years ago , the court heard .
He was convicted of assault by magistrates in Manchester , but was allowed to keep his job because of previous good character .
In October 2008 Hanvey was filmed by CCTV cameras holding the woman 's face on a desk , while threatening her , the court heard .
' Pretty please '
He screamed at Amy Keigher and threatened to " rip her skull off " .
The judge said he also grabbed her hair , put her hands in handcuffs and pulled them over her head for more than a minute in a " cruel position " .
Sgt Andrew Kennedy failed to intervene , the court was told The Greater Manchester Police officer then told her to say " pretty please " to be released .
" You were a bullying thug on this occasion .
This was deliberate cruelty and quite appalling and inexcusable conduct , " the judge told him .
Kennedy , a senior desk officer from Atherton , stood by his side and showed " complete indifference " as he failed to intervene , the court heard .
Judge Gee told Kennedy that although Hanvey was the principal offender , he regarded his culpability and blameworthiness as " just as high " .
" You could , and should , have stopped what was happening , " he said .
Miss Keigher had been arrested in Piccadilly Gardens in Manchester city centre on suspicion of assault and was later charged .
' Justice served '
The incident came to light when she complained about her treatment and the CCTV tape was reviewed .
The Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) led an investigation into the incident .
Kennedy had no previous convictions but was subject to disciplinary hearings in 1999 and 2000 for neglect of duty .
Hanvey has now resigned and Kennedy has retired .
Timothy Storrie , defending both men , said Hanvey had forfeited nearly £ 900,000 in future earnings and pension benefits , while Kennedy , with 27 years of service , would lose up to £ 300,000 .
I have detected in neither of you not one hint of remorse or regret for what happened that night
Judge Anthony Gee
Ch Supt Dave Keller , of GMP's Professional Standards Branch , said in a statement : " The conduct of Hanvey and Kennedy that day fell well below the standard expected of professional police officers and I am happy that justice has now been served .
" However , I want to stress their actions in no way reflect the committed and professional attitude shown by the vast majority of our custody staff . "
The police refused to release the CCTV footage of the incident to the media , " to ensure future disciplinary hearings are not compromised " .
Judge
Gee said to the pair : " During the time we have had together I have detected in neither of you not one hint of remorse or regret for what happened that night .
" In the witness box you sought to justify what you did in what I regard as an arrogant fashion . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Do n't breathe on it : Architect spends 44 days creating world 's biggest house of cards
An American architect has broken his own Guinness World Record by building the largest house of free - standing playing cards .
Bryan Berg used 218,792 cards to create a replica of the Venetian Macau , which is on display in its namesake luxury hotel and casino .
Berg took 44 days and 4,051 decks of cards to complete his model inside the Venetian , which sits at the heart of Macau's Cotai Strip , the China - ruled city 's version of Las Vegas ' neon alley .
[ caption ]
[ caption ]
Since Macau 's casino sector liberalised in 2002 , a spate of Las Vegas style gaming giants have transformed the once sleepy former Portuguese colony into the world 's biggest gaming hub .
Weighing 44 stone and measuring 33 feet by just under 10 feet , the model which consisted of cards stacked without glue or tape , nearly collapsed several times .
[ caption ]
' This has been the most ambitious project I have undertaken to date , ' Berg said .
' It 's really like a real construction project because you have to engineer every single adjacency and every support that 's supporting everything above , ' he added .
' I was inspired to stack cards by my card - playing grandfather ; maybe I can inspire some visitors at The Venetian Macao to try their hand at building their own structures .
' There could n’t be a more fitting place to build the world ’s largest house of cards than at the world ’s largest resort hotel , ” he added .
[ caption ]
[ caption ]
[ caption ]
SAN FRANCISCO — Faced with withering criticism for its spotty iPhone service , AT&T blames in part a shortage of cellphone towers near homes and businesses .
But it has a solution : put a miniature cell tower in your living room .
There ’s a catch , though .
You have to pay for it .
And that is making some customers angry .
The size of a couple of decks of cards , these mini - towers act and look like Wi-Fi hot spots at cafes , and redirect cellphone calls from congested cell towers to home Web connections .
“ It ’s a fabulous idea , especially if you ca n’t get service , but to charge for it is insulting , ” said Christina Zachariades , 28 , of Manhattan who already pays $ 130 a month for iPhone service but cannot receive or make calls in her fifth - floor apartment on the Upper East Side .
“ How much more do I have to pay to get the service required for me to use my phone ? ”
Despite complaints like this , the technology is poised for big sales , thanks to price drops but also because of the entrance into the market by AT&T .
Other companies — Verizon , for example — have already marketed their mini- towers for niche use to customers in places with limited cellphone signals , like basements or homes with particularly thick walls .
WASHINGTON — High - ranking intelligence officials said Monday that the military was still aggressively pursuing notorious terrorist Osaka Binn Rogen , declaring that they had not forgotten about bringing the leader of the Al Hydra network to justice .
Binn Rogen is easily identified by his characteristic beard and hat .
Advertisement
U.S. Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates assured citizens that American forces were actively hunting down Osaka Binn Rogen , and asserted that locating the mastermind behind the tragic 19 - 11 attacks is as pressing now as it was when their search first began , six or 10 years ago or however long it 's been .
" This homicidal madman committed terrible atrocities against the American people , and we have never , ever lost sight of that , " Gates said .
" Binn Rogen is the most wanted man on the planet , and he remains our No. 1 priority . "
Advertisement
" We have only one thing to say to this heinous individual , " Gates added .
" We will find you , Osaka Binn Rogen . "
Based upon field surveillance and intelligence , officials recently widened the search for Orlama Win Roben by dispatching CIA paramilitary officers and Delta Force soldiers to track down , capture , or assassinate the terrorist leader , who has been described as a " very bad , very tall guy with a beard . "
Advertisement
" Every single day our brave soldiers are out plastering wanted posters with Owanda Bun Luvin 's face on buildings , telephone poles , and surrounding trees , " Gen. Stanley McChrystal said .
" We are constantly scouring the dangerous borderlands of Latvia for this terrible , terrible man . "
Advertisement
" It 's Latvia , right ? " McChrystal added .
" Either Latvia or Liberia or somewhere like that .
You know , that general area . "
Addressing reporters at a press conference Tuesday , McChrystal assured Americans that the U.S. military " would not rest " until the terrorist fugitive was found , and that they had " in no way " forgotten about the destruction Bun Loven and his extremalist followers had wrought upon the great city of Chicago .
Advertisement
" The memories of the El Mida terrorist attacks are forever seared into our minds , " McChrystal said .
" It may have been decades ago , but the emotional wounds still have n't healed .
Believe me , Paga Tin Stogen will pay . "
According to CIA director Leon Panetta , although Pajama On Llama has thus far eluded U.S. forces , Panetta was optimistic that the founder of the La Tostada network would be captured or assassinated , pointing to a successful missile strike last month that almost killed a member of the Tallywacker .
Advertisement
Military officials have pledged to leave " no stone unturned " in the hunt for Binn Rogen .
" I 'm pretty sure we got the No. 2 or No. 3 guy , " said Panetta .
" Did n't we ?
It was someone in the top 10 , for sure . "
Advertisement
Members of Congress and U.S. allies agreed that Okenny Ben Loggens was very much present in their minds .
Sen. Richard Lugar ( R - IN ) , ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , pledged " any necessary resources " to help hunt down the evil man who planned the horrific attacks on the World Trade Federation , as well as the Octagon .
Advertisement
" We should really try to find him soon , or as soon as is realistic , given that he is so hard to find , " Lugar said .
" This is Oggie Ring Quabben we 're talking about after all . "
Afghan president Hamid Karzai , who recommended checking a few countries to the left , said that he also was dedicated to finding the terrorist leader .
Advertisement
" I do n't see Osama that often , " Karzai said .
" But next time I do , I 'll definitely let him know that our allies are looking for him . "
PSM activist Sivaranjani Manickam .
Photo by Alex Bainbridge .
By Simon Butler
January 22 , 2010 --
For decades , there was no socialist party of significance in Malaysia .
But in 2009 , the Socialist Party of Malaysia ( PSM ) made some impressive gains .
The party more than doubled in size and had members elected to state and national parliament for the first time .
PSM activist Sivaranjani Manickam attended the Socialist Alliance national conference , held in Sydney in early January , 2010 .
She told Green Left Weekly that the recent growth in support for the party helped force the Malaysian government to finally grant it legal recognition after a 10 - year battle .
“ In 2008 and 2009 there was a big change in the awareness of the people ” , Manickam said .
“ Unfortunately , we were not a registered party then . ”
Manickam said in the PSM ’s campaigning , it also demanded the government repeal repressive legislation to allow the PSM to be officially registered .
The campaign was ultimately successful : “ Now we are a registered party . ”
Because the PSM was not registered at the last elections , the party ’s candidates were forced to run under the banner of another opposition party .
But the PSM parliamentarians always identified publicly as socialists , said Manickam .
With elected members , the party “ consistently receives much more media for [ its ] issues ” .
The extra profile has led to a rush of new members .
The number of PSM branches grew from seven to 14 in 2009 .
The PSM takes a very different approach from the other political parties .
Parliamentary office is not seen as an end in itself , but as useful to the extent it strengthens the people ’s movement .
“ Our leaders do not just speak in parliament ” , Manickam said .
“ They campaign on the ground .
They say the only way to fully raise our issues is in the street . ”
The PSM ’s recent growth is especially remarkable given the high level of repression the Malaysian government has meted out to socialists and other radicals in past years .
Malaysian authorities have used the notorious Internal Security Act since the 1950s to detain activists without trial .
Countering racism
Countering racism is another big challenge .
Manickam explained the former British colonial rulers ’ policy was to inflame racial tensions between majority Malay population and the minority Indian and Chinese communities .
Since independence , succeeding Malaysian governments have used a similar “ divide and conquer ” strategy .
The government ’s policies breed resentment and distrust between the three ethnic groups .
In response , the PSM “ fights to raise the class issues ” , said Manickam .
“ We say the Chinese workers should stand up for the Malay workers , the Malay workers should stand up for Indians , and the Indian workers for Chinese .
We have to work to break the [ racial ] mentality , but that ’s not an easy thing to do . ”
When it was founded in 1998 , most PSM members were of Indian descent .
But recently the party has begun to recruit more Chinese and Malay members .
JERIT -- Oppressed People ’s Network
Manickam is also an activist with a broad - based Malaysian human rights group called the Oppressed People ’s Network ( JERIT ) .
Founded in 2002 , JERIT is unlike many of the other NGOs active in Malaysia .
Most NGOs focus on lobbying the government for progressive change , but JERIT aims to mobilise people at the grassroots to fight for their own interests .
The group ’s structure reflects its broad focus .
It includes sections for factory workers rights , service sector workers , indigenous rights , young people and the urban poor .
JERIT rose to national prominence in late 2008 , after a creative bicycle protest for workers ’ rights made headlines across the country .
Mancikam said a new campaign by JERIT aimed to raise the plight of those living in low - cost housing .
She said a major issue for poor families in such housing units was the excessive fees charged for building maintenance .
The private owners of the housing estates rarely spend the revenue on maintenance or upgrades .
In some places , those who do n’t pay the maintenance fee have their water supply cut off .
“ The core issue is that people cannot afford to pay ” , Manickam said .
JERIT is encouraging people to form their own action committees to organise against the unpopular fee .
“ Our main demand is either the government abolish the fee , or local governments take over the burden [ of paying ] . ”
Manickam said the campaign is in its early stages .
However , more than 10 action committees have already been formed .
JERIT plans to extend the campaign across the country , before launching a coordinated boycott of the fee .
Socialist party needed
Since the 2008 elections , in which opposition parties made important gains and won control of some states , these parties have often failed to implement promised reforms .
For Manickam , this underscored the importance of the PSM in Malaysian politics .
“ The PSM was formed as a socialist party to bring about the political changes ” , she said .
Although there is a long way to go , the PSM “ is growing in influence , especially among the working class ” .
[ This article first appeared in Green Left Weekly issue # 823 , January 27 , 2010 . ]
" Never in my life did I ever expect to ingest something called ' The Colonel 's Special Sauce , ' much less spend a morning trying to recreate it . "
By now , everyone knows what this is , right ?
It 's the new Double Down " sandwich " from KFC .
Two slices of bacon , two slices of cheese , and a big squirt of the " Colonel 's Special Sauce " sandwiched between two deep - fried chicken cutlets in lieu of bread .
Most people online seem to be in agreement , with Sam Sifton leading the charge :
This thing is gross .
Most of the panty - twisting revolves around its nutritional qualities .
But is it really that bad for you ?
After all , conceptually and nutritionally , it 's no different than a Chicken Cordon Bleu , right ?
Is there no room in our diet for fried chicken or bacon ?
To me , the grossness of this sandwich is the same as what 's gross about all fast food : convenience and quality .
It 's simply too easy to walk up to a window , hand over five bucks , and get 600 industrially produced calories prepared by a worker who could n't care less .
As a culinary concept , on the other hand , chicken , bacon , and cheese sounds pretty good to me .
So what if I were to recreate the Double Down with time and care using quality ingredients ?
How would it compare to the original ?
Find out , after the jump .
This morning , we did just that ( yes , I was up frying chicken before 8 a .m. ) .
Here are the results .
The Chicken
KFC 's Chicken cutlets are not bad as far as fast food goes .
They are clearly made from whole ( albeit grisly and slightly dry ) pieces of chicken breast , not ground and formed chicken meal .
The problem is the crust .
In the two sandwiches I had , it lacked crispness except around the very edges .
It also seemed to be adhered to the breast with some sort of industrial - strength food glue .
Finally , while the Colonel is proud of his secret 11 - herb - and - spice blend , it overwhelms not just the chicken but the bacon , sauce , and melted cheese , as well — not a minor feat !
To improve matters , I started with good , air - chilled chicken breasts , which I split in half horizontally into cutlets and soaked overnight in buttermilk seasoned with black pepper , fresh garlic , and paprika in order to help tenderize and flavor the meat .
I also added plenty of salt to the mix , turning the buttermilk into a brine , helping the chicken breast pieces retain more moisture as they cooked , ensuring juiciness .
Standard fried chicken breading will have you drop the buttermilk - soaked pieces into seasoned flour .
To get a bit of extra crispness , I worked a bit of extra buttermilk into the flour mixture with my fingertips before adding the chicken .
This creates little crisp nubs that stick to the exterior of the chicken for extra crunch .
I tried frying in lard and shortening , but they proved too heavy , leaving an offputting waxy coating on your tongue .
Peanut oil fared much better .
Since the chicken breast cutlets are so thin , I did n't even need to break out the deep fryer — they stayed submerged just fine in a 12 - inch skillet , making cleanup much more appealing .
I once had a chef who used to yell at cooks , " I do n't care if you 're cooking fried dogs * *t .
If it comes out of the fryer , you salt it the second it comes out ! "
He 's right :
Salt sticks much better when the food 's still hot and slightly greasy .
The Bacon
KFC 's bacon was by far the most disappointing part of the sandwich .
After digging through the cheese - mayo mixture with a pair of tweezers , I was finally able to locate the two floppy , anemic slices .
Even when tasting them on their own , it was tough to discern any particular pork flavor .
All I got was a vague hit of chemical smoke .
Blugh .
In order to stand up to the flavor of the chicken , I decided to go with thick - cut applewood - smoked bacon .
My normal go - to method is to lay the strips out on a sheet tray in the oven , but it makes collecting excess fat a little more difficult , and I had definite plans for that bacon fat .
Instead , I cooked the bacon ( two full slices cut in half per sandwich , plus three extra for my wife * ) in the skillet , reserving the fat to combine with my chicken - frying oil , rendering the chicken extra-crisp and flavorful .
The Cheese
KFC claims to use a slice of Monterey Jack and a slice of pepper Jack .
Though I did see vague flecks of green and red in the pepper Jack , I honestly could taste no difference between the two slices .
Not only that , but by the time the chicken had cooled sufficiently to eat , the cheese had solidified into a solid plastic sheath .
Not for me , thank you .
Instead of going with slices , I figured I 'd get better , more even coverage by applying a layer of grated pepper Jack directly to the fried chicken and melting it with a brief stay in the oven .
I did n't even both with two different cheese .
After all , pepper Jack is just Monterey Jack with hot peppers added to it .
Did the chefs at KFC really decide that two full slices of pepper Jack was just too spicy ?
Really ?
The Sauce
Never in my life did I ever expect to ingest something called " The Colonel 's Special Sauce , " much less spend a morning trying to recreate it .
Unlike the sweet and sour McDonald 's Special Sauce , the Colonel 's got a spicier background .
I did ask the employee at KFC what kind of sauce it was .
His response : " Special , " along with a smug " look - at - that - joke - I - just - made " smile on his face .
Clever .
Very clever .
In the end , I went with a mix of mayo , ketchup , fresh garlic , paprika , and a dash of Frank 's Red Hot sauce .
Exactly the same ?
No , but trust me — you do n't want your sauce to taste exactly the same as the Colonel's .
Assembly
There 's not much to the assembly .
I cooked the bacon , fried the chicken , melted the cheese , slathered the sauce , then put it all together .
Was it better than the original ?
How could it not be ?
The main advantages were that in the original , everything kind of melts into one salty , spicy , mealy bite , whereas with the homemade version , all the elements are of a high enough quality that they remain distinct , while still managing to come across as a harmonious whole .
Aside from the absurd portion size , I 'd happily make this for myself a couple of times a year .
And as luck would have it , I think I 've discovered a portion - size solution as well : The Double Down Junior .
Made from the tenderloins that I removed from the chicken breasts before cooking , each Double Down Junior is just the right size for a single strip of bacon , packs all of the flavor and excesses of its bigger brother , but can be consumed in two single bites .
How 's that for fast food ?
So what about you ?
If you could make or buy a higher quality version of this sandwich , would you be more likely to try it ?
* Who would leave me if I ever cooked bacon without making extra for her .
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
An Australian politician who opposes the lifting of a censorship ban on adults - only computer games has said he feels more threatened by gamers than outlawed motorcycle gangs .
South Australia 's Attorney - General Michael Atkinson , who has the right to veto the lifting of a national ban on computer games rated too violent and extreme for consumption , said he had received a threatening note from a gamer .
" I feel that my family and I are more at risk from gamers than we are from the outlaw motorcycle gangs who also hate me , " he told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation late Monday .
" The outlaw motorcycle gangs have n't been hanging around my doorstep at 2:00 am , a gamer has . "
Australia currently has a ban on adults - only , or R18 + , computer games although films with the same rating in terms of violence , strong language , nudity , drug use and adult themes are allowed .
( CNN ) -- Federal health authorities recommended Monday that doctors suspend using Rotarix , one of two vaccines licensed in the United States against rotavirus , saying the vaccine is contaminated with material from a pig virus .
" There is no evidence at this time that this material poses a safety risk , " Food and Drug Administration Commissioner Dr. Margaret Hamburg told reporters in a conference call .
Rotarix , made by GlaxoSmithKline , was approved by the FDA in 2008 .
The contaminant material is DNA from porcine circovirus 1 , a virus from pigs that is not known to cause disease in humans or animals , Hamburg said .
About 1 million children in the United States and about 30 million worldwide have gotten Rotarix vaccine , she said .
Rotavirus disease kills more than 500,000 infants around the world each year , primarily in low - and middle - income countries , she said .
Before rotavirus vaccine became available , the disease was blamed for more than 50,000 hospitalizations and several dozen deaths per year in the United States , she said .
The FDA learned about the contamination after an academic research team using a novel technique to look for viruses in a range of vaccines found the material in GlaxoSmithKline 's product and told the company , Hamburg said .
The drug maker confirmed its presence in both the cell bank and the seed from which the vaccine is derived , suggesting its presence from the early stages of vaccine development , she said .
The FDA then confirmed the drug maker 's findings .
GlaxoSmithKline emphasized Monday that the pig virus is not known to cause illness in humans , saying " it is found in everyday meat products and is frequently eaten with no resulting disease or illness . "
" No safety issue has been identified by external agencies or GSK , " Thomas Breuer , the drug maker 's chief medical officer , said in a written statement .
" GSK is committed to patient safety and to the highest manufacturing standards for all our vaccines and medicines .
We are already working closely and discussing this finding with regulatory agencies around the world . "
Another vaccine , RotaTeq , is made by Merck and was approved in 2006 .
There is no evidence that the Merck product is affected , Hamburg said .
Both vaccines are given by mouth to infants to prevent rotavirus disease , which is marked by severe diarrhea and dehydration .
Asked whether Merck would be able to meet the nation 's demand , Merck spokeswoman Pam Eisele said , " Obviously , we will work with the ... FDA to evaluate supply needs . "
In the next four to six weeks , the drug agency will convene an advisory committee to make recommendations and seek input on the use of new techniques for identifying viruses in vaccine , Hamburg said .
" We 're not pulling it from the market , we 're just suspending its use during this period while we 're collecting more information , " she said .
" It should not be in this vaccine product and we want to understand how it got there .
It 's not an easy call and we spent many long hours debating the pros and cons but , because we have an alternative product and because the background rates of this disease are not so severe in this country , we felt that the judicious thing to do was to take a pause , to really ask the critical questions about what this material was doing in the vaccine , how it got there . "
Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health , said " a substantial amount " of the DNA was found in the vaccine .
But , he stressed , " there is no evidence that it causes any disease .
...
There is no evidence that it ever does anything . "
The research group that discovered the contamination has asked not to be identified pending its paper 's publication in a scientific journal , Hamburg said .
Anyone who has already received a dose of Rotarix should switch to the Merck product for the next two doses , Hamburg said .
Preliminary testing of the Merck product has found no evidence of the porcine circovirus 1 DNA , she said .
Doctors should be able to tell parents which of the two products their children received , she said .
Hamburg stressed that the suspension applies only to the United States .
Public health officials in countries where the incidence of rotavirus is more severe may decide that the benefits of continuing to use the vaccine outweigh any concerns raised by the contamination , she said .
" Such a decision would be very understandable , " she added .
A similar virus , porcine circovirus 2 , also does not cause disease in humans , but it does cause disease in its pig host , Hamburg said .
Kurdish workers carted wood up Mt. Ararat in order to fake the discovery of Noah ’s Ark , an archeologist who worked on the dig says .
On Tuesday , a group of Asian Christian evangelicals held a press conference in Turkey to announce they were “ 99.9 per cent ” sure they ’d found the biblical boat .
The claim was greeted with immediate skepticism , which seems increasingly well founded .
The bible suggests that the ark came to rest after 150 days of flooding in the “ mountains of Ararat . ”
The mountain , located in Turkey near the border with Armenia , is an inhospitable place for both geographic and political reasons .
And even the translation is suspect .
The bible specifies that the landing spot is “ Urartu . ”
Over time Urartu became Ararat , a name that was given to the mountain long after the bible was written .
So it ’s not exactly clear where the bible ’s authors meant .
Thus , it ’s slightly suspect that the ark should show up exactly where we want it to be .
Nonetheless , Ararat has drawn a steady stream of explorers for decades .
Many of them have “ discovered ” the ark .
“ I do n’t know of any expedition that ever went looking for the ark and did n't find it , ” said archeologist Paul Zimansky recently told National Geographic .
Ditto Noah ’s Ark Ministries International .
The evangelical - archeological group claims to have found the remains of the ark in a series of caverns near the peak of Ararat in 2008 .
Video footage provided by the group shows incongruous wooden beams jutting through the ice in a cavern .
They also claim that carbon dating puts the age of the wooden beams discovered at 4,800 years old .
The scientific - creationist movement ( yes , such a thing exists ) has suggested that the entire radio - carbon dating process must be recalibrated .
This is their way of explaining how objects can be shown to be tens of thousands of years old on a planet they believe was created out of the void 6,000 years ago .
So even they doubt Noah ’s Ark Ministries , since in their time - compressed radio - carbon world , 4,800 years is far too young for the ark .
Now , someone within the Noah ’s Ark Ministries camp is rubbishing the discovery .
Randall Price , an evangelical Christian , was apparently one of the original archeologists hired by the group .
He has been circulating an email , alleging that the wooden beams were taken from a site near the Black Sea and then planted on Ararat .
Price has stopped talking about the incident , and is involved in some sort of financial dispute with Noah ’s Ark Ministries .
But he did acknowledge the email to the Christian Science Monitor .
For now , the doubters have no way of directly confronting the evidence .
The Noah ’s Ark Ministries team intends to keep the ark ’s purported location secret until they get it designated a UNESCO World Heritage site .
EXCLUSIVE
ABC has found more time to say goobye to " Lost . "
The network has decided to supersize its farewell to the iconic drama , expanding a previously announced one - hour pre-show to two full hours .
The special is now expected to air from 7 - 9 p.m. on Sunday , May 23 , right before the two - hour " Lost " finale .
Add in a special " Jimmy Kimmel Live " — " Lost : After the Final Rose " – airing that Sunday , and ABC is now planning to devote no less than five hours of airtime to the " Lost " swan song .
That ’s really showing some ( Dharma ) initiative !
Meanwhile , " America ’s Funniest Home Videos " will now have its finale a week earlier .
( Wonder if there ’ll be a cliffhanger ? )
From Bush v. Gore to Citizens United v. FEC : The Making of a Corporate Democracy , 2000 - 2010
A decade ago in Bush v. Gore , 1 five Justices on the United States Supreme Court intervened in the 2000 presidential election to halt the counting of more than 100,000 ballots in Florida , thus delivering the presidency to the preferred candidate of America ’s largest corporations –like Enron , Haliburton , Exxon - Mobil , Blackwater , AIG and Goldman Sachs .
These corporations proceeded to shape public policy in significant ways , promoting financial deregulation , privatization and the spread of corporate welfare , the contracting out of warfare , and the creation of what economist James Galbraith has called a “ predator state . ”
In 2010 , in Citizens United v. FEC , 2 a case that dealt originally with the question of whether the electioneering communications provisions of the McCain - Feingold Act apply to “ pay - per - view ” movies produced by not - for - profit entities , five Justices on the Court , including the two named by President Bush himself –
Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Samuel Alito–reached out to ask a question that had not been posed to them .
They then answered it , announcing that private businesses – including for - profit corporations – have a right to spend as much money as they want to elect or defeat candidates in political campaigns at all levels .
The decision reversed numerous Supreme Court precedents and toppled dozens of long - standing campaign finance laws at the federal and state level , clearing the field to permanently remake America ’s popular democracy into something like a “ corporate democracy . ”
Americans across the spectrum have been startled and appalled by the Citizens Uniteddecision , which will “ open the floodgates for special interests — including foreign companies — to spend without limit in our elections , ” as President Obama said in his 2010 State of the Union Address .
According to a Washington
Post nationwide poll , more than 80 % of the American people reject the Court ’s conclusion that a business corporation is a member of the political community entitled to the same free speech rights as citizens .
3
Yet , the Court ’s watershed ruling is the logical expression of an activist pro-corporatist jurisprudence that has been bubbling up for many decades on the Court but has gained tremendous momentum over the last generation .
Since the Rehnquist Court , there have been at least five justices — and sometimes more — who tilt hard to the right when it comes to a direct showdown between corporate power and the public interest .
During the Roberts Court , this trend has continued and intensified .
Although there is still some fluidity among the players , it is reasonable to think of a reliable “ corporate bloc ” as having emerged on the Court .
At the time of the 2000 presidential election , the late economist John Kenneth Galbraith likened the Rehnquist Court ’s imposition of its will on the American people to a corporate Board of Directors choosing a new CEO for a mass of passive shareholders .
Whereas Article II of the real Constitution provides that the president shall name Supreme Court justices with the advice and consent of the Senate , Galbraith saw that the unwritten bylaws of our country now apparently authorized the Supreme Court to name the president .
His comment , spoken half in jest , was not only a lucid predictive reading of what public policy would be like in the Bush - Cheney period , but a haunting insight about how the rule of law itself has been redefined by the Court majority ’s commitment to amplifying the corporate voice , reducing corporate liability , and expanding corporate power .
For more than a century , of course , the private business corporation has been a major force in our economy and society .
Because corporations are chartered by the states and interact continuously with government regulators , employees in the workplace , consumers and investors in the marketplace , and our land , air and water , they are frequently in court .
When they go to the Supreme Court as parties , sometimes they win , as surely they should , and sometimes they lose , which is also to be expected .
What is striking today , however , is how often the Roberts Court , like its predecessor the Rehnquist Court , hands down counter - intuitive 5 - 4 victories to corporations by ignoring clear precedents , twisting statutory language and distorting legislative intent .
From labor and workplace law to environmental law , from consumer regulation to tort law and the all - important election law , the conservative - tilting Court has reached out to enshrine and elevate the power of business corporations –what some people have begun to call “ corporate Americans ” –over the rights of the old - fashioned human beings called citizens .
With Chief Justice John Roberts and Justices Samuel Alito , Antonin Scalia , Clarence Thomas and Anthony Kennedy in the driver ’s seat today , the “ least dangerous ” branch of government now routinely runs over our laws and our politics to clear the road for corporate interests .
When it comes to political democracy and social progress , the Supreme Court today is the most dangerous branch .
The road back to strong democracy requires sustained attention to how the Court is thwarting justice and the rule of law in service of corporate litigants .
The American Workplace
Dirty Work : How the Court is Twisting Employment and Labor Law to Serve Corporate Wrongdoers
The Supreme Court has repeatedly trashed anti-discrimination law to let corporate wrongdoers off the hook .
Everyone remembers the infamous 5 - 4 ruling in Lilly Ledbetter ’s case , Ledbetter v. Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. ( 2007 ) 4 .
There , five justices ( Alito , Roberts , Scalia , Thomas and Kennedy ) held that , under Title VII , the female victim of decades of pay discrimination on the job who only learned of her biased treatment at the end of her career could not sue since the discrimination had begun more than 180 days before her court filing and the statute of limitations had therefore run .
The four dissenters argued in vain that , given that Ledbetter was unaware that she was being paid less than men on the job , each discriminatory paycheck renewed the cause of action and the 180 days should be measured from the point at which she first learned of the salary double standard .
The majority ’s outrageous ruling on behalf of the Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company caused a furor in the 2008 presidential election and helped produce a majority for electoral change .
One of President Obama ’s first acts in office was to sign the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act .
But Lilly Ledbetter and other workers in her situation were just more judicial roadkill along the highway in the majority ’s campaign to restrict , rewrite , and squash anti-discrimination law .
Just last Term , in AT&T v. Hulteen ( 2009 ) , 5 a a 7 - 2 majority produced a fitting sequel to the Ledbetter decision .
In that case , the Court reversed the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals , which had found that AT&T had discriminated in calculating the pension benefits of female workers by subtracting for pension purposes the time they had taken off for pregnancy while not subtracting the time taken off by workers using other forms of disability leave .
The majority reasoned that it was not against the law at the time to discount pregnancy leave — this was before Congress passed the Pregnancy Discrimination Act — and so the pay inequity followed from a “ bona fide ” pension plan .
Thus , corporations were permitted to discriminate because they discriminated before .
As Justice Ginsburg – one of the two dissenters – was quoted as saying in USA Today , the arguments in the case were “ for me , Ledbetter repeated . ”
6
Similarly , last year in Gross v. FBL Financial Services ( 2009 ) , 7 the majority knocked the wind out of the Age Discrimination in Employment
Act by ruling that age discrimination plaintiffs can no longer use the traditional “ mixed motive ” test from Title VII when bringing a case but must prove that age was the “ but for ” cause of their discriminatory treatment at the hands of an employer .
Here , the Court tortured out a sharp distinction in the meaning of identical language in similar anti-discrimination statutes and effectively created a patchwork of different approaches , reducing the effect of the ADEA and the coherence of civil rights law generally .
The Union Makes Them Strong , but the Supreme Court Makes Them Weak
The main charter for the rights of workers in America is the National Labor Relations Act ( 1935 ) , which makes it illegal to fire people for trying to organize a union .
Under the Act , the National Labor Relations Board ( NLRB ) has the power to require employers to reinstate workers who were fired for union activity and give them back pay for the period they were unfairly dismissed .
Yet , whenever the Board acts to enforce the rights of workers of this way , a corporate bloc on the Court often finds a way to reverse the Board ’s action and undermine this essential right for working people .
To take an egregious example out of a vast field , consider the Court ’s familiar 5 - 4 lineup in Hoffman Plastic Compounds v. NLRB ( 2002 ) 8 .
In this case , the corporate employer , Hoffman Plastic Compounds , Inc. , fired four employees who were participating in an organizing drive led by the United Rubber , Cork , Linoleum , and Plastic Workers of America , an AFL - CIO member union .
After investigating the dismissals , the Board determined that the firings were an unfair labor practice and ordered the company to offer reinstatement and back pay to the four workers .
The company initially accepted the discipline .
When it came time to pay up , the company argued that it should not have to compensate one of the workers , a blending machine operator named Jose Castro who was owed tens of thousands of dollars in back pay , because he was an undocumented alien .
However , the Board found that Hoffman Plastic knew Castro was undocumented and continued to employ him for a period of more than three years after it learned of his status .
The Board awarded Castro $ 66,951 in back pay , a sum that covered the period between the date of Castro ’s termination and the date three - and - a - half years before when the company learned of his immigration status .
The Board ruled that the award was necessary to satisfy both the remedial purpose of the statute and its deterrent purpose of keeping employers from hiring undocumented aliens to take advantage of their labor and then firing them if they join a union drive .
But Rehnquist , O’Connor , Scalia , Thomas and Kennedy cast aside deference to the NLRB ’s administrative decision and overthrew the statutory arguments of the U.S. Attorney General , who is the official actually charged with enforcing immigration law .
The majority simply threw Castro ’s back pay award out the window .
In trying to justify this remarkable victory for a corporate wrongdoer , Chief Justice Rehnquist cited other “ significant sanctions ” that Hoffman Plastic received , including — brace yourself now– an order “ that it conspicuously post a notice to employees setting forth their rights under the NLRA and detailing its prior unfair practices9 . ”
This extraordinary ruling directly thwarts the labor law policy against union - busting and the immigration law ’s policy that tries to deter American corporations from hiring undocumented workers .
As Justice Breyer wrote in dissent with Justices Stevens , Souter and Ginsburg , “ in the absence of the backpay weapon , employers could conclude that they can violate the labor laws at least once with impunity .
” 10 He went on to explain that there is no basis in the National Labor Relations
Act or in any immigration law for letting employers off the hook in a situation where they have violated both federal labor and immigration law .
Indeed , as Breyer observed , the Court had always recognized that “ the immigration law foresees application of the Nation ’s labor laws to protect ‘ workers who are illegal immigrants . ’” 11 If not , then corporate employers will have an incentive to continue hiring undocumented people illegally–an incentive that the corporate Court majority increased dramatically with its indefensible but characteristic opinion in Hoffman Plastic .
Downward pressure on the organizing and bargaining rights of American workers is constant on the Court .
Last Term in 14 Penn Plaza LLC v. Pyett ( 2009 ) 12 , five corporate - minded justices – Thomas , Roberts , Scalia , Kennedy and Alito–dealt a blow not only to Service Employees International Union members in New York but millions of workers across the country when they upheld compulsory arbitration claims provisions that clearly undermine statutory anti-discrimination protections .
Justice Thomas ’ opinion put into a straitjacket a Supreme Court precedent more than three decades old standing for the principle that a union cannot contractually waive its members ’ right to substantive workplace rights and protections guaranteed by federal law .
Justice Souter and Justice Stevens , in stinging dissents , castigated Justice Thomas and the majority for mangling precedent and undermining the rights of American workers .
But this is business - as - usual on the corporations ’
Court .
A Thoroughly Corporate Environment : Supreme Activists Are Fouling the Waters and Diluting the Rights of Plaintiffs
Exxon Shipping Co. v. Baker ( 2008 ) : Oil Spills and Punitive Damages
In 1989 , in one of the worst environmental accidents in history , a 900 - foot long Exxon supertanker called the Exxon Valdez , which was carrying over a million barrels of crude oil ( 53 million gallons ) grounded on a reef off of Alaska , releasing a toxic flood of oil into Prince William Sound , in the process destroying vast amounts of marine wildlife and the livelihood of many fishing communities and native Alaskans .
The accident took place when the tanker ’s captain , Captain John Hazelwood , a long - term alcoholic , suddenly and inexplicably left the bridge after speeding the tanker up , placing it on autopilot and leaving it in the hands of an inexperienced officer unlicensed to navigate that part of Prince William Sound .
The catastrophic crash ensued .
Before the Valdez left port that night , Captain Hazelwood , a long - time alcoholic , had “ downed at least five double vodkas in the waterfront bars of Valdez . ”
Exxon knew all about Captain Joseph Hazelwood ’s alcoholism .
He had completed part of an alcohol treatment program but dropped out of its concluding segment and had stopped going to Alcoholics Anonymous meetings .
Not only did he drink , according to the District Court , “ in bars , parking lots , apartments , airports , airplanes , restaurants , hotels , at various ports , and aboard Exxon tankers , ” but the District Court also heard testimony that he drank with Exxon officials and that Exxon managers knew that he had relapsed into his old drinking habits .
The jury awarded the plaintiff fishermen and nearby residents $ 287 million in compensatory damages and another $ 5 billion in punitive damages for Exxon ’s corporate recklessness .
After two remands and close study of the issue of punitive damages , the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals reduced the punitive damages award to $ 2.5 billion and described Exxon ’s conduct as “ egregious . ”
But even this pared - down judgment was way too much for Justices Roberts , Kennedy , Thomas , Souter and Scalia .
In 200813 , this bloc reduced the punitive damage award from $ 2.5 billion to $ 507.5 million .
Indeed , the only thing that stopped them from deleting the award altogether was that they were one vote short of being able to find that a corporation is not responsible for the reckless acts of its own managers acting in the scope of their employment14 .
What the 5 - justice majority found , over the objections of dissenting liberal justices who accused them of legislating from the bench , was that it would impose in maritime tort cases a 1 - 1 ratio between compensatory and punitive damages — a formula found nowhere in the statute and essentially pulled out of a hat made by a big corporation .
In dissent , Justice Stevens chastised the majority for interpreting the “ congressional choice not to limit the availability of punitive damages under maritime law ” as “ an invitation to make policy judgments on the basis of evidence in the public domain that Congress is better able to evaluate than is this Court15 . ”
But Exxon , which amazingly ended up making money on the spill because of the resulting increase in oil prices , got its way with a corporate - leaning Court and ended up paying punitive damages equal to a day or two of company profits .
Watering Down Environmental Protection : A Steady Drip
Although the facts of the Exxon oil spill case are unusually striking , the decision is typical indeed .
In the 2008 - 09 Term , for example , the majority reversed a decision that had been authored in the Second Circuit by then - Judge Sonia Sotomayor in order to find that the Environmental Protection Agency could dilute a Clean Water Act requirement that the electric power companies industry must use “ the best technology available for minimizing adverse environmental impact ” when taking water out of the nation ’s waterways for cooling .
The predictable majority –Scalia , Roberts , Kennedy , Thomas and Alito–in Entergy Corp. v. Riverkeeper , Inc. ( 2009 ) 16 , found that , in trying to determine the “ best technology ” for protecting fish , shellfish and other forms of aquatic life , the EPA could take into account the financial costs to the business — a ruling that twists the statute and constitutes a bounteous gift to the power companies .
Also last Term , in Coeur Alaska , Inc. v. Southeast Alaska Conservation Council ( 2009 ) 17 , the same corporate - tilting justices regrouped - with the addition of Breyer - to determine , under the Clean Water Act again , that a mining waste called “ slurry discharge ” could be poured directly into lakes by industry businesses holding a U.S. Army Corps of Engineers permit even though it is expressly prohibited by EPA rules .
Judicial Smokescreen : Corporations Prevail Over Consumers
It is hard to think of too many industries that concealed the truth about their product more aggressively , or misled the consuming public more deviously , than Big Tobacco did for decades .
So , to see how far judicial corporatism has gone , consider how conservatives swung into action three years ago to protect the profits of the Philip Morris corporation in a fraud case brought by a widow who lost her husband , a long - term three - pack - a - day smoker , to the ravages of lung cancer .
In Philip Morris USA v. Williams ( 2007 ) ,18 the Supreme Court reversed a $ 79.5 million punitive damage award handed down against the tobacco giant by a jury which had heard damning evidence of the company ’s massive disinformation campaign to suppress the truth about the health effects of smoking .
In a 5 - 4 decision ( with a few of the usual justices switching places ) , the majority ( Breyer , Roberts , Kennedy , Souter and Alito ) found that the Due Process Clause forbids as a consideration in a jury ’s calculation of punitive damages the harm that was caused to the consumer public beyond the actual named parties in the case .
This counter - intuitive decision negates the whole meaning of “ punitive ” damages which are meant precisely to punish and deter misconduct by tortfeasors who make themselves a threat to the general public health and safety .
This is a startling victory not for honest business but for those large corporations that inject dangerous products into the stream of commerce .
Philip Morris USA v. Williams is very much in line with the conservative bloc ’s efforts to straitjacket the rights of plaintiffs suing large corporations and parallels its treatment of plaintiffs against other powerful interests , as demonstrated by Ashcroft v. Iqbal ( 2009 ) 19 – a decision that imposes stiflingly difficult new pleading standards on plaintiffs generally seeking access to justice .
With every passing year , the courthouse door is getting harder and harder to open for ordinary human plaintiffs .
A Nation Divided Over Citizens United
As egregious as many of the Court ’s pro-corporate statutory decisions have been , its constitutional ruling in Citizens United elevates jurisprudential corporatism to an even higher plane with sweeping political implications at all levels .
It dramatically shifts the center of gravity in American democracy .
To collect a sense of the staggering implications of Citizens United , take Exxon - Mobil , whose political action committee ( PAC ) raised just under $ 1 million in the 2008 election cycle from executives and members of its board , a not insignificant sum of money that the PAC was able to invest in races across America .
( Of course , the company also has thick contingents of lobbyists , public relations personnel , and government relations specialists on hand too . )
This seems fair enough — the individuals who run the company have a right to give and participate in politics as citizens by putting their own money into a voluntary political fund .
But in the same year , Exxon - Mobil amassed profits of $ 85 billion .
Now , imagine that Citizens United was already the law and the company spent a modest 10 % of its profits in the 2008 elections – $ 8.5 billion — to elect its friends and defeat its enemies .
This would have been more than was spent by the Obama campaign , the McCain campaign , every U.S. House and Senate candidate and every state legislative candidate in the country combined .
That ’s one corporation .
Imagine what the Fortune 500 could unleash on us .
Would the public interest ever have a chance to prevail over the opposition of the pharmaceutical companies , the insurance companies , Big Oil , or what President Eisenhower called the “ military - industrial complex ” ?
In order to remake our politics in this way , the Supreme activists first had to completely redefine the question in the case .
The plaintiff organization , Citizens United , which had received business corporation contributions , sought a limited statutory holding that the McCain - Feingold “ electioneering communications ” provisions did not apply to a pay - per - view made - for - television movie which was made available for purchase to the public but not broadcast on the air like ordinary political commercials .
This was a perfectly reasonable request that would have allowed the conservative justices to get where they were going in the “ minimalist ” fashion they claim to prefer .
But , alas , it was not nearly enough for them .
After oral argument , they insisted that the parties go back and re-brief and reargue the entire case to focus on a sweeping question that had not been raised before : whether the Court ’s ruling in Austin v. Michigan Chamber of Commerce20 was wrong and private corporations enjoy the same constitutional rights as actual human beings in electoral politics .
Once this outburst of judicial activism reframed the case , five reliably pro-corporate justices ( Kennedy , Roberts , Scalia , Thomas and Alito ) proceeded to dishonor many decades of jurisprudence that had treated corporations not as citizens armed with political rights but as subordinate “ artificial entities ” chartered and regulated by the state for economic purposes and not endowed with the political rights of the people .
This was the working assumption of not only progressive justices but deeply conservative ones who were faithful to the text of the Constitution and not under the spell of corporate power .
Chief Justice John Marshall , the great hero of prior generations of judicial conservatives , wrote in the Dartmouth College21 case that : “ A corporation is an artificial being , invisible , intangible and existing only in contemplation of law .
Being the mere creature of law , it possesses only those properties which the charter of creation confers upon it . . . ” 22
In our time , Justice Byron
White pointed out that we endow private corporations with all kinds of legal benefits — ” limited liability , perpetual life , and the accumulation , distribution and taxation of assets ” — in order to “ strengthen the economy generally . ”
But a corporation thus endowed by the state is placed “ in a position to control vast amounts of economic power which may , if not regulated , dominate not only the economy but also the very heart of our democracy , the electoral process . ”
The state , he argued , has a compelling interest in “ preventing institutions which have been permitted to amass wealth as a result of special advantages extended by the State for certain economic purposes from using that wealth to acquire an unfair advantage in the political process . . . ” 23
Justice
White then delivered the key principle that ought to control our constitutional understanding of the corporation ’s political ambitions : “ The state need not permit its own creation to consume it . ”
Today , of course , this principle has been repudiated by the Roberts Court whose interpretation of the First Amendment means that the state must permit its own creation to consume it .24
The Roberts Court ’s constitutionalization of corporate political power puts it far to the right of traditional conservative jurisprudence , which was emphatically clear that corporations are “ artificial entities ” chartered for economic purposes , and thus not to be confused with political parties , social movements or membership organizations .
Consider the lucid views of Chief Justice William Rehnquist , who was of course no great friend on the Court to consumers , workers or the environment but at least never tried to invent constitutionally - anchored political rights for business corporations .
25
Rehnquist embraced Chief Justice Marshall ’s statement that a “ corporation is an artificial being , invisible , intangible , and existing only in contemplation of law , ” and aggressively questioned theories of the “ personhood ” of the corporation .
He wrote that he could not see why “ liberties of political expression ” are “ necessary to effectuate the purposes for which States permit commercial corporations to exist .
. . .
Indeed , the States might reasonably fear that the corporation would use its economic power to obtain further benefits beyond those already bestowed .
” 26
Rehnquist ’s common - sense views on the juridical status of the corporation have been jettisoned by the Roberts Court .
The “ conservatives ” have now bulldozed the wall of separation between corporate wealth and public elections .
It goes without saying that the people must act over time to rebuild the wall of separation that the Court has torn down .
In the meantime , it is imperative that the president nominate and the Senate confirm Justices who will place the first three words of the Constitution — ” We , the People ” — above the relentless juridical project to put corporations first .
Endnotes
How To Check Your Balls
How To Check Yourself For Lumps Down There ( In One Minute )
It seems most men are born with a keen awareness of their anatomy below the belt ( something that ’s furthered only by age and exploration ) .
But most doctors agree that guys should be taking even more solo action — namely by performing monthly self - checks for testicular cancer .
Not the kind of action you were thinking of , we know .
But if you ’re between the ages of 15 to 45 , it ’s worth checking things out once a month for your health ’s sake , says Ryan Berglund , M.D. , a urologist at the Cleveland Clinic
Here ’s why :
While testicular cancer is fairly rare — The American Cancer Society puts a man ’s lifetime risk at about 1 in 263 — young men from pre-pubescent age up through middle - aged are the most at risk .
The American Cancer Society also estimates that about half of all cases of testicular cancer are in men between the ages of 20 and 34 .
RELATED : So , What Exactly Is Scrotox ?
We Asked The Experts
Checks only take about a minute and the best place to do them is in the shower .
Here , everything ’s warm and your testicles are relaxed , hanging down , says Berglund .
( The opposite scenario would be what freezing cold hockey rinks do to them ; read :
Not prime time for assessing irregularities . )
To get started , cradle one of your balls and roll it between your thumb and fingers firmly but gently .
You ’re feeling for any hard masses inside the testicles themselves .
That ’s an important distinction , notes Berglund , who says the biggest misconception about testicular cancer is that these masses grow on the outside of the testicles ( they do n’t ) .
“ These masses originate from inside the testicle , ” he points out .
They can also be big or small , he notes — from the size of a pea to that of a marble or even much bigger .
( A little anatomy also worth mentioning : Both testicles do have a small coiled tube called the epididymis at the back , which can sometimes feel like a small bump .
That ’s nothing to be worried about . )
But there are other signs to keep an eye out for , too — a big one being one testicle that seems to be suddenly larger than the other .
Since it ’s normal to have two different - sized balls ( or one that hangs lower than the other ) , look for a change over time , suggests says Mark Preston , M.D. , a urologic surgeon at Brigham and Women 's Hospital in Boston , MA .
He ’s seen guys with testicular cancer come in with one testicle the size of a grapefruit .
“ Testicular cancer grows quickly , ” he notes .
The change could be a doubling in the size of the mass over the course of a month .
RELATED : Here 's How You Keep Your Prostate Healthy
Remember this , too : “ Testicular pain is not a leading symptom of testicular cancer , ” says Berglund .
“ There are cases where there is pain — but pain is usually a sign of an infection . ”
Find a painful bump - in - question ?
Beyond testicular cancer , it could be a cyst , an infection , or even varicocele , swollen varicose veins in your testicles , says Preston .
But play it safe .
“ Most lumps , bumps , and irregularities are not cancerous , but they ’re something worth paying attention to and seeking attention for , ” says Preston .
“ The issue with a lot of these guys who are getting testicular cancer is that they ’re ignoring it — it ’s not like they have n't felt the lump . ”
If you feel one , call your doctor .
Bergland notes that a physician will examine your testicles and also order a testicular ultrasound ( a non-invasive test in which a probe runs over the testicles to see inside the mass ) .
If you wind up with a diagnosis , treatment can range from removal of the affected testicle to radiation or chemotherapy if it ’s spread .
RELATED : What You Need To Know About Testosterone Boosters
Fortunately , testicular cancer is highly - treatable and curable ( the risk of dying from the cancer is about 1 in 5,000 and five - year survival rates — many of which include being cured– float in the 95 to 99 percent range ) .
But a lot of that comes down to catching the disease early and — because you reach down there more than anyone else — your one - minute self - checks .
Videos : Dan Radcliffe talks
The Trevor Project & his involvement A new interview with Daniel Radcliffe recorded by the
aplive on livestream.com .
Broadcast Live Free
• From The Trevor Project center , Dan spoke about growing up with bullying , and meeting and getting along with the gay community of New York last year while doing Equus on Broadway .
• Dan participated in a PSA for The Trevor Project , stating that all he mentions is that it is a hotline for the LGBTQ community .
UPDATE : Dan spoke to
Movie Trailers - Movies Blog
Quote : " It 's something I 've always been quite passionate about , " Radcliffe explained .
" Because I grew up around gay men , it was always a natural thing to me .
It was never something I ever gave a second thought to . "
Quote : " Some are gay , some are straight — did n't make any difference to me , " Radcliffe said of his own personal upbringing , which unfortunately is n't always the case .
" When I went to my second school , I heard terms like ' poof ' and ' hom - ' getting thrown around .
It never occurred to me that some people might have a problem with it . "
Quote : " I remember being quite shocked when I was young , " Radcliffe remembered of his early encounters with homophobia .
" And now I am in a position where I can help an amazing thing like The Trevor Project . "
A new interview with Daniel Radcliffe recorded by the Associated Press earlier this week will be streamed in a matter of minutes .
During it , Dan is expected to talk about his participation with The Trevor Project .
We will be updating this post with highlights from the interview . •
From The Trevor Project center , Dan spoke about growing up with bullying , and meeting and getting along with the gay community of New York last year while doing Equus on Broadway . •
Dan participated in a PSA for The Trevor Project , stating that all he mentions is that it is a hotline for the LGBTQ community .
Dan spoke to MTV as well about the Trevor Project earlier today and what he hopes it will achieve .
The video can be seen below to those in the US .
Tweet
Back in September , you may recall I showed you some clips from a movie about a crazy German scientist stitching some people into a " human centipede " with a single digestive track .
If you looked at that post , you may better remember the concept as the prominent feature in all your nightmares since September , 2009 .
If you missed that one , the crude , projected drawing above should give you the gist of the image that , seven months ago , gave proof of the theoretical fucked - up level always thought to exist beyond WTF .
Well , now there 's a trailer .
I can't really recommend it , because that 's like recommending puking , but still , you should probably indulge your morbid curiosity :
At least he makes those cute little dry - erase drawings showing what he 's going to do to them .
If I 'm going to go out as a human centipede , I want to go out as a human centipede in a fucked up high school anatomy class .
The Weather Channel has released a pretty big update / overhaul for their Android app today .
The most noticeable changes come in the user interface , which received updated graphics and the addition of custom tabs for different locations .
A new widget comes in several sizes , and multiple widgets can be set each to a different location .
Other enhancements include “ Did you know ? ” weather facts and TruPoint Nowcasts for up to the minute weather data .
Backend enhancements improve battery life , help with location accuracy , and decrease load times .
I must admit I have n’t checked out The Weather Channel app since last year , having uninstalled it long ago due to an ugly interface and no real benefits over other weather apps .
Recently I have been using the Android 2.1 News and Weather widget , but this version of the Weather Channel ’s app shows some promise .
What do you all think ?
You can snap the QR code to grab the app from the Android Market now :
( CNN ) --
A man apparently angry over a poor performance evaluation entered an Ohio State University maintenance building early Tuesday and opened fire , killing a manager before turning the gun on himself , police said .
Larry Wallington , 48 , a building services manager at the OSU Maintenance Building , was pronounced dead at the scene of the 3:30 a.m. ET shooting , Ohio State University Police Chief Paul Denton said .
Wallington was a 10 - year university employee , he said .
Authorities found suspect Nathaniel Brown , 51 , a custodial worker , suffering from a self - inflicted gunshot at the scene , Denton said .
He was transported to the Ohio State University Medical Center , where he was dead on arrival .
Police believe Brown -- a probational employee since October who had received a poor performance review -- entered the building dressed in dark clothing carrying two handguns and began firing into an office suite , Denton said .
Officials would not say when Brown received the review , who gave it to him or provide further details , citing the ongoing investigation .
A third person , Henry Butler , 60 , an operations shift leader , also was shot .
He was in stable condition at the OSU Medical Center , Denton said .
Police earlier Tuesday had said that two people were wounded and one killed and that the alleged shooter was in custody .
About a half - dozen employees were at the building when the shooting occurred , and some witnessed it , authorities said .
Ohio State 's
Web site said the building where the shooting occurred was secured , and some traffic restrictions remained in place Tuesday morning .
" The university continues normal operations , " the school said .
" Classes will be held and normal work schedules are in effect . "
E -mail alerts were sent to students warning them about the shooting , the university said .
The shooting comes after the university issued e-mail alerts last week about two alleged sexual assaults and an attempted assault on campus , Ohio State 's student newspaper reported .
The student newspaper , The Lantern , published an article Sunday saying that students were questioning the effectiveness of such e-mail alerts after three serious crimes last week .
Students are allowed to choose if they want to receive the e-mail alerts .
On the campus of 50,000 - plus students , a little more than 2,600 people receive the e-mails , police told the student paper .
A university committee was scheduled to meet this week to determine if changes needed to be made to the notification system , The Lantern reported .
CNN 's Leslie Tripp contributed to this report .
We 've all seen the studies trumpeting massive losses to the US economy from piracy .
One famous figure , used literally for decades by rightsholders and the government , said that 750,000 jobs and up to $ 250 billion a year could be lost in the US economy thanks to IP infringement .
A couple years ago , we thoroughly debunked that figure .
For years , Business Software Alliance reports on software piracy assumed that each illicit copy was a lost sale .
And the MPAA 's own commissioned study on movie piracy turned out to overstate collegiate downloading by a factor of three .
Can we trust any of these claims about piracy ?
The US does n't think so .
In a new report out yesterday , the government 's own internal watchdog took a close look at " efforts to quantify the economic effects of counterfeit and pirated goods . "
After examining all the data and consulting with numerous experts inside and outside of government , the Government Accountability Office concluded ( PDF ) that it is " difficult , if not impossible , to quantify the economy - wide impacts . "
More specific studies that focus only on single industries do n't fare much better because " the illicit nature of counterfeiting and piracy makes estimating the economic impact of IP infringements extremely difficult . "
And when it comes time to choose a substitution rate ( how much of the infringing activity should be counted as a lost sale ) , we 're left only with " assumptions ... which can have enormous impacts on the resulting estimates . "
The GAO then went on to slam three particular reports often linked to the government .
They 're all commonly cited , they 're all bogus , and at least one is still being used officially .
Three commonly cited estimates of U.S. industry losses due to counterfeiting have been sourced to U.S. agencies , but cannot be substantiated or traced back to an underlying data source or methodology .
First , a number of industry , media , and government publications have cited an FBI estimate that U.S. businesses lose $ 200 - $ 250 billion to counterfeiting on an annual basis .
This estimate was contained in a 2002 FBI press release , but FBI officials told us that it has no record of source data or methodology for generating the estimate and that it cannot be corroborated .
Second , a 2002 CBP press release contained an estimate that U.S. businesses and industries lose $ 200 billion a year in revenue and 750,000 jobs due to counterfeits of merchandise .
However , a CBP official stated that these figures are of uncertain origin , have been discredited , and are no longer used by CBP .
A March 2009 CBP internal memo was circulated to inform staff not to use the figures .
However , another entity within DHS continues to use them .
Third , the Motor and Equipment Manufacturers Association reported an estimate that the U.S. automotive parts industry has lost $ 3 billion in sales due to counterfeit goods and attributed the figure to the Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) .
The OECD has also referenced this estimate in its report on counterfeiting and piracy , citing the association report that is sourced to the FTC .
However , when we contacted FTC officials to substantiate the estimate , they were unable to locate any record or source of this estimate within its reports or archives , and officials could not recall the agency ever developing or using this estimate .
These estimates attributed to FBI , CBP , and FTC continue to be referenced by various industry and government sources as evidence of the significance of the counterfeiting and piracy problem to the U.S. economy .
The GAO then sets its sights on several private industry reports .
The Business Software Alliance claimed a loss of $ 9 billion to piracy in 2008 , but its study " uses assumptions that have raised concerns among experts we interviewed , including the assumption of a one - to - one rate of substitution and questions on how the results from the surveyed countries are extrapolated to non-surveyed countries . "
Next up was the MPAA , which has already publicly taken its lumps for that flawed 2005 survey we mentioned above .
But even when you set aside the mistaken initial conclusion about collegiate downloading , the study still should n't be used by lawmakers ; it 's a black box .
" It is difficult , based on the information provided in the study , to determine how the authors handled key assumptions such as substitution rates and extrapolation from the survey sample to the broader population , " says the GAO .
More than they bargained for
Why is the government even looking into this issue ?
It 's all due to the PRO - IP Act , which passed under President Bush and has led President Obama to appoint an Intellectual Property Enforcement Coordinator within the White House .
Part of the IPEC 's duties include gathering data on piracy and counterfeiting , and current IPEC Victoria Espinel is now rounding up that data .
The GAO report is part of this process , and it certainly does n't make industry estimates look compelling .
This is ironic for a bill that was backed by the big rightsholders ; even its acronym , the PRO - IP Act , shows what it was supposed to do .
But , by hauling the black art of " piracy surveys " into the light , the PRO - IP
Act is forcing rightsholders to tone down some of their more specific and alarmist rhetoric .
The RIAA , MPAA and others have already asked Espinel to make Internet piracy her principal focus in order to " push back the tide of copyright theft . "
What about all that data Espinel asked for , including detailed methodologies ?
The content industries basically punted , pointing to three surveys done by a single guy , Stephen Siwek of the Institute for Policy Innovation .
GAO looked specifically at Siwek 's work , all of which seeks to model effects of piracy on the entire US economy .
The government concluded that " most of the experts we interviewed " were reluctant to embrace Siwek 's methodology ; his approach comes from the Commerce Department , but it simply was n't designed to measure what 's being measured here .
For instance , these studies ignore the obvious points that pirating goods leaves consumers with more disposable income , which is likely spent elsewhere in the economy .
Effects on the economy as a whole , then , are terribly speculative and seem more likely to be simply redistributive .
None of this is to say that piracy and counterfeiting are n't real problems .
The GAO accepts that the problem is " sizeable , " but it also points out just how much bad data is used to produce these studies .
Actual dollar figures and job loss numbers should be handled with extreme care and a good bit of skepticism ; the GAO also noted that numerous experts told it that " there were positive effects [ from piracy on the economy ] and they should be assessed as well . "
This is a helpful , level - headed review from the GAO , one that ( hopefully ) brings some of the debates over digital infringement into saner territory .
Enlarge By Paul Sakuma , AP A Supreme Court case concerning violence in video games could affect California stores such as the GameStop store in Redwood City .
WASHINGTON  Taking up a new First Amendment test of disturbing images , the Supreme Court agreed Monday to hear California 's appeal of a decision that struck down a state law prohibiting the sale or rental of violent video games to minors .
The justices ' decision to accept the case , which will be heard in the term that begins next fall , comes a week after the justices threw out a federal law that swept too broadly in banning depictions of animal cruelty .
The court by an 8 - 1 vote rejected arguments by the federal government that it could carve out a new exception to the First Amendment — as exists for obscenity — for images of animal cruelty , such as dogfighting .
In the new dispute , Schwarzenegger v. Video Software Dealers Association , California officials urge the justices to create an exemption for a class of violent videos that appeals " to the deviant or morbid interest and has no socially redeeming value for minors . "
CASE LOG : Major cases facing the Supreme Court FULL COVERAGE : Latest from the Supreme Court Led by Attorney General Jerry Brown , state officials say studies point to " growing evidence that these games harm minors . "
Paul Smith , a lawyer who represents associations of companies that create and sell videos , disputed the danger of the games and termed them " a modern form of artistic expression .
Like motion pictures and television programs , video games tell stories and entertain audiences . "
The 2005 law , challenged by the Video Software Dealers Association and Entertainment Software Association , bars the sale or rental of " violent " video games to minors and calls for fines of up to $ 1,000 .
The law defines a violent game as one that depicts " killing , maiming , dismembering or sexually assaulting an image of a human being " in a way that appeals to a deviant interest of minors and lacks " serious literary , artistic , political or scientific value . "
As an example of a game the law might cover , California officials cited one in which " girls attacked with a shovel will beg for mercy ; the player can be merciless and decapitate them . "
A federal appeals court ruled last year that the California law was too broadly written and that state lawyers had failed to justify any First Amendment exception for video games .
The appeals court questioned the connection to psychological harm to youths and said , " Even if the state had a compelling interest in preventing psychological or neurological harm allegedly caused … by violent video games , the law was not narrowly tailored to further that interest . "
In its appeal , California argues that " excessively violent material is no more worthy of First Amendment protection than sexual material " when children are involved .
The state 's argument relies largely on a 1968 case , Ginsberg v. New York , that upheld restrictions on the sale of sexual material to minors .
Smith had countered that the obscenity exception to the First Amendment has long been confined to sexually explicit , not violent , materials .
Regarding video games generally , Smith said , " Like great literature , games often involve themes such as good vs. evil , triumph over adversity , struggle against corrupt powers and quest for adventure .
David Hudson , a lawyer at the First Amendment Center at Vanderbilt University , said the case " gives the court a pristine opportunity to explain whether the ' harmful to minors ' standard applies outside of sex and into violence . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
by Greg Mayer
Today ’s issue of Science contains a news article ( first pointed out to me by Matthew ) about a clumsy ( and now failed ) attempt by the US ’s National Science Board ( NSB ) to suppress a finding by a National Science Foundation ( NSF ) survey that Americans ’ knowledge of evolution and cosmology remains poor , and well behind that of European and east Asian industrial nations .
I am shocked and disconcerted that the NSB , the governing board of the NSF and official science advisers to the president and Congres , would do this .
( Update below . )
Every two years , the NSF issues a report on “ a broad base of quantitative information on the U.S. and international science and engineering enterprise ” , entitled Science and Engineering Indicators .
Since 1983 , the NSF has conducted a national survey of scientific knowledge , the results of which have been included in the report .
Until now .
NSB members John Bruer , a philosopher at the James McDonnell Foundation of St. Louis , and Louis Lanzerotti , an astrophysicist at the New Jersey Institute of Technology , successfully prevailed upon the NSB to remove the survey results related to questions on evolution and the big bang .
While Bruer has no evident expertise in ( or concern for ) evolution or cosmology , Lanzerotti spent most of his career at Bell Labs , whose most signal contribution to science has been the discovery of the cosmic background radiation by Arno Penzias and Robert Wilson , which is the key empirical evidence for the big bang .
The irony– it burns .
The last two editions of the report contained sections on “ More Than a Century After Darwin , Evolution Still Under Attack in Schools ” ( 2006 ) and “ Evolution and the Schools ” ( 2008 ) .
The equivalent section and accompanying discussion , included in the 2010 report by the report ’s authors , were removed by the NSB .
Fortunately , the authors , and even the White House ( to whom the report was submitted ) objected .
The report was not revised in light of these objections , but Science obtained the deleted text , and thus the attempted suppression failed .
Here ’s Science ‘s summary .
Science has obtained a copy of the deleted text , which does not differ substantially from what has appeared in previous Indicators .
The two questions ( see graphic ) have been part of an NSF - funded survey on scientific understanding and attitudes toward science since 1983 .
The deleted section notes that the 45 % of Americans who answered “ true ” to the statement : “ Human beings , as we know them today , developed from earlier species of animals ” is similar to the percentage in previous years and much lower than in Japan ( 78 % ) , Europe ( 70 % ) , China ( 69 % ) , and South Korea ( 64 % ) .
A similar gap exists for the response to the statement : “ The universe began with a big explosion , ” with which only 33 % of Americans agreed .
Leaving evolution and the big bang out of a discussion of American scientific literacy and attitudes toward science ( especially after the authors of the discussion included them ) is mind boggling .
These are two of the key issues in the scientific literacy problem in the United States , and one could easily argue they are the issues in scientific illiteracy .
Science spoke with Josh Rosenau of the National Center for Science Education , who said that , “ Discussing American science literacy without mentioning evolution is intellectual malpractice . ”
Jon Miller of Michigan State , who had conducted the NSF survey in prior years , told Science that “ Evolution and the big bang are not a matter of opinion …
If a person says that the earth really is at the center of the universe , … how in the world would you call that person scientifically literate ? ”
Science ‘s final take , quoting Miller again , was
Miller believes that removing the entire section was a clumsy attempt to hide a national embarrassment .
“ Nobody likes our infant death rate , ” he says by way of comparison , “ but it does n’t go away if you quit talking about it . ”
Amen to that .
Here ’s some of the text of the 2008 report on evolution and the big bang ; the full text of the report can be found here .
Evolution and the “ Big Bang ”
In international comparisons , U.S. scores on two science knowledge questions are significantly lower than those in almost all other countries where the questions have been asked .
Americans were less likely to answer true to the following scientific knowledge questions : “ human beings , as we know them today , developed from earlier species of animals ” and “ the universe began with a huge explosion . ”
In the United States , 43 % of GSS respondents answered true to the first question in 2006 , about the same percentage as in every year ( except one ) that the question has been asked .
In other countries and in Europe , the comparable figures were substantially larger : 78 % in Japan , 70 % in China and Europe , and more than 60 % in South Korea .
Only in Russia did less than half of respondents ( 44 % ) answer true .
Among the individual countries covered in the 2005 Eurobarometer survey , only Turkey ’s percentage answering true to this question was lower than the U.S. percentage ( Miller , Scott , and Okamoto 2006 ) .
Similarly , Americans were less likely than other survey respondents ( except the Chinese ) to answer true to the big bang question .
In the most recent surveys , less than 40 % of Americans answered this question correctly compared with over 60 % of Japanese and South Korean survey respondents .
Americans ’ responses to questions about evolution and the big bang appear to reflect factors beyond unfamiliarity with basic elements of science .
The 2004 Michigan Survey of Consumer Attitudes administered two different versions of these questions to different groups of respondents .
Some were asked questions that tested knowledge about the natural world ( “ human beings , as we know them today , developed from earlier species of animals ” and “ the universe began with a big explosion ” ) .
Others were asked questions that tested knowledge about what a scientific theory asserts or a group of scientists believes ( “ according to the theory of evolution , human beings , as we know them today , developed from earlier species of animals ” and “ according to astronomers , the universe began with a big explosion ” ) .
Respondents were much more likely to answer correctly if the question was framed as being about scientific theories or ideas rather than as about the natural world .
When the question about evolution was prefaced by “ according to the theory of evolution , ” 74 % answered true ; only 42 % answered true when it was not .
Similarly , 62 % agreed with the prefaced question about the big bang , but only 33 % agreed when the prefatory phrase was omitted .
These differences probably indicate that many Americans hold religious beliefs that cause them to be skeptical of established scientific ideas , even when they have some basic familiarity with those ideas .
Surveys conducted by the Gallup Organization provide similar evidence .
An ongoing Gallup survey , conducted most recently in 2004 , found that only about a third of Americans agreed that Darwin ’s theory of evolution has been well supported by evidence ( Newport 2004 ) .
The same percentage agreed with the alternative statement that Darwin ’s theory was not supported by the evidence , and an additional 29 % said they did n’t know enough to say .
Data from 2001 were similar .
Those agreeing with the first statement were more likely to be men ( 42 % ) , have more years of education ( 65 % of those with postgraduate education and 52 % of those with a bachelor ’s degree ) , and live in the West ( 47 % ) or East ( 42 % ) .
In response to another group of questions on evolution asked by Gallup in 2004 , about half ( 49 % ) of those surveyed agreed with either of two statements compatible with evolution : that human beings developed over millions of years either with or without God ’s guidance in the process .
However , 46 % agreed with a third statement , that “ God created human beings pretty much in their present form at one time within the last 10,000 years or so . ”
These views on the origin of human beings have remained virtually unchanged ( in seven surveys ) since the questions were first asked in 1982 ( Newport 2006 ) .
For almost a century , whether and how evolution should be taught in U.S. public school classrooms has been a frequent source of controversy ( see sidebar , “ Evolution and the Schools “ ) .
The role of alternative perspectives on human origins , including creationism and intelligent design , and their relevance to the teaching of science , has likewise been contentious .
When Gallup asked survey respondents in 2005 whether they thought each of three “ explanations about the origin and development of life on earth ( evolution , creationism , and intelligent design ) should or should not be taught in public school science classes ” or whether they were “ unsure , ” for each explanation more Americans chose “ should ” than chose either of the other alternatives ( table 7 - 6 ) .
In other developed countries , controversies about evolution in the schools have also occurred , but more rarely .
However , signs of opposition to the theory of evolution are emerging in Europe ( Nature 2006 ) .
UPDATE .
In a different version of the Science news article posted on Science ’s website , but not published in today ’s issue , Bruer gives a response to Science that indicates he may harbor creationist sympathies :
When Science asked Bruer if individuals who did not accept evolution or the big bang to be true could be described as scientifically literate , he said : “ There are many biologists and philosophers of science who are highly scientifically literate who question certain aspects of the theory of evolution , ” adding that such questioning has led to improved understanding of evolutionary theory .
When asked if he expected those academics to answer “ false ” to the statement about humans having evolved from earlier species , Bruer said : “ On that particular point , no . ”
( H/t to readers Articulett and Deen for pointing to this version . )
UPDATE II .
Josh Rosenau , who was quoted above in the Science news article , provides some further details on the affair at his blog , Thoughts From Kansas .
This is a brain scan showing electrodes that surgeons use to find and remove the source of seizures ( to cure epilepsy ) while sparing the source of mental functions like language .
In just 600 milliseconds , the human brain can think of a word , apply the rules of grammar to it and send it to the mouth to be spoken .
For the first time , researchers have traced this lightning - fast sequence and broken it down into distinct steps .
Researchers got this rare glimpse into the fine - tuned workings of the brain from the signals sent by electrodes implanted in the brains of epileptics .
The electrodes help surgeons locate the parts of the brain that cause epileptic seizures so they can be removed , and also help keep surgeons from removing critical parts of the brain
" If you go a few millimeters to the right or left , you might delete their piano lessons or language ability , and that would be sorely missed , " said Ned Sahin of Harvard University , one of the researchers who studied the language network .
Because the electrodes are already monitoring language ability in these patients , Sahin and his colleagues can conduct simple language experiments with willing participants and see language processing in real time ; essentially , the electrodes offer a more fine - grained look at neural processes than other traditional brain - monitoring technologies , such as MRIs .
The language center
The main brain region Sahin and his colleagues looked at is called the Broca 's area , located in the cerebral cortex .
This region was discovered to be involved in language processing by the French physician Pierre Paul Broca in 1865 .
But beyond knowing that the area is important to language production , " we still have been troublingly unable to pin it down , " Sahin said .
Whether or not the steps of the language production process happen in parallel or sequentially has been one particularly puzzling question about the brain .
The new electrode study , detailed in the Oct. 16 issue of the journal Science , has set scientists one step closer to understanding the steps of language production in the brain , specifically word recall , the application of grammar ( changing tense or number ) , and actually speaking the word .
By monitoring the brains of three patients while they performed a simple language task ( looking at a word , then either using it in a sentence as is or changing its tense or number , and finally articulating it silently ) , Sahin and his colleagues found three distinct periods of activity in Broca 's area at 200 milliseconds ( after first being presented with the word ) , 320 milliseconds and 450 milliseconds .
These three spikes corresponded to the three basic components of language : words , grammar and phonology ( the organization of sound ) .
All three also fit within the roughly 600 milliseconds required for the onset of speech .
Distinct steps
The finding shows that Broca 's area is involved in all three of these language production steps and shows that they happen at distinct points in time , not all at once in parallel , Sahin said .
While the research answers some questions about how the brain generates language , " this is just one piece in the puzzle , " Sahin told LiveScience .
It will take more study to further detail all the points of language in the brain : when they occur and what parts of the brain they happen in .
But the finding " may be the nail in the coffin " for one persistent , though long - discredited theory that Broca 's area processes the speech part of language , while another area of the brain , called the Werneke 's area , processes reading and learning words .
" It 's not so simple as Broca 's speaks and Werneke 's listens , " Sahin said .
Funding for the study came from the National Institutes of Health , the Mental Illness and Neuroscience Discovery Institute at Harvard , the Weill Medical College of Cornell University and the Harvard Mind / Brain / Behavior Initiative .
This page is about the game itself .
For an overview of Fallout : New Vegas - related articles , see Portal : Fallout : New Vegas .
“ Enjoy your stay . ”
Fallout : New Vegas is a post apocalyptic role - playing video game developed by Obsidian Entertainment and published by Bethesda Softworks .
While New Vegas is not a direct sequel , it uses the same engine and style as Fallout 3 .
It is the fourth major installment in the Fallout series ( sixth overall ) .
It was developed by a few of the employees who worked on previous Fallout games at Black Isle Studios , along with a larger number of new employees .
It is set primarily in a post - apocalyptic Nevada , although some areas of California , Arizona and Utah are also visited .
The game was released on October 19 , 2010 , in North America , October 22 , 2010 , in Europe , and November 4 , 2010 , in Asia .
It is available on the PC , Xbox 360 , and PlayStation 3 .
It was released on Backwards Compatibility for Xbox One on June 23 , 2016 .
Contents show ]
Development history
Discussions for New Vegas began between Obsidian and Bethesda in 2008 / '09 .
They knew the game would n't be a " Fallout 4 , " and it was referred to as " Fallout 3.5 " within Obsidian .
It was specifically designed to be more of an expansion rather than a sequel ; Obsidian , however , saw the project as akin to the Grand Theft Auto titles Vice City and San Andreas - not numbered entries , but full games in their own right .
As Bethesda " had dibs " on the U.S. East Coast , Obsidian set the game in the American West .
Obsidian submitted a three - page pitch to Bethesda for the project , which they named " Fallout : Sin City . "
The game was later renamed to " New Vegas . "
The game was originally slated to have three playable races - human , ghoul , and super mutant .
This idea was abandoned due to issues with the engine , specifically with how the weapons and armor would work .
[ 1 ]
Joshua Sawyer described the development process as having used " sprint overtime , " though he does not consider it crunch time . [ 2 ]
The game was announced on April 20 , 2009 , at Bethesda 's London showcase .
[ 3 ]
The first official information was released in the February 2010 issue of PC Gamer .
A cinematic teaser trailer and a gameplay trailer was released .
The game spent a total of 18 months in development . [ 4 ]
Story and setting
Setting
The game is set in and around a post - apocalyptic retro-futuristic Las Vegas , following the Great War between the U.S. and China , as a conventional and nuclear war that occurred on October 23 , 2077 .
It lasted less than two hours and caused immense damage and destruction .
Before the Great War , the Resource Wars took place , during which the United Nations disbanded , a plague rendered the United States paranoid , and Canada was annexed .
Thanks to Robert House , the city of Las Vegas itself was n't hit as hard as most of the other districts , with most buildings left intact .
The Hoover Dam supplies free electricity and water to those who control it .
Story
The story has taken some parts from the Fallout and Fallout 2 stories , and is for the most part unrelated to its predecessor , Fallout 3 .
Fallout : New Vegas takes place in 2281 , four years after the events of Fallout 3 , 40 years after Fallout 2 , 120 after Fallout and six years before the events of Fallout 4 .
The New California Republic plays a major part in the game 's story , being in a three - way struggle among the Caesar 's Legion slavers , the New California Republic and the mysterious Mr. House .
The Courier , the player 's character , was meant to deliver a package from Primm to New Vegas ; however , they are intercepted by the Great Khans led by a mysterious man , who shoots them and takes the package , leaving the Courier for dead in a shallow grave .
The Courier is later found by a robot named Victor , and is taken to the settlement of Goodsprings , where Doc Mitchell saves their life .
After the Courier is given some medical tests , the player is pushed back into the open world , and the quest Ain't That a Kick in the Head begins .
Fallout : New Vegas has a definitive ending , unlike Fallout 3 . [ 5 ]
The endings for Fallout : New Vegas are dependent on what actions the player took during the game 's quests , with separate endings being shown for each major location , political faction , and recruitable companion .
Gameplay
The gameplay system is similar to Fallout 3 gameplay , although some changes have been made , one being changes to the combat system to give the feel of a first - person shooter , including the ability to use weapon iron sights .
The game also made a change from the true bullet flight paths in Fallout 3 to simulated bullet flight paths , which means the bullets , when fired , originate from the center of the screen 's crosshairs , rather than the tip of the gun 's barrel .
Hardcore mode
Hardcore mode is an optional setting that makes the game more realistic , with gameplay elements such as dehydration , and non-instantaneous healing .
It can be turned on and off mid-game .
Either a trophy or achievement is awarded for completing Fallout : New Vegas on Hardcore mode ; however , in order to earn it , the entire game must be played in Hardcore , from the point first prompted until the endgame sequence , without ever turning the setting off .
The Casual / Hardcore mode distinction is independent of difficulty settings .
Character system
The SPECIAL system returns , and directly influences speech options and quests .
Unlike Fallout 3 , traits are available for taking , and perks are gained every two levels instead of at each level , a move made by the developers to avoid creating overpowered Couriers .
Combat
The Vault - Tec Assisted Targeting System , or V.A.T.S. , is an active pause combat system implemented in the game , just like in Fallout 3 .
While using V.A.T.S. , the otherwise real - time combat is paused .
V.A.T.S. also allows the gory deaths in the game to be shown in slow motion and great detail .
Attacks in V.A.T.S. cost Action Points and the player can target specific body areas for attacks to inflict specific injuries .
During real - time combat , you can now look down the iron sights of weapons , rather than the zoom in Fallout 3 .
Unlike Fallout 3 , melee weapons now have special moves in V.A.T.S. , such as " Fore ! " for golf clubs , along with special Unarmed moves such as " Ranger Takedown . "
New Vegas also brings back the Damage Threshold ( DT ) mechanic absent from Fallout 3 .
If an enemy has a high DT , some weapons may be ineffective .
This is indicated by a red shield near the enemy 's health bar when attacking it , both in and out of V.A.T.S .
The damage threshold will be due to high armor or a built - in mechanic to that character , and will require the Courier to either retreat or attack with a more powerful weapon .
Players also take much more damage in V.A.T.S. than in Fallout 3 ( 75 % , up from 10 % ) , which makes dying during V.A.T.S. a real possibility .
Another new feature is the presence of a dynamic " Kill Cam , " which shows the killing bullet in slow motion , permitting players who prefer to play in real - time to experience the same cinematic feel of V.A.T.S .
This camera can also be enabled / disabled at will , and is only shown on killing the last enemy of a group .
Karma and reputation
Karma returns , incorporated alongside a reputation system similar to Fallout 2 . [ 5 ]
Reputation is a form of tracking relationships within the many factions and towns of Fallout : New Vegas , such as the NCR or Goodsprings .
A high reputation with a faction or town may give certain benefits , such as gifts from the people of that town , while a low reputation may lead to hits being taken out against you .
Karma in New Vegas has less of an effect compared to Fallout 3 , with reputation being the primary factor affecting how people react to you .
Weapon modding
A modding feature allows you to modify your gun by adding scopes , extended magazines , silencers , and more .
Weapons can have a maximum of three attached mods , and they can not be removed once placed .
Obsidian implemented this feature as a direct response to the popularity of the Weapon Mod Kits mod for Fallout 3 . [ 6 ]
Unique weapons
There are unique versions of weapons in Fallout : New Vegas , a feature introduced in Fallout 3 .
Unique weapons have different textures and adornments .
They were not originally intended to be modified and most cannot be ; however , some are still able to take on modification ( such as the weathered 10 mm pistol ) .
Even so , their built - in abilities and higher damage output often make up for their lack of flexibility .
Counting all the add-ons , there are a total of 81 unique weapons to be found inside the game , but some require the completion of a quest to find ( e.g. , Pew Pew ) .
Some can be found on the bodies of enemies ( e.g. , Oh , Baby ! ) or can be found in specific locations such as the Ratslayer .
Companion wheel
A new companion wheel has been added to quickly and easily give companions commands such as " Talk , " " Use Ranged Weapons , " and " Wait Here . "
It also makes it easier to restore their health ( using stimpaks ) and swap equipment .
The companions also have their likes and dislikes ; giving a sniper companion a shotgun , for example , will result in a nasty remark and decreased effectiveness .
Gambling
The city of New Vegas , as well as other smaller settlements in the game , have a variety of colorful casinos or other forms of gambling to explore .
In Fallout : New Vegas , several gambling mini - games have been added , including blackjack , roulette , and slots .
Outside the casinos , many people across the Mojave play Caravan , a card game designed by Obsidian specifically for New Vegas .
Luck is a considerable factor when it comes to gambling .
You get money for winning , and floor managers will congratulate you with food or drink and maybe a VIP stay at the hotel .
Winning too much money after that , however , will make the managers come down , give you the customary " tap on the shoulder , " and tell you to leave the casino on suspicions of cheating .
You will not be able to gamble in that casino anymore but are still able to enter and buy items or food from the casino .
This will not remove your current chips .
Developers
Fallout : New Vegas was developed by Obsidian Entertainment , a company founded by Feargus Urquhart and Chris Avellone , two of the creators of Fallout 2 ( originally at Black Isle Studios ) .
The project was led by Joshua Sawyer , one of the lead designers of Van Buren , the canceled Fallout 3 project by Black Isle Studios .
John Gonzalez was the lead creative designer , while Obsidian founder Chris Avellone , who worked on Fallout 2 and Van Buren , was a senior designer .
Joe Sanabria was the lead artist .
Products
Collector 's Edition
The Collector 's Edition of Fallout : New Vegas includes Fallout : New Vegas ; " Lucky 7 " poker chips , replicas from the ones found in the game ; a deck of Fallout : New Vegas themed playing cards ; a replica of the " Lucky 38 " poker chip ( the platinum chip ) from the game ; All Roads , a graphic novel about the history of Fallout : New Vegas written by Chris Avellone ; and a " The Making of Fallout : New Vegas " DVD .
The entire package comes in a collectible Fallout : New Vegas box .
The Collector 's Edition was also available for pre-order .
Add-ons
A total of six add - ons , Dead Money , Honest Hearts , Old World Blues , Lonesome Road , Courier 's Stash , and Gun Runners ' Arsenal were released .
There were four different pre-order bonuses , including the Classic Pack , Caravan Pack , Tribal Pack , and Mercenary Pack .
Each one had a unique suit of armor and a unique weapon not found in - game , along with a few other in - game items .
Ultimate Edition
The Fallout : New Vegas Ultimate Edition was released on February 7th , 2012 in North America and February 10th in Europe .
The package contents are the base game along with all add - ons , including Gun Runners ' Arsenal and Courier 's Stash .
Controversies and censorship
Metacritic score controversy
Bethesda offered a bonus in their contract with Obsidian as a perk , not at the behest of Obsidian developers , tied to a review score from the review aggregate website Metacritic , of a minimum of 85 .
Upon its release , Fallout : New Vegas only achieved an 84 point score on its PC and Xbox versions , missing the quota from receiving the bonus , which was not given .
For their work on Fallout : New Vegas , Obsidian Entertainment received a straight payment , as was explained by Chris Avellone on Twitter . [ 7 ]
The tweet with Avellone 's explanation circulated quickly , but was deleted shortly after several game news publications reported on the bonus benchmark being missed .
An interview with Feargus Urquhart also delved further into the topic , with Urquhart discussing the realities of the bonus and the situation .
[ 8 ]
In 2020 , Avellone later elaborated on the subject , describing Bethesda in instances where they went " above and beyond , " and never mistreated the group . [ 9 ]
Censorship
In the German version , there is no gore .
German players who want the full Fallout experience can , as with Fallout 3 , buy the Austrian version , which basically features the uncut PEGI version with German speech and text .
However , the German Ultimate Edition is completely uncensored .
experience can , as with , buy the Austrian version , which basically features the uncut PEGI version with German speech and text .
However , the German Ultimate Edition is completely uncensored .
Just like in Fallout 3 , the Fat Man weapon was once again renamed to the " Nuka Launcher " in the Japanese version of Fallout : New Vegas .
The Little Boy mod was not .
, the Fat Man weapon was once again renamed to the " Nuka Launcher " in the Japanese version of .
The Little Boy mod was not .
The physical disc for consoles of Fallout : New Vegas was officially banned in the United Arab Emirates , but the ban was repealed later as it did not contain enough violence to meet the ban 's criteria after a test run .
The ban lasted for about a day after the game 's release and the game was soon stocked in stores fully uncensored ( with gore ) alongside the Collector 's Edition .
The ultimate edition was released without any issues , as the original game was already in stock and the ultimate edition was simply the same game with all add - ons included .
Behind the scenes
Themes
“ One of the Obsidian owners came up with the idea that you start the game by being shot in the head and dropped into a desert grave .
It was my idea to end the game by resolving a conflict between NCR / Caesar 's Legion at Hoover Dam .
Everything else was developed by John Gonzalez . ” Joshua Sawyer
“ One of the themes we identified early on for F:NV was " recreating the new world in the image of the old " . ” [ 10 ] — Joshua Sawyer
“ the reason why F : NV 's extensive use of western trappings overlaps fine with the imagery of vegas is because the golden age of TV & film westerns was in the 50s and 60s , which was also the golden age of las vegas .
we 're already conditioned to accept these things overlapping .
~* ” Joshua Sawyer on Twitter
Cutting post- ending gameplay
“ It was made relatively late in the project and I made it because the area designers were falling behind on area milestones and would not be able to complete both the core required content and post - game content in the remaining time .
We did design post - game reactivity .
We just did n’t have time to implement it .
” — Joshua Sawyer , Frog Helms Fan Club
Bethesda Game Studios involvement
“ Bethesda handled the budget , high - level scheduling , most of the QA , marketing , PR , music licensing , and all other publishing duties .
All of the development was done internally , though some of the Bethesda F3 devs gave feedback on our design docs .
” — Joshua Sawyer , Frog Helms Fan Club
“ So this is a rather obtuse question , but I was wondering how much influence Bethesda exerted during development ?
Did you have to get shitloads of things approved by them , or were they more of a exterior presence , not really considered most times ?
Joshua Sawyer :
They mostly just asked us to avoid using certain groups or subjects for a variety of reasons .
Though Bethesda reviewed everything we did , it was extremely rare that they asked us to change something .
” Joshua Sawyer
“ Did Bethesda do the QA on Dead Money ?
Joshua Sawyer :
We have a small internal QA staff , but Bethesda handled / handles the majority of QA for F:NV and its DLC .
” Joshua Sawyer
“ What role had the additional Bethesda writers in F:NV ?
With all due respect , but I doubt producers / QA testers would write characters .. nonetheless , I 'm curious .
Joshua Sawyer :
They wrote some of the barkstring voice sets for generic NPCs .
” Joshua Sawyer
Reception
Fallout : New Vegas received " generally favorable " reviews on Metacritic , receiving a metascore of 84/100 on both PC [ 11 ] & Xbox 360 , [ 12 ] and 82/100 on PS3 . [ 13 ]
Gallery
Videos
Fallout New Vegas Intro ( HD )
See also
1. I am Sadek Drobi .
I am here at QCon with Stuart Halloway .
Can you tell us a bit about yourself ?
What you have been up to ?
Sure .
I work at Relevance in North Carolina ; we are a small Agile shop .
We have been doing a lot of development primarily with Ruby over the last several years and in the last twelve - eighteen months have gotten very interested in Clojure programming .
So I wrote the book " Programming Clojure " which has been out for several months now and we have been doing a lot of customer work in Clojure and had a lot of interesting early experiences with this new language .
2 . Can you give us a brief introduction into Clojure for people that do n't know what it is ?
It 's a challenging problem , I mean people always want the elevator pitch .
And Clojure has new ideas or combinations of old ideas about how to do things on so many fronts that you really can't narrow it down to an elevator pitch , so I 've narrowed it down to four elevator pitches .
Pitch number one - it's about a great language for programming the JVM .
We have this assembly language for the JVM called Java and then there is a lot of other languages that you can use on the JVM that have specialties in various areas , all of which are more expressive and are a lot easier to write code in than Java .
So Clojure does that .
Second big piece is that Clojure is a Lisp and so if you are someone who is concerned about problems of meta programming , then eventually you are going to love Lisp and you are going to like languages like Clojure .
The third piece is functional programming , so Clojure is a dynamic functional programming language .
As such I think it 's a gentle introduction to functional programming in a business setting , certainly has been for me .
And then the fourth piece is an approach to concurrency and state that is built around what 's called the unified update model .
So the notion that most of your program , say ninety five percent plus , is in a pure functional subset and then the non-functional , the imperative parts of the code , are atomic updates of values with well defined state and concurrency semantics and very easily separated out from the rest of the code and sort of kept sane .
3 . As you mentioned Clojure is a Lisp , is n't this a barrier for developers ?
I mean people get scared from Lisp .
Do you have any prior Lisp experience or functional programming experience ?
It is a barrier , it 's a challenge , and the fact that it 's all of these things at once is a great strength but it also raises the challenge .
If you are , in 2009 , a Java developer and you are looking for something more expressive , there are things that you can do that will have a much shallower learning curve and give you real value over working in Java .
And so we have done work in JRuby and we 've looked at Groovy and Scala , and all of those are , I think , easier curves but less up side and so we wanted more up side and , you know , pay the price and slogged through it .
I had the good luck of starting my career in the eighties doing Emacs development .
I 've had not a lot of other kinds of Lisp experience over my career , I wish I could say I 'd done a ton of Lisp back in the day , but have used Emacs throughout my career and so was comfortable with Lisp syntax , if not wildly enthusiastic .
It turns out that that is not as big a problem as people think .
One of the things that needs to be done is , a case needs to be made for structural editing modes in IDEs .
So when I am doing Clojure I use paredit mode in Emacs and what paredit does is it lets you look at your code not as characters , words and lines , but in terms of the structure of the language .
So it says " I know this is an atom or this is a list of code " and I can manipulate it at that level with a bunch of keyboard commands .
So at one level it 's almost like a tiny toolkit on which you could build re-factorings , which is useful by itself .
Another piece of that which is really important is that all of the closing parentheses are ignored by the primary editing plans in paredit mode .
So the thing that freaks people out when they first see Lisp code , it 's not so bad all the open parentheses , like " Oh there is an open parenthesis , there 's another one , there 's another one , there 's some indentation .
holy crap , there is twelve close parentheses " .
When you are a Lisp programmer you do n't see those and when you are using a tool like paredit mode your editor does n't see them either .
If I am at the end of the word and if I hit kill to end of line and there is a bunch of parentheses those are just ignored by the kill , and they just get pulled back in and it all works .
So I think that structured editing modes , in fact structured editing modes in other languages would be really cool , they are just a little bit harder to implement .
One of the benefits of Lisp 's homoiconic syntax is that the code is data and so having an editor that is smart about the structure of code is pretty simple , because you are in a list or you are in a vector or you are in a map and that 's about it .
If you are in a language with a lot more syntax it's like " Maybe I am in a method or maybe I am in a constructor , or maybe I am in package imports or maybe I am inside of a for , or maybe I am inside of a while loop " everything looks different .
But there is no reason that a paredit mode could n't be made to work with those languages if you had the whole AST available , sort of translate back and forth in real time .
Paredit mode actually works with other languages in Emacs .
I am using the Emacs starter kit these days , which is Phil Hagelberg 's contribution and when the Emacs starter kit is installed it seems to , at least on my install , turn on paredit mode for JavaScript as well , which is another fairly simple language structurally Paredit mode does not work as gracefully there , and that could be just me , I mean I have n't gone and tracked this down , but there is no reason why it could n't .
And so it would be interesting to see that idea take off , and I think that other languages would benefit from it and Lisp would look less scary at the same time .
4 . So what are the application domains of Clojure ?
It 's interesting .
I think that the irony of functional programming for me is that functional programming is all about composition of pure functions to build applications rather than OO or mutable code .
At the same time it turns out that functional languages are really awesome at doing the non-functional parts because those parts are structured and those parts are isolated from the rest of your code and you can clearly say " Over here I have ninety five percent of my code base , it 's composed of pure functions " , all these are incredibly easy to test and document and build , and write optimization and automatically cache results or whatever and then there is this very small part that does mutation of state .
By separating out those things it 's much easier to deal with that small bit of state that remains and one of the things that falls out of that is that functional languages are really good at doing things that deal only with out of process interesting state .
So something that talks to a database or something that answers web requests , or something that talks to a no SQL data store of some kind .
There is no interesting state in the application anyway , I am doing a little bit of stuff and then I am asking a question of some other process , and waiting for an answer and then handing that off to someone .
There is no interesting state and there is no benefit to carrying around a bunch of noise , which is sort of incidental complexity of state in the application .
So this is a very broad sweet spot but I think that the sweet spot for Clojure and really for other functional languages as well , is applications that have state .
So by pulling out the part that is not state - full it actually makes it much easier to work with the part that is .
So there , I have claimed the entire world almost all applications do that .
The flip side , the place where I think that Clojure is not a sweet spot today is anything where there is a solution almost done in another language .
So if you sit down in front of a development project and say " Ninety seven percent of the intellectual property in this development project is already done in open source library x and I am just going to knit that together and put a bow on that and everyone wins " , then ...
An example of that would be simple CRUD web apps with Ruby on Rails ; that 's a sweet spot for Rails .
aTe convention over configuration means that there are hundreds of decisions that are important , but not critical , to ship in some small app that are kind of already made for you and those conventions do n't exist yet when a language is new .
And so certainly for certain kinds of web apps , that 's not the sweet spot for Clojure right now , and I think that is true anytime you are making a language switch that is also a paradigm switch , that your conventions have n't sort of evolved yet .
So when at our company we made the switch to Ruby in 2005 we saw the same trade off except from the other side , the conventions were n't there in Ruby yet for things that we were used to doing in Java .
So that does n't feel like a scary thing but it's a decision matrix and at the day job less than half of it is Clojure at this point , so it 's definitely a matter of integrating it in over time where it makes sense .
5 . And when you are willing to integrate your already existing Java code for example in Clojure , do you think you have to wrap it or can you interact with it directly ?
I mean this is a gap between two paradigms , right ?
So would you wrap it or is it as easy as to call it directly ?
It depends on the kind of Java code that you are going to be using ; some Java libraries are very Clojure friendly by nature like Joda - Time , because it is immutable time objects .
It 's time and date as it should have been done in Java to begin with , that kind of stuff is a no brainer .
Java libraries that do n't have in memory conversational state , so some Java library that communicates with something else and so the only purpose is to munge arguments into some sort of communication format or medium , it 's really easy to call that stuff from Clojure or any other modern JVM language and I would n't use Java for that .
I would use Clojure or maybe JRuby to do that kind of thing .
Where it gets more interesting is if you had an existing Java application that was built around the paradigm of mutable state , a significant application , and you want to add to that with Clojure – it's not a very good fit .
Certainly Clojure has some antibodies against mutable Java code , so when from Clojure you look at a Java collection it actually gets reified as a Clojure sequence and becomes immutable on the Clojure side so you are protected .
If you are looking at a Java bean you can call bean on it , and once you call bean it 's converted into an immutable Clojure map so again you 've said " OK , I am going to adopt the Clojure way of thinking " .
That 's not going to be a sensible thing to do in an existing application that is built around a paradigm of mutable states .
So the stuff we 've built we have n't done that and I think that if you were introducing Clojure in that kind of environment you would start by building a small piece in Clojure that was in a different process , or was within some sort of boundary within the application , and said " OK inside here we are going to adopt the Clojure world view , and we are going to do this the functional way " .
This is not nearly as much benefit to the language if you are not going to accept the paradigm .
If you are not going to accept the paradigm stick with something that is expressive and not as paradigm bending ; you 'll do Groovy or JRuby or something like that .
6 . Is it concurrency that made you interested in Clojure or is it more than concurrency ?
Actually I was n't interested in the concurrency at all at the beginning , I was interested in the Lisp aspect of it .
I mean we were very happy , we felt that compared to the industry average we were using very sharp tools , but it was kind of a quest on how can we make them sharper .
And I am an enthusiast of Paul Graham and Steve Yegge and other folks that have evangelized Lisp to the rest of the developer community over the years .
Paul Graham in his writings has laid out very clearly what he thinks Lisp 's advantages are .
I 've always been immediately meta in every programming environment that I ever worked in .
When I play Magic : the Gathering I always play blue , so I 'm always the meta guy in anything so I 've always felt drawn to Lisp and obviously there is not that many business opportunities over the past ten years to do that .
So when Clojure came out , I do n't even remember when I first heard about it but it 's " Oh , there 's this elegant , tasteful Lisp that runs on the JVM , oh I 'll go use that " .
I was sold , I did n't need the rest .
So for me Clojure is over determined .
If it had its Lisp features and its elegance of interop with the JVM I would have switched just for that .
I was n't looking to be swayed over into functional programming .
I had successfully ignored the siren song of Haskell and other things for quite a long time ; not successful anymore , right now because of Clojure I am looking at FP from other angles as well .
And the concurrency piece is important right now because of multi-core , or people say that it 's important right now because of multi core and I think there is truth to that , but really it 's just as important in terms of thinking about state .
And Rich Hickey , the creator of Clojure , has done a terrific job in some recent conference presentations that are recorded and up on the InfoQ website .
He 's done a terrific job in laying out the case for the way Clojure thinks about updates and the way Clojure thinks about state as a really different approach to what most of the industry is doing right now .
And so I 've certainly been won over to that .
One of the interesting things is that the approach to state is remarkably easy to use .
I mean not only does it work but it does n't melt your brain to try to figure it out , and so we 've had no trouble with people coming in who do n't have a background in concurrency and saying " Oh , you know what ?
If you want to update something you have to put it in a transaction and if you do n't it will throw an exception and you 'll see it in your unit tests , it wo n't work " .
That is pretty easy , people are used to the notion of transactions scoping updates and so it 's been remarkable how sort of a non story the concurrency part has been from developer cognitive load .
7 . Rich on several occasions told us that we got the whole state concept , we got it wrong in enterprise and industry .
Can you elaborate more on that ?
So I do n't think I can do it any better than he has done it and it's a very different story .
I mean when Rich tells the story he starts quoting famous philosophers from history and talking about physics and it 's intimidating .
But in short the way that we think about state in the objects world is that we have objects , and objects are a combination of identity and behavior in state and they are all thrown together and from a getting started perspective there are some advantages to that .
So for example in OO at a first approximation the " How do I solve this problem " question is really easy .
If someone walks up to you and you are an object oriented programmer and they say " I have a blah blah blah , what do I need ? " the answer is " Oh , there is an object in a class to do that " and that is the answer for every question .
The problem with that is that it does n't match the way the real world works and in particular you 'll see this when you start to do concurrency .
In the Java world we have this double checked locking is broken problem and the interesting thing about that is that when I first learnt about that issue it was about JVM esoterica .
There is a bunch of people who are trying to take this shortcut with how they approach read operations on data and that shortcut does n't work because the JVM has certain behaviors which are there for a good reason and so it 's wrong headed to do that , but you look at that through the light of the way Rich has approached things in Clojure and the people that were trying to avoid locks for reads were onto something .
Because in the real world , operations do n't stop for observation .
And so I can be involved in doing something and you can observe it and that does n't affect me and in the real world we do n't get to say " We are going to stop this because somebody wants to observe it " , and Clojure is built on that model because all of our data in the Clojure world is immutable , and you can look at it , and it goes from one immutable state via transformation that creates an another immutable connection and then there is an atomic moment where the reference switches over and points to that new state , and observers are not impacted .
And so you can layer into a system one or ten or a thousand observers and they are not going to have any impact on the operations that are going on .
At the same time it is performant because all of Clojure 's data structures - all * of Clojure 's data structures - are trees and so it has the API of a map or a set but the implementation is a very quickly fanning tree so that this old version of the data and the new version of the data can share ninety five , ninety nine percent of their structure so it 's very efficient for all the observers to be able to look at this snapshot at the moment the observers were looking and for us to be building the next snapshot that happens to actually use most of the same data at that time .
And this is not incredibly new , in some way if you come from a Haskell background or somewhere like that , but it is certainly outside the mainstream of the way most software is being written today .
8. Several programming language implement functional programming in a slightly different way like there is the Lisp way , there is the OCaml way , and there is for example the Haskell way .
What do you think of functional programming , I mean which way do you like to see it and what is an interesting software [ stuff ? ] ?
Because we are hearing more and more about functional programming .
So a ) I am not qualified to answer .
There is a ton of interesting stuff in the functional languages that I am exploring because I got excited about it because of Clojure .
I think that we do n't know much ; in terms of the amount of industry effort that has been put into it , it 's minuscule compared to the effort that 's gone into OO and so what we think we know now is going to evolve very quickly over the next several years .
One of the things that is interesting in Rich 's analysis of this is that the static versus dynamic typing debate is actually kind of superficial .
That the difference in thinking about mutable state and references to mutable state is a lot more fundamental than whether you have a static or dynamic type system .
I think that 's true , at the same time I think the value of type systems is still not a sorted or solved question .
And hand waving and saying " Well some are good for some and some are good for others " , is n't satisfactory to me and I do n't have a good answer .
Clojure is dynamically typed and I think that that means , for me at least , it provides an easier learning curve than Haskell .
But I do n't think that that makes it the only way to work and I do n't think there is any reason why you could n't have a very statically type language that had strong overlap with Clojure in terms of the concurrency and functional features and I think that would be a really good thing .
One of the things I would be interested to see is a language that had good type inference and a really strong type model and a friendlier learning curve and an easier sort of - you do n't have to get the types entirely right .
Because one of the things as an Agile software developer , type discovery maybe goes on throughout the process .
It 's not that you sit down and figure out what the types are and then write code and it implements and the types match and everything works .
It 's that your discovery of the types is evolving over time and dynamic typing I think - well , let me put it this way : I know how to do that with a dynamically typed language .
I know how to sit down with stakeholders and model things and very iteratively make those models converge on what they need .
I think that is doable with static typing , but it 's not something that I 'm good at .
I 'd like to learn more about that and I 'd be interested to see that happen .
At this point it feels orthogonal to me to the whole issue of functional programming and my mantra for 2010 is everybody needs to be learning about functional programming .
pPck your school , it does n't matter that much to me but start somewhere , and then we can hash up some of the other stuff when we get there .
9 . So Clojure chooses to use reference types for dealing with states , dealing more correctly with state .
There are other languages like Erlang and Scala copied it they use actors .
Can you explain the difference between these two dealing with state ?
First off I think we need both .
I think that Clojure has solved , to the extent that we know how to right now , what in process semantics should be about state .
And so the whole notion that we can have a thousand observers watching things happen without having to stop the world , that 's really important and Clojure gets that piece right .
I think what Erlang does is really about something that works out of process .
So I am going to do something and it's going to trigger something that happens somewhere else , on another process , and there is copying involved .
So we could be copying state from here to there , and it 's much more around messaging and that 's really an out of process model for thinking - not you could n't , you could do it in process , you could have an API that looks like the way Erlang thinks and everything happens in a process , but it feels more suitable out of process .
I mean you are going to pay the overhead of copying things around .
And Clojure is really about let 's get the in process case , that does n't require copying , to work .
There is a scenario there that is doable and it's not done very much in programming languages .
If you use these immutable objects and have references , then you can have some amount of coordination locally without having to do stop the world and locking .
And a lot of things are going to have to scale out across processes and across networks and those things are going to need a model like Erlang's .
I would expect to see languages that have both models supported coming on .
It 's an open question how much language support is needed for the Erlang model .
The Clojure model clearly needs language support ; that needs to be at a fairly language level " Right , here 's how we 'r going to do things " .
The actor model can be added with more or less pain even on top of a mutable language if you want to do it .
It will also be interesting to see in the JVM world , do we really need an actor library per JVM language .
Part of the idea of all this interop is that somebody should win .
Congratulations Scala yours is the best and the Clojure guys are going to call it too , and so will the JRuby guys .
So it will be interesting to see if that actually happens , and it will strengthen the case for all of the JVM languages to see that kind of interop happening .
So that would be exciting .
10 .
So is it possible to use Clojure 's model outside of Clojure , do you think that it could be possible to do that ?
It is possible , there is a , and I do n't remember the name , but there is a JRuby gem that actually gives you access to Clojure 's lazy immutable collections and to references , and so you could program against those things from Ruby .
I love Ruby and at the same time I do n't find that very interesting .
If you buy Clojure 's model , unless you are just deathly afraid of Lisp , then just use Clojure .
It 's not that " I love Clojure 's model but I need some other language X because Clojure is n't very expressive " , Clojure is incredibly expressive .
So I do n't feel a lot of compulsion to do that kind of interop and in fact on the places where we have done polyglot programming on our projects , where we 've had multiple JVM languages in play , we 've ended up doing that with small processes that communicate with each other by passing JSON around instead of by having it all together in one process .
So yes possible , but I 'm not sure it 's a great direction .
11 . So imagine like a Java programmer will start programming with Clojure and then there are no objects , and even multi method dispatching is something completely new for him , do n't you think that there is a gap , a considerable gap , for today 's Java programmer regarding the paradigm ?
If a programmer knows only Java then yes , it 's a pretty big gap .
There are a lot of ideas in Clojure that there 's no analog to in Java , so trying to find hand holds and learn the language is going to be challenging .
The flip side is , how many Java programmers really only know Java ?
To me the definition of a junior programmer is ' knows only one language well ' .
And so Clojure is not a junior programmer 's language ; it 's not necessarily a place to go to at that point .
But somebody who has been doing Java for ten years I 'd be astonished if they did n't know two or three other languages to some degree of familiarity and then you start to be able to build on something .
So maybe you 've done some work in JavaScript or Python and you are accustomed to using high order functions even if you are not accustomed to using immutable data structures , so there is more traction there .
The other thing is that if you are accomplished with the more popular design patterns in Java then , even if you 've never used multi methods , you can quickly see " Oh , there is a design pattern I do n't have to write code for anymore " .
I do n't have to do the visitor pattern anymore , I get it , look multi methods , problem solved ; and for me , from my Java background , every Clojure feature was like a light bulb " Oh yes , I see what that solves " .
There is also an advantage to having significant history with mainstream industry languages and then go look at a language like Clojure because you have an appreciation .
If you just learned Clojure you might have a casual attitude to the features that were in it and say " Oh , this is a bunch of features that were thrown together and maybe another language with a bunch of other features thrown together would be equally interesting " .
I actually think that the features that are brought together in Clojure are very tastefully collected and solve a whole bunch of problems that I was having on a daily basis writing code in other languages , and so it does kind of go both ways .
At the same time I was primarily a Java programmer until 2005 and I spent three years doing Ruby before I made the switch to Clojure and so that certainly argues for a progression up Paul Graham 's love scale of languages rather than just starting at the top .
12 . For people that are interested in Clojure can you give us , from your experience , some motivating examples that gives motivation for them to switch to Clojure from your own experience about clients , about where you applied it ?
A couple of things : just having functions be first class citizens .
and just getting rid of mutable state around iteration tends to reduce lines of code by almost an order of magnitude .
And you can see this with any language that has some sort of simple approach to functions and blocks , compared to the traditional OO pattern - heavy kind of way things are encoded .
And if you do n't think reducing your code base by a factor of ten is beneficial then you are probably not going to agree with me about almost anything else either .
But most people are like " Oh , that 's really interesting " .
But where it really becomes compelling is where you find the occasional re-factoring or change of approach that operates at a higher level but has that kind of effect on changing the code base where - we were working on a project where we had to implement a protocol for data , and so there is a message that has a certain structure and you have to receive the message , you have to unpack the message , you have to apply some business rules , based upon the message and some stateful stuff , do some stateful things based on how this message interacts with past messages , and then you have to assemble a message in response .
And a naïve approach to that , you solve this problem for one message end to end .
Great .
Now you have a second message , now you do a third message , now we do a fourth message , and so forth , as you start to do that you realize that you are doing a lot of incredibly repetetive coding .
Inheritance and the kinds of tools for re-use that are in common play would solve some of that , but by no means all .
And what we were able to do with Clojure is basically say , " You know what ?
We are going to define with a macro what looks like a new language feature – def message " .
So you define def message , it lays out the structure of the message in data and then there is an interpreter that can read the structure created by def message and it sort of generates all the rest of the code for doing all the message processing , and then you have that very thin layer in the middle of doing the business logic , against now what has actually been converted into Clojure maps ; just data .
And all of the messaging stuff is solved , with a set of def messages .
Having pulled things out in that way then those def message objects could also be used to drive documentation .
So the def messages almost look like they were copied out of the spec book .
And in fact we tried to do that , we tried to literally take from a pdf document , here is the actual structure of a message , boom , we 're going to make a def message .
So macros were a big help in that piece and so thank you Lisp .
The other piece that was really helpful was that with Clojure meta data we were able to decorate the various things that we created when we encountered a def message so that other tools could operate on them .
So you could ask questions like " Go and find me all of the things of kind X in the system via meta data and then apply some additional service to that " .
And Clojure meta data is just Clojure data .
So it 's extremely easy to work with meta data and add meta data .
So that was an example that felt really nice .
You could have done the things we did in a non Lisp but it would n't have been as easy and the result would not have felt as much as if it was part of the language , it really was an internal , it 's not really a DSL , it felt more like adding language features , which is the Lisp thing where you use macros to add language features that attack things in your domain .
A really interesting piece of that is that the way that system works really was a very dumb interpreter that reads through the data and does all the data munging to convert between the formats that were needed on the wire and the formats that we wanted to work with .
If that thing is too slow , we re-write the interpreter as a compiler that actually compiles Lisp code that does that and get an order of magnitude speed up and we do n't have to touch anything else in the system .
If we had n't pulled out that notion and had this kind of data driven approach to that , that kind of optimization would have been impossible .
And I have seen plenty of systems where that copy and paste , " Oh , we 'ren message seven hundred now , and we have done this repeated things seven hundred times .
Oh , we need to make it faster . "
Well , there is seven hundred ad - hoc , bespoke places that you have to go to make that work .
13 . Like today as programming language offerings we get some kind of pure languages like Clojure which respects some kind of paradigm .
And there are languages that mix things like Scala .
So you have Erlang , you have Clojure on the pure side , pure paradigm side , you have Scala that mixes things , you have C# that mixes things .
So what do you think ?
Do you think a language that mixes features is a good thing or do you think there are tradeoffs and it will spoil the feature ?
That is a terrific question because I do n't think it yields a simple answer .
Ruby feels like a lot of different kinds of ways to do things language , and I love Ruby .
Clojure has a very strong perspective on how to do things and I like that as well .
They both have their purpose .
I think one important piece is tasteful selection of abstractions to solve real problems , and so languages that I like are languages that the designer of the language had a certain aesthetic that they applied when they were solving problems and you could feel that through the language .
I like languages that have benevolent dictators , not languages that are by committee , by and large , there are exceptions - but benevolent dictators can have a world view and within that world view there can be incredible variety .
Like I said Ruby feels like a very multi paradigm , you can try different kinds of approaches , whereas Clojure is a much more " Here is a way of viewing the world " .
Although even that is very challenging because if our notions of paradigms are all screwed up then we do n't have even intellectual traction to be saying that .
If Clojure is as important as I sometimes feel that it is , we may look back in five years now and say that Clojure really is a multi paradigm language of five paradigms we do n't even know about yet , that are all within the " Doing things right " rubric of functional programming and a model for time that 's built around a unified update model with software transactional memory .
Maybe that is an urgently right way of doing things but within that there are half dozen different paradigms that we have n't discovered because we are all over here in object land .
I think that different JVM languages , the ones that people are talking about , the ones that have been talked about here at the conference today , all serve different needs .
Scala has a ton of different things in it , from an aesthetic perspective that feels a little bit non ideal to me , never a feature unwanted .
But the flip side to that is the beginner learning curve for Scala for a Java programmer is pretty simple , it 's pretty Java like and then you can go off in this direction and do this or you can go off in that direction and do that .
I think that Scala is in some ways like C++ was , that you can start from C and not be very different and then you can gradually do something that is a lot different .
And that analogy argues for great success for Scala in the sense that C++ certainly had a lot of traction building on C .
14 .
It could be the end , as it was for the C ++.
Is n't it a problem also to have all of this stuff ?
Well it 's a challenge .
I think Scala is a good and useful language but I have chosen Clojure , I like the perspective .
I think that syntax is superficial and so I do n't consider syntactic similarity to be an urgent reason to move forward with languages , but other people clearly do n't feel that way .
People look at , say , Groovy versus Ruby and say that Groovy 's similarity to Java in syntax is the most important thing there .
I think there are far more important distinctions going on between Groovy and JRuby than the syntax and in fact I think that I would still feel that even if there syntaxes were reversed . ; even if JRuby had more of Groovy 's syntax and vice versa but that 's not really the most important thing .
But you know one of the nice things is that the JVM has created a platform on which we can have these debates , that the interop capabilities that are baked into the virtual machine allow us to have all these languages that can really talk to each other and while I think it would be gratuitous to have four or five of them compiled and running together in the same process , most of the time , at least where we are today , I think the possibility of writing code and deploying it in these different languages and not having to be relying on one is really exciting .
And I think that even if certain individual initiatives or efforts fail , that the trying a bunch of different things all at once in terms of - across the entire industry - is going to lead to good outcomes for all of us because we are going to find good pieces .
I also think there is going to be healthy competition .
It is my understanding that Scala 's collection classes are picking up some of the good ideas from Rich 's collections in Clojure , and I think we will continue to see that sort of thing happen over time .
In particular I think that Clojure 's strategy of using trees and having immutable collections is such a good one that there is no reason not to have those available in any JVM language and I think we 'll see that happen .
15 . So you moved from Ruby to Clojure .
What is the next language do you think ?
Well certainly the other languages that I am going to look at in my copious free time , right now I am interested in Haskell and Erlang , for obvious reasons around functional programming and concurrency and because they strike me as the most different and the most likely to take me out of my comfort zone and keep me learning .
Looking at my career trajectory I would say that I do n't know what my next language will be yet because it probably does n't exist yet .
I usually stay happy with one for three or four years and then go on to the next thing , so I can't wait to find out what it is .
16 .
So we see languages like Groovy which are built by mostly pragmatic choices and we see other languages like Clojure which is build around theoretical ideas and research papers .
So where do we stand ?
I mean sometimes theory gets too far from practice and sometimes pragmatism brings not very beautiful results , so what do you think ?
I am much more on the pragmatic side and I think probably I would rephrase the way you characterize Clojure in the question .
I think Clojure is extremely pragmatic and informed by academic research .
I mean Rich is a practicing software developer and before that a musician and he is not an ivory tower theory geek , although his theoretical chops from where I am sitting seem quite strong , and the things that he 's done in the language seem to impress the ivory tower crowd reasonably well , but I think that his language choices have been motivated by work on real world systems and so I come down almost wholly on the pragmatic side .
I think it 's great to have people like Rich who are practicing pragmatic practitioners who also somehow found the time to read seven hundred academic papers and say " Here is a practical problem I am having and here is the academic paper that would solve it " and pull those things together , I think that is really incredible and the JVM is a great environment for ideas like that to bloom , .
Who knows what will happen next month .
Maybe there will be another JVM language a year from now that blows our doors off the way Clojure is doing right now .
17 .
We heard a few days ago that closures , in the sense of the function that close values , will be added to Java .
Do you think that it 's a good thing ?
Some people want Java to die , some people want it to live more .
Some people want it to die so people move to other languages .
What do you think of that ?
It does n't matter very much to me .
I want the VM to continue to get love and I want the VM to get faster and I want it to get better garbage collection and I want tail recursion to be easier to do and I think that all the different language communities want those things .
Those things are kind of equally beneficial , maybe somewhat disproportionally beneficial to functional languages , but beneficial to all the JVM languages and so I want to see all that happen .
And so for me asking what I want to see happen to the Java language , the Java language is irrelevant .
It does n't make any difference to the industry anymore , except in so far as a bunch of people do n't believe that yet and so if something happening to the language freaks out a bunch of people , then I would care about that .
If Sun or Oracle did something to the language that terrified people and caused people to flee the VM then that 's bad for Scala and Clojure and Ruby and all of these great languages .
It 's not a technical question , it 's a mass psychology question .
Do n't do something that scares people is my advice on the language level .
If freezing the language makes people happy then freeze the language , if adding features slowly makes people happy than add features slowly .
I can't imagine features ever being added to Java that would bring back people that have gone on to other languages because we are not talking about a short distance .
For a while I thought it would be interesting to just say " Announcement : Groovy is Java 7 " and Scala has picked up enough traction since I first glibly said that that might make sense too , although I think that the differences there are more significant .
But I do n't think the language matters at all , except its psychological effect , at this point .
18 . Groovy has been implemented also for .
NET .
Do you have any opinion about what 's going on on the .NET side , regarding programming languages ?
I do not spend very much time on the .NET side of the world .
I am a big open source supporter and I think that Microsoft , although they are slowly getting better at that , they are in their decade in the wilderness in terms of technology leadership .
Regardless of what the bank accounts and spreadsheets say at the end of the day .
I know that there is Python and Ruby working in .NET and the Clojure port to .NET is tracking not very far behind Clojure on the JVM in real time , but I 've never even fired it up because I would have to get a Windows box to do that .
I think it 's useful .
I think that for languages like Clojure that want to have a small core and be able to host on different VMs , that the exercise of doing it on the .NET VM is useful , even if I do n't use it on .NET myself .
I think it 's interesting and it's cool but it has not had - we build mostly server side and some mobile so what 's happening in the .NET world just does n't affect us very much .
19 . So Clojure is portable from the JVM to .
Net , but if you do n't use any of the libraries of the JVM or the CLR , what do you think about that ?
There is a remarkable amount of things that happen in Clojure that are not very library oriented .
The whole sequence abstraction , the underlying concurrency abstractions , that stuff is all going to work and then you are going to do IO and other things and you 'll hit a brick wall .
That is going to be a challenge and so Clojure itself - there is Clojure and then there is a separate repository also managed by Rich and under the same open source library called Clojure - contrib , and Clojure - contrib is all manner of third party stuff , some of which is incubator for eventually going to Clojure , but most of which is just useful utilities and add - ons and goujon and sA lot of those things depend on really being on a specific platform , so for example I have written a contrib called clojure.contrib.jmx which maps down to the management extensions to Java .
That just wo n't work on .net and presumably there is some or multiple equivalents to that in the .net world and so if the .net side of things takes off we are going to have a lot of porting and cleaning to do on contrib and it's a problem that sorts itself .
Either there is a lot of interest in Clojure , in which case there is manpower to go and solve that problem , or there is not and we do n't solve it and we 've certainly done the Agile thing so far which we 've completely ignored it .
Actually when I first proposed contrib somebody bounced back on the mailing list and said " We have to decide how we are going to mark the things in contrib that depend on the JVM so that we can anticipate this day when this problem is going to happen " .
Every once in a while I think I demonstrate wisdom and I said " That 's exactly what I am not going to do , I am not going to solve that problem .
I promise that as the guy who made this problem , that if you make that into a real problem I will clean it up when it happens but I want to ship the JMX support , which I am hours away from doing , not have a week long debate with fifteen other people about how we can deal with .
net when , if , maybe it happens " .
And so I think we are doing things roughly in the right order , although I think there is a little bit of a danger that Clojure can take off so fast that contrib could get a little bit out of control ; that it could need more gardening and more specific ownership and stewardship than it has right now .
I mean there is six , eight committers and thirty contributors , or something like that , to contrib right now but there is not a super strong unified style .
And the nice thing is that Clojure is opinionated enough , I mean we get enough style questions answered but then there are some style questions that are not uniformly enforced and this could be little things , coming from Ruby I am accustomed to an optional argument at the end of methods which is a map .
And Clojure takes the more Lisp-y approach of un-rolling that map into a keyword and then a value and then a keyword and then a value at the end of the method .
If half the methods that take optional arguments did that in one way and half did them the other way , or something like that - that 's not a problem but I can imagine running into other problems like that if it grows too fast without oversight .
Right now things are good but it 's something to keep an eye on .
Are You Sure You ’re Ready for the End Time ?
Discover the links between current events and Bible prophecies that are yet to be fulfilled by joining Jerusalem Prophecy College .
Being stuck at home can make you feel like you are stuck in a rut !
If you are in between jobs or looking to test your coding skills , these coding chal ...
Alamy
Start here
GOOD news : people in Britain are living longer than ever before .
They are the healthiest they have ever been .
Moreover , the lot of the poor has been improving at a phenomenal rate .
Over the decade to 2005 , the most recent years for which data are available , life expectancy for boys born in the least salubrious neighbourhoods has rocketed by 2.7 years to more than 75 years .
Yet , despite this progress , they are losing ground to more fortunate folk .
Boys born to parents living in more comfortable surroundings have always expected to live longer .
But the gap between the two groups has increased .
On February 11th Sir Michael Marmot , a well - known epidemiologist at University College London , published a report looking at the relationship between health and wealth .
It was the third officially - sanctioned attempt to do so in 30 years .
The findings demonstrate what Sir Michael calls “ the social gradient in health ” ( see chart ) .
People living in rich communities live longer than those in modest suburbs who , in turn , outlive those residing in the rougher parts of town .
And the poor also spend more of their shorter lives coping with a disability .
In England people on the poorest housing estates die , on average , seven years earlier than those in the grandest accommodation .
They can expect to become disabled 17 years earlier .
Why should this be , given that the National Health Service ( NHS ) provides free care to all ?
One argument is that the poorer people are , the more likely they are to do unhealthy things that brighten their otherwise dull lives temporarily .
Smoking , for example — blamed for a third of all cancers — is twice as common in households where the main breadwinners have routine and manual jobs than in professional and managerial homes .
And white - collar workers are kicking the habit faster than manual labourers .
So too with obesity , which causes diseases such as diabetes : it is increasing fastest among those at the bottom of the heap .
Yet the rich also have their vices , among them under - reported drink : a third more alcohol is put back by professionals than by manual labourers .
The government has long sought to reduce persistent health inequalities , but to little effect .
One problem has been that it sets targets which focus efforts in the wrong places .
For example , the goal of reducing infant mortality among lower social classes , more prevalent than higher up the scale , initially appears laudable .
But the mandarins count only those babies whose father 's occupation is stated clearly enough for the cherub 's social class to be ascertained .
Infant mortality among the offspring of single mothers , and of others whose partners remain vague , is ignored in the rush to reach the target .
Yet infant deaths in this group are markedly more frequent than among babies whose fathers are poor but committed parents .
Anna Dixon , acting head of the King 's Fund , a health - policy think - tank , describes the reasons for health inequalities as “ complex and long - standing ” .
It is clearly up to the NHS to help everyone improve their chances to live longer and healthier lives .
But the health service on its own cannot do away with all the factors that lead to poor health .
The government should take a wide view in assessing health inequalities and support not just NHS efforts but programmes that address the wider determinants of health , she says .
The highest priority , Sir Michael suggests , is to ensure that every child has a good start in life by concentrating on poorer children during their earliest years .
This begins when a child is in the womb and his mother needs extra health care .
Toddlers whose mothers may not have achieved much at school themselves and so might fail to equip them properly for starting school also need help , through more SureStart centres and the like .
Equality of nurturing is key .
Sir Michael points out , sensibly , that more should be done to avoid ill health in the first place .
The NHS accounts for a fifth of all public spending but uses just 4 % of its funds to dodge disease rather than tackle it .
As ever , prevention is better than cure .
WASHINGTON — Dust off a disc .
Maybe it ’s video of a Bob Hope Christmas show , or maybe it ’s the Apollo 11 moon landing .
Insert a blank disc .
Duplicate .
It sounds monotonous because it is .
But every time Liz Pruszko presses the start button on a DVD machine , she knows she is helping to unlock the thousands of videos tucked away in the National Archives .
“ It just seems like such a shame to not have this content out there , ” Ms. Pruszko said .
When she says “ out there , ” she is talking about the Web , where it might seem that every conceivable video clip of federal importance is already stored , just waiting to be searched for .
That is far from true .
But she is nudging the government in that direction .
Ms. Pruszko is a volunteer for the International Amateur Scanning League , an invention of the longtime public information advocate Carl Malamud .
The league plans to upload the archives ’ collection of 3,000 DVDs in what Mr. Malamud calls an “ experiment in crowd - sourced digitization . ”
A shopper reaches for a milk product at a supermarket in Lawrenceville , N.J. A national dairy group is petitioning the FDA so that only milk from cows could be labeled as milk .
Enlarge By Matthew S. Gunby , AP Holstein cows are seen grazing in a field in Easton , Md. The National Milk Producers Federation is railing against the " bastardization of dairy terms . "
MILK AND MILK ALTERNATIVES MILK AND MILK ALTERNATIVES 2009 sales of milk and milk alternatives in gallons : Cow 's milk : 3 billion Soymilk : 70 million Rice drink : 2 million Horchata ( Mexican rice drink ) : 1.3 million Goat milk : 0.6 million Source : Symphony IRI Group
Got milk ?
The National Milk Producers Federation says you do n't , not if what you grab from the dairy case today is soy , rice or almond milk .
For the second time in 10 years , the federation has written to the Food and Drug Administration asking that the term " milk " be reserved for cow 's milk , although it 's OK with also using the word for goat , sheep or water buffalo milk — any of the various " mammalian lacteal secretions . "
The federation says the FDA should require that plant - based beverages be labeled something else , noting terms such as " drinks , " " beverages " or even " imitation milk . "
' RAW MILK ' : Advocates , health officials step up dispute LACTOSE : 60 % of world can't digest milk VIDEO : NYC chef makes cheese from another kind of milk : human
The FDA is " letting the bastardization of dairy terms proliferate , " says federation spokesman Christopher Galen .
The group has even launched a Facebook page : " They Don't Got Milk . "
" We had to do something , " Galen says .
Over the past decade , such drinks have expanded from just soymilk , a millennia - old Asian beverage , to include " milks " from a variety of plants , including hemp and peanuts .
With an increase in those who perceive plant - derived products as healthier and a growing Asian population accustomed to soymilk , the market for non-dairy " milk " products as well as non-dairy cheeses , yogurts and ice creams is on the increase .
In 1996 , the market for soymilk was $ 124 million .
In 2008 , it was more than $ 1 billion , says Nancy Chapman , executive director of the Soyfoods Association of North America .
Sales of cow 's milk were about $ 12.3 billion for 2008 , says research firm Symphony IRI Group .
It was the soymilk producers who first went to the FDA , in 1996 , to ask that soymilk be allowed as a " common and usual name " for their product .
The FDA never responded .
The National Milk Producers group filed its first protest letter about the term " soymilk " in 2000 but received no answer , Galen says .
In a subsequent letter to the FDA , the Soyfoods Association argued that as long as the word " milk " was qualified by " soy , " consumers would n't be confused .
The FDA seems inclined to stay out of it this round as well .
" We evaluate all these communications , but we plan our actions based on what will make the most impact for the public health , " says spokeswoman Siobhan DeLancey .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
China ’s Hacker Army
A flier for a prominent Chinese hacker ’s presentation on the how - tos and wherefores of hacking , drawing on sources as diverse as Shakespeare , the Diamond Sutra , and … Google .
Click through to view FP ‘s exclusive slideshow .
The autobiography of hacker SharpWinner opens on a bunch of young men in a high - rise apartment thick with cigarette smoke , in an unnamed city somewhere in China .
Hacking is hard work , and this particular group , one of hundreds spread across the country , has been at it for hours .
But the alpha male of the group , a “ handsome and bright youth ” — throughout The Turbulent Times of the Red Hackers , SharpWinner refers to himself in the third person — is unflappable .
After he completes a backdoor intrusion into a Japanese website , he takes a break to field text messages from female admirers .
It would be easy to dismiss SharpWinner , who has promoted his book on national television , claiming he has a movie deal in the works , as an attention - hungry stuntman .
And in fact , the news that Google and dozens of other companies had been hit by a mammoth attack originating in China this past winter evoked the strong arm of the Chinese government — not SharpWinner ’s amorphous world of hacker bandits .
The Internet giant said the decision to go public with information on Operation Aurora , as the hack has been dubbed , “ goes to the heart of a much bigger global debate about freedom of speech . ”
The Chinese government ’s spying on the email accounts of human rights activists , Google intimated , was behind its threat to pull out of China .
( It has yet to make good on that claim . )
But a report released Tuesday by Atlanta security firm Damballa says the Aurora attack looks like work of amateurs working with unsophisticated tools .
That revelation , along with a separate story in the Financial Times that a freelancer wrote the Aurora code , is focusing attention on China ’s loose web of cowboy hackers .
And SharpWinner — the leader of a coalition including anywhere from 50,000 to 100,000 civilian members and , before he disappeared from public view in 2007 , a regular participant in international cyberconflicts , including the 2001 hacker war stretching from China to the White House — is just the beginning .
The Aurora attacks represented an attempt by hackers apparently based in China to steal valuable information from leading U.S. companies .
( So far the list of victims includes Adobe Systems and Dow Chemical , in addition to Google . *
Over the weekend , a security researcher told Computerworld that Aurora might have penetrated more than 100 firms . )
Investigators are still trying to understand where Aurora came from and what it means , but already some surprising clues have emerged .
The Financial Times story followed on the heels of a New York Times story reporting that researchers have traced the attacks back to two Chinese universities , one of which has long been a training ground for freelance or “ patriotic ” hackers .
Among the implications of these reports : The U.S. understanding of Chinese hacking is seriously out of date .
Western media accounts typically overlook freelancers in favor of bluster about the Chinese government .
Some pair breathy accounts of cyberwar with images dredged up from 1960s People ’s Liberation Army propaganda , as if to suggest China has some centrally administered cyberbureau housing an army of professional hackers .
Others make improbable or unsubstantiated allegations .
Two years ago , a National Journal cover story claimed Chinese hackers were responsible for the 2003 blackout that crippled much of the U.S. Northeast , an event repeated investigations have attributed to domestic negligence .
In fact , the hacking scene in China probably looks more like a few intelligence officers overseeing a jumble of talented — and sometimes unruly — patriotic hackers .
Since the 1990s , China has had an intelligence program targeting foreign technology , says James A. Lewis , senior fellow for cybersecurity and Internet policy at the Center for Strategic and International Studies .
Beyond that , however , things get complicated .
“ The hacking scene can be chaotic , ” he says .
“ There are many actors , some directed by the government and others tolerated by it .
These actors can include civilian agencies , companies , and individuals . ”
To anyone who speaks Chinese , that chaos is obvious .
Google the characters for heike — a transliteration of “ hacker ” that means , literally , “ black guest ” — and you ’ll come up with pages and pages of results .
Sites such as http://www.chinahacker.com, http://www.cnhacker.com, and http://www.hackbase.com contain step - by - step instructions , advertisements for how - to seminars — become a hacker in a few short weeks ! — and screen shots of foreign casualties .
And yet they are clearly not the work of the central government .
Read on ( or do n’t — the sites are packed with malware and users visit at their own peril ) and you ’ll find threads roiling with bitter infighting , foul - mouthed forum posts , and photos of scantily clad women .
“ There are literally hundreds of these sites , ” says Scott J. Henderson , an intelligence contractor and former U.S. Army linguist who has written a book on Chinese hackers .
“ They all have different agendas and different personnel .
It ’s not as well - coordinated as everyone sitting down in a room and someone saying , ‘ You , go write this code . ’
‘ You , go write that . ' ”
Instead , China ’s hackers spring up organically .
Mix together widespread youth nationalism with a highly wired population — China now boasts the most Internet users in the world , with 384 million people online — and out comes patriotic hacking .
The self - described “ red hackers ” are the product of the “ the fact that we live in a time when our country is moving toward prosperity , ” SharpWinner once said , quite accurately .
Prosperity also ensures a market for abundant hacker memorabilia : hacker magazines , hacker T - shirts , and tell - all books like his .
While traveling through rural China once , I stumbled across bins in a village store filled with Hacker brand candy .
( It tastes like saltwater taffy . )
Every August , top hackers convene in Beijing for a conference ostensibly about information security but described by one participant as including seminars on common attack techniques .
China ’s hackerati range from flamboyant prima donnas like SharpWinner to Sunwear , a slight , pixie - ish twentysomething who marks his website defacements with the innocuous tag line “ just for fun ! “ , to Xiao Tian , the unattainable femme fatale leader of China Girl Security Team .
Many of their causes neatly overlap with the interests of the Chinese government .
Take one of the events that drove the development of hacker culture in China : the 1999 NATO bombing of the Chinese Embassy in Belgrade .
In retaliation , hackers plastered the website of the U.S. Embassy in Beijing with the phrase “ Down with the Barbarians ! ”
Or the targeting of email accounts of the Save Darfur Coalition , which opposes Chinese involvement in Sudan , in 2008 .
Or GhostNet , the cyberspying operation originating in China that was revealed last year to have infected 1,295 computers in 103 countries — including the Dalai Lama ’s network in Dharamsala , India .
The University of Toronto researchers who uncovered the attack have not yet pinpointed its architects , but in a report on the attack , they noted the operation could easily be the work of patriotic hackers using “ do - it - yourself signals intelligence . ”
But the fact that these hackers ’ interests overlap with Chinese policy does not mean they are working on behalf of Beijing , and indeed many of their activities suggest no government interference at all .
“ Governments are not taking over botnets of compromised computers to conduct denial - of - service attacks , ” says Dorothy Denning , a professor of defense analysis at the Naval Postgraduate School in Monterey , Calif .
It helps , however , that Beijing turns a blind eye to their attacks .
An unwritten rule holds that freelance hackers are left alone as long as they target foreign sites and companies .
Once they go after information inside China , the government cracks down .
For a hacker interested in self - preservation , the choice is clear .
Another part of the bargain appears to be remaining open to government requests .
If the Financial Times report is correct , Operation Aurora was executed with code developed by a thirtysomething freelance Web security consultant working independently , without government prodding .
According to the paper ’s informant , described as a U.S. government researcher , the hacker simply posted a chunk of the code on a hacking forum , where it found its way into Chinese government hands .
“ He would rather not have uniformed guys looking over his shoulder , but there is no way anyone of his skill level can get away from that kind of thing , ” the researcher was quoted as saying .
The rest of the story should become clearer in coming months .
But another report traces the attacks to servers at Shanghai Jiao Tong University ’s School of Information Security Engineering , one of China ’s top computer science schools and a hotbed for freelance hackers .
For years , students there have freely organized hacker groups and traded war stories in forums hosted on the school website .
In 2007 , Shanghai Jiaotong graduate student and veteran hacker Peng Yinan hosted an information session titled “ Hacker in a Nutshell ” in a school conference room .
The PowerPoint slides he worked off — which until recently could be downloaded from his group ’s website , now down — glorify hacker culture and explain successful techniques that can be tried at home , pointing out that Chicago Tribune reporters once uncovered contact information for thousands of CIA agents using a basic online service .
A flier advertising the event described Peng as a consultant for the Shanghai Public Security Bureau .
Another student whose screen name appears on Peng ’s hacks — but who told me he was n’t involved — went on to work for Google .
Could Operation Aurora have been written by a freelancer , picked up by a bureaucrat , and then reassigned to a freelancer with ties to Google ?
It is a possibility worth entertaining , at least .
Some have argued that the Chinese government should have more effective means for securing intelligence than students and online misfits .
But others say a decentralized approach suits Beijing just fine .
“ You can see the benefits of having a blurry line , ” says Lewis .
“ The Russians do it all the time with Estonia : ‘ Of course it was n’t us .
Can you prove it was us ? ' ”
Ultimately , a loose connection between Beijing intelligence operatives and patriotic hackers is more troubling than a strong one .
Governments operate under constraints .
Gangs of young men — as the United States has learned the hard way — do n’t .
“ Certainly if it ’s government - sponsored cyberwarfare , I have someone I can deter , ” says Henderson .
“ If it ’s mutually assured online destruction — OK , I can at least develop a theory on that .
But with rogue Internet actors it ’s very difficult .
They ’re potentially very dangerous . ”
The thought would flatter SharpWinner .
In his TV appearance , he confided his concerns about hacking culture in China .
He had witnessed the disintegration of some prominent hacker groups , and he fretted that most patriots simply get on board whenever some international incident flares up and lay off hacking foreign companies once things cool down .
But with a little effort these challenges can be overcome , he concluded , saying that he is encouraged by a recent resurgence of interest in hacking .
Then he addressed listeners directly .
“ Brothers , ” he intoned , “ go with me !
The future of red hacking is bright ! ”
* The original version of this article cited reports that RAND Corporation had been hit by Aurora .
A RAND spokesman wrote in to say “ RAND has not been hit — we have no evidence of attacks or having been targeted by Aurora . ”
Three - year - old boy arrested as suspected terrorist in France
Arrest :
A three - year - old boy has been detained on suspicion of terrorism with his father in France ( file photo )
A three - year - old was arrested as a suspected terrorist and held at a French police station for more than two hours , it emerged today .
The child – identified only as Daniel – is the son of an illegal immigrant from the Paris suburb of Juvisy .
Last Thursday the pair were arrested as they returned to their car after visiting a leisure centre .
Police officer claimed they were carrying out routine vehicle checks before arrested both father and son .
They were taken to Juvisy Police Station where , after 20 minutes , they were split up .
The father , who is from a North African background , was questioned about links to radical groups possibly linked to Islamic terrorism .
Both he and Daniel were formally placed under investigation .
Daniel ’s mother then arrived at the station and Daniel was finally released after two hours , but local social services said he was in a ‘ severely traumatised state after his ordeal . ’
A spokesman said : ‘ He ca n’t sleep and he ’s crying constantly .
He ’s a terrified little boy .
The whole thing has been an absolute nightmare for him . ’
Juvisy police station , in the Paris suburb of Juvisy , where Daniel and his father were held
Representatives of the RESF ( Réseau Education Sans Frontières ) , a charity which campaigns for the rights of foreign children without official papers , visited the police station for an explanation but were told to leave .
They claimed that detectives had broken articles nine and 37 of the International Convention of Children ’s Rights which stipulate that a child should not be separated from his parents , and that no child should be deprived of his liberty in an arbitrary manner .
A Juvisy police spokesman said : ‘ This matter is being dealt with .
We have no further comment to make . ’
A Soviet cruise missile warhead photographed on the glasnost tour July 5 , 1989 aboard the Slava , a Soviet warship [ Photo courtesy Thomas Cochran , Natural Resources Defense Council ]
The Glasnost tours :
Breaking Down Soviet Military Secrecy From :
The Dead Hand : The Untold Story of the Cold War Arms Race and Its Dangerous Legacy
( Doubleday , 2009 ) By David E. Hoffman
For more information , contact :
David E. Hoffman
hoffmand@washpost.com
202-334-5553 or see : www.thedeadhandbook.com
Related posting Cracking open the Soviet biological weapons system , 1990 Washington , D.C. , April 29 , 2010 - Previously unpublished documents from inside the Kremlin shed new light on how Soviet and American scientists breached the walls of Soviet military secrecy in the final years of the Cold War .
The documents were first disclosed in a new book by by David E. Hoffman , The Dead Hand : The Untold Story of the Cold War Arms Race and Its Dangerous Legacy .
The book was awarded the 2010 Pulitzer Prize for general non-fiction .
The documents are being posted today in English translation by the National Security Archive .
The documents and the book show how a progressive Soviet physicist , Yevgeny Velikhov , challenged the Soviet military and security system , throwing open the doors of glasnost with a series of unprecedented tours of top - secret weapons sites .
Velikhov took American scientists , experts and journalists on these tours just as Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev was accelerating his drive to slow the arms race .
These glasnost tours punctured some of the myths and legends of both sides .
They showed that the Reagan administration had exaggerated Soviet capabilities and also that the Soviet military machine was not as technologically advanced as had been thought .
The book is based in part on thousands of pages of documents obtained by Hoffman detailing key decisions about the Soviet military - industrial complex and arms control in the 1980s .
The documents were collected by Vitaly Katayev , a professional staff member of the Central Committee , and are now deposited at the Hoover Institution at Stanford University .
The book is also based on extensive documentation of the final years of the Cold War in the collection of the National Security Archive .
Glasnost Tour No. 1 : Semipalatinsk , 1986
In his first year in power , 1985 , Gorbachev imposed a unilateral moratorium on Soviet nuclear tests , but Reagan refused to go along , citing doubts about verification .
By the spring of 1986 , Gorbachev was under pressure to resume testing .
Velikhov backed the moratorium , and arranged to bring a team led by Thomas Cochran of the Natural Resources Defense Council to the closed Soviet testing site at Semipalatinsk .
The goal was to help demonstrate the feasibility of seismic verification , thus supporting the rationale for the testing moratorium .
Velikhov pushed hard to persuade Gorbachev and the military to allow the experiment .
The military was strongly against it .
The team began to set up the first station on July 9 .
It was an amazing moment , a toe into a closed zone , accomplished by an environmental group , not by the United States government .
And it demonstrated that scientists could , on their own , break through the Cold War secrecy and mistrust .
Document 1 and Document 2 - This is the Central Committee ’s formal instruction giving permission for the experiment , and ordering the propaganda department to exploit it .
Also , the agreement between Velikhov and Cochran which , to satisfy the military , stipulated that the monitors would be turned off if testing resumed .
[ Source : Hoover Institution Library and Archives , Katayev collection ] Velikhov Request to the Central Committee , 1987 In Washington , both the Defense Department under Caspar Weinberger , and the CIA under William Casey , were deeply skeptical of Gorbachev .
The Pentagon published a glossy annual booklet , Soviet Military Power , a propaganda piece designed to help boost congressional support for Reagan ’s military spending .
The fourth edition , published in April , 1985 , contained the claim that the Soviets had “ two ground - based lasers that are capable of attacking satellites in various orbits . ”
Deputy CIA Director Robert Gates renewed the allegations in a speech in San Francisco in November , 1986 .
Document 3 - In Soviet Military Power , the Pentagon included an artists ’ conception , a black - and - white pencil sketch , showing what purported to be the Saryshagan proving ground .
A building with a dome on top was shown firing a white laser beam into the heavens .
[ Source : Soviet Military Power , 1985 ]
In fact , the long , expensive search to build laser weapons against targets in space had , up to this point , totally fizzled .
The Soviets had not given up hope , but the glossy Pentagon booklet took old failures and hyped them into new threats .
Document 4 - In this memo , dated February 7 , 1987 , Velikhov writes to the Central Committee defense department proposing to challenge the misleading American statements about Soviet laser weapons .
Velikhov suggested : what if Gorbachev himself announced at an upcoming conference that the Soviet Union would open up the top secret test facility at Sary Shagan that was so often at the center of American propaganda ?
What if the Americans were invited to see for themselves that Gates and Soviet Military Power were wrong ?
[ Source : Hoover Institution Library and Archives , Katayev collection ]
Document 5 - This document is the Central Committee staff report on Velikhov ’s idea , which immediately commanded the attention of top security and defense officials , including Lev Zaikov , the Politburo member for the military - industrial complex ; Chief of the General Staff Sergei Akhromeyev ; and the head of the KGB , Viktor Chebrikov .
The staff report dumped cold water on Velikhov ’s idea , saying the American visitors would quickly realize the Soviet equipment was really quite old .
The only thing to hide at Sary Shagan was the painful truth : Soviet technology was way behind .
[ Source : Hoover Institution Library and Archives , Katayev collection ]
Document 6 - On February 12 , 1987 , the Central Committee answered Velikhov : Proposal rejected .
No Americans could see the secret test range .
[ Source : Hoover Institution Library and Archives , Katayev collection ] Glasnost Tour No. 2 : The Krasnoyarsk Radar , 1987 Yevgeny Velikhov ( second from left ) leads a group to visit the Krasnoyarsk Radar site , 1987 [ Photo courtesy Thomas Cochran , Natural Resources Defense Council ]
With small steps , those around Gorbachev began slowly to reverse the secrecy and deceit so deeply woven into the hypermilitarized Soviet system .
The new thinking — honest , but still cautious — was evident in the detailed reference papers that Vitaly Katayev prepared for his superiors in the Central Committee defense department .
Katayev deputy head of the department .
Document 7 - This document is a December 24 , 1986 , memo by Katayev carefully dissecting the points in the speech by Gates , the deputy CIA director , in San Francisco the previous month .
One of those points was the U.S. allegation that the Krasnoyarsk radar was a treaty violation .
Katayev candidly acknowledges that the radar was a violation of the ABM treaty .
[ Source : Hoover Institution Library and Archives , Katayev collection ]
Document 8 - “ The Krasnoyarsk Radar : Closing the Final Gap in Coverage for Ballistic Missile Early Warning , ” CIA , Directorate of Intelligence , June 19 , 1986 , released in part .
An internal CIA report at the time accurately reported the purpose of the radar ( to close a gap in the early warning system ) and the reason it was located in the wrong place ( near transportation and to save money . )
But this report was only declassified in 2000 .
[ Source : CIA , declassified ]
In early September , 1987 , Velikhov struck another hammer blow against Soviet military secrecy .
He won permission to take a group of members of Congress , Cochran , and some journalists to see the Krasnoyarsk radar .
Velikhov was attempting exactly the kind of glasnost gamble the Central Committee had ruled against in February .
What was most remarkable was that the congressmen got an eye - witness look at a top - secret site .
The team took over 1,000 photographs and made an hour of video , and no one tried to interfere .
Velikhov ’s openness undercut both the American propaganda and the Soviet lie .
On October 23 , 1987 Gorbachev told Secretary of State George Shultz that there would be a one - year moratorium on construction .
Shultz replied that the United States would accept nothing short of dismantlement .
Document 9 - This memo , dated Nov. 21 , 1987 , signed by the “ Big Five ” ministers who handled Soviet military and arms control policy , suggests that Moscow should continue to attempt to press the United States for some concessions in exchange for action on the radar .
[ Source : Katayev collection , Hoover Institution ]
Measuring radiation from a Soviet cruise missile aboard the Slava [ Photos courtesy Thomas Cochran , Natural Resources Defense Council ]
The Americans visit Sary Shagan , 1989 [ Photo courtesy Thomas Cochran , Natural Resources Defense Council ]
Velikhov ’s campaign for openness paid one of its most surprising dividends in 1989 when the Soviet leadership finally admitted that the Krasnoyarsk radar was a violation of the ABM treaty .
Shevardnadze made the acknowledgement in a speech to the Soviet legislature , saying , “ It took some time for the leadership of the country to get acquainted with the whole truth and the history about the station . ”
This was a dubious claim , since Shevardnadze had signed the Big Five document two years before .
Glasnost tour No. 3 – Black Sea Experiment , and Sary Shagan , 1989
In July , 1989 , Velikhov brought a group of American scientists , led by Cochran , to the Black Sea to conduct a verification experiment involving a Soviet cruise missile , armed with a nuclear warhead , on a Navy ship .
It was rare for Americans to get so close to a Soviet warhead .
The point was to determine if radiation detectors could spot the presence or absence of a nuclear warhead .
Velikhov wanted to pierce the veil of secrecy , in hopes it would reduce the danger of the arms race .
On a sunny July 5 , 1989 , the Americans , joined by a group of Soviet scientists , lugged their radiation detectors aboard the Slava , a 610 - foot Soviet cruiser at Yalta on the Black Sea .
At that moment , the ship held a single SS - N - 12 nuclear - armed cruise missile , NATO code - named “ Sandbox , ” stored in the forward , exterior , starboard launcher .
The Soviets were so nervous about the visit that they had rehearsed it for weeks .
They feared the Americans might learn too much about the design of the warhead .
In one extraordinary glasnost moment , the hatch was opened and the Americans took photographs of the dark , menacing tip of the cruise missile , lurking just inside the cover .
No sooner were the scientists back in Moscow on July 7 than Velikhov bundled them off to the airport to see another secret installation .
They flew 850 miles east to Chelyabinsk - 40 , near the town of Kyshtym , a nuclear complex built in Stalin ’s day , where reactors had churned out plutonium for nuclear weapons .
The complex was top - secret , but when Velikhov appeared at the gates , they swung open .
The last stop on Velikhov ’s glasnost tour was the most daring , the one he had first suggested to the Central Committee , and which they had rejected : the Sary Shagan laser test site .
This was the facility that was subject of the ominous illustration in Soviet Military Power showing a beam shooting straight up into the heavens .
The Soviet leadership knew the claims were untrue , but had been embarrassed to admit it .
Velikhov brought the Americans to see for themselves on July 8 .
Frank Von Hippel , a physicist at Princeton University , quickly realized the U.S. claims had been vastly exaggerated .
“ It was sort of a relic , ” he said of the lasers he saw there , which were the equivalent of industrial lasers , easily purchased in the West .
There was no sign of the war machine the Reagan administration had conjured up .
“ These guys had been abandoned , a backwater of the military - industrial complex .
It was from an earlier time .
It was really pitiful . ”
The one “ computer ” consisted of transistor boards wired together — built before the personal computer .
“ They had been trying to see whether they could get a reflection off a satellite , ” he recalled .
“ They never succeeded . ”
The CNT ’s Expropriators — An Excerpt from Anarchism and the City
Hi folks ,
For those interested in anarchism ’s storied past — and curious as to what its future may hold — we are happy ( ecstatic ) to present Chris Ealham ’s new book , Anarchism and the City : Revolution and Counter - revolution in Barcelona , 1898 –1937 .
The following excerpt is from Chapter 6 , “ Militarised anarchism , 1932 – 1936 , ” which charts a period of insurrection , militarization , and expropriation for the CNT .
Missing from below are thirty footnotes and a rose - colored - glasses view of the Barcelona working - class .
—
In an attempt to save the organisation from collapse , the armed groups within the orbit of the CNT and the FAI initiated new forms of fundraising .
It is not certain from where the instruction emanated .
It has been suggested that the FAI Peninsular Committee issued an appeal to the defence committees and its own grupos for money .
Yet it is far from certain that the FAI had authority in such matters , and it is more likely that the order came from the Catalan CRT , which was ultimately responsible for the unions , press and prisoners ’ welfare in the region .
However , what we can be sure about is the fact that the recourse to illegal funding strategies cannot be explained solely in terms of the economic crisis of the CNT , for many revolutionary groups faced economic limitations on their activities during the 1930s and did not follow this path .
Rather , it was the rise of the radical anarchists , for whom armed actions were central to all social protest , which sealed the switch to illegal fundraising tactics .
Indeed , in much the same way as the radicals justified the illegality of the unemployed , so also did they rationalise that which funded the movement , drawing a sharp distinction between the term ‘ robber ’ and those who requisitioned money for ‘ the cause ’ .
Thus , just as the armed grupos were called upon to fill the vacuum left by the decline in CNT syndical muscle , so too were they required to secure the internal funding of the Confederation .
There was no single funding mechanism .
In some cases , a form of ‘ revolutionary tax ’ was levied against employers and companies , who were informed of the sum involved ( which depended on company size and which might run into tens of thousands of pesetas for large enterprises ) , the method of payment and the sanctions for non-payment , which ranged from the threat of sabotage against plant to the murder of managers .
Since the authorities discouraged employers from meeting these ‘ tax ’ demands , it is difficult to know how often it was paid .
We can nevertheless get a sense of how the ‘ revolutionary tax ’ operated from anecdotal evidence in the memoirs of managers and activists and from the press following the killing of employers for non-payment .
There is also evidence that the ‘ revolutionary tax ’ was imposed on businesses that had been involved in strikes with the CNT and were thus held responsible for exhausting the resources of both the movement and their supporters .
In l’Hospitalet , the Comité libertario pro-revolución social ( Libertarian Committee for Social Revolution ) levied the ‘ tax ’ on high - profile businessmen , such as Salvador Gil i Gil , a local councillor active in the repression of street traders .
Yet the most common method of funding was armed expropriation , normally involving attacks on banks and payrolls .
As one militant explained , ‘ to raid a bank was an episode of the social war ’ .
Although , as we saw in Chapter 2 , this strategy was used by anarchist groups after World War One , it was first utilised by CNT squads in the republican period during the wood workers ’ strike ( November 1932 to April 1933 ) , when pickets punished intransigent employers by expropriating their cash boxes and safes .
Sometimes , businesses owned by right wingers were also deliberately targeted .
This funding tactic became highly attractive because , as one activist explained , ‘ one well prepared attack and you get away with a sum of money equal to four weeks collections ’ .
By 1934 , expropriations were a recurring feature of urban life , sometimes bringing as much as 100,000 pesetas into union funds at a single stroke .
The expropriations presented Companys , who replaced the recently deceased Macià as president of the Generalitat at the end of 1933 , with a sharp dilemma .
On 1 January 1934 , in accordance with the devolution programme specified by the Catalan Autonomy Statute , the Generalitat ’s newly formed Comissaria d’Ordre Públic ( Public Order Office ) assumed responsibility for policing .
Determined to demonstrate its competence in the realm of public order to a suspicious centre - right government in Madrid and a critical Lliga in Barcelona , the Generalitat increased ‘ the drive to persecute robbers , murderers and wreckers ’ , fearing that anything less would give the impression that order had been lost .
Responsibility for the new autonomous Catalan police rested with Josep Dencàs and Miquel Badia , Generalitat interior minister and Barcelona police chief , respectively .
While apparently Catalanising the security forces , Dencàs and Badia , both of whom had close links with the quasi - fascist ERC youth movement , the escamots , politicised policing in a way that had never been seen before .
Along with his brother Josep , Badia drafted the violently anti-CNT , anti-migrant escamots into the Catalan police ; the Sometent was also purged and replaced by escamots .
Meanwhile , Jaume Vachier , an ERC councillor and businessman , took charge of the Guàrdia Urbana .
Because the expropriations were viewed as a deliberate attack on Catalan institutions , the grupistas were now repressed without quarter .
The legal sanctions applied against grupistas and expropriators were stern : anyone found in possession of explosives could expect a prison term of up to twenty - two years ; armed robbery normally meant a sentence of between thirteen and seventeen years , while the crime of firing at the police was normally punished with nine years in jail .
Yet this did not deter the expropriators , who compromised the key professional claim of the police – that the force detected crime – for if the grupistas were not detained in flagrante delicto they proved difficult , near impossible , to apprehend .
In fact , when cornered , the expropriators , who were equipped with a range of weaponry , including pistols , sub - machine - guns and grenades , were a genuine match for the security forces .
Following a payroll heist at a factory in central Barcelona , one grupo used guns and grenades to break through a police cordon and , when they were later intercepted by an asalto patrol in Santa Coloma , another gun battle ensued , after which the expropriators disappeared .
The elimination of the ‘ cancer of banditry ’ was a key factor in the evolution of the new autonomous police .
Police Chief Badia , who was known to his admirers as Capità Collons ( Captain Balls ) , took personal responsibility for the repression of the expropriators , regularly joining the front line during shoot - outs and picking up a number of gunshot wounds in the process .
According to one Barcelona faísta who had connections in catalaniste circles , Badia planned to establish a special police unit dedicated to the extra-judicial killing of anarchists , an initiative that was blocked by the personal intervention of Companys , who feared the consequences of a return to the pistolerisme of the early 1920s .
Nevertheless , Badia succeeded in raising the stakes in the war against the expropriators and the grupistas , adding a new viciousness to the history of policing in Iberia .
Independent doctors regularly confirmed that suspected grupistas leaving the Comissaria d’Ordre Públic had been brutally mistreated and , according to anarchists and communists who had experience with the police during the monarchy and the Republic , the autonomous Catalan security forces were the most vicious of all .
In one notorious case , following a shoot - out between police and an armed gang on the outskirts of the city , Badia left wounded ‘ murcianos ’ without medical treatment , and it was only after a heated argument with a Guardia Civil commander that an ambulance was called to the scene .
There is also evidence that the Generalitat police adopted a policy of selective assassination of ‘ FAI criminals ’ .
The first suspicious death occurred in early 1934 , when the body of a young faísta was found on wasteland on the outskirts of Barcelona .
Although the deceased had apparently earlier participated in a gunfight with the police , the fact that he died from a single shot from a police - issue revolver suggested that he had been summarily executed .
In a separate case , an unarmed cenetista was shot and killed in broad daylight by an off - duty policeman in a Les Corts street .
Memories of 1920s police tactics were evoked again when an unarmed grupista was shot in the back after he allegedly ‘ attempted to escape ’ .
Meanwhile , in mid-April , after a gunfight in which over 200 rounds were exchanged , Bruno Alpini , an Italian anarchist and expropriator , was killed on Paral . lel in what was regarded in anarchist circles as a classic act of Ley de Fugas .
The following month , two more expropriators were shot dead by police in the drive to ‘ clean up ’ Barcelona .
Despite intense police pressure , the number of expropriations showed no sign of abating throughout 1934 and 1935 , demonstrating that increased policing does not necessarily reduce illegality .
This very point was recognised in a police report published in the press in April 1935 : ‘ When a trial for robbery or an assassination occurs , immediately new robberies are committed … an established chain of punishable events .
… It is this continuity that it is vital to break ’ .
There are several reasons for this ‘ continuity ’ .
First , it was impossible for the authorities to provide a permanent guard for the numerous large sums of money transported around and concentrated within the city that were targeted by well - drilled and selective expropriators , who apparently launched attacks when they knew they had a good chance of escape .
Moreover , since speed was one of the expropriators ’ main allies , they used cars , often hijacked taxis or stolen from the rich , that they knew were faster than police models .
The expropriators also recognised that , if they were injured , they would be looked after by the organisation and could receive medical attention from doctors supportive of the CNT–FAI .
Second , the expropriation squads were deeply rooted in the social formation and were virtually impossible for the police to infiltrate .
Recruited from proven activists from the defence committees and the prisoners ’ support committee , as well as some of the more willing and capable members of the grupos de afinidad , the expropriators were trusted individuals , many of whom during earlier , less repressive times had organised union collections in workplaces and barris .
Some expropriators were ‘ professional revolutionaries ’ in the classic sense ; they had experience of evading the police from the postwar years , possessed the necessary pseudonyms and false identities and tended to move around , staying with comrades and in ‘ safe houses ’ .
In a positive sense , this commitment to the movement explains the high level of probity among the expropriators , who also needed little reminder of the sanctions that would have been applied to anyone who attempted to abscond with the organisation ’s money .
In addition to the unity derived from a common ideology and shared objectives , the expropriators also relied on the affective ties of kinship and neighbouring .
Many expropriators were recruited from local families with a history of anarchist and union activism .
Moreover , the family structure , so often associated with the stability of the existing order , frequently gave considerable coherence to the high - risk activities of the expropriators .
In one squad , a father and son worked together .
Meanwhile , Los Novatos , a grupo de afinidad active in funding initiatives , included five brothers from the Cano Ruiz family and two other sets of brothers , all of whom resided within a square kilometre of one another in the La Torrassa barri .
The esprit de corps that so typifies such close - knit groups ensured that , when the security forces succeeded in detaining members of a squad , they stubbornly refused to betray their comrades by talking to the police or by passing information on to the authorities .
Indeed , detained grupistas relied on a version of omertà , repeatedly informing police that they had occasioned upon their accomplices in a bar or cafe , that they could not remember anything about their appearance and that they had failed to ask their names .
Grupistas also frequently told police that these same strangers had lent them any arms they had in their possession at the time of their arrest , a completely unbelievable story concocted not to appear credible but to frustrate police investigations .
Meanwhile , anyone who gave in to police pressure ran the danger of being perceived as a traitor , a perfidy that was dealt with in summary fashion .
A few other observations can be made about the expropriators .
They were invariably male .
Women rarely participated and , when they did , their involvement was almost exclusively of an auxiliary nature .
The expropriators were also predominantly young and single .
Even the more seasoned activists in the squads were normally under forty , while the most active expropriators of the 1930s were in their early twenties , such as Josep Martorell i Virgili , dubbed ‘ Public Enemy Number One ’ in the bourgeois press , who was only twenty when arrested , by which time he had launched a series of bank robberies for the CNT and for the anarchist movement .
The expropriations provide yet another example of the readiness of the anarchists to mobilise beyond the factory proletariat and channel the rebellion of those deemed unmobilisable by other left - wing groups .
This was perhaps epitomised by the presence of several former detainees from the Asil Durán borstal among the expropriators , such as the aforementioned Martorell .
The eclectic tactical repertoire of the anarchists , their continuing ability to combine ‘ modern ’ with older protest forms , increased the vitality of their resistance struggle , and , in equal measure , scandalised the ‘ men of order ’ .
March 9 , 2010
This is an addon to my previous post , “ Natural Language Processing in Clojure with clojure - opennlp “ .
If you ’re unfamiliar with NLP or the clojure - opennlp library , please read the previous post first .
In that post , I told you I was going to use clojure - opennlp to enhance a searching engine , so , let ’s start with the problem !
The Problem
( Ideas first , code coming later .
Be patient . )
So , let ’s say you have a sentence :
“ The override system is meant to deactivate the accelerator when the brake pedal is pressed . ”
I took this sentence out of a NYTimes article talking about the recent Toyota recalls , just pretend it ’s an interesting sentence .
Let ’s say that you wanted to search for things containing the word “ brake “ ; well , that ’s easy for a computer to do right ?
But , let ’s say you want to search for things around the word “ brake “ , would n’t that make the search better ?
You would be able to find a lot more articles / pages / books / whatever you might be interested in , instead of ones that only contained the word key word .
So , in a naïve ( for a computer ) pass for words around the key word , we can come up with this :
“ The override system is meant to deactivate the accelerator when the brake pedal is pressed . ”
Right .
Well .
That really is n’t helpful , it ’s not like the words “ when ” , “ the ” or “ is ” are going to help us find other things related to this topic .
We got lucky with “ pedal ” , that will definitely help find things that are interesting , but might not actually have the word brake in them .
What we really need , is something that can pick words out of the sentence that we can also search for .
Almost any human could do this trivially , so here ’s what I ’d probably pick :
“ The override system is meant to deactivate the accelerator when the brake pedal is pressed . ”
See the words in red ?
Those are the important terms I ’d probably search for if I were trying to find more information about this topic .
Notice anything special about them ?
Turns out , they ’re all nouns or verbs .
This is where the NLP ( Natural Language Processing ) comes into play for this , given a sentence like the above , we can categorize it into it ’s parts by doing what ’s called POS - Tagging ( POS == Parts Of Speech ) :
[ “ The ” “ DT ” ] [ “ override ” “ NN ” ] [ “ system ” “ NN ” ] [ “ is ” “ VBZ ” ] [ “ meant ” “ VBN ” ] [ “ to ” “ TO ” ] [ “ deactivate ” “ VB ” ] [ “ the ” “ DT ” ] [ “ accelerator ” “ NN ” ] [ “ when ” “ WRB ” ] [ “ the ” “ DT ” ] [ “ brake ” “ NN ” ] [ “ pedal ” “ NN ” ] [ “ is ” “ VBZ ” ] [ “ pressed ” “ VBN ” ] [ “ . ” “ . ” ]
So next to each word , we can see what part of speech that word belongs to .
Things starting with “ NN ” are nouns , things starting with “ VB ” are verbs .
Doing this is non-trivial .
( A full list of tags can be found here ) .
That ’s why there are software libraries written by people smarter than me for doing this sort of thing ( * cough * opennlp * cough * ) .
I ’m just writing the Clojure wrappers for the library .
Anyway , back to the problem , so what I need to do is strip out all the non-noun and non-verb words in the sentence , that leaves us with this :
[ “ override ” “ NN ” ] [ “ system ” “ NN ” ] [ “ is ” “ VBZ ” ] [ “ meant ” “ VBN ” ] [ “ deactivate ” “ VB ” ] [ “ accelerator ” “ NN ” ] [ “ brake ” “ NN ” ] [ “ pedal ” “ NN ” ] [ “ is ” “ VBZ ” ] [ “ pressed ” “ VBN ” ]
We ’re getting closer , right ?
Now , searching for things like “ is ” probably wo n’t help , so let ’s strip out all the words with less than 3 characters :
[ “ override ” “ NN ” ] [ “ system ” “ NN ” ] [ “ meant ” “ VBN ” ] [ “ deactivate ” “ VB ” ] [ “ accelerator ” “ NN ” ] [ “ brake ” “ NN ” ] [ “ pedal ” “ NN ” ] [ “ pressed ” “ VBN ” ]
Now we get to a point where we have to make some kind of decision about what terms to use , for this project , I decided to weight the terms that were nearer to the original search term , only taking two of the closest words in each direction , after scoring this sentence you get :
[ “ override ” 0 ] [ “ system ” 0 ] [ “ meant ” 0 ] [ “ deactivate ” 0.25 ] [ “ accelerator ” 0.5 ] [ “ brake ” 1 ] [ “ pedal ” 0.5 ] [ “ pressed ” 0.25 ]
The red next to each word indicates how heavily we ’ll weight each word when we use it for subsequent searches .
The score is divided by 2 for each unit of distance away from the original key term .
Not perfect , but it works pretty well .
That was pretty easy to follow , right ?
Now imagine having a large body of text , and a term .
First you ’d generate a list of key words from sentences directly containing the term , score them each and store them in a big map .
On a second pass , you can start scoring each sentence by using the map of words => scores you ’ve already built .
In this way , you can then rank sentences , including those that do n’t even contain the actual word you ’ve searched for , but are still relevant to the original term .
Now , my friend , you have context searching .
Congratulations , that was a really long explanation .
It ended up being a bit more like pseudocode , right ?
( or at least an idea of how to construct a program ) .
Hopefully after understand the previous explanation , the code should be easy to read .
The Code
( note : this is very rough code , I know it ’s not entirely idiomatic and has a ton of room for enhancement and parallelization , feel free to suggest improvements in the comments however ! )
The most important functions to check out are ( score - words [ term words ] ) method , which returns a list of vectors of words and their score , and the ( get - scored - terms ) method , which returns a map of words as keys and scores as values for the entire text , given the initial term .
Here ’s the output from the last few lines :
contextfinder= > ( pprint ( reverse ( sort - by second ( score- sentences mytext scorewords ) ) ) )
( [ " The override system is meant to deactivate the accelerator when the brake pedal is pressed . " 13/4 ]
[ " The Obama administration is considering requiring all automobiles to contain a brake override system intended to prevent sudden acceleration episodes like those that have led to the recall of millions of Toyotas , the Transportation secretary , Ray LaHood , said Tuesday . " 5/2 ]
[ " Often called a \ " smart pedal , \ " the feature is already found on many automobiles sold worldwide , including models from BMW , Chrysler , Mercedes - Benz , Nissan and Volkswagen . " 3/4 ]
[ " That will let the driver stop safely even if the cars throttle sticks open . " 0 ] )
I highlighted the score for each sentence in red , see how sentences such as the third in the list have a score , but do n’t contain the word “ brake ” ?
Those would have been missed entirely without this kind of searching .
contextfinder= > ( println ( score - text mytext scorewords ) )
13/2
Score a whole block of text , self - explanatory .
Anyway , I ’ve already spent hours writing the explanation for why you ’d want to do this sort of searching , so I think I ’ll save the explanation of the code for another post .
Hopefully it ’s clear enough to stand on its own .
If you find this interesting , I encourage you to check out the clojure - opennlp bindings and start building other cool linguistic tools !
“ After platinum , albums go Makmende ” “ They once made a makmende toilet paper , but there was a problem :
It would n’t take shit from anybody !!! ”
“ Makmende hangs his clothes on a safaricom line and when they dry he stores them in a flashdisk ! ”
If those simple truths do n’t make sense to you , you ’re probably not a Kenyan blogger .
For the past few days , Kenya ’s blogosphere and twitterers have been in thrall to the latest African superhero , and what might be Kenya ’s first viral internet meme .
An article in a Wall Street Journal blog today confirmed that Makmende is receiving attention beyond East Africa , demonstrating that our Kenyan friends are just as capable as any Moldovan boy band of creating internet buzz .
The video for Just a Band ’s single “ Ha - He ” features a badass protagonist straight out of blaxploitation films .
Armed with an array of freeze - frame kung fu moves , Makmende brings justice to the mean streets of a hazy , sun-drenched city that seems caught somewhere between Nairobi and 1970s LA .
Tongue is firmly in cheek , as the video credits introduce characters including “ Taste of Daynjah ” , “ Wrong Number ” and bad guys “ The Askyua Matha Black Militants ” .
archer at Mwanamishale fills the rest of us in on the meaning of the term , Makmende :
Makmende was a term used way back in the early to mid 1990s to refer to someone who thinks he�s a superhero .
For example , if a boy who�s watched one too many kung - fu movies on TV decides to unleash his newly acquired combat skills , he would be asked � Unajidai Makmende , eh ? �
( Who do you think you are , Makmende ? )
Trust me , there was a Makmende in every hood !
Given the high production values of the video , the fact that it accompanies a sweet track from Just a Band , and that the video producers evidently released a set of photoshopped magazine covers featuring Makmende as GQ ’s sole “ Badass of the Year ” , perhaps it ’s not surprising that Kenyan netizens have taken the Makmende trend to the next level .
He ’s got a Facebook page , a Twitter account , and a dedicated website filled with thousands of testimonies to his badassitude : “ Makmende uses viagra in his eyedrops , just to look hard . ”
The obvious parallel is Chuck Norris Facts , an internet meme that manifested mostly through image macros that attest to the action star ’s manliness .
( “ Chuck Norris counted to infinity .
Twice . ” )
For now , the Makmende phenomenon appears to be largely text - based , with Kenyans around the world connecting the events of the day to Makmende ’s movements : “ is the massive pour in Nairobi as a result of Makmende ’s tear after the WSJ feature ? ”
What he does n’t have is a Wikipedia page .
I searched this morning on the English - language Wikipedia and got a page telling me that Makmende had been deleted :
* 00:37 , 24 March 2010 Flyguy649 ( talk | contribs ) deleted “ Makmende ” ?
( CSD G3 : Pure Vandalism )
* 22:53 , 23 March 2010 Malik Shabazz ( talk | contribs ) deleted “ Makmende ” ?
( G12 : Unambiguous copyright infringement ( CSDH ) )
* 18:30 , 23 March 2010 JoJan ( talk | contribs ) deleted “ Makmende ” ?
( G1 : Patent nonsense , meaningless , or incomprehensible )
Looks like multiple attempts to establish a Makmende page have been shot down .
Fair enough – the inclusionist / deletionist argument that ’s gripped Wikipedia centers in part on the documentation of ephemeral culture .
Perhaps an English language encyclopedia does n’t need mention of every internet meme … though pages exist for Numa Numa , the song that inspired the viral video , the guy who performed in the viral video , and so on .
Perhaps if Makmende reaches the heights of internet fame that memes like Eduard Khil or Back Dorm Boys have achieved , he ’ll no longer be “ patent nonsense , meaningless or incomprehensible . ”
Here ’s an interesting puzzle for Wikipedia .
Makmende may never become particularly important to English speaking users outside of Kenya .
But the phenomenon ’s quite important within the Kenyan internet : it ’s the first meme I can remember going truly viral and inspiring a wave of participation from Kenyans around the world .
I recall a conversation at 2006 Wikimania in Cambridge where ( friend and GV editor ) Ndesanjo Macha , a major contributor to the Swahili Wikipedia , explained that the topics covered in that wikipedia were likely to be different from those included in the English wikipedia .
( More articles on east African culture , less on Pokemon , perhaps . )
Indeed , the Wikipedias in Gaelic , Welsh and Plattd��tsch are cultural projects as much as attempts to make key reference materials available , as most speakers of these languages are fluent in other languages that have much larger Wikipedias .
Most Wikipedians seemed to accept the idea that different languages and cultures might want to include different topics in their encyclopedias .
But what happens when we share a language but not a culture ?
Is there a point where Makmende is sufficiently important to English - speaking Kenyans that he merits a Wikipedia page even if most English - speakers could n’t care less ?
Or is there an implicit assumption that an English - language Wikipedia is designed to enshrine landmarks of shared historical and cultural importance to people who share a language ?
For me , Makmende ’s a reminder that the internet is n’t as small and connected as we tend to believe it is .
We occasionally catch glimpses over cultural walls when we use these tools .
Sometimes we respond with fascination and seek to learn more .
Often , our behavior ’s not as admirable .
danah boyd closed her talk on Digital Visibility at Supernova this past year with an uncomfortable observation about racism in Twitter :
Think of those who complained when the Trending Topics on Twitter reflected icons of the black community during the Black Entertainment Television awards .
Tweets like : “ wow !!
too many negros in the trending topics for me .
I may be done with this whole twitter thing . ” and “ Did anyone see the new trending topics ?
I do n’t think this is a very good neighborhood .
Lock the car doors kids . ” and “ Why are all the black people on trending topics ?
Neyo ?
Beyonce ?
Tyra ?
Jamie Foxx ?
Is it black history month again ? LOL ” .
These tweets should send a shiver down your spine .
Perhaps these people assumed that Twitter was a white - dominant space where blacks were welcome only if they were a minority .
danah goes on to point out that not everyone reacts to encountering topics outside of their comfort sphere with shock or surprise .
I found it encouraging that the Wall Street Journal saw the emergence of a Kenyan meme as a chance to explore Kenyan internet culture rather than to turn away in ignorance or disinterest .
Let ’s hope the next time Makmende seeks a place in Wikipedia , he ’s met with a bit more curiosity and less dismissal .
Roughly six seconds after I posted this piece , Twitter users reported a new version of the Makmende article on WIkipedia .
Here ’s hoping this one survives summary deletion …!
The MW division has gotten worse ; prime GSP would 've run through these guys
A recent set of posts here at Psych Today provide a case study in how findings about marital status and life outcomes get misunderstood and misrepresented , and then set off a chain reaction of false proclamations about the transformative powers of getting married .
The myths get perpetuated , and the purveyors of bad social science writing can usually count on not getting called on it .
Not this time .
Matrimania Unleashed
PT bloggers Charles and Elizabeth Schmitz were so psyched .
With exclamation points galore , they proclaimed what they understood to be the results of the latest study .
" Get married and avoid a stroke ! "
That was the headline of their post .
Start reading and you will find this : " So here 's the deal , stay single or have an unhappy , and increase the risk of having a stroke by 64 % !
Wow , is this an incentive for a happy marriage or what ! ! "
( Answer : " or what . " )
With this unfortunate start as a lead in , they then go on to propagate many of the other myths about getting married - that people who get married live longer , have better health , and all the rest .
Sometimes their claims are qualified - you have to have a happy marriage to get all the benefits .
That 's telling , too .
Another blogger quickly jumped in to cheerlead for marriage .
He touted the finding , which he described as " remarkable , " that 90 % of people who are currently married say they would marry their spouse again .
( If it is not immediately clear what 's wrong with that claim , my critique is here . )
Then the comments started .
James Littleton ( I do n't know if that 's his real name ) said he followed the link to the report of the stroke research , and declared that the Schmitz duo " stated the current research exactly correct !!! "
( He 's excited , too . )
Based on his Google search , he added that " there are many findings from studies that report all of the other benefits stated in this article . "
He then thanked the Schmitz 's for their " good job of reporting for their readers . "
I wish the Schmitz 's , the other blogger , and James Littleton were the only perpetrators of these false tales about getting married .
But claims like this get posted and published all the time , setting off even more misinformation , more exclamation points , and just plain bad science reporting .
The problem is , though , that if the basic research paradigm does not support causal conclusions ( e. . , " get married and avoid a stroke " ) , it does not matter how many such flawed studies there are or how many exclamation points you add at the end of your false statements - they are still false .
What that Stroke Study Really Did Show
So let 's see what the research really did show .
First of all , your alarm system should go off as soon as you hear that the results were reported at a conference and not in a peer - reviewed journal article .
The only thing online is an abstract ( here and here ) and a press release ( and numerous pieces drawing solely from those documents ) .
Readers of this blog know that I always want to read the original research report before I make claims about what the study showed .
I emailed both the author of the study and the person who was asked to comment on it at the conference , and asked for the published journal article .
Both responded promptly .
There is no published version , and no copy of the talk as presented at the conference was available either ( or they just decided not to send it to me ) .
I asked some specific questions , and the study author answered some of them right away .
So now let me tell you what I was able to learn about what the study really did show .
1 . First , the men described as single included men who were , separated , and widowed , as well as those who had always been single .
So , as is typical in so much of the research touting the ostensible advantages of getting married ( recall the title of the Schmitz - pair 's post , " Get married and avoid a stroke ! " ) , many of the men in the " single " group DID get married .
They just hated it , and got unmarried .
The always - single men were not analyzed separately from the previously married men .
That matters quite a lot .
In many studies , the always - single group does better than the previously married group , and very similarly to the currently married group ( even though the latter group is a select subgroup including only those who got married and stayed that way ) .
2. Second , this was not a longitudinal study .
The men were not studied at various points in time over the course of their adult lives , as they got married or unmarried or stayed single .
So the findings that have gotten so much were based primarily on three things : the marital status of the men in the study in 1963 ; for the married men , their ratings of how successful their marriages were in 1965 ; and for all the men , how many had died of a stroke by 1997 .
( The abstract also reported the overall rates of death in 1997 for the two groups , but I have n't seen that mentioned in any of the media reports or commentary . )
Again , as with point # 1 , the implication is that this study did not , and could not , tell us anything about the implications of getting married for stroke or anything else .
3 . Third , about that 64 % : Recall the Schmitz 's statement : " So here 's the deal , stay single or have an unhappy marriage , and increase the risk of having a stroke by 64 % ! "
That sure sounds like a lot of stroked - out single men and unhappily married men .
( The study is actually about fatal strokes only , not all strokes . )
It sounds like a huge difference .
I asked the author about the death percentages corresponding to the unmarried and married men , and to the unsuccessfully married and successfully married men .
He did not respond to that question , but I can give you some idea by referring to what was reported in the abstract .
Of the men who were currently married at the start of the study , 7.1 % had died of a stroke within the subsequent 34 years .
Of the unmarried group ( divorced , widowed , separated , and always - single ) , 8.4 % had died of a stroke within the same time frame .
Probably not the sort of difference you imagined when you heard that 64 % figure .
4. Fourth , what about rates of death from all causes ?
For the married men , 64.9 % of them had died by 1997 .
For the group in which the divorced , widowed , separated , and always - single men were all glommed together , 69.7 % had died by that time .
Again , this is a difference , but probably not the one you expected when you heard that men could cut their risk of a fatal stroke by 64 % if only they did not " stay single or have an unhappy marriage . "
And again , remember , that difference between 64.9 and 69.7 is NOT the result of getting married , because many of the men in the unmarried group did get married - and hated it and got divorced .
5 . Fifth , notice the practice , so commonplace in studies of marital status , of looking closely within the married group to find the men with the best outcomes , while not doing anything comparable for the singles .
So , the author compares the men who were most positive about their marriages to the men who were least positive .
He finds that the ones with the more successful marriages were less likely to have a fatal stroke .
He never compares the most happily single men with the least happily single men , or those who wanted to be single with those who did not .
It is as if the goal were to find something great about marriage , rather than to apply the same even - handed scientific method to all groups .
The bottom line is this .
Contrary to the title of the Schmitz 's blog post , the research did not show that you can " get married and avoid a stroke . "
The very design of the study made that conclusion impossible to demonstrate .
Still More False Claims
Said the Schmitz's , " You see , the benefits of marriage are numerous . "
Actually , they are not .
I 've explained this so many times that I wo n't go over it all again here .
I 'll just refer you to other places where I did spell it out , such as in Singled Out , Single with Attitude , and posts such as this one on this Living Single blog .
Finally , thanks to Kath for the heads - up about the stroke study .
Added later : I looked up the Wendy Wood research mentioned by the Schmitz's .
It is a review paper published in Psychological Bulletin in 1989 .
In it , the authors compared currently married people to all unmarried taken together ( divorced , widowed , and always - single ) .
So , just like all the rest , this work cannot be used to support the claim that getting married has some transformative effect .
Seven - time Formula 1 world champion Michael Schumacher has hit back at those who labelled the opening grand prix of the season as boring .
The curtain - raising race in Bahrain was criticised by some fans and pundits for its lack of overtaking and drama , with new rules for 2010 being blamed .
But Mercedes driver Schumacher defended F1 ahead of Sunday 's Australian GP .
" It is not motorcycle racing , it has always had less overtaking - the excitement is still there for fans . "
This season has seen refuelling banned for the first time since 1993 , which means cars must run with a full load from the start .
The other major rule change stipulates that the top 10 drivers on the grid must begin the race on the tyres they used in the final qualifying session .
It 's much too early to jump to conclusions and we should not react in an emotional way
Ferrari boss Stefano Domenicali
The new regulations were designed to encourage more competitive racing , but instead produced a race bereft of overtaking opportunities at the Sakhir track .
After the race , McLaren drivers Jenson Button and Lewis Hamilton expressed concerns over the difficulty of overtaking resulting from the new refuelling ban .
But speaking after his victory in Bahrain , Ferrari driver Fernando Alonso called on his rivals to give the new rules more time .
The two - time world champion said : " I think many of us gave some hot - headed comments immediately after the race in Bahrain .
" It 's too early to talk about changing the rules . "
Schumacher , who made his F1 debut in 1991 , echoed Alonso 's sentiments , saying that his long experience of the sport told him that the lack of overtaking in Bahrain was more the rule than the exception .
" The matter of fact is there was no overtaking , " Schumacher said .
" But tell me when there has been more overtaking ?
Formula 1 has always had this situation .
" There are very clever people always thinking how to improve , make things better ... its not so easy . "
Mercedes team boss Ross Brawn told BBC
Sport before the season that the teams would review that decision after a few races to give the new rules time to settle down .
And McLaren team principal Martin Whitmarsh and his Red Bull counterpart Christian Horner have both suggested there should be two mandatory tyre stops during each race in an attempt to produce more exciting finishes .
But Alonso , who secured his first victory in his debut race for Ferrari in Bahrain , has pleaded for patience .
606 : DEBATE
Give this season a chance , I am sure we will all find that things get better
sergeantchadders
" We have to wait and see different races and check the situation , without being emotional , " said the Spaniard .
" Something that confuses the fans is changing the rules all the time . "
Ferrari team principal Stefano Domenicali echoed Alonso's views , suggesting his rival teams should assess the new rules as the season progresses .
" It 's much too early to jump to conclusions and we should not react in an emotional way , " Domenicali said .
" We must wait and see how the races evolve throughout the season and then the subject can be studied calmly based on sufficient evidence . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
" Journalism is our core value ; it ’s who we are , " Greg D’Alba , CNN executive vice president and chief operating officer for advertising sales and marketing , told an audience of potential advertising buyers on Tuesday morning in New York ’s Time Warner Center .
" We ’re the only credible , nonpartisan voice left .
And that matters , " added Jim Walton , president for CNN Worldwide .
" Our mission , our mandate , is to deliver the best journalism in the world , " chimed in Jonathan Klein , president for CNN U.S.
" No bias , no agenda .
We will never abandon our core faith in being the sole nonpartisan cable network in this country . "
Well , as Ernest Hemingway ’s Jake Barnes once said in a decidedly different context , " Is n’t it pretty to think so ? "
In fact , to pretend that CNN has upheld the standards described above would be to embrace a fiction plotline so contradictory to our experience in reality that few novelists would dare try it .
Remember , it was n’t long ago that Lou Dobbs broadcast nightly on the network , ratcheting up the racism of the anti-immigrant hordes and bestowing an undeserved stamp of legitimacy of the nutty " birther " movement .
At the time , Klein tried to pretend that Dobbs had only " reported on " on the alleged controversy rather than promoted it .
But ask yourself if that ’s the case when , for instance , on July 20 , 2009 , speaking of Obama ’s birth certificate , Dobbs told his CNN audience , " Seemingly the questions wo n’t go away because they have n’t been dealt with . "
A day later , he insisted , " All he has to do is produce the original birth certificate . "
In fact , right after Klein announced that " Barack Obama is an American citizen .
That is settled .
It is a dead issue as far as CNN is concerned , " Dobbs returned to it the very next day .
" My question is simply , why not provide the long form birth certificate and end all of the discussion ? "
Interestingly , as Jamison Foser pointed out on Media Matters at the time , Howard Kurtz , the host of CNN ’s " Reliable Sources " media program — and no stranger to conflicts of interest himself — did not deign to cover CNN ’s birther problems .
Rather audaciously , he blamed MSNBC ’s Chris Matthews for reporting on them instead .
" Think about that , " wrote Foser .
" Howard Kurtz , who is a paid employee of CNN , blamed Chris Matthews , who hosts a show for CNN ’s competitor , for giving the birther nonsense attention .
This despite the fact that Matthews has been debunking the theories .
And Kurtz did n’t say a word about Lou Dobbs , the person who has been pushing this garbage . "
( Dobbs eventually resigned from CNN and carried away with him a multimillion - dollar severance package . )
CNN execs were making the same case about their credibility back then as they are today .
" There are several networks that reside in the cable news category , but only one that reliably delivers the news unbiased , " said Klein , the president of CNN ’s domestic network .
" We would do ourselves a disservice if we thought that our main competitors were the other so - called cable news networks . "
In one respect , Klein was right .
CNN ’s downward ratings spiral has grown so pronounced that it is not even placing third anymore in the prime time sweepstakes on many nights , but is getting beaten by HLN , what one writer for Slate calls " a waiting - room budget brand , daily - tabloid style " network ( also owned by TimeWarner ) .
Larry King — Mr. Klein ’s idea of a journalist , apparently — saw his audience fall 43 percent for the first quarter of 2010 and 52 percent in March alone .
Anderson Cooper ’s audience fell 42 percent over the quarter as well .
This rapid trip into the ratings toilet appears to have created a sense of panic at the network and its response has been just what it was in the past : to try to appease the far - right wing audience that has embraced Fox .
New York Times pundit Ross Douthat noted that he attended a media event in Washington recently where he " watched a CNN producer try to persuade a gaggle of skeptical right - wing journalists that the network ’s hosts really are objective . "
Actually , that ’s the second time that ’s happened .
When Walter Isaacson took over the presidency of the network in 2001 , he too travelled to Washington to try to convince conservative Republicans that the network was there for them as well .
In both instances , the CNN spokespeople are responding not to any real world liberal bias on the part of CNN , but to a concerted campaign by the right to " work the refs " on behalf of their own side .
In each case the network then went off in search of a bevy of conservative commentators to hire to try to make right wingers feel more comfortable in their studios .
( In another related example of this phenomenon Douthat was forced to addend a correction to his column here and here for his false claim that MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow show only invited conservative guests " when they had anti-Republican views to express . "
Douthat admitted on his blog that he " intended a touch of hyperbole about MSNBC ’s biases , " which is the only way even to begin to equate its practices with those of Fox , but this practice is routinely done across the mainstream media .
MSNBC is almost universally treated as a liberal alternative to Fox when in fact it broadcasts 10 hours of conservative talk five days a week .
On its morning show host Mika Brzezinski insisted , rather crazily , on the day after Sarah Palin resigned her job as a governor — eventually to take up a job as a Fox commentator — that Palin represented " real Americans , " and that some people in " urban America " just did n’t get it .
Leave aside Palin ’s nuttiness and the imputation of disloyalty at those who have left the farm .
Nearly 80 percent of Americans now live in urban areas . )
CNN has been using this same process for decades now .
In the past it turned to the likes of Robert Novak , Tucker Carlson , William Bennett , Mary Matalin , Alex Castellanos , and Jonah Goldberg , among others , to try to earn its cred with the right .
One suspects it would not be easy to surpass the oddness of hiring a bunch of conservative consultants and a pundit who equates liberalism with fascism on a network that prides itself on its alleged commitment to journalistic standards and nonpartisanship .
But in its current moment of desperate panic the station has managed to do so .
CNN ’s most recent right - wing hire , Redstate.com ’s Erick Erickson , made himself known to the public by comparing White House Health Care Communications Director Linda Douglass to Nazi propagandist Joseph Goebbels , calling Michelle Obama Barack ’s " Marxist harpy wife , " and describing outgoing Supreme Court Justice David Souter as " the only goat f*** ing child molester to ever serve on the Supreme Court . "
So naturally CNN thought he would be an ideal hire to uphold the values of serving as the " only credible , nonpartisan voice left " and sticking to its plan of " No bias , no agenda . "
Kurtz gave Erickson the opportunity to explain away some of these statements on his CNN program , but the best he could do was to admit that he had not realized so many people were paying attention and that he would try hard to " grow up . "
With that , he turned around a few days later on a local radio program and threatened , in the event of being questioned by a census worker , to " pull out my wife ’s shotgun and see how that little ACS twerp likes being scared at the door . "
Douthat rightly observed that " People at CNN see themselves as victims of a polarized political culture . "
But a more realistic view would paint them not as victims of such a culture but as its perpetrators .
Insisting that you are not as biased as Fox is a lot like saying you are not as sick as a dead person .
You may not be that sick , but it is not something worth bragging about .
My guess is that CNN will continue its collapse in the ratings until its executives can proudly describe it in a manner consistent with what viewers see on their TVs .
Eric Alterman is a Senior Fellow at the Center for American Progress and a Distinguished Professor of English at Brooklyn College .
He is also a Nation columnist and a professor of journalism at the CUNY Graduate School of Journalism .
His most recent book is , Why We ’re Liberals : A Handbook for Restoring America ’s Most Important Ideals .
His " Altercation " blog appears sporadically here and he is a regular contributor to The Daily Beast .
Joe Biden , the US vice - president , condemned a plan by Israel to build 1,600 homes on occupied Palestinian land in an East Jerusalem settlement .
The Israeli interior ministry 's approval of the plan cast a cloud over a visit to the country by Biden just hours after he pledged strong support for the Israeli government .
In an unusually strong statement issued after he arrived 90 minutes late for a dinner with the Israeli prime minister , Benjamin Netanyahu , Biden said : " I condemn the decision by the government of Israel to advance planning for new housing units . "
He said the blueprint for Ramat Shlomo , an ultra-Orthodox settlement in an area of the West Bank annexed to Jerusalem , " undermines the trust we need right now and runs counter to the constructive discussions I 've had in Israel " .
The approvals came just a day after the Israeli defence ministry announced that 112 apartments would be built in Beitar Illit , a settlement on the occupied West Bank .
The new building comes at a delicate moment in the long - stalled peace process after Israeli and Palestinian leaders agreed to start indirect negotiations .
The interior ministry said the Ramat Shlomo approvals had been passed by the Jerusalem district planning committee .
A spokeswoman said there were 60 days to appeal against the decision .
Ramat Shlomo , built 15 years ago , is on land captured in the West Bank in 1967 and annexed to Israel in a move not recognised by the international community .
Israel 's interior minister , Eli Yishai , who heads a religious party in Netanyahu 's governing coalition , said the timing of the plan 's approval was coincidental .
" There was certainly no intention to provoke anyone and certainly not to come along and hurt the vice - president of the United States , " Yishai told Israel 's Channel One television .
" Final approval [ for the project ] will take another few months .
I agree that the timing [ of the announcement ] should have been in another two or three weeks . "
Two years ago , when the Israeli government approved 1,300 homes in the same settlement , then US secretary of state , Condoleezza Rice , criticised the move as having a " negative effect " on peace talks .
Saeb Erekat , the chief Palestinian negotiator , said the announcements were " destroying our efforts " in peace negotiations .
" With such an announcement , how can you build trust ? " he said .
" It 's a disastrous situation . "
Earlier in the day , Biden said Israel and the Palestinians needed to " take risks for peace " .
But his talk of a " moment of opportunity " obscures a reality in which the two sides are a long way apart .
Although the peace process has been under way for nearly two decades , there have been no direct negotiations between Israeli and Palestinian leaders since Israel 's war in Gaza a year ago .
Palestinian officials refused to hold direct talks unless Israel halted all settlement construction , in line with the demands of the US administration and of the US road map .
But Netanyahu , agreed only to a temporary , partial curb to settlement building .
It did not include East Jerusalem , or public buildings , or homes where construction had already started .
In talks with Netanyahu , Biden appeared to focus not on the struggling peace process but on Iran , saying Washington was committed to preventing Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons .
" There is no space between the US and Israel when it comes to Israel 's security , " Biden said after their meeting .
" We are determined to prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons , " Biden said .
In private , he is also believed to have cautioned the Israeli government against any unilateral military strike on Iran , and to have tried to win Israeli support for the US administration 's policy , which is moving towards sanctions against Iran .
Netanyahu made clear the Israeli government hoped for a tougher sanction regime against Iran .
" The stronger those sanctions are , the more likely it will be that the Iranian regime will have to chose between advancing its nuclear programme and advancing the future of its own permanence , " he said .
Netanyahu frequently cites the need to address Iran 's nuclear ambitions as his priority in government and Israeli leaders have pointedly not ruled out a military option .
One leading prostate cancer specialist cast serious doubt yesterday on the wisdom of predicting that Megrahi had only three months to live – when a patient still had to undergo chemotherapy .
Dr Chris Parker said it was extremely difficult to give an accurate prognosis for individual patients .
" Studies show experts are very poor at trying to predict how long an individual patient will live for , " he warned .
President Obama said today that the federal government will monitor Arizona 's tough new state measure on immigration that he said " threatens to undermine basic notions of fairness that we cherish as Americans . "
Speaking at a Rose Garden ceremony , Obama said the bill , which Gov. Jan Brewer must decide today whether to act upon , could also undercut trust between police and local communities .
The sweeping measure would make it a crime under state law to be in the country illegally .
It would also require local police officers to question people about their immigration status if there is reason to suspect they are illegal .
Click here for more from our colleagues at The Oval .
Update at 10:46 a.m. ET : Obama called on Congress to take up a new federal immigration bill :
Our failure to act responsibly at the federal level will only open the door to irresponsibility by others , that includes , for example , recent efforts in Arizona which threaten to undermine basic notions of fairness which we cherish as Americans , as well as the trust between police and their community that is so crucial to keeping us safe .
He added : " If we continue to fail to act at the federal level , we will continue to see misguided efforts opening up around the country . "
Obama said he has called upon his administration to monitor the Arizona efforts for any civil rights and other implications .
Update at 1:46 p.m. ET : Gov. Brewer blames the Obama administration for leaving Arizona no choice but to get tough on immigration , the East Valley Tribune reports .
She tells a press conference at the state 's National Guard headquarters , the newspaper reports , that it is not the job of state government to secure the border " but we have no other choice . ''
" Those who have failed to protect us have shown only weakness and delay , '' she says , adding that top administration officials have " simply turned a blind eye to the issues that Arizona is being overrun by illegal immigration , terrorizing the citizens . ''
" No matter the cost , no matter the sacrifice , we cannot shirk government 's principle responsibilities to the citizens we serve to provide safety and security , '' she says .
Update at 2:30 p.m. ET : Gov. Brewer has scheduled a news conference today at 4:30 p.m. ET on the pending legislation .
( Posted by Doug Stanglin )
With the marathon effort to overhaul the health care system behind us , it is time for the Obama administration to move quickly and powerfully to the monumental task of putting Americans back to work .
The just - say - no crowd will insist that we can’t afford a real effort to revitalize employment , that budget deficits are too high , that the economy will recover without additional government stimulus , that the president has used up most of his political capital , and that there is n’t much that government can do under any circumstances to create jobs .
Meanwhile , the United States is in real danger of sinking into a long - term economic funk .
The recession is not over for the nearly 15 million people who are unemployed .
Many of them have been out of work for longer than six months , a seeming eternity .
Widespread joblessness and underemployment are threatening to become permanent features of the American landscape , corroding not just our standards of living but the very vibrancy of the American way of life .
Poverty and homelessness are increasing .
More and more adult children , unable to find work , are living with their parents .
The Times ’s Michael Luo wrote in Monday ’s paper about the increasing phenomenon of workers accepting jobs for which , in terms of their education and experience , they are considered overqualified .
To a man , the Devils not only will say but did say they were a better team than they showed in their five - game first - round defeat to the Flyers that ended with last night ’s 3 - 0 Game 5 whimper of a loss on home ice , and to that I would respond , so were the 30th - overall Oilers .
There were no redeeming features to the once - great organization ’s third consecutive opening round exit from the tournament the Devils owned not all that long ago .
Except that it was a long time ago , before the lockout , in another arena , in another era .
It ’s not necessarily that the Devils played with a lack of pride through this series , it ’s that they played without a heightened sense of urgency in all but their 5 - 3 victory in Game 2 .
It ’s that they played with a regular - season pulse when an accelerated heartbeat was demanded , as it is of all teams in the Stanley Cup playoffs .
At one time it would not have been necessary to point this out to the Devils , for they would have scoffed at having to sit through an introductory lecture identifying postseason requirements .
But these last three editions wearing the logo are descendents of the three - time Cup winners by birth only .
One thing becomes clearer and clearer every spring for this team that is 5 - 12 over the last three postseasons while failing to win even a single game when facing elimination , with all three of those situations occurring on home ice .
When the Devils left The Exit of Champions , 16W , to make the move south , they left their passion and their pedigree behind somewhere on the Turnpike and not even Google has come up with a GPS system sophisticated enough to track them down .
Two years ago it was the Rangers in five in the Sean Avery Series and last year it was Carolina scoring twice in the final 80 seconds of Game 7 .
But this defeat is the worst , if measurements of failure are necessary or helpful .
This year , the Devils went down with a whimper , shut out over the final 107:36 , unable to score an even - strength goal over the final three matches .
It was n’t the match - up , though the Devils beat the Flyers only twice ( 2 - 8 - 1 ) in 11 games .
It was the Devils .
Martin Brodeur , outplayed by Brian Boucher both last night and over the series but hardly the goat , understood that .
“ You want to say the Flyers were a bad match , you could say that about the Rangers two years ago and about Carolina last year because we lost to them before , but come on , ” Brodeur said .
“ There ’s a lot that goes into it , but it ’s not acceptable with the talent and players we have to go home after five games . ”
Ilya Kovalchuk , who led the team in scoring with six points ( 2 - 4 ) , was unable to make his teammates better , but then , his teammates should n’t have expected help when they were n’t helping themselves .
Elias , once a great postseason offensive force , has scored two even - strength goals in his last 27 playoff games .
He did not score in this series .
Zach Parise , a postseason disappointment , scored once against Boucher , that a shorthanded goal in Game 2 when he was freed of Chris Pronger ’s big - bodied shadow .
Travis Zajac was a blip on the radar .
Jamie Langenbrunner was essentially invisible .
Indeed , there is a sense that the captain ’s late - season issues with head coach Jacques Lemaire were not only significant and not at all related to self - interest , but a symptom of something larger that infected the group .
There is something fundamentally wrong here .
General manager Lou Lamoriello made the correct move in acquiring Kovalchuk — sorry , Zdeno Chara and Drew Doughty were not available — but it made no difference whatsoever .
The Devils are out .
Their era of greatness officially has been put to bed .
It was swell while it lasted .
larry.brooks@nypost.com
Miners are killed .
If a worker dies at a job site where the company failed to correct violations the executives are guilty of a criminal offense .
They can go to jail for life .
Such is the law of the land – not here in the United States but in Canada , the vast country to our north .
The Canadian Parliament passed the Westray Law a decade after the Westray mine explosion in Nova Scotia in 1993 when 11 miners lost their lives .
If an American labor leader had his way we would have an Upper Big Branch Law that does the same thing here – “ make the lives of workers matter to their employers . ”
According to Leo Gerard , president of the United Steel Workers , “ The most important thing to come out of a mine is the miner . ”
He said that “ in an economic climate that prizes profits over life , ” a law like the one in Canada would “ provide a vehicle to punish the reckless and provoke safety by the callous .
In Canada , the law sets priorities : People first , profits second . ”
Gerard made these remarks only a week before Workers Memorial Day on April 28 .
It is a day when workers and their unions pause to remember the more than 5,000 workers who die each year on the job , 50,000 others who perish from occupational diseases , and the millions of others who get hurt at work or fall ill on the job but live .
The Steelworkers president is reminding people of the anti-worker attitude of Steve Blankenship , CEO of Massey Energy , operator of the Upper Big Branch mine in West Virginia that exploded April 5 , killing 29 miners .
“ Fines and lawsuit settlements have proved ineffective in forcing the likes of Massey to reform , ” Gerard said .
“ Even after a $ 4.2 million fine at another Massey mine where two miners died in early 2006 , Massey kept breaking the law at Upper Big branch .
And Massey paid Blankenship a salary more than twice that amount – $ 11.2 million in 2006 . ”
While the union leader is spending the time just before Workers Memorial Day urging criminal penalties for safety violators , a top federal court in Washington D.C. , on April 16 , handed workers a victory in their fight for safer working conditions .
The court upheld , last week , the Occupational Health and Safety Administration ’s power to levy multiple fines against safety violators – one fine per worker involved in each incident , and also one fine per violation per worker .
OSHA had fined a contractor in Texas on 22 counts of safety violations , two for each of 11 workers involved .
They had been hired to clean out a building containing asbestos .
Eleven of the counts against the contractor , Erik K .
Ho , were for failing to provide the workers with training on how to handle asbestos .
The other 11 were because Ho had failed to provide each of the workers with respirators .
Ho and three business groups , including the National Association of Homebuilders , sued both OSHA and the internal agency appellate panel that upheld OSHA ’s ruling .
The businesses argued that since all the problems were at the same place , there should only be two violations .
Had they won
Ho would have faced only two fines with each one being from $ 7,000 to $ 70,000 , not 22 fines , each within that range .
Also coming as Workers Memorial Day approaches are special April 27 hearings by the Senate ’s Employment and Workplace Safety Committee .
Sen. Patty Murray , D - Wash . , who chairs the committee , says the hearings will zero in on both the recent coal mine disaster and the oil rig explosion in the Gulf of Mexico last week .
Murray has co-authored legislation that would strengthen OSHA .
The Protecting America ’s Workplace Act , as it is called , would , for the first time in 20 years , increase the fines OSHA could levy and would make accidents that kill workers on the job into felonies punishable by 10 to 15 year jail terms .
She does not expect her bill to hit the Senate floor any time soon , however .
“ It ’s really challenging to try to get time for it , with regulatory reform in the banking industry , extending jobless benefits , job creation legislation and energy legislation , among other things , all lined up in front of the OSHA measure , ” she said .
Photo : http://www.flickr.com/photos/labor2008/ / CC BY 2.0
A Salt Lake City jury on Tuesday ruled against SCO Group 's claim it owned the copyright to the Unix operating system , a cousin to the popular open - source OS Linux .
The verdict came seven months after a federal appeals court said the bankrupt SCO group deserved a jury trial on the hotly contested issue of who owns the copyrights .
After a three - week trial , the jury said Novell retained the rights to the operating system , despite a highly complex 1995 deal between SCO Group and Novell .
The case is important in the open source community .
While the litigation ground through the courts , SCO Group tried collecting licensing fees from some 1,500 corporate Linux users , claiming that portions of Linux are based on Unix , and thus violated SCO Group 's copyrights .
Novell did not make a similar claim and has repeatedly said it had no intention of suing anybody for copyright infringement .
Ron Hovsepian , Novell president and CEO , said " This decision is good news for Novell , for Linux AND for the open source community . "
" Obviously , we 're disappointed in the jury 's decision , " said Stuart Singer , SCO 's lawyer .
" We were confident in the case , but there 's some important claims remaining to be decided by a judge . "
He said that , despite the jury 's ruling , he would request that U.S. District Judge Ted Stewart give the copyrights to SCO Group .
The tortured history of the flap began in 1995 , when SCO Group ( then known as Santa Cruz Operation ) bought the Unix operating system from Novell for $ 149 million .
But which company owned the copyrights was n't clear , and years of litigation ensued .
SCO Group filed for bankruptcy two years ago after a Utah federal judge said SCO Group — considered a Utah - based copyright troll by the open source community — was not the owner , despite the $ 149 million deal with Novell .
Despite bankruptcy , the SCO Group continued its battle to win the copyrights .
Still , the lower court 's decision suspended SCO Group 's aggressive licensing - fee - collection campaign the company was hoping to revive after a successful jury trial .
That trial was born after the 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in August ruled SCO Group had a right to a jury trial based on its claim that it owns the Unix operating system .
The appeals court reversed a lower court judge who had ruled against SCO in 2007 , the same decision a unanimous federal jury reached late Tuesday .
The appellate court , without taking any sides , ruled the case was too close to call without a trial .
The jury 's Tuesday decision , if it withstands appeal , guts SCO Group 's separate high - stakes lawsuit against IBM .
SCO Group is seeking more than $ 1 billion from Big Blue on allegations it used SCO - copyrighted Unix code in its Linux - based systems .
See Also :
Most young people are n’t too worried about privacy and security when using the Internet .
They could come to regret this attitude later in life .
Those common - sense notions are now supported by an extensive TRU Research report commissioned by RSA , the security division of EMC .
Despite the steadily rising risk of being victimized by thieves and scammers on the Internet , young adults by and large conduct themselves online as if they were in a generally non-threatening environment .
The interactive Tableau Public chart below vividly shows the comfort level young adults have doing a wide variety of online behaviors .
The big takeaway : most young adults are worried about privacy and security , yet many do n’t hesitate engaging in online behaviors which cybercriminals are taking advantage of .
Online comfort
RSA polled 1,000 18 - to 24 - year - olds and found that at least halfÃ‚Â of the respondents willing to sacrifice security for the convenience of file - sharing , social networking and online shopping .
Most young adults are aware of the risk of losing sensitive data , and have a sense that activities , such as posting embarrassing photos , could some day come back to haunt them .
Yet most conduct themselves online as if none of that matters , says Sam Curry , RSA chief technology officer .
The survey found :
96 percent of young adults believe that most people their age are n’t as careful online as they should be .
76 percent say most people their age are willing to take chances with security in return for lower prices .
91 percent of those who use social networks say they are friends with persons they do n’t know well .
“ What happens in Vegas , most certainly does n’t stay in Vegas , not if you go posting , tweeting and blogging on it , ” warns Curry .
“ It used to be that you could go out for a night on the town , things would happen and you ’d all exchange knowing smiles for years to come .
Not anymore .
Now the division between personal life and business life is becoming more porous , more transparent and more ubiquitous . ”
By Byron Acohido
April 28th , 2010 | For consumers |
For technologists
I cannot find words to convey how awesome this is .
[ Blue Tube Project via DIY Audio Projects ]
in this variation the notes are panned according to where they fall on the line
music generated using my own jsyd synthesis software
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - U.S. home foreclosures actions spiked in March and set a quarterly record despite federal programs to combat the unrelenting pace that homeowners are defaulting on mortgages , RealtyTrac said on Thursday .
A foreclosed home is seen in Bullhead City , Arizona , November 4 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Lucy Nicholson
The government aid , intensified in late March , has so far failed to overcome the staggering effects of nearly double - digit unemployment and wage cuts on borrowers .
Foreclosure activity jumped 19 percent to a monthly record in March , driving first - quarter actions up 7 percent from the prior quarter and 16 percent from a year ago to a record of more than 932,000 properties .
One in every 138 U.S. households got a foreclosure filing in the quarter such as a notice of default , auction or bank repossession .
Banks took back more than 257,000 properties in the quarter , a record high , putting repossessions on pace to shatter last year ’s record of more than 918,000 properties .
“ If there ’s going to be a modification program that really has a material effect this year , it ’s not there yet , ” Rick Sharga , senior vice president at RealtyTrac , told Reuters .
Government and lender efforts to alter loan terms for borrowers at risk of losing their homes have resulted in more temporary than permanent fixes , delaying the inevitable .
Foreclosure auctions were scheduled for the first time on nearly 370,000 properties in the first three months of 2010 , a quarterly record , up 21 percent from the same time last year .
“ As lenders go through these modification program options and short sale options and decide that loans do n’t qualify for either , they ’re going to start processing more of these into foreclosure and putting them back on the market , ” Sharga said .
“ The most likely scenario is that we will be working through this inventory of distressed property well into 2013 , ” he added .
More than 3 million U.S. households are likely to get a foreclosure notice this year , topping last year ’s record 2.8 million , Realty Trac forecasts .
The government last month dedicated $ 14 billion to its efforts to tackle “ under water ” mortgages and high unemployment that propel more borrowers to default on their largest asset .
Principal reduction is one element of the enhanced program , which many housing experts contend needs to go even further to really make a dent in the foreclosure crisis .
A congressional watchdog said Wednesday that re-default is the bane of the Obama administration ’s $ 75 billion Home Affordable Modification Program , with billions of dollars spent to delay rather than prevent foreclosures .
Notice of default , the first stage of the foreclosure process , rose 1 percent in the first quarter from the prior quarter , flattening at an elevated level .
The burdensome supply of unsold homes , inflated by foreclosures , is widely seen being placed back on the market by banks in a managed way to avert a new freefall in prices .
Home prices have lost about 30 percent , on average , from 2006 peaks .
But the logjam of house to be sold “ also means that we wo n’t see much in the way of real recovery in pricing until we get through all of this , ” said Sharga .
Nevada posted the highest foreclosure rate among states for the 14th straight quarter , with one in every 33 housing units getting a filing .
Arizona was in second place for the third straight quarter , followed by Florida and California .
In each of these states , massive overbuilding and speculative investment during the housing boom resulted in the deepest losses during the bust .
Unemployment helped drive up foreclosure activity in Utah by 75 percent from the first quarter of 2009 , the highest annual increase among states with top - 10 foreclosure rates , to put it in fifth place .
Michigan , Georgia , Idaho , Illinois and Colorado were the other states with the highest foreclosure rates .
Foreclosure activity in 10 states accounted for more than 70 percent of the total actions in the first quarter , Realty Trac said .
California alone accounted for 23 percent of it , followed by Florida , Arizona , Illinois and Michigan .
Georgia , Texas , Nevada , Ohio and Colorado were the other states with the highest number of foreclosure actions .
Higher fidelity document import
It should be easy to move files saved on your computer to the cloud , so we made our document upload feature much stronger .
Imported documents keep their original structure more accurately , so you can spend less time adjusting files you move to the cloud .
Speed and responsiveness
Browser - based applications should n’t force you to compromise on performance either , and our new architecture is much faster than before .
Working with very large spreadsheets is even snappy now .
Web apps really can feel just as fluid as traditional software .
Faster collaboration
Collaboration has always been Google Docs ’ forte , and the new codebase is letting us leap forward here , too .
The applications support up to 50 simultaneous editors , and documents let you see other people ’s changes character - by - character as they type .
Finally , we ’ve added multi-user editing to drawings too , so now you can build flow charts , schematics , and other kinds of diagrams collaboratively .
The new Google Docs editors will take advantage of faster rendering engines in modern browsers as well as new web standards like HTML5 .
As a result , we need to temporarily remove offline support for Docs starting May 3rd , 2010 .
We know that this is an important feature for some of you , and we are working hard to bring a new and improved HTML5 - based offline option back to Google Docs .
Please note that this change only concerns Google Docs .
We will continue to support offline access for Gmail and Google Calendar .
To learn more , please see our Help Center
Over the next few days , users will be able to start creating collaborative drawings from the Docs list .
For Google Apps customers with the control panel option set to “ enable new pre-release features , ” users will have the option to enable the new document editor in the ‘ Document settings ’ page , and activate the new spreadsheet editor with the “ New version ” link at the top of any spreadsheet .
These improvements to Google Docs are designed to help businesses like yours move to the cloud faster and be more productive than ever before .
We look forward to hearing what you think .
​ A King County , Washington resident has legally changed his name to “ Fuck The Drug War . ”
A district judge signed off on the name change petition last Friday from a man whose name was previously “ Fuck Censorship , ” reports Josh Feit at PubliCola
According to the petition , the man changed his name to Mr. War ( the middle name will be “ The Drug ” ) because “ We ’re in two wars , at least , that I strongly oppose , but cannot currently stop . ”
“ I actually met Mr. Fuck The Drug War when he was Mr. Fuck Censorship at the Pike Fish Fry , ” writes one commenter .
“ He came in , paid the tab for the couple in front of him , explained to the six or eight people present that their personal freedoms were at risk and that ‘ We should all fuck censorship , ’ thanked everyone for their time , and left .
I wish we had more polite society like him , f - bomb or no f-bomb . ”
In cima alla lista dei più grandi jackpot progressivi , sta il famoso Microgaming .
Microgaming alimenta i casinò online che utilizzano una rete condivisa di jackpot progressivo , per creare un rimborso più grande per gli utenti .
Gli utenti devono sapere una cosa ; quando si esplora i giochi di slot come per esempio : Arabian Nights , Hall of Gods , King Cashalot , The Dark Knight , Mega Moolah e Major Millions , una percentuale della moneta giocata , è aggiunta al jackpot .
E un'altra cosa che loro devono sapere è che i jackpot si aumentano in un ritmo molto veloce .
Quindi qual è la somma di denaro che si desidera vincere e che potrebbe cambiare la vita ?
In proseguimento , analizzeremo la lista di alcuni dei più grandi jackpot progressivi vinti dagli utenti .
5,375,695 € - Nel novembre del 2014 , Mark A. che abita in Canada , diventa il più recente vincitore del jackpot progressivo da Microgaming .
Questo fortunato utente vince la bella somma di5,375,695 € esplorando il gioco di slot mobile Mega Moolah .
In questo momento , è il più grande jackpot progressivo mobile vinto nel mondo .
- Nel novembre del 2014 , Mark A. che abita in Canada , diventa il più recente vincitore del jackpot progressivo da Microgaming .
Questo fortunato utente vince la bella somma di5,375,695 € esplorando il gioco di slot mobile Mega Moolah .
In questo momento , è il più grande jackpot progressivo mobile vinto nel mondo .
3,744,440 £ - Nel settembre del 2013 , Gabriel L. ha vinto la somma di 3.74 milioni di £ esplorando il gioco di slot mobile Mega Moolah .
- Nel settembre del 2013 , Gabriel L. ha vinto la somma di 3.74 milioni di £ esplorando il gioco di slot mobile Mega Moolah .
5,883,044 £ - Nel dicembre del 2012 , John O. di Regno Unito non poteva credere alla sua fortuna quando ha vinto la somma di 5,8 milioni di£ esplorando il gioco di slot mobile Dark Knight , che era collegato alla rete del jackpot progressivo di Mega Moolah .
Fino ad oggi , questo è il più grande jackpot progressivo .
- Nel dicembre del 2012 , John O. di Regno Unito non poteva credere alla sua fortuna quando ha vinto la somma di 5,8 milioni di£ esplorando il gioco di slot mobile Dark Knight , che era collegato alla rete del jackpot progressivo di Mega Moolah .
Fino ad oggi , questo è il più grande jackpot progressivo .
1,965,956 £ - Nel dicembre del 2011 , Susan C. di Regno Unito , ha vinto 1,965,956 di £ esplorando il gioco di slot Il Signore degli Anelli : La Compagnia dell ' Anello ( Lord of the Rings : The Fellowship of the Ring ) .
Il gioco faceva parte della rete di jackpot progressivo Mega Moolah , e quindi ecco perché il jackpot vinto era così grande .
- Nel dicembre del 2011 , Susan C. di Regno Unito , ha vinto 1,965,956 di £ esplorando il gioco di slot Il Signore degli Anelli : La Compagnia dell ' Anello ( Lord of the Rings : The Fellowship of the Ring ) .
Il gioco faceva parte della rete di jackpot progressivo Mega Moolah , e quindi ecco perché il jackpot vinto era così grande .
4200000 $ - Alla fine del 2011 , Mrs. P. ha vinto più di 4 milioni di $ esplorando il gioco di slot progressivo online Mega Moolah Summertime .
- Alla fine del 2011 , Mrs. P. ha vinto più di 4 milioni di $ esplorando il gioco di slot progressivo online Mega Moolah Summertime .
3,841,865 € - Nel ottobre del 2011 , un giocatore sconosciuto ha vinto un jackpot progressivo di 3.84 milioni di € esplorando lo stesso gioco di slot - Mega Moolah .
- Nel ottobre del 2011 , un giocatore sconosciuto ha vinto un jackpot progressivo di 3.84 milioni di € esplorando lo stesso gioco di slot - Mega Moolah .
6,374,434 € - Alla fine del 2009 , George M. che abita in Grecia , ha vinto la somma che gli ha cambiato la vita , cioè più di6.3 milioni di € ; ha vinto il mega jackpot del gioco di slot Mega Moolah .
- Alla fine del 2009 , George M. che abita in Grecia , ha vinto la somma che gli ha cambiato la vita , cioè più di6.3 milioni di € ; ha vinto il mega jackpot del gioco di slot Mega Moolah .
5,556,753 $ - Nell ' aprile del 2008 , Klaus E. di Repubblica di Finlandia ha vinto la somma di 5,556,753 di $ , esplorando il gioco di slot progressivo Mega Moolah .
Nell 'aprile del 2008 , Klaus E. di Repubblica di Finlandia ha vinto la somma di 5,556,753 di $ , esplorando il gioco di slot progressivo Mega Moolah .
1,094,112 £ - Nel marzo del 2008 , Anne C. di Scozia ha ottenuto il premio di 1,094,112 di £ grazie al gioco di slot progressivo Major Millions .
- Nel marzo del 2008 , Anne C. di Scozia ha ottenuto il premio di 1,094,112 di £ grazie al gioco di slot progressivo Major Millions .
1,987,698 $ - Nel gennaio del 2007 , Sara H. di Australia ha vinto quasi 2 milioni di $ , giocando alla slot progressiva King Cashalot .
Questi dati rappresentano solo una parte dei vincitori molto fortunati del jackpot progressivo che hanno ottenuto una somma molto significativa , esplorando i giochi di slot progressivi online forniti da Microgaming .
Qualunque personache sta leggendo questi dati , avrà il desiderio di provare e di entrare nel gioco .
I giocatori sono consigliati di esplorare i giochi di slot progressivi di maggior valore , forniti da Microgaming .
Se il valore del jackpot corrente è più superiore alla media del colpo , allora deve essere colpito .
Dov'è possibile giocare a questi progressivi ?
Tutti i giochi di slot progressivi di Microgaming , sono disponibili al maggior parte dei casinò online in cui sono disponibili i giochi dal portafoglio Microgaming .
This [ man ] felt sexually aroused from seeing sleeping women as well as from taking care of their hands and nails while they were asleep .
His marriage had been in crisis for several years because over the time the patient developed a particular and progressive sexual deviant behaviour .
He felt sexually aroused from seeing sleeping women as well as from taking care of their hands and nails while they were asleep , beginning mostly with the right hand .
In the first time of his marriage he could control these fantasies , but over the years he lost the control of his sexual urges and he must irresistibly act his deviant behaviour .
In order to realize his uncontrollable impulse , he was used to provide his wife sleeping pills to satisfy his paraphilia .
In the first time his wife used to agree to take sleeping pills , but later she refused to bend to man ’s freakish will .
The man began secretly to administer benzodiazepines since the dosage of 23 mg of Bromazepam .
In September 2006 , his wife discovered this practice and refused to take sleeping pills and the couple entered in a very strong conflict .
Because of the extremely powerful obsession with sleeping women and painting their nails , the patient disguised himself with a latex mask an attacked his wife , as she returned from work , with an Olerosin Capsicum ( OC ) spray , to anaesthetize her .
During this episode , his wife succeeded in taking off his mask , escaped and called the police who brought him to the psychiatric emergencies .
Brain injuries caused by strokes , tumors or head trauma can , on occasion , result in Unusual Changes in Sexuality , as discussed in an earlier blog post .
A new case report by Bianchi - Demicheli et al. ( 2010 ) describes a unique paraphilia in a married 34 year old man .
The authors called it Sleeping Beauty paraphilia :
The patient came to the attention of the authors when he was brought to the emergency psychiatric unit after assaulting his wife with pepper spray while wearing a latex mask .
More details of the case are as follows :
The assault occurred because the woman refused to comply with her husband 's " freakish will " :
The psychiatric exam and laboratory tests all came out as normal .
The patient reported no family history of mental illness .
However , he sustained a head injury at the age of 10 which resulted in a four day coma .
He was given a neurological exam , including an MRI , which showed " moderate atrophy in the fronto - parietal region with a diffuse and severe white matter injury compatible with his previous head trauma ( Figure 1 ) . "
I do n't know that I would characterize the white matter damage as severe , but then again I 'm not a neuroradiologist .
Figure 1 (
) .
On the T2 images ( A–C ) one notes atrophy in the parietal and frontal lobes as well as subcortical lesions in the frontal white matter ( arrows B , C ) ;
[ dffusion tensor imaging ] demonstrates a decrease of the fractional anisotropy in the areas seen on the right ( E : arrow ) and on the left ( F : arrow ) .
also shows multiple subcortical white matter lesions ( arrows : D ) ; DTI demonstrates a decrease of the fractional anisotropy in the areas seen on the right ( E : arrow ) and on the left ( F : arrow ) .
The patient was diagnosed with a moderate dysexecutive syndrome and a very specific body image disorder characterized by an incomplete mental image of his hands , mostly the right ( i.e. , personal representational hemineglect ) , as ascertained by his graphical representation of his body parts .
The clinical hypothesis was that the paraphilia might be related to his post - traumatic disturbed body image and more specifically to the incomplete hands representation .
paraphilic disorder
Footnotes
ipso facto psychiatric disorders .
We are proposing that the DSM - V make a distinction between paraphilias and paraphilic disorders .
A paraphilia by itself would not automatically justify or require psychiatric intervention .
A paraphilic disorder is a paraphilia that causes distress or impairment to the individual or harm to others .
One would ascertain a paraphilia ( according to the nature of the urges , fantasies , or behaviors ) but diagnose a paraphilic disorder ( on the basis of distress and impairment ) .
In this conception , having a paraphilia would be a necessary but not a sufficient condition for having a paraphilic disorder .
The Paraphilias Subworkgroup is proposing two broad changes that affect all or several of the paraphilia diagnoses , in addition to various amendments to specific diagnoses .
The first broad change follows from our consensus that paraphilias are notpsychiatric disorders .
We are proposing that the DSM - V make a distinction betweenand paraphilic .
A paraphilia by itself would not automatically justify or require psychiatric intervention .
Ais a paraphilia that causes distress or impairment to the individual or harm to others .
One woulda paraphilia ( according to the nature of the urges , fantasies , or behaviors ) buta paraphilic disorder ( on the basis of distress and impairment ) .
In this conception , having a paraphilia would be a necessary but not a sufficient condition for having a paraphilic disorder .
Presumably , the occurrence of head trauma leading to catatonia in [ adolescence ] might have played a critical role [ in ] the development of his sexual self and body image .
References
Medical science monitor : international medical journal of experimental and clinical research , 16 ( 2 ) PMID : Bianchi - Demicheli F , Rollini C , Lovblad K , & Ortigue S ( 2010 ) .
" Sleeping Beauty paraphilia " : deviant desire in the context of bodily self - image disturbance in a patient with a fronto - parietal traumatic brain injury .
(2) PMID : 20110923
J Sex Res
Arch Neurol .
Brain Cogn
Neurology
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Hundreds of people , including many women and children , were killed in ethnic violence near the city of Jos in Nigeria at the weekend , officials say .
They said villages had been attacked by men with machetes who came from nearby hills .
Troops have now been deployed in the area and dozens of arrests are said to have been made .
Acting President Goodluck Jonathan has ordered security forces to prevent more weapons being brought into the area .
He has also sacked the country 's national security adviser , Sarki Mukhtar .
Jos has been under a military curfew since January when at least 200 people died in clashes between Christians and Muslims .
ANALYSIS Caroline Duffield , BBC News , Lagos Already this is being described as retaliation for the outburst of killing in January in which hundreds more people were killed .
Back then the largest losses were suffered by the Hausa Fulani community .
In the village of Kuru Karama more than 100 people were killed and their bodies thrown into wells and sewers .
Grave accusations were made that the local government had stoked the violence .
This time it is clear that the targets were Berom Christians .
For weeks there have been rumours of retaliation in these villages and people have been living in a state of anxiety .
Many families left .
These killings are often painted by local politicians as a religious or sectarian conflict .
In fact it is a struggle between ethnic groups for fertile land and resources in the region known as Nigeria 's Middle Belt .
The latest attacks , on members of the mainly Christian Berom community , are said to have been reprisals for the January killings .
The authorities say the villages are now calm after troops and military vehicles entered them .
An adviser to the Christian - dominated Plateau state government , Dan Manjang , told AFP : " We have been able to make 95 arrests but at the same time over 500 people have been killed in this heinous act . "
Another Plateau state official , Gregory Yenlong , urged people to " remain calm and be patient as the government steps up security to protect lives and property in this state " .
Many of the dead in the villages of Zot and Dogo - Nahawa are reported to be women and children .
Chief Gabriel Gyang Bot , from nearby Shen , told the BBC's Focus on Africa programme that people in his village feared more attacks .
He said he had received text messages from people who claimed responsibility for the weekend attacks and had threatened to return .
' Traps set ' Mark Lipdo , from the Christian charity Stefanos Foundation , said Zot village had been almost wiped out .
He said : " We saw mainly those who are helpless , like small children and then the older men , who cannot run , these were the ones that were slaughtered . "
A resident of Dogo - Nahawa said that the attackers had fired guns as they entered the village before dawn on Sunday in defiance of a curfew .
JOS , PLATEAU STATE
Deadly riots in 2001 , 2008 and 2010 City divided into Christian and Muslim areas
Divisions accentuated by system of classifying people as indigenes and settlers Hausa - speaking Muslims living in Jos for decades are still classified as settlers
Settlers find it difficult to stand for election Communities divided along party lines : Christians mostly back the ruling PDP ; Muslims generally supporting the opposition ANPP
In pictures : Mourning in Nigeria Q&A : Jos violence
Your stories of the violent attacks " The shooting was just meant to bring people from their houses and then when people came out they started cutting them with machetes , " Peter Jang told Reuters news agency .
Some witnesses said villagers were caught in fishing nets and animal traps as they tried to escape and were then hacked to death .
Mud huts were also set on fire .
Mass burials took place on Sunday and scores more bodies were laid out in the streets of the three attacked villages , awaiting further burials on Monday .
Figures given for the death tolls in the ethnic clashes have varied widely , sometimes to achieve political ends or to reduce the risk of reprisals , or simply because victims are buried quickly .
Jos lies between the mainly Muslim north of Nigeria and its largely Christian south .
Analysts say the latest attack seems to be in reprisal for clashes in January , which claimed the lives of at least 200 people and displaced thousands of others .
Hundreds of people have fled from Jos in the aftermath of the fighting , the International Committee of the Red Cross says .
The clashes represent a challenge for Acting President Jonathan .
He formally took over last month from President Umaru Yar 'Adua , who has a heart problem .
Mr Yar 'Adua returned from three months of treatment in Saudi Arabia two weeks ago but has still not been seen in public .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
1. New York City
On the bowed Williamsburg Bridge above the East River , I finally experience what so many New York cyclists have told me .
On my bike I ’m not beholden to the paucity of parking , exorbitant cab fees , rat - infested subway tunnels .
The turrets of the modern kingdom , Manhattan , splay out before me .
I feel as if I own New York .
When I arrived in this incredible but complicated city to conduct the final stage of research for our Best Cities rankings , I had my doubts .
The world knows ( and loves ) New York for many things .
But cycling ?
I do n’t think so .
Over the course of four days here , though , the more I rode , and the more New Yorkers I spoke to , the more I understood .
At a party , a nurse talked to me about freedom : freedom to go exactly where she wants , when she wants — only faster .
Then she swung her leg over a vintage Fuji and headed out into the rainy night .
“ Eeeasy , ” said a trim British man behind the counter at Sid ’s Bikes NYC in Chelsea .
“ Especially compared with London . ”
A retired bike messenger and alley - cat race promoter told me that simply riding a bike in New York today is so much better than just five years ago .
Over the last few years across the United States , numerous cities have made cycling improvements , but none has done as much as quickly as New York .
In 2008 , powerful and moneyed naysayers scoffed when former Mayor Michael Bloomberg unveiled an ambitious plan to transform New York ’s mean streets and reclaim them for people instead of cars .
Gallons of green paint were spilled to create a citywide welcome zone for cyclists .
There are now more than 350 miles of new bike lanes , many of them barricaded from traffic by concrete and parking lanes , encouraging even casual cyclists to ride up Broadway and through a car - free Times Square .
Flickering bicycle traffic lights usher packs of commuters across intersections .
And more than 96,000 annual members subscribe to the nation ’s biggest bike share , Citi Bike .
Ridership stats are impressive .
Between 2007 and 2011 , the city doubled the number of bike commuters on its streets .
According to the U.S. Census , the one percent of New York City commuters who ride to work comprises the largest population of bike commuters ( a total of 36,496 ) in the country .
Thousands more New York cyclists ( not counted by the Census ) use both bikes and public transit on their daily commutes .
By 2020 , Mayor Bill de Blasio vows , bicycling will comprise 6 percent of all trips in the city .
In this metropolis of more than 8 million people , where fewer than half the residents own cars , cycling has long made sense .
Congested streets and packed subways mean bikes are often the quickest method of travel from point A to B .
But for decades , a car - oriented mindset made quality bike lanes , paths , and bridges an afterthought .
A hundred years ago , spectators packed Madison Square Garden to watch six - day bicycle races .
By the 1950s , the pastime had disappeared .
A national infatuation with automobiles , along with the car - loving policies of highway baron Robert Moses , which categorized bicycles as toys rather than vehicles , nearly made cycling in NYC extinct .
Only the brave or the desperate — messengers , deliverymen , and determined enthusiasts — dared to get around by bike .
Even as they choked on exhaust , New York ’s cycling advocates fought back .
In 1973 they founded Transportation Alternatives , and hailed the installation of protected bike lanes on Broadway and 6th Avenue in 1980 ( though they were torn out a month later after Mayor Ed Koch yielded to protesters ) .
In 1987 , advocates rallied the masses to defeat a bike ban in midtown , and in 1991 cyclists finally regained access to the Queensboro Bridge after Transportation Alternatives members , including the organization ’s director , Jon Orcutt , blocked traffic with their bikes and welcomed arrest .
But only after witnessing the transformations in quality of life — and the acclaim that followed — in bike - friendly international rivals like Paris and London did city leaders truly begin to take cycling seriously .
In 2007 , a visionary and forceful transportation commissioner , Janette Sadik - Khan — who commuted by bike from the West Village to City Hall — set about reshaping New York into a city in which everyone could peacefully coexist .
She hired Orcutt , the aforementioned advocate , as policy director of the NYC Department of Transportation .
In lieu of drawn - out planning studies , she installed experimental infrastructure using temporary paint and pylons .
( When critical voices arose , she shot back , “ It ’s just paint . ” )
Every August , Sadik - Khan closed seven miles of Manhattan to cars and invited walkers , runners , cyclists , adults , children , even pets , to play on Park Avenue as part of an ongoing Summer Streets initiative .
The open - streets festival won the hearts and minds of NYC residents .
When the tabloids inevitably attacked , Sadik - Khan pointed to independent polls showing that 64 percent of New Yorkers supported bike lanes .
Bike riders rejoiced , but a final fight remained .
On a blustery March afternoon , I arrive at the Prospect Park West bike lane in Brooklyn .
It was here in 2010 that a minority of angry residents , including a former head of the DOT , labeled this 0.9 - mile protected lane as an eyesore and a threat to the elderly .
They filed suit , ordering its removal .
Protests pitted retirees wielding anti-bike - lane placards against helmet - clad parents and children .
The media went berserk .
The Guardian online said the bike lane , “ could affect the future of cycling worldwide . ”
The Brooklyn Paper called it , “ the most controversial slab of cement outside of the Gaza Strip . ”
Only in a city as iconic as New York does a battle over a bike lane become international news .
And therein lies one of the major reasons BICYCLING chose the Big Apple as this year ’s number one .
Success here , we strongly believe , will radically speed up the spread of bike share and cycling culture across the country .
Though I arrive at the scene of the infamous backlash with visions of riot police and smoldering ruins , the bike lane remains .
The picketers are gone .
Today injuries from crashes for all users are down 63 percent ; speeding , 74 percent .
At rush hour , traffic flows instead of jamming .
Amongst local cyclists , I fail to detect a hint of lingering resentment .
“ What do you think of this bike lane ? ” I ask a woman pedaling beside me .
“ I love it , ” she says , looking at me like , Duh !
Not everyone finds riding in NYC so idyllic .
I meet with blogger ( and BICYCLING columnist ) Eben Weiss , aka Bike Snob NYC .
“ Show me New York ’s underbelly , ” I tell him .
Rolling through Central Park , Weiss points out where a cop once tackled Lance Armstrong for riding on the sidewalk .
En route to Harlem we swerve around limos parked in a bike lane and teenagers walking three abreast in the bike path .
“ Typical , ” says Snob .
Yes , as one city official told me , “ It ’s still New York . ”
But a new initiative , Vision Zero , aims to declaw the lingering culture of roadway lawlessness .
The program , which originated in Sweden , dropped citywide speed limits to 25 mph and increased ticketing .
In 2013 , the nonprofit Bike New York taught free safety and street - skills courses to 16,000 New Yorkers , filling the new bike lanes with law - abiding “ roll ” models .
The city ’s transformation continues .
Along the Harlem River , Weiss points out one literal underbelly : Above us , New York ’s oldest river crossing , the High Bridge — once part of an aqueduct — is undergoing a $ 62 million bike - ped restoration .
Weiss says with satisfaction , “ Soon , we ’ll be able to ride up there . ”
On my last night in New York , in the cold rain at the Red Hook Criterium , dozens of men and women race track bikes — which neither coast nor brake — around the Brooklyn Cruise Terminal .
A few hundred spectators huddle along the railing , passing around flasks .
Racers and industry reps who ’ve come from as far as Montreal and Italy tell me that last year ( in better weather ) fans lined this course 10 deep .
The crowds that once filled the Garden for track races are back a century later in Red Hook .
Why here , why now ?
A tan PR man from California tells me that the Red Hook Crit is unique :
It ’s at night , it ’s the zeitgeist of urban cycling , and it ’s intriguing to both utilitarian cyclists and core bike racers .
Then he softens his tone and leans in .
As if to explain everything , he says , “ It ’s New York . ”
Great Bike Shops
With locations in Manhattan and Brooklyn , Bicycle Habitat has a friendly repair staff and lots of useful gear aimed at commuters .
NYC Velo in the East Village is an independent , family - run shop that caters to commuters , mountain bikers , and serious road racers alike .
Ride Brooklyn has a wide selection of bikes in Williamsburg and Park Slope and friendly , approachable mechanics .
They ’ve also been huge supporters of Brooklyn Bike Park , an off - road mountain bike park and pump track .
Community Connections
At the Rapha Cycle Club in the Meatpacking District , you ’ll find members of the cycling community meeting for rides or watching vintage racing films over bacon- encrusted pastries .
Browse high - end cycling gear or just hang out and drink beer or coffee .
New York Cycle Club is an all - volunteer recreational cycling organization that puts on rides , spring training programs , and events in the tri-state area .
Reclaim the streets for two - wheeled and two - legged travel by joining Transportation Alternatives , an advocacy organization dedicated to improving infrastructure for cycling and walking in NYC .
Best Events
With 32,000 participants , the Five Boro Bike Tour is one of the largest cycling events in North America , and takes you through car - free streets on Manhattan , The Bronx , Queens , Brooklyn , and Staten Island .
Prefer a smaller crowd ?
The NYC Century Bike Tour claims to be as challenging or relaxing as you make it .
Tour the diverse neighborhoods of NYC with 6,000 of your closest friends , as you cruise through Manhattan , Brooklyn , Queens , and the Bronx .
Must - Do Ride
Head out from the Brooklyn Bridge to Rockaway Beach in Queens on the Flatbush Avenue Bike Path , and continue north to Oceanside .
Ride Map
Additional reporting by Caitlin Giddings
bsnes is a Super Nintendo / Super Famicom emulator that began development on October 14th , 2004 .
It focuses on performance , features , and ease of use .
It was originally developed by byuu , but since his retirement in March 2020 , it is now maintained by the community .
It is available under the GNU GPL version 3 or later .
Unique Features
True Super Game Boy emulation ( using the SameBoy core by Lior Halphon )
HD mode 7 graphics ( by DerKoun ) with optional supersampling
Low - level emulation of all SNES coprocessors ( DSP -# , ST - 01 # , Cx4 )
Multi - threaded PPU graphics renderer from csnes
Speed mode settings which retain smooth audio output ( 50 % , 75 % , 100 % , 150 % , 200 % )
Built - in games database with thousands of game entries
Built - in cheat code database for hundreds of popular games ( by mightymo )
Built - in save state manager with screenshot previews and naming capabilities
Customizable per - byte game mappings to support any cartridges , including prototype games
7 - zip decompression support
Extensive Satellaview emulation , including BS Memory flash write and wear - leveling emulation
Optional higan gamepak support ( standard game image files are also fully supported ! )
Advanced mapping system allowing multiple bindings to every emulated input
Standard Features
MSU1 support
BPS and IPS soft - patching support
Save states with undo and redo support ( for reverting accidental saves and loads )
OpenGL multi-pass pixel shaders
Several built - in software filters , including HQ2x ( by MaxSt ) and snes_ntsc ( by blargg )
Adaptive sync and dynamic rate control for perfect audio / video synchronization
Just - in - time input polling for minimal input latency
Run -ahead support for removing internal game engine input latency
Support for Direct3D exclusive mode video
Support for WASAPI exclusive mode low - latency audio
Periodic auto - saving of game saves
Auto - saving of states when unloading games , and auto - resuming of states when reloading games
Sprite limit disable support
Cubic audio interpolation support
Optional high - level emulation of most SNES coprocessors
Optional emulation of flaws in older emulators for compatibility with older unofficial software
CPU , SA1 , and SuperFX overclocking support
Frame advance support
Screenshot support
Cheat code search support
Movie recording and playback support
Rewind support
HiDPI support
Multi-monitor support
Turbo support for controller inputs
Preview
bsnes boasts 100 % bug - free compatibility , ensuring that every game just works out of the box .
bsnes has full low - level support for even the most complex SNES coprocessors like the SuperFX and SA - 1 .
Decompression chips and real - time clocks are also fully emulated .
Every digital signal processor has full low - level emulation support .
Even the Super Game Boy is fully supported , as are the Satellaview and Sufami Turbo .
Interface
All of the popular software filters are present .
In addition , many OpenGL pixel shaders are included out of the box .
Many tools are included such as movie recording , screenshot captures , speed adjustments , a cheat code editor , cheat code searching , and much more .
bsnes supports many game enhancements , such as run-ahead , overclocking , deinterlacing , sprite limit removal , enhanced audio output , and more .
Dozens of drivers are provided so that bsnes can be configured optimally for any setup .
Adaptive sync and dynamic rate control are both supported .
An advanced save state manager lets you categorize and name your save states .
The following multi-part series is taken from a paper we published last year in the free , on - line journal Energies .
You may access the entire PDF here .
All references can be found in the pdf .
Part 1 can be found here .
Part 2 can be found here .
5. Toward a more Comprehensive EROI : A first Estimate of the Downstream Costs associated with Refining , Transporting and Using Oil in the U.S .
If we extend the energy cost of obtaining a fuel from the wellhead towards the final consumer the energy delivered goes down and the energy cost of getting it to that point goes up , both reducing the EROI .
This begins the analysis of what might be the minimum EROI required in society .
We do this by taking the standard EROI ( i.e. EROI mm ; about 10:1 ) for oil and then include in the denominator the energy requirements to get fuel to the point of use ( i.e. EROI pou ) and the energy required to use it , generating an EROI ext , i.e. extended EROI .
In this analysis we assume the energy costs are paid for in oil .
5.1 . Calculating EROI at the point of use
Refinery losses and costs :
Oil refineries use roughly 10 percent of the energy in fuel to refine it to the form that we use [ 28 ] .
In addition about 17 percent of the material in a barrel of crude oil ends up as other petroleum products , not fuel [ 1 ] .
So for every 100 barrels coming into a refinery only about 73 barrels leaves as usable fuel .
Natural gas does not need such extensive refining although an unknown amount needs to be used to separate the gas into its various components and a great deal , perhaps as much as 25 percent , is lost through pipeline leaks and to maintain pipeline pressure .
Coal is usually burned to make electricity at an average efficiency of 35 - 40 percent .
However the product , electricity , has at least a factor of three higher quality so that we do not count as costs the inefficiency of that process .
What this means , however , is that oil resources that have an EROI of 1.1 MJ returned per MJ invested at the wellhead cannot provide energy profits for a society because at least 1.27 MJ of crude oil is required to deliver that one MJ to society as a fuel .
Transportation costs :
Oil weighs roughly 0.136 tons per barrel .
Transportation by truck uses about 3400 BTU / ton - mile or 3.58 MJ per ton-mile [ 29 ] .
Transportation by fuel pipeline requires 500 BTU / ton - mile or 0.52 MJ per ton -mile .
We assume that the average distance that oil moves from port or oil field to market is about 600 miles .
Thus a barrel of oil , with about 6.2 GJ of contained chemical energy , requires on average about 600 miles of travel x 0.136 tons per barrel x 3.58 MJ per ton-mile = 292 MJ per barrel spent on transport , or about 5 % of the total energy content of a barrel of oil to move it to where it is used ( Table 1 ) .
If the oil is moved by pipeline ( the more usual case ) , this percentage becomes about 1 % .
We assume that coal moves an average of 1500 miles , mostly by train at roughly 1720 BTU per ton mile or about 1.81 MJ per ton-mile [ 29 ] , so that the energy cost to move a ton of bituminous coal with about 32 GJ / Ton to its average destination is 1500 miles x 1.81 MJ per ton-mile = 2715 MJ per ton , or 2.715 GJ per ton of coal , which is about 8 percent of it ’s energy content ( Table 1 ) .
Line losses , if shipped as electricity , are roughly similar .
So adding between 1 and 8 percent of the energy value of fuels for delivery costs does not seem unreasonable .
We assume that these costs would decrease all EROIs by a conservative 5 percent ( or 3 percent of crude oil in the ground ) to get it to the user , in other words the fuel must have an EROI of at least 1.05 : 1 to account for delivery of that fuel .
Thus we find that our EROI pou is about 40 percent ( 17 percent non fuel loss , plus 10 percent to run the refinery , plus 10 percent extraction , plus about 3 percent transportation loss ) less than the EROI mm indicating that at least for oil one needs an EROI at the mine mouth of roughly 1.4 to get that energy to the point of final use .
5.2 . Extended EROI : Calculating EROI at the point of use for oil correcting for the energy required for creating and maintaining infrastructure
We must remember that usually what we want is energy services , not energy itself , which usually has little intrinsic economic utility , e.g. for most oil we want kilometers driven , not just the fuel that does that .
That means that we need to count in our equation not just the “ upstream ” energy cost of finding and producing the fuels themselves but all of the “ downstream ” energy required to deliver the service ( in this case transportation ) , i.e. 1 ) building and maintaining vehicles , 2 ) making and maintaining the roads used , 3 ) incorporating the depreciation of vehicles , 4 ) incorporating the cost of insurance , 5 ) etc .
All of these things are as necessary to drive that mile as the gasoline itself , at least in modern society .
For the same reason businesses pay some 45 or 50 cents per mile when a personal car is used for business , not just the 10 cents or so per mile that the gasoline costs .
So in some sense the dollar required for delivering the service ( a mile driven ) is some 4 to 5 times the direct fuel costs , and this does not include the taxes used to maintain most of the roads and bridges .
Now many of these costs , especially insurance , use less energy per dollar spent than fuel itself and also less than that for constructing or repairing automobiles or roads , although this is certainly not the case with the money used to deliver the fuel itself used in these operations .
On the other hand the energy intensity of one dollar ’s worth of fuel is some 8 times greater than that for one dollar ’s worth of infrastructural costs .
Table 2 gives our estimates of the energy cost of creating and maintaining the entire infrastructure necessary to use all of the transportation fuel consumed in the US .
The energy intensities are rough estimates of the energy used to undertake any economic activity derived from the national mean ratio of GDP to energy ( about 8.7 MJ / dollar ) , the Carnegie - Mellon energy calculator web site and from Robert Herendeen ( personal communication ) .
Specifically Herendeen estimates for 2005 that heavy construction uses about 14 MJ per dollar .
In the 1970s insurance and other financial services had about half ( 7 ) the energy intensities as heavy industry [ 29 ] .
Our calculation , then , of adding in the energy costs of getting the oil in the ground to the consumer in a usable from ( 40 percent ) plus the pro-rated energy cost of the infrastructure necessary to use the fuel ( 24 percent ) is 64 percent of the initial oil in the ground ( Table 3 ) .
Thus the energy necessary to provide the services of 1 unit of crude oil ( i.e. at the gas station ) is roughly 3 units of crude oil , and probably similar proportions for other types of fuels .
This cuts our 10:1 EROI mm to about 3:1 for a gallon at final use , since about two thirds of the energy extracted is necessary to do the other things required to get the service from burning that one gallon .
It also means that we need a minimum EROI of 3:1 at the well head to deliver one unit from that oil to final demand .
Future research might further “ extend ” our “ EROI ext ” by including the energy of all of the people and economic activity included directly and indirectly to deliver the energy .
Since , as we have indicated , roughly 10 percent of the economy is associated with getting energy ( this includes even those farmers who grow the grain or laborers who build the airplanes ) that we as a nation might say that part of the denominator for the EROI ext would be ten percent of all of the energy used in the country .
An important issue here is EROI vs. conversion efficiency .
The EROI technically measures just the energy used in getting the rest of the energy to some point in society , usually the well - head .
But if we then say “ to the consumer ” we have to include the refinery losses and energy costs , and also the costs to deliver the fuel to the final consumer .
It may also include the energy costs of maintaining the infrastructure to use that fuel .
These are in reality a bleeding off of the energy delivered , or a conversion efficiency of moving one barrel of oil into transportation services .
So whether we should say “ The minimum EROI is 3:1 ” or , somewhat more accurately , that to deliver one barrel of fuel to the final consumer and to use it requires about three barrels to be extracted from the ground , with two being used indirectly , is somewhat arbitrary , although the second way is technically more correct .
5.3 . Extended EROI for Corn - based Ethanol
Given that our national goal is to deliver 36 billion gallons ( 2.9 EJ ) of ethanol , then we can work backwards to calculate that something like 111 billion gallons of ethanol ( or its equivalent of fossil fuels ) would be required at the farm gate to generate and deliver the original 36 billion gallons of energy service to the end user with its attendant production , transportation and infrastructure costs .
That number is the original 2.9 EJ delivered as fuel , plus 1.9 EJ for the infrastructure requirement ( 24/36 from oil x 2.9 EJ delivered ) , plus 0.24 EJ for the energy used in transportation ( 0.05 x ( 2.9 + 1.9 ) ) , plus 3.9 EJ for the energy to produce the required ethanol ( 0.76 x 5.1 ) .
Thus an additional 75 billion gallons ( or 6.1 EJ ) are required to deliver 36 billion gallons at the pump , so that an EROI of at least 3:1 is required for the fuel to not be subsidized by fossil fuels .
EROIs above 3:1 are rarely reported for any liquid biofuels .
Thus by both economic ( Figure 1 ) and energetic ( i.e. assuming an EROI mm of 10:1 ) measures calculated here it appears that at present roughly 10 percent of our economy is required to get the energy to run the other 90 percent , or 20 percent used to get 80 percent to the point of delivery , and even a larger percentage if the use infrastructure is included .
This seems to be true if numerator and denominator are in either dollars or in energy .
( Note : Our use of relatively cheap coal and hydroelectricity , both with a relatively high EROI , lifts the actual ratio “ at the well - head ” so that the EROI mm for all energy delivered to society , but not the consumer , is roughly 20:1 ) .
By the time the oil energy is delivered to the consumer , 40 percent has been used and the EROI pou has fallen to roughly 6:1 ( including the entire refining , conversion and delivery chain ) .
But it is energy services that are desired , not energy itself , and to create these energy services requires energy investments in infrastructure that carry , at a minimum , large entropic losses .
If infrastructure costs are included , the EROI ext falls to about 3:1 because two - thirds of the energy has been used ; implying that more energy is being spent on extraction , refining , delivering , and maintaining the transportation infrastructure than is found in the end product .
Thus by the time a fuel with an EROI mm of 10:1 is delivered to the consumer – that is after the energy costs of refinement and blending , transport , and infrastructure are included , the EROI ext is 3:1 .
This means that twice as much oil is used to deliver the service than is used in the final - demand machine , and since most of our oil is used in transportation , including trucks and tractors , it is probably at present a reasonable number for the entire oil chain in our society .
6. Conclusions
Our educated guess is that the minimum EROI mm for an oil - based fuel that will deliver a given service ( i.e. miles driven , house heated ) to the consumer will be something more than 3:1 when all of the additional energy required to deliver and use that fuel are properly accounted for .
This ratio would increase substantially if the energy cost of supporting labor ( generally considered a consumption by economists although definitely part of production here ) or compensating for environmental destruction was included .
While it is possible to imagine that one might use a great deal of fuel with an EROI mm of 1.1 : 1 to pay for the use of one barrel by the consumption of many others , we believe it more appropriate to include the cost of using the fuel in the fuel itself .
Thus we introduce the concept of “ extended EROI ” which includes not just the energy of getting the fuel , but also of transporting and using it .
This process approximately triples the EROI required to use the fuel once obtained from the ground , since twice as much energy is consumed in the process of using the fuel than is in the fuel itself at its point of use .
Any fuel with an EROI mm less than the mean for society ( about 10 to one ) may in fact be subsidized by the general petroleum economy .
For instance , fuels such as corn - based ethanol that have marginally positive EROIs ( 1.3 : 1 ) will be subsidized by a factor of about two times more than the energy value of the fuel itself by the agricultural , transportation and infrastructure support undertaken by the main economy , which is two thirds based on oil and gas .
These may be more important points than the exact math for the fuel itself , although all are important .
Of course the 3:1 minimum “ extended EROI ” that we calculate here is only a bare minimum for civilization .
It would allow only for energy to run transportation or related systems , but would leave little discretionary surplus for all the things we value about civilization : art , medicine , education and so on ; i.e. things that use energy but do not contribute directly to getting more energy or other resources .
Whether we can say that such “ discretionary energy ” can come out of an EROI mm of 3:1 , or whether they require some kind of large surplus from that energy directed to more fundamental things such as transport and agriculture was something we thought we could answer in this paper but which has remained elusive for us thus far .
7. Acknowledgements
We would like to thank John Cooksey from www.howtoboilafrog.com and 4 unknown reviewers for many helpful comments .
References and Notes
1. Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) 2008 .
2. Hall , C.A.S. Migration and Metabolism in a Temperate Stream Ecosystem .
Ecology 1972 , 53 , 585-604 .
3. Hall , C.A.S. ; Cleveland , C.J. Petroleum Drilling and Production in the U.S. : Yield Per Effort and Net Energy Analysis .
Science 1981 , 211 , 576-579 .
4. Cleveland , C.J. ; Costanza , R. ; Hall , C.A.S. ; Kaufmann , R. Energy and the U.S. Economy : A Biophysical Perspective .
Science 1984 , 225 , 890-897 .
5. Hall , C.A.S. ; Cleveland , C.J. ; Kaufmann , R. Energy and resource quality : the ecology of the economic process .
Wiley : New York , 1986 .
6. Hall , C.A.S. ; Powers , R. ; Schoenberg , W. Peak Oil , EROI , Investments and the Economy in an Uncertain Future .
In Renewable Energy Systems : Environmental and Energetic Issues .
Pimentel , D. , Ed. ; Elsevier : London , 2008 ; pp. 113-136 .
7. Cleveland , C.J. Energy Return on Investment ( EROI ) .
Encyclopedia of the Earth .
http://www.eoearth.org/article/Energy_return_on_investment_(EROI), 2008 .
8. Farrell , A.E. ; Plevin , R.J. ; Turner , B.T. ; Jones , A.D. ; O'Hare , M. ; Kammen , D.M. Ethanol Can Contribute to Energy and Environmental Goals .
Science 2006 , 311 , 506-508 .
9. Pimentel , D. ; Patzek , T.W. Ethanol Production : Energy and Economic Issues Related to U.S. and Brazilian Sugarcane .
Nat. Resour . Res. 2005 , 14 , 65 - 76 .
10 . Thomas , D.W. ; Blondel , J. ; Perret , P. ; Lambrechts , M.M. ; Speakman , J.R. Energetic and Fitness Costs of Mismatching Resource Supply and Demand in Seasonally Breeding Birds .
Science 2001 , 291 , 2598 -2600 .
11 . Li , H.W. ; Brocksen , R.W. Approaches to the analysis of energetic cost of intraspecific competition for space by rainbow trout ( Salmo gairdneri ) .
J. Fish Biol .
1977 , 11 , 329-341 .
12 . Curzon , F.L. ; Ahlborn , B. Efficiency of a Carnot Engine at Maximum Power Output .
Am. J. Phys . 1975 , 43 , 22 - 24 .
13 . Lee , R. Kung bushmen subsistence : an input - output analysis .
In Environment and cultural behavior ; ecological studies in cultural anthropology .
Vayda , A.P. , Ed. ; Published for American Museum of Natural History [ by ] Natural History Press : Garden City , N.Y. , 1969 ; pp. 47-79 .
14 . Rappaport , R.A. Pigs for the ancestors ; ritual in the ecology of a New Guinea people ; Yale University Press : New Haven , 1968 .
15 . Angel , J.L. Paleoecology , paleodemography and health .
In Population Ecology and Social Evolution ; Polgar , S. , Ed. ; Mouton : The Hague , 1975 ; pp. 667-679 .
16 . Diamond , J.M. Guns , germs , and steel : the fates of human societies ; W.W. Norton & Co. : New York , 1998 .
17 . Perlin , J. A forest journey : the role of wood in the development of civilization .
W.W. Norton : New York , 1989 .
18 . Ponting , C . A green history of the world : the environment and the collapse of great civilizations .
St. Martin's Press : New York , 1992 .
19 . Smil , V. Energy in world history .
Westview Press : Boulder , 1994 .
20 . Tainter , J.A. In
The collapse of complex societies .
Cambridge University Press : Cambridge , Cambridgeshire ; New York , 1988 .
21 . Adelman , M.A. ; Lynch , M.C. Fixed view of resource limits creates undue pessimism .
Oil Gas J. 1997 , 95 , 56 -60 .
22 . Cleveland , C.J. Net energy from oil and gas extraction in the United States , 1954 - 1997 .
Energy 2005 , 30 , 769-782 .
23 . Tsoskounoglou , M. ; Ayerides , G. ; Tritopoulou , E. The End of Cheap Oil : Current Status and Prospects .
Energy Policy 2008 , 36 , 10 , 3797 -3806 .
24 . Bullard , C.W. ; Hannon , B. ; Herendeen , R.A. Energy Flow through the US Economy .
University of Illinois Press : Urbana , 1975
25 . Costanza , R. Embodied Energy and Economic Valuation .
Science 1980 , 210 , 1219 - 1224 .
26 . Hall , C.A.S. ; Hall , C.A.S. ; Perez , C.L. ; Leclerc , G. Quantifying sustainable development : the future of tropical economies .
Academic Press : San Diego , 2000 .
27 . International Energy Agency ( IEA ) 2008 .
28 . Szklo , A. ; Schaeffer , R. Fuel specification , energy consumption and CO2 emission in oil refineries .
Energy 2007 , 32 , 1075 - 1092 .
29 . Mudge , R.R. ; Kulash , D.J. ; Bodde , D.L. Energy Use in Freight Transportation .
Congressional Budget Office .
U. S. Congress , 1982 ,
Mozilla 's high - performance TraceMonkey JavaScript engine , which was first introduced in 2008 , has lost a lot of its luster as competing browser vendors have stepped up their game to deliver superior performance .
Firefox now lags behind Safari , Chrome , and Opera in common JavaScript benchmarks .
In an effort to bring Firefox back to the front of the pack , Mozilla is building a new JavaScript engine called JägerMonkey .
The secret sauce that will drive Mozilla 's new JavaScript engine engine into the fast lane is some code borrowed from Apple 's WebKit project .
Mozilla intends to bring together the powerful optimization techniques of TraceMonkey and the extremely efficient native code generator of Apple 's JSCore engine .
The mashup will likely deliver a significant boost in Firefox 's JavaScript execution speed , making Mozilla 's browser a formidable contender in the ongoing JavaScript speed race .
Mozilla 's current JavaScript engine uses nanojit as its native code generator .
Adobe originally developed nanojit to power Flash 's ActionScript execution and released it under an open source software license in 2006 .
Mozilla and Adobe were going to use nanojit to build an ECMAScript 4 implementation called Tamarin , but the project was largely abandoned when ECMAScript 4 was shelved .
Mozilla integrated nanojit into its existing SpiderMonkey engine and added tracing optimization to build TraceMonkey .
Mozilla 's new JägerMonkey engine will continue to use nanojit for some things , but will rely on Apple 's Nitro Assembler to generate efficient native code .
This will allow JägerMonkey to benefit from the performance advantages of method - based just - in - time ( JIT ) compilation .
JägerMonkey will also use tracing optimization to flatten out loops and speed up other kinds of execution paths that can benefit from further optimization .
Mozilla says that this blend of technologies potentially offers the best of all worlds .
" The reason we 're [ building JägerMonkey ] is that TraceMonkey is very fast for code that traces well , but for code that does n't trace , we 're stuck with the interpreter , which is not fast .
The JägerMonkey method JIT will provide a much better performance baseline , and tracing will continue to speed us up on code where it applies , " wrote developer David Mandelin a blog entry about the new engine .
The project is said to be at a relatively early stage of development and is not yet ready to be broadly demonstrated .
Developers who want to have a look at the code can download it from Mozilla 's version control repository .
The current development status is described in a page at the Mozilla wiki .
These days , no one is a cook any more .
Everyone is a chef .
Culinary pride is measured in Michelin stars , magazine centrefolds and the number of local farms name - checked on the menu .
There is an all too common belief that dignity in cooking comes from a starched white jacket , perfect teeth , a publicist and a TV contract .
But that , of course , is untrue .
Well - coiffed celebrity chefs take pride in their intricate skills , the ingredients with which they work and the beautiful and delicious plates they produce , but cooks in low - rent restaurants take equal pride in their speed , their scars and their ability to do a difficult job well , sometimes under terrible conditions .
I spent most of my 15 years as a cook working in these kinds of places .
Take the roadside fish house in Florida where I spent my nights working the fryers .
This was not a great restaurant .
However it was the kind of place that people eat in most of the time — cheap , fast and easy ; perfect for grandma , the kids , and tourists with little money and less taste .
But there was a pride in the kitchen that had little to do with cuisine , but everything to do with food .
On a typical Saturday night , at the last possible moment before the early - bird rush , I would start to carry in the stock in volumes you would barely believe .
Two hundred pounds of precut , frozen french fries in waxy brown 10 lb bags .
Eight five - gallon buckets of floury beer batter .
Hundreds of pounds of cheap fish in plastic tubs .
There were cases of calamari already going gooey in the humid air , more cases of breaded clam strips , of stuffed mushrooms and chicken cutlets .
And this was just my station .
All around me , the rest of the six - strong crew were bringing in their stuff , stacking their favourite pans on the wall racks in their own secret , special order ; twisting the bottles of sauce and cooking wine snout - down in their speed racks , and slotting their knives into the spaces between cutting boards , angled for fast draws .
Over the next six hours , together in the heat and the crash and the clamour , we would feed nearly 1,000 people .
This was my team – not pretty , not nice , not famous – but competent , fast and tough .
They were professionals who could face down crushing numbers night after night , finding glory and worth in simply doing the job – turning and burning through long hours for low pay with no holidays , no sick days , no reinforcements or relief in sight .
What 's more , they loved the food .
Maybe not the fact of it – this hamburger , that cheap cut of haddock – but certainly for being able to make something good come out of something so basic .
A perfectly seared slab of foie gras or giant truffles are beautiful things .
But so , too , is a nice chop when you need one , or a greasy fish fry soaked in vinegar .
Fourteen hours – one solid shift – on the hot line of any busy local will teach you more about the rough reality of feeding the public than any year in some precious cooking school .
Many of the great chefs working today started off as good cooks working the neighbourhoods , below their skill level , just like me – cooking dirty to pay the rent until something better came along .
They learned their moves in the heat and submarine closeness of some killer galley , churning out cheeseburgers , falafels or tacos .
And somewhere along the line , like me , they learned to love not just the job , but the food , too .
Any food .
All food .
In the years I spent on the low end of the trade , I knew chefs who'd scream and swear and throw pans and torture cooks for any little slight .
I stood beside guys who went to jail for stealing food stamps from old ladies , for sticking up convenience stores .
But I 've also seen these same people quit good jobs rather than do wrong by the food .
I 've known cooks in greasy spoons who loved their knives so much they named them .
Tex - Mex grillmen who worked whole shifts with searing pan burns or broken fingers rather than let their friends down by leaving the line a person short in the rush .
And young sous chefs from street corner bistros that no one has ever heard of who got butcher 's diagrams of pigs tattooed on to their bodies .
I 've watched them take beaming pride in a simple pan of mussels , in cutting a microscopic brunoise , in the perfect placement of scallops in a pan .
In the end , all cooks wear the same whites .
They all do the same job : feeding people , providing for one of their basic needs .
All else aside , that 's a noble thing .
• Jason Sheehan is the restaurant critic at the Seattle Weekly .
His book , Cooking Dirty , is published by Atlantic on 11 March ( £ 16.99 ) .
It must be tough right now being a UK scientist involved in the Cassini spacecraft mission to Saturn and its moons .
It must be a bit like being told all your friends are going to the party but you 're staying behind .
The US space agency has just approved a further and final extension to the Saturn probe 's mission .
The extension will enable observations to continue until 2017 , when the spacecraft will be commanded to plunge into the ringed planet 's atmosphere .
It will be a spectacular ending to an extraordinary adventure at everyone 's second favourite planet ( after Earth ) .
For British planetary scientists , however , this news is bitter - sweet because they were told before Christmas that the funding which supports their operational work is stopping .
Cassini is not the only space project which is about to see the UK execute a " managed withdrawal " .
British effort on the Sun-Earth system missions Cluster and Soho will be curtailed also ; so will support for Venus Express and the X - ray telescope XMM - Newton .
The Science and Technology Facilities Council ( STFC ) , the body that directs funding for physics and astronomy in the UK , is in something of a bind - to put it mildly .
It has structural problems and is also struggling with the depressed value of the pound , which makes the subscriptions it pays to belong to international organisations , such as the European Space Agency , very expensive .
The STFC is trying to save tens of millions over the next five years , and it has identified ongoing Cassini support as a low priority .
The present round of UK funding for the mission runs to 31 March , but just pulling the plug on this date would amount to a " dump and run " policy rather than managed retreat .
So discussions are going to take place with international partners to determine how Britain can best extricate itself from its commitments , and over what timescale .
The scientists themselves will be hoping they can hang in there for as long as possible .
The British contribution to the mission has been immense .
It has co-investigators on many of the instruments and the principal investigator on Cassini 's magnetometer - Prof Michele Dougherty from Imperial College London .
It was the magnetometer , you will recall , that was responsible for making what is unquestionably one of the big discoveries in space science in recent years - the atmosphere at the moon Enceladus .
Cassini has a lot of unfinished business at the ringed planet and it will undoubtedly make many more remarkable observations .
When the probe arrived in 2004 , it did so in the depths of the northern winter , when the southern poles of the planet and its moons were in direct sunlight .
Nasa 's decision to extend the Cassini mission to 2017 means scientists will now be able to see the system until a few months past the northern summer solstice .
What effects will the change of seasons have ?
As the shadow cast by the rings moves across Saturn 's clouds , how will the atmosphere react ?
Will some of the methane lakes that dominate the northern pole of Titan evaporate ?
Is it possible the giant plumes on Enceladus could wilt ?
There are so many questions .
The Cassini spacecraft itself is in excellent health and when I spoke a few weeks ago to Bob Pappalardo , the Nasa Cassini project scientist , he was relishing the tasks ahead :
" We 've got a lot of exciting stuff coming up .
We 've got a daring fly - by of Titan in 2010 .
It 's the lowest we 'll go into the atmosphere - about 880 km .
The goal is to dip below some of the ionospheric effects and try to tell whether there is an intrinsic magnetic field at Titan . "
The fly - by will be a high priority for the magnetometer instrument , of course .
It means Prof Dougherty 's team at Imperial will once again be in the driver 's seat .
The observations will go a long way to resolving the debate over whether the moon has a convecting liquid core or not .
British Cassini researchers will have to wait on the outcome of those discussions with international partners before they will know how long their participation in the mission will be maintained .
The worry in situations like this is that withdrawal will harm not only present endeavour but our involvement in future missions as well .
If our young scientists today are not working on Cassini , they will not be in a position to command prominent roles on the next flagship visit to the outer planets , such the proposed Europa - Jupiter System Mission ( EJSM ) in the late 2020s .
With space funding already under pressure and all the main political parties promising to keep a tight rein on post- election public spending , it 's clear that British planetary scientists , like almost everyone else , may face some tough times ahead .
Anne Hathaway tells GQ in the magazine 's March issue that she and her family left Catholicism over the church 's views on gays :
" The whole family converted to Episcopalianism after my elder brother came out .
Why should I support an organisation that has a limited view of my beloved brother ?
So I 'm … nothing .
Fuck it , I 'm forming .
I 'm a work in progress . "
Hathaway , who expressed her bafflement a year ago at Obama 's choice of Rick Warren for the inauguration , once told Newsweek " about 95 percent of my friends are gay men . "
Best Classic cars of the 1960/70 from the Italian car design were prolific and have introduced the concept of Supercar .
Pininfarina , Italdesign , Ghia and Zagato , designed the most beautiful cars of the 20th century and these designs bureaus were at the forefront of the concept car movement .
There is no doubt that Italian design firms were and still are the trendsetters in the world of automotive design .
Though Pininfarina , Italdesign and others were pioneers they do their job with excellence because all those elegant designs became an essential part of auto design history .
The cornerstone of Italian designers is putting creative elements in the exterior design , experimenting with the shapes , colors and new materials .
You may have noticed that all these supercars have really aerodynamic body and this feature became a trademark of the Italian super cars .
Another revolutionary thing was the original interior design that was very ascetic though still elegant and charismatic .
We ’ve got nothing to do except keep praising the Italian designers and show you our vision of really notable Italian supercar designs from that legendary epoch .
Enjoy !
1968 Alfa Romeo Carabo
1972 Maserati Boomerang
1969 Alfa Romeo 33 -2
1969 Alfa Romeo Iguana
1968 Bizzarrini Manta
1967 Ferrari Dino 206 Competizione
1969 Ferrari 512S
1970 Ferrari PF Modulo
1971 Lamborghini Countach
1970 Lancia Stratos Zero
You might be interested in affordable printing services available at PsPrint.com .
US scientist David Dosa was sceptical when first told that Oscar , an aloof cat kept by a nursing home , regularly predicted patients ' deaths by snuggling alongside them in their final hours .
But Dr Dosa 's doubts eroded after he and his colleagues tallied about 50 correct calls made by Oscar over five years , a process he explains in a book released this week , .
Oscar the nursing home cat ... knows when a patient is about to die .
Credit :AP
The feline 's bizarre talent astounds Dr Dosa , but he finds Oscar 's real worth in his fierce insistence on being present when others turn away from life 's most uncomfortable topic : death .
" People actually were taking great comfort in this idea , that this animal was there and might be there when their loved ones eventually pass , " Dr Dosa said .
" He was there when they could n't be . "
In the mid-20th century the encyclopedic works of French mathematician Nicolas Bourbaki traced every mathematical concept back to the subject ’s foundations in the theory of sets — the stuff of Venn diagrams — and changed the face of his field .
Like many of his notions , Bourbaki existed only in the abstract : he was the pseudonym for a tight - knit group of young Parisian researchers .
The Internet - age version could be D.H.J. Polymath , another collective pseudonym who could define a new style of mathematics .
Polymath began life on the blog of Timothy Gowers , a University of Cambridge winner of the Fields Medal , mathematics ’ most coveted prize .
In a blog post in January 2009 , Gowers asked whether spontaneous online collaborations could crack hard mathematical problems — and if they could do so in the open , laying the creative process out for the world to see .
Web - based scientific collaborations and even “ crowdsourcing ” are now common , but this one would be different .
In typical online collaborations , scientists each perform a small amount of research that contributes to a larger project , Gowers pointed out .
In some cases , citizen - scientists such as bird - watchers or amateur astronomers collectively can make significant contributions .
“ What about the solving of a problem that does not naturally split up into a vast number of subtasks ? ” he asked .
Could such a problem be solved by the readers of his blog — simply by posting comments ?
For a first experiment , Gowers chose the so - called density Hales - Jewett theorem .
This problem , Gowers says , is akin to “ playing a sort of solitaire tic - tac - toe and trying to lose . ”
The theorem states that if your tic - tac - toe board is multidimensional and has sufficiently many dimensions , after a short while it is impossible to avoid arranging X’s into a line — you cannot avoid winning no matter how hard you try .
Mathematicians have known since 1991 that the theorem was true , but the existing proof used sophisticated tools from other branches of math .
Gowers challenged his blog ’s readers to help him find a more elementary proof , a problem generally considered quite hard .
The project took off a lot faster than Gowers expected .
Within six weeks , he announced a solution .
Turning the proof into a conventional paper took longer , especially because the argument was scattered across hundreds of comments ( blogs may not be the ideal platform , and ad - hoc collaboration tools may turn out to be better suited for math ) .
But last October the group posted a paper on the online repository arxiv.org under the name of D.H.J.
Polymath , where the initials are a reference to the problem itself .
In another way , however , the project was a bit of a disappointment .
Just six people — all professional mathematicians and “ usual suspects ” in the field — did most of the work .
Among them was another Fields medalist and prolific blogger , Terence Tao of the University of California , Los Angeles .
Pooling talent has its advantages , Gowers says .
When trying to solve a problem , mathematicians usually make many failed attempts , in which they try lines of reasoning that can turn out to be “ blind alleys , ” after weeks or months of work .
Often those lines of reasoning that seem promising to one expert look obviously fruitless to another .
So when every attempt is exposed to public feedback , the process can become much faster .
Tao describes the experience as “ chaotic ” but a lot of fun and “ more addictive than traditional research . ”
Gowers has since kicked off a few more online collaboration projects , and so has Tao — and nonprofessionals have begun to contribute in ways that are “ genuinely useful , ” Gowers says .
These high - brow amateurs included a teacher , a priest ( albeit one who as a kid took part in the Mathematical Olympiads ) and a math Ph.D. who now works in computing .
But how widely the approach will be adopted is unclear .
A number of hard problems may be suitable , Tao says , such as devising an algorithm for playing chess that is not based on the brute - force calculation of possible future moves .
Famous mathematical conjectures may not be as amenable , because those problems tend to have a long history — and experts already know all the blind alleys .
Rafael Núñez , a cognitive scientist at the University of California , San Diego , who has studied the mental and social process of doing mathematics , points out that problem solving is just another human activity .
When mathematicians work together in front of a blackboard , they communicate in subtle ways with their voice and body language , clues that will be lost in online collaborations .
But mathematicians will adjust to the new medium , just like people have adjusted to doing all kinds of other things in a connected world , Núñez notes : “ Anything we do online is different , not just mathematics . ”
In the end , the open nature of the project may have been its most important feature .
As Gowers wrote on his blog , Polymath may be “ the first fully documented account of how a serious [ math ] research problem was solved , complete with false starts , dead ends , etcetera . ”
Or , as Tao puts it , the project was valuable because it showed “ an example of how the sausage is made . ”
Plagiarism was not a concern : when everyone ’s most minute contribution is on the public record , it is hard for others to copy ideas and claim to be original , Tao points out .
Established online repositories such as arxiv.org , he adds , have also reduced the risk of plagiarism and at the same time they have made it easier to catch mistakes before a paper is formally published .
ATK Response to Inquiries Regarding Once - Fired Brass Cases
This was in response to MSSA 's questioning whether ATK was involved in an end - run around the rescinding order by the DOD to stop destroying once fired brass at US military bases .
– AmmoLand.com
MINNEAPOLIS , MN –-( AmmoLand.com ) - ATK is a strong supporter of our armed forces , the shooting sports industry , second amendment rights and all of our customers who choose to reload ammunition .
In fact , ATK is a leader in the reloading market .
The dated brochure and presentation have caused confusion in the marketplace and do not reflect the views of our company and will be immediately withdrawn .
As a service to our military customers , we routinely handle demil operations for various munitions and respond to requests from military installations for reclamation and recycling of military items .
Each contract is awarded through the military installation ’s procurement process .
The installations received fair value for the brass .
ATK fully supports the provision passed by Congress last year to ensure that demilitarized spent brass casings remain available for civilian use .
Amanda Covington
ATK Armament Systems
It may not technically be the most cholesterol - packing , artery - clogging burger around , but critics say it 's up there with some of the worst offenders .
We 're talking KFC's new Double Down sandwich , marketed , perhaps hopefully , as a good alternative for those trying to avoid too many carbohydrates .
That 's because this fast food offering is a bun-less sandwich .
Two thick slabs of fried chicken in batter , a filling of bacon , two melted slices of cheese and mayo in a bread - free burger .
KFC is making much of its low carbohydrate content , but what about the actual calories ?
The fast food chain says it packs 540 calories but other testers claim a figure near 1,200 is more accurate .
In case you 're wondering , that 's half a man 's recommended daily intake in one go .
Two - thirds of people in the US are overweight or obese and diet is a big talking point .
Mayor 's warning
New York 's mayor Michael Bloomberg has insisted all fast food joints publish calorie counts to warn diners about the dangers lurking within their meals .
Nutritionists are making a lot of noise as well .
They 're pointing out that with a heavy serving of salt and fat - including saturated fat - this is n't exactly the healthy option .
Oh , and it 's low in fibre too , they say .
It 's just chicken and bacon and I do n't eat stuff like that .
500 calories is a lot .
Takhira , 18 , New York
Currently there are no plans to bring the Double Down to the UK .
But do fast food fans like it ?
Newsbeat has been on the streets of New York to find out .
Nineteen - year - old Oscar said : " It 's disgusting .
It 's just so greasy and unhealthy for you .
If anyone thinks it 's good for you because there 's no bun , they 're idiots . "
Takhira Laguer , 18 , and a student in Manhattan said : " That 's just nasty .
I would n't buy it .
It 's just chicken and bacon and I do n't eat stuff like that .
500 calories is a lot . "
However it was n't all negative , 23 - year - old James from Queens was excited about trying out the new meal .
" I would definitely try it " , he said .
" I love my food , especially fried chicken .
It smells good . "
Another day , another recall for beleaguered Toyota .
This time it involves 50,000 2003 Toyota Sequoia SUVs , due to an issue with the anti-rollover software .
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ( NHTSA ) opened an investigation into complaints of unexplained sudden braking or slowing 16 months ago .
50 complaints were reported to the agency , which caused it to open the investigation .
NHTSA said it requested the recall , and a total of 163 incidents have been reported .
There are no reports on injuries and crashes .
Toyota claims that it does n't believe the software problems affect safety , but it is recalling the SUVs anyway .
Under the recall , the software controlling the electronic stability control system will be upgraded .
Toyota had already upgraded the software in 2003 for models that came after that year .
Toyota says it 's moving quickly to address safety concerns with its vehicles , which is not surprising given the recall problems that have dogged the company for the past few months .
The problem is being caused by a steering angle sensor that Toyota says may not be stored properly .
If the sensor is n't stored properly , the stability control system could potentially be activated at low speeds -- in 9 - 10 mph range -- after the Sequoia has accelerated from a dead stop .
Toyota will replace the stability control 's ECU and upgrade the software .
Notifications to owners will go out near the end of May , and the company will reimburse repairs for the condition that were already performed , going back to April 2002 .
Toyota says have the recalled vehicles have already been fixed under warranty .
[ Source : Detroit News ]
Posted on April 29 , 2010
Flashback : Obama Says " Oil Rigs Today Don't Generally Cause Spills "
President Obama on April 2 , 2010 : " I do n’t agree with the notion that we should n’t do anything .
It turns out , by the way , that oil rigs today generally do n’t cause spills .
They are technologically very advanced .
Even during Katrina , the spills did n’t come from the oil rigs , they came from the refineries onshore . "
Google is stepping up its forays into the energy world .
The Internet search company , which consumes vast amounts of electricity to run the computers in its data centers , created a subsidiary last month called Google Energy .
It then applied for approval from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to be allowed to buy and sell power much like utilities do .
Google said it did not have specific plans to become an energy trader and that its primary goal was to gain flexibility for buying more renewable energy for its power - hungry data centers .
“ We want to have the ability to procure renewable energy to offset power usage of our operations , ” said Niki Fenwick , a Google spokeswoman .
Ms. Fenwick said that having access to more renewable energy could help the company fulfill its goal to become “ carbon neutral . ”
This is hardly Google ’s first foray into the energy world .
Over the years , Google has invested in renewable energy projects through its philanthropic and venture capital units .
It has also embarked on a number of engineering projects and partnerships to , for example , advance plug - in hybrids and offer tools to measure home electricity usage .
And it has an ambitious goal to help develop renewable energy that is cheaper than coal .
Bill Weihl , Google ’s green energy czar , discussed many of those initiatives and goals in a lengthy interview with The New York Times published on Thursday .
If Google ’s application is granted , the company would be able to sell any surplus power that results from these or other initiatives .
When Life Flashes Before Your Eyes : A 15 - Story Drop to Study the Brain 's Internal Timewarp
Understanding how the brain perceives the passage of time could lead to treatments for mental illnesses .
Why does time seem to slow down during a life - threatening situation ?
Our reporter falls 15 stories to find out
I ’ve been talking for years about “ the internet operating system “ , but I realized I ’ve never written an extended post to define what I think it is , where it is going , and the choices we face .
This is that missing post .
Here you will see the underlying beliefs about the future that are guiding my publishing program as well as the rationale behind conferences I organize like the Web 2.0 Summit and Web 2.0 Expo , the Where 2.0 Conference , and even the Gov 2.0 Summit and Gov 2.0 Expo .
Ask yourself for a moment , what is the operating system of a Google or Bing search ?
What is the operating system of a mobile phone call ?
What is the operating system of maps and directions on your phone ?
What is the operating system of a tweet ?
On a standalone computer , operating systems like Windows , Mac OS X , and Linux manage the machine ’s resources , making it possible for applications to focus on the job they do for the user .
But many of the activities that are most important to us today take place in a mysterious space between individual machines .
Most people take for granted that these things just work , and complain when the daily miracle of instantaneous communications and access to information breaks down for even a moment .
But peel back the covers and remember that there is an enormous , worldwide technical infrastructure that is enabling the always - on future that we rush thoughtlessly towards .
When you type a search query into Google , the resources on your local computer – the keyboard where you type your query , the screen that displays the results , the networking hardware and software that connects your computer to the network , the browser that formats and forwards your request to Google ’s servers – play only a small role .
What ’s more , they do n’t really matter much to the operation of the search – you can type your search terms into a browser on a Windows , Mac , or Linux machine , or into a smartphone running Symbian , or PalmOS , the Mac OS , Android , Windows Mobile , or some other phone operating system .
The resources that are critical to this operation are mostly somewhere else : in Google ’s massive server farms , where proprietary Google software farms out your request ( one of millions of simultaneous requests ) to some subset of Google ’s servers , where proprietary Google software processes a massive index to return your results in milliseconds .
Then there ’s the IP routing software on each system between you and Google ’s data center ( you did n’t think you were directly connected to Google did you ? ) , the majority of it running on Cisco equipment ; the mostly open source Domain Name System , a network of lookup servers that not only allowed your computer to connect to google.com in the first place ( rather than typing an IP address like 74.125.19.106 ) , but also steps in to help your computer access whatever system out there across the net holds the web pages you are ultimately looking for ; the protocols of the web itself , which allow browsers on client computers running any local operating system ( perhaps we ’d better call it a bag of device drivers ) to connect to servers running any other operating system .
You might argue that Google search is just an application that happens to run on a massive computing cluster , and that at bottom , Linux is still the operating system of that cluster .
And that the internet and web stacks are simply a software layer implemented by both your local computer and remote applications like Google .
But wait .
It gets more interesting .
Now consider doing that Google search on your phone , using Google ’s voice search capability .
You speak into your phone , and Google ’s speech recognition service translates the sound of your voice into text , and passes that text on to the search engine – or , on an Android phone , to any other application that chooses to listen .
Someone familiar with speech recognition on the PC might think that the translation is happening on the phone , but no , once again , it ’s happening on Google ’s servers .
But wait .
There ’s more .
Google improves the accuracy of its speech recognition by comparing what the speech algorithms think you said with what its search system ( think “ Google suggest “ ) expects you were most likely to say .
Then , because your phone knows where you are , Google filters the results to find those most relevant to your location .
Your phone knows where you are .
How does it do that ?
“ It ’s got a GPS receiver , ” is the facile answer .
But if it has a GPS receiver , that means your phone is getting its position information by reaching out to a network of satellites originally put up by the US military .
It may also be getting additional information from your mobile carrier that speeds up the GPS location detection .
It may instead be using “ cell tower triangulation ” to measure your distance from the nearest cellular network towers , or even doing a lookup from a database that maps wifi hotspots to GPS coordinates .
( These databases have been created by driving every street and noting the location and strength of every Wi - Fi signal . )
The iPhone relies on the Skyhook Wireless service to perform these lookups ; Google has its own equivalent , doubtless created at the same time as it created the imagery for Google Streetview .
But whichever technique is being used , the application is relying on network - available facilities , not just features of your phone itself .
And increasingly , it ’s hard to claim that all of these intertwined features are simply an application , even when they are provided by a single company , like Google .
Keep following the plot .
What mobile app ( other than casual games ) exists solely on the phone ?
Virtually every application is a network application , relying on remote services to perform its function .
Where is the “ operating system ” in all this ?
Clearly , it is still evolving .
Applications use a hodgepodge of services from multiple different providers to get the information they need .
But how different is this from PC application development in the early 1980s , when every application provider wrote their own device drivers to support the hodgepodge of disks , ports , keyboards , and screens that comprised the still emerging personal computer ecosystem ?
Along came Microsoft with an offer that was difficult to refuse :
We ’ll manage the drivers ; all application developers have to do is write software that uses the Win32 APIs , and all of the complexity will be abstracted away .
It was .
Few developers write device drivers any more .
That is left to device manufacturers , with all the messiness hidden by “ operating system vendors ” who manage the updates and often provide generic APIs for entire classes of device .
Those vendors who took on the pain of managing complexity ended up with a powerful lock - in .
They created the context in which applications have worked ever since .
This is the crux of my argument about the internet operating system .
We are once again approaching the point at which the Faustian bargain will be made : simply use our facilities , and the complexity will go away .
And much as happened during the 1980s , there is more than one company making that promise .
We ’re entering a modern version of “ the Great Game “ , the rivalry to control the narrow passes to the promised future of computing .
( John Battelle calls them “ points of control “ . )
This rivalry is seen most acutely in mobile applications that rely on internet services as back - ends .
As Nick Bilton of the New York Times described it in a recent article comparing the Google Nexus One and the iPhone :
Chad Dickerson , chief technology officer of Etsy , received a pre-launch Nexus One from Google three weeks ago .
He says Google ’s phone feels connected to certain services on the Web in a way the iPhone does n’t .
“ Compared to the iPhone , the Google phone feels like it ’s part of the Internet to me , ” he said .
“ If you live in a Google world , you have that world in your pocket in a way that ’s cleaner and more connected than the iPhone . ”
The same thing applies to the iPhone .
If you ’re a MobileMe , iPhoto , iTunes or Safari user , the iPhone connects effortlessly to your pictures , contacts , bookmarks and music .
But if you use other services , you sometimes need to find software workarounds to get access to your content .
In comparison , with the Nexus One , if you use GMail , Google Calendar or Picasa , Google ’s online photo storage software , the phone connects effortlessly to these services and automatically syncs with a single log - in on the phone .
The phones work perfectly with their respective software , but both of them do n’t make an effort to play nice with other services .
Never mind the technical details of whether the Internet really has an operating system or not .
It ’s clear that in mobile , we ’re being presented with a choice of platforms that goes far beyond the operating system on the handheld device itself .
With that preamble , let ’s take a look at the state of the Internet Operating System – or rather , competing Internet Operating Systems – as they exist today .
The Internet Operating System is an Information Operating System
Among many other functions , a traditional operating system coordinates access by applications to the underlying resources of the machine – things like the CPU , memory , disk storage , keyboard and screen .
The operating system kernel schedules processes , allocates memory , manages interrupts from devices , handles exceptions , and generally makes it possible for multiple applications to share the same hardware .
As a result , it ’s easy to jump to the conclusion that “ cloud computing ” platforms like Amazon Web Services , Google App Engine , or Microsoft Azure , which provide developers with access to storage and computation , are the heart of the emerging Internet Operating System .
Cloud infrastructure services are indeed important , but to focus on them is to make the same mistake as Lotus did when it bet on DOS remaining the operating system standard rather than the new GUI - based interfaces .
After all , Graphical User Interfaces were n’t part of the “ real ” operating system , but just another application - level construct .
But even though for years , Windows was just a thin shell over DOS , Microsoft understood that moving developers to higher levels of abstraction was the key to making applications easier to use .
But what are these higher levels of abstraction ?
Are they just features that hide the details of virtual machines in the cloud , insulating the developer from managing scaling or hiding details of 1990s - era operating system instances in cloud virtual machines ?
The underlying services accessed by applications today are not just device components and operating system features , but data subsystems : locations , social networks , indexes of web sites , speech recognition , image recognition , automated translation .
It ’s easy to think that it ’s the sensors in your device – the touch screen , the microphone , the GPS , the magnetometer , the accelerometer – that are enabling their cool new functionality .
But really , these sensors are just inputs to massive data subsystems living in the cloud .
When , for example , as an iPhone developer , you use the iPhone ’s Core Location Framework to establish the phone ’s location , you are n’t just querying the sensor , you ’re doing a cloud data lookup against the results , transforming GPS coordinates into street addresses , or perhaps transforming WiFi signal strength into GPS coordinates , and then into street addresses .
When the Amazon app or Google Goggles scans a barcode , or the cover of a book , it is n’t just using the camera with onboard image processing , it ’s passing the image to much more powerful image processing in the cloud , and then doing a database lookup on the results .
Increasingly , application developers do n’t do low - level image recognition , speech recognition , location lookup , social network management and friend connect .
They place high level function calls to data - rich platforms that provide these services .
With that in mind , let ’s consider what new subsystems a “ modern ” Internet Operating System might contain :
Search
Because the volume of data to be managed is so large , because it is constantly changing , and because it is distributed across millions of networked systems , search proved to be the first great challenge of the Internet OS era .
Cracking the search problem requires massive , ongoing crawling of the network , the construction of massive indexes , and complex algorithmic retrieval schemes to find the most appropriate results for a user query .
Because of the complexity , only a few vendors have succeeded with web search , most notably Google and Microsoft .
Yahoo ! and Amazon too built substantial web search capabilities , but have largely left the field to the two market leaders .
However , not all search is as complex as web search .
For example , an e-commerce site like Amazon does n’t need to constantly crawl other sites to discover their products ; it has a more constrained retrieval problem of finding only web pages that it manages itself .
Nonetheless , search is fractal , and search infrastructure is replicated again and again at many levels across the internet .
This suggests that there are future opportunities in harnessing distributed , specialized search engines to do more complete crawls than can be done by any single centralized player .
For example , Amazon harnesses data visible only to them , such as the rate of sales , as well as data they publish , such as the number and value of customer reviews , in ranking the most popular products .
In addition to web search , there are many specialized types of media search .
For example , any time you put a music CD into an internet - connected drive , it immediately looks up the track names in CDDB using a kind of fingerprint produced by the length and sequence of each of the tracks on the CD .
Other types of music search , like the one used by cell phone applications like Shazam , look up songs by matching their actual acoustic fingerprint .
Meanwhile , Pandora ’s “ music genome project ” finds similar songs via a complex of hundreds of different factors as analyzed by professional musicians .
Many of the search techniques developed for web pages rely on the rich implied semantics of linking , in which every link is a vote , and votes from authoritative sources are ranked more highly than others .
This is a kind of implicit user - contributed metadata that is not present when searching other types of content , such as digitized books .
There , search remains in the same brute - force dark ages as web search before Google .
We can expect significant breakthroughs in search techniques for books , video , images , and sound to be a feature of the future evolution of the Internet OS .
The techniques of algorithmic search are an essential part of the developer ’s toolkit today .
The O’Reilly book Programming Collective Intelligence reviews many of the algorithms and techniques .
But there ’s no question that this kind of low - level programming is ripe for a higher - level solution , in which developers just place a call to a search service , and return the results .
Thus , search moves from application to system call .
Media Access
Just as a PC - era operating system has the capability to manage user - level constructs like files and directories as well as lower - level constructs like physical disk volumes and blocks , an Internet - era operating system must provide access to various types of media , such as web pages , music , videos , photos , e-books , office documents , presentations , downloadable applications , and more .
Each of these media types requires some common technology infrastructure beyond specialized search :
Access Control .
Since not all information is freely available , managing access control – providing snippets rather than full sources , providing streaming but not downloads , recognizing authorized users and giving them a different result from unauthorized users – is a crucial feature of the Internet OS .
( Like it or not . )
The recent moves by News Corp to place their newspapers behind a paywall , as well as the paid application and content marketplace of the iPhone and iPad suggests that the ability to manage access to content is going to be more important , rather than less , in the years ahead .
We ’re largely past the knee - jerk “ keep it off the net ” reactions of old school DRM ; companies are going to be exploring more nuanced ways to control access to content , and the platform provider that has the most robust systems ( and consumer expectations ) for paid content is going to be in a very strong position .
In the world of the App Store , paid applications and paid content are re-legitimizing access control ( and payment . )
Do n’t assume that advertising will continue to be the only significant way to monetize internet content in the years ahead .
Since not all information is freely available , managing access control – providing snippets rather than full sources , providing streaming but not downloads , recognizing authorized users and giving them a different result from unauthorized users – is a crucial feature of the Internet OS .
( Like it or not . )
Caching .
Large media files benefit from being closer to their destination .
A whole class of companies exist to provide Content Delivery Networks ; these may survive as independent companies , or these services may ultimately be rolled up into the leading Internet OS companies in much the way that Microsoft acquired or “ embraced and extended ” various technologies on the way to making Windows the dominant OS of the PC era .
.
Large media files benefit from being closer to their destination .
A whole class of companies exist to provide Content Delivery Networks ; these may survive as independent companies , or these services may ultimately be rolled up into the leading Internet OS companies in much the way that Microsoft acquired or “ embraced and extended ” various technologies on the way to making Windows the dominant OS of the PC era .
Instrumentation and analytics
Because of the amount of money at stake , an entire industry has grown up around web analytics and search engine optimization .
We can expect a similar wave of companies instrumenting social media and mobile applications , as well as particular media types .
After all , a video , a game , or an ebook can know how long you watch , when you abandon the product and where you go next .
Expect these features to be pushed first by independent companies , like TweetStats or Peoplebrowsr Analytics for Twitter , or Flurry for mobile apps .
GoodData , a cloud - based business intelligence platform is being used for analytics on everything from Salesforce applications to online games .
( Disclosure : I am an investor and on the board of GoodData . )
But eventually , via acquisition or imitation , they will become part of the major platforms .
Communications
The internet is a communications network , and it ’s easy to forget that communications technologies like email and chat , have long been central to the Internet ’s appeal .
Now , with the widespread availability of VoIP , and with the mobile phone joining the “ network of networks , ” voice and video communications are an increasingly important part of the communications subsystem .
Communications providers from the Internet world are now on a collision course with communications providers from the telephony world .
For now , there are uneasy alliances right and left .
But it is n’t going to be pretty once the battle for control comes out into the open .
I expect the communications directory service to be one of the key battlefronts .
Who will manage the lookup service that allows individuals and businesses to find and connect to each other ?
The phone and email address books will eventually merge with the data from social networks to provide a rich set of identity infrastructure services .
Identity and the Social Graph
When you use Facebook Connect to log into another application , and suddenly your friends ’ faces are listed in the new application , that application is using Facebook as a “ subsystem ” of the new Internet OS .
On Android phones , simply add the Facebook application , and your phone address book shows the photos of your Facebook friends .
Facebook is expanding the range of data revealed by Facebook Connect ; they clearly understand the potential of Facebook as a platform for more than hosted applications .
But as hinted at above , there are other rich sources of social data – and I ’m not just talking about applications like Twitter that include explicit social graphs .
Every communications provider owns a treasure trove of social data .
Microsoft has piles of social data locked up in Exchange , Outlook , Hotmail , Active Directory , and Sharepoint .
Google has social data not just from Orkut ( an also - ran in the US ) but from Gmail and Google Docs , whose “ sharing ” is another name for “ meaningful source of workgroup - level social graph data . ”
And of course , now , there ’s the social graph data produced by the address book on every Android phone …
The breakthroughs that we need to look forward to may not come from explicitly social applications .
In fact , I see “ me too ” social networking applications from those who have other sources of identity data as a sign that they do n’t really understand the platform opportunity .
Building a social network to rival Facebook or Twitter is far less important to the future of the Internet platform than creating facilities that will allow third - party developers to leverage the social data that companies like Google , Microsoft , Yahoo ! , AOL – and phone companies like ATT , Verizon and T - Mobile – have produced through years or even decades of managing user ’s social data for communications .
Of course , use of this data will require breakthroughs in privacy mechanism and policy .
As Nat Torkington wrote in email after reviewing an earlier draft of this post :
We still face the problem of “ friend ” : my Docs social
graph is different from my email social graph is different from my
Facebook social graph is different from my address book .
I want to be
able to complain about work to my friends without my coworkers seeing
it , and the usability - vs- privacy problem remains unsolved .
Whoever cracks this code , providing frameworks that make it possible for applications to be functionally social without being socially promiscuous , will win .
Platform providers are in a good position to solve this problem once , so that users do n’t have to give credentials to a larger and larger pool of application providers , with little assurance that the data they provide wo n’t be misused .
Payment
Payment is another key subsystem of the Internet Operating System .
Companies like Apple that have 150 million credit cards on file and a huge population of users accustomed to using their phones to buy songs , videos , applications , and now ebooks , are going to be in a prime position to turn today ’s phone into tomorrow ’s wallet .
( And as anyone who reaches into a wallet not for payment but for ID knows , payment systems are also powerful , authenticated identity stores – a fact that wo n’t always be lost on payment providers looking for their lock on a piece of the Internet future . )
PayPal obviously plays an important role as an internet payment subsystem that ’s already in wide use by developers .
It operates in 190 countries , in 24 different currencies ( not counting in - game micro- currencies ) and it has over 210 million accounts ( with 81 million of them active ) .
What ’s fascinating is the rich developer ecosystem they ’ve built around payment – their recent developer conference had over 2000 attendees .
Their challenge is to make the transition from the web to mobile .
Google Checkout has been a distant also - ran in web payments , but the Android Market has given it new prominence in mobile , and will eventually make it a first class internet payment subsystem .
Amazon too has a credible payment offering , though until recently they have n’t deployed it to full effect , reserving the best features for their own e-commerce site and not making them available to developers .
( More on that in next week ’s post , in which I will handicap the leading platform offerings from major internet vendors . )
Advertising
Advertising has been the most successful business model on the web .
While there are signs that e-commerce – buying everything from virtual goods to a lunchtime burrito – may be the bigger opportunity in mobile ( and perhaps even in social media ) , there ’s no question that advertising will play a significant role .
Google ’s dominance of search advertising has involved better algorithmic placement , as well as the ability to predict , in real time , how often an ad will be clicked on , allowing them to optimize the advertising yield .
The Google Ad Auction system is the heart of their economic value proposition , and demonstrates just how much difference a technical edge can make .
And advertising has always been a platform play .
Signs that it will be a key battleground of the Internet OS can be seen in the competing acquisition of AdMob by Google and Quattro Wireless by Apple .
The question is the extent to which platform companies will use their advertising capabilities as a system service .
Will they treat these assets as the source of competitive advantage for their own products , or will they find ways to deploy advertising as a business model for developers on their platform ?
Location
Location is the sine - qua - non of mobile apps .
When your phone knows where you are , it can find your friends , find services nearby , and even better authenticate a transaction .
Maps and directions on the phone are intrinsically cloud services – unlike with dedicated GPS devices , there ’s not enough local storage to keep all the relevant maps on hand .
But when turned into a cloud application , maps and directions can include other data , such as real - time traffic ( indeed , traffic data collected from the very applications that are requesting traffic updates – a classic example of “ collective intelligence ” at work . )
Location is also the search key for countless database lookup services , from Google ’s “ search along route ” to a Yelp search for nearby cafes to the Chipotle app routing your lunch request to the restaurant near you .
In many ways , Location is the Internet data subsystem that is furthest along in its development as a system service accessible to all applications , with developers showing enormous creativity in using it in areas from augmented reality to advertising .
( Understanding that this would be the case , I launched the Where 2.0 Conference in 2005 .
There are lessons to be learned in the location market for all Internet entrepreneurs , not just “ geo ” geeks , as techniques developed here will soon be applied in many other areas . )
Activity Streams
Location is also becoming a proxy for something else : attention .
The < a href=http://foursquare.com/help/<fourSquare " check - in , " originally designed for finding spots where people are congregating , quickly became a focus for advertising , as merchants were able to discover and reward their most frequent customers .
Now the idea of the check - in being “ embraced and extended ” to show attention to virtual locations .
As John Battelle put it the other day , “ My location is a box of cereal . ” ( Disclosure : O’Reilly AlphaTech Ventures is an investor in Foursquare . )
We thus see convergence between Location and social media concepts like Activity Streams .
Platform providers that understand and exploit this intersection will be in a stronger position than those who see location only in traditional terms .
Time
Time is an important dimension of data driven services – at least as important as location , though as yet less fully exploited .
Calendars are one obvious application , but activity streams are also organized as timelines ; stock charts link up news stories with spikes or drops in price .
Time stamps can also be used as a filter for other data types ( as Google measures frequency of update in calculating search results , or as an RSS feed or social activity stream organizes posts by recency . )
“ Real time ” – as in the real - time search provided by Twitter , the “ where am I now ” pointer on a map , the automated replenishment of inventory at WalMart , or instant political polling – emphasizes just how much the future will belong to those who measure response time in milliseconds , or even microseconds , rather than seconds , hours , or days .
This need for speed is going to be a major driver of platform services ; individual applications will have difficulty keeping up .
Image and Speech Recognition
As I ’ve written previously , one of the big differences since I first wrote What is Web 2.0 ? , my analysis of how the Web as Platform was going to be dominated by data services built by network effects in user - contributed data , is that increasingly , the data is contributed by sensors .
( John Battelle and I called this trend Web Squared ) .
With the advent of smartphone apps like Google Goggles and the Amazon e-commerce app , which deploy advanced image recognition to scan bar codes , book covers , album covers and more – not to mention gaming platforms like Microsoft ’s still unreleased Project Natal and innovative startups like Affective Interfaces , it ’s clear that computer vision is going to be an important part of the UI toolkit for future developers .
While there are good computer vision packages like OpenCV that can be deployed locally for robotics applications , as well as research projects like those competing in the DARPA Grand Challenge for automated vehicles , for smartphone applications , image recognition , like speech recognition , happens in the cloud .
Not only is there a wealth of compute cycles , there are also vast databases of images for matching purposes .
Picasa and Flickr are no longer just consumer image sharing sites : they are vast repositories of tagged image data that can be used to train algorithms and filter results .
Government Data
Long before recent initiatives like < a href=http://data.govdata.gov, governments have been a key supplier of data for internet applications .
Everything from weather , maps , satellite imagery , GPS positioning , and SEC filings to crime reports have played an important role in successful internet applications .
Now , government is also a recipient of crowdsourced data from citizens .
For example , FixMyStreet and SeeClick Fix submit 311 reports to local governments – potholes that need filling , graffiti that needs repainting , streetlights that are out .
These applications have typically overloaded existing communications channels like email and SMS , but there are now attempts to standardize an Open311 web services protocol .
Now , a new flood of government data is being released , and the government is starting to see itself as a platform provider , providing facilities for private sector third parties to build applications .
This idea of Government as a Platform is a key focus of my advocacy about Government 2.0 .
There is huge opportunity to apply the lessons of Web 2.0 and apply them to government data .
Take health care as an example .
How might we improve our healthcare system if Medicare provided a feedback loop about costs and outcomes analogous to the one that Google built for search keyword advertising .
Anyone building internet data applications would be foolish to underestimate the role that government is going to play in this unfolding story , both as provider and consumer of data web services , and also as regulator in key areas like privacy , access , and interstate commerce .
What About the Browser ?
While I think that claims that the browser itself is the new operating system are as misguided as the idea that it can be found solely in cloud infrastructure services , it is important to recognize that control over front end interfaces is at least as important as back - end services .
Companies like Apple and Google that have substantial cloud services and a credible mobile platform play are in the catbird seat in the platform wars of the next decade .
But the browser , and with it control of the PC user experience , is also critical .
This is why Apple ’s iPad , Google ’s ChromeOS , and HTML 5 ( plus initiatives like Google ’s Native Client ) are so important .
Microsoft is n’t far wrong in its cloud computing vision of “ Software Plus Services . ”
The full operating system stack includes back end infrastructure , the data subsystems highlighted in this article , and rich front - ends .
Apple and Microsoft largely have visions of vertically integrated systems ;
Google ’s vision seems to be for open source driving front end interfaces , while back end services are owned by Google .
But in each case , there ’s a major drive to own a front - end experience that favors each company ’s back - end systems .
What ’s Still Missing
Even the most advanced Internet Operating System platforms are still missing many concepts that are familiar to those who work with traditional single - computer operating systems .
Where is the executive ?
Where is the memory management ?
I believe that these functions are evolving at each of the cloud platforms .
Tools like memcache or mapreduce are the rough cloud equivalents of virtual memory or multiprocessing features in a traditional operating system .
But they are only the beginning .
Werner Vogels ’ post Eventually Consistent highlights some of the hard technical issues that will need to be solved for an internet - scale operating system .
There are many more .
But it ’s also clear that there are many opportunities to build higher level functionality that will be required for a true Internet Operating System .
Might an operating system of the future manage when and how data is collected about individuals , what applications can access it , and how they might use it ?
Might it not automatically synchronize data between devices and applications ?
Might it do automatic translation , and automatic format conversion between different media types ?
Might such an operating system do predictive analytics to collect or locally cache data that it expects an individual user or device to need ?
Might such an operating system do “ garbage collection ” not of memory pointers but of outdated data or spam ?
Might it not perform credit checks before issuing payments and suspend activity for those who violate terms of service ?
There is a great opportunity for developers with vision to build forward - looking platforms that aim squarely at our connected future , that provide applications running on any device with access to rich new sources of intelligence and capability .
The possibilities are endless .
There will be many failed experiments , many successes that will be widely copied , a lot of mergers and acquisitions , and fierce competition between companies with different strengths and weaknesses .
Next week , I ’ll handicap the leading players and tell you what I think of their respective strategies .
Read State of the Internet Operating System Part Two : Handicapping the Internet Platform Wars
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
03/22/2010
So wait , NOM : Sometimes the elected legislature * does * represent the people ?
by Jeremy Hooper
This quip from the National Organization For Marriage , regarding the latest court challenge against marriage inequality in the Garden State :
" 'NOM urges the Christie Administration to provide a vigorous defense of marriage as being between one man and one woman .
This is what New Jerseyans , and Americans , believe in and support and what the people ’s representatives in New Jersey have voted to preserve .
It ’s a shame that special interest groups like Garden State Equality and Lambda Legal do not trust the people and are trying to impose their will on society through a handful of unelected judges .
We will fight them every step of the way , ' [ Brian ] Brown said . "
National Organization for Marriage Pledges to Fight Against Gay Marriage Lawsuit in New Jersey [ NOM ]
The " people 's representatives " ?
Well that 's funny ( read : insanely enraging ) , because when it comes to Maine , New Hampshire , Vermont , or any other legislative body that has approved marriage equality , NOM has told us that the legislature 's decision was out - of - line , un-American , anti-family , radical , and most of all : against the will of " the people . "
Yet now , in New Jersey , when the Senate casts a vote that fails to deliver on the state Supreme Court 's promise of full equality , the elected reps are all of a sudden on NOM 's good guy list ?
Nu uh -- that 's not gonna fly with us !
NOM can't have its myopic wedding cake and eat it too !
Either the state legislature is a fitting representative of the people , or it's not .
And if it is ( which it is ) , then a legislative vote on marriage is a perfectly kosher thing !
It was perfectly acceptable in Vermont , New Hampshire , and Maine .
Hell , the vote was even acceptable in NY and NJ , even if the GOP - led outcomes were unprincipled and unfair .
But of course in the instance of Maine , in particular , NOM did n't think the elected reps were right to cast the vote , which is why they stepped in and ripped to shreds the concepts of constitutional freedom and representative democracy ( and the minority rights that must be protected under the same ) , and instead put the ultimate power in the hands of bare majority tyranny .
What , is the Maine legislature less morally sanctified than the New Jersey Senate or something ?
And again :
In Jersey , the situation is even more compounded , because the legislature is duty - bound to act on a principled and fair Supreme Court ruling that guaranteed parity for same - sex couples .
The legislature chose civil unions , and civil unions failed , which is why they should have felt nothing but a responsibility to act in accordance with the ruling and finally deliver on the promise of full equality .
They should have felt almost embarrassed by their earlier choice of civil unions , and voted to bump up to full equality without hesitation .
But that 's not what the Senate did -- they let a demonstrably dissimilar civil unions system stand instead .
And that short - sighted vote does not constitute the one and only time in recent memory that the elected representatives got it right on marriage , like NOM 's cognitively dissonant assessment of these elected bodies might suggest .
Instead , the New Jersey Senate 's action is perhaps the MOST frustrating of all of the recent marriage votes ( even if we support the legislature 's ability to cast the short - sighted vote , on technical civic grounds ) !
So now NOM is focused on decrying the courts , the supposed radical " enemy " in the state of New Jersey , all the while praying that the court system will come to their side in D.C. , where they are doing battle against the -- wait for it , wait for it -- ELECTED CITY COUNCIL !
Ugh .
My brain hurts .
Your thoughts
NOM is in good company .
Even the president does stuff like this .
When calling for a constitutional amendment to permanently strip gays of the right to marry , he said , " [ a ] n amendment to the constitution is necessary because activist courts have left our nation with no other choice . "
You know , activist courts , like the one that ruled in his favor in Bush v. Gore .
Posted by : DN | Mar 22 , 2010 10:19:38 AM
So , NOM is NOT a special interest group ?
Just checking ...
They always sound like they think they are " special "
Posted by : Bob Miller | Mar 22 , 2010 11:56:27 AM
NOM is whatever NOM says it is at whatever time that NOM says it .
We are not to question NOM .
We are to sit back and accept NOM as our leader .
All bow to the great and glorious NOM .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Mar 22 , 2010 12:01:18 PM
NOM ( National Organization of Morons ) , is decidedly pathological , psychotic , and is run by delusional Roman Catholics who should be focusing on why their religion has so many child rapists , and why their Pope has been complicit in the rapes in Germany , instead of on what consensual adults do within legal boundaries .
Posted by : Mykelb | Mar 22 , 2010 1:27:26 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
This year , on the day when others are celebrating the “ National Day of Prayer , ” the city of New Orleans is doing something much more sensible .
They ’re declaring May 6th , 2010 a citywide Day of Reason :
Whereas , the City of New Orleans is renowned for its food , festivals , famous citizens and foreign visitors ; and Whereas , the City Council takes great pride in paying tribute to events and activities ; now , therefore Be IT PROCLAIMED BY THE CITY OF NEW ORLEANS that the Council recognizes : a citywide DAY OF REASON
In the name of and by the authority vested in the Council of the City of New Orleans
This is all possible because of the efforts of the New Orleans Secular Humanist Association and their president , Harry Greenberger .
It ’s really amazing the response they ’re getting from the local government .
This is n’t the first time they ’ve gotten a citywide Day of Reason approved , either !
To celebrate the proclamation and the day , NOSHA is invited local supporters to party it up ( for free ! ) that night at The Monkey Hill Bar .
There will be games , a fun quiz , and prizes .
All the details are here ( PDF ) .
( Thanks to Doug for the link ! )
About 47 percent will pay no federal income taxes at all for 2009 .
Either their incomes were too low , or they qualified for enough credits , deductions and exemptions to eliminate their liability .
That 's according to projections by the Tax Policy Center , a Washington research organization .
Most people still are required to file returns by the April 15 deadline .
The penalty for skipping it is limited to the amount of taxes owed , but it 's still almost always better to file :
That 's the only way to get a refund of all the income taxes withheld by employers .
In recent years , credits for low - and middle - income families have grown so much that a family of four making as much as $ 50,000 will owe no federal income tax for 2009 , as long as there are two children younger than 17 , according to a separate analysis by the consulting firm Deloitte Tax .
Tax cuts enacted in the past decade have been generous to wealthy taxpayers , too , making them a target for President Barack Obama and Democrats in Congress .
Less noticed were tax cuts for low - and middle - income families , which were expanded when Obama signed the massive economic recovery package last year .
The result is a tax system that exempts almost half the country from paying for programs that benefit everyone , including national defense , public safety , infrastructure and education .
It is a system in which the top 10 percent of earners — households making an average of $ 366,400 in 2006 — paid about 73 percent of the income taxes collected by the federal government .
The bottom 40 percent , on average , make a profit from the federal income tax , meaning they get more money in tax credits than they would otherwise owe in taxes .
For those people , the government sends them a payment .
" We have 50 percent of people who are getting something for nothing , " said Curtis Dubay , senior tax policy analyst at the Heritage Foundation .
The vast majority of people who escape federal income taxes still pay other taxes , including federal payroll taxes that fund Social Security and Medicare , and excise taxes on gasoline , aviation , alcohol and cigarettes .
Many also pay state or local taxes on sales , income and property .
That helps explain the country 's aversion to taxes , said Clint Stretch , a tax policy expert Deloitte Tax .
He said many people simply look at the difference between their gross pay and their take - home pay and blame the government for the disparity .
" It 's not uncommon for people to think that their Social Security taxes , their 401 ( k ) contributions , their share of employer health premiums , all of that stuff in their mind gets lumped into income taxes , " Stretch said .
The federal income tax is the government 's largest source of revenue , raising more than $ 900 billion — or a little less than half of all government receipts — in the budget year that ended last Sept. 30 .
But with deductions and credits , especially for families with children , there have long been people who do n't pay it , mainly lower - income families .
We use cookies to make this website function .
Close [ X ]
Federal Labor MP
Belinda
Neal has thanked her supporters after she was dumped for preselection by her party yesterday .
The controversial politician 's career was dealt a fatal blow when she lost the preselection battle for the New South Wales seat of Robertson to Deborah O'Neill , a university academic .
Ms Neal has issued a statement in which she thanks her supporters and pledges to keep working for residents of the central coast and do her best to resolve their problems .
Deborah O'Neill says she will now turn her attention to campaigning for the next federal election .
" I think it is time for us to move forward and to really focus on on the priorities for this seat , " she said .
Earlier Ms O'Neill said she was the party 's best shot of keeping hold of the marginal seat at the next election .
" People in this area want to vote Labor , " she said .
" People should choose me because my relationships with them have always been very transparent and ones of integrity . "
Labor holds Robertson by a margin of just 0.1 per cent .
Scandal - hit
Ms Neal has been embroiled in a number of scandals since taking office in 2007 , including the now infamous trip to the Iguanas nightclub .
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd instructed her to take anger - management classes after she and her husband , John Della Bosca , were accused of abusing staff at the restaurant .
There were also allegations of impropriety in this preselection battle , though Ms Neal has denied the claims .
Earlier yesterday , Ms Neal was confident of winning the vote .
" I 'm not taking anything for granted , " she said .
" I 'm working as hard as I can , but I 'm quite confident that at the next election I will be representing the ALP in the seat of Robertson . "
Deputy Prime Minister Julia Gillard has told Channel Ten that Ms Neal was a good local member and the decision to dump her as the Labor candidate was made by local party members .
" This was a rank - and - file preselection and they 've made their decision , " she said .
" I believe Belinda was a good member for her area , but now the rank and file have spoken and it's Deborah O'Neill who will be Labor 's candidate at the next election . "
In a neighbouring electorate , the Labor MP Craig Thomson won a separate preselection contest for the federal seat of Dobell .
In Elgin , Ill. , School Superintendent Jose Torres has had to eliminate early childhood classes for 100 children , cut middle school football , raise high school class sizes from 24 to 30 students , close swimming pools to save on the cost of chlorine , and lay off 1,000 school employees , including 700 teachers , The New York Times reported this week .
And he thinks next year will be worse .
As state and local governments grapple with shrinking revenues and soaring budget shortfalls in the continuing fallout from the national economic crisis , public schools are among the top targets for cuts , even as they face new pressure to produce higher test scores .
Tens of thousands of teachers and other school staff are facing layoffs across the country for the coming school year , with school districts projecting slashed programs , larger class sizes and shortened school weeks .
The 2010 - 2011 school year “ is shaping up as one of the most austere in the last half century , ” the Times report says .
In California , 22,000 teachers have gotten layoff notices .
Illinois officials predict 17,000 public school job cuts .
New York threatens nearly 15,000 teacher layoffs .
In Michigan , 8,000 teachers may be cut , and 6,000 in New Jersey .
In Iowa , all - day kindergarten programs are being cut to half days .
In Minnesota , at least one district is looking at cutting the school week to save money on school buses .
School slashes announced by California Gov Arnold Schwarzenegger propelled actress Megan Fox and her husband Brian Austin Green to make a semi-humorous online video urging Californians to protest the cuts .
In the video , Fox goes into a classroom where students are fooling around .
“ Wait , you guys do n’t have a teacher ? ” she asks .
“ She was laid off , ” one girl replies .
“ And then they combined art class with another teacher ’s class , ” another says .
It ’s no joke .
San Francisco has announced plans to lay off nearly one - fifth of its teachers – 811 teachers – and 277 teacher aides at the end of this year .
Third - grade teacher Kenny Yee , who has been teaching at the city ’s Sunnyside School for four years and loves his job , is among the eight of 13 teachers at his school who have received pink slips – almost two - thirds of the staff .
“ It ’s very unfortunate but also demoralizing , ” he said .
Yee is one of several teachers , school outreach staff and parents who tell their stories on Put Our Children First , in a campaign launched by United Educators of San Francisco , to involve parents and the community in the struggle against the cuts .
UESF is the joint AFT / NEA union representing more than 6,000 teachers and other professional staff in the San Francisco school district .
“ In the past two years , $ 21 billion in education funding has been cut from the state ’s budget , ” Put Our Children First says .
“ These cuts have been felt in San Francisco , and in every other city and town in California .
We need to invest in our children , instead of repeatedly selling out their futures for a short - term budget fix . ”
Los Angeles School Superintendent Ramon Cortines has sent layoff notices to 5,200 of the district ’s 80,000 employees .
Some layoffs will be avoided by an agreement between the district and unions to cut five days from the school year , meaning a pay cut for teachers .
Cortines cut LA ’s $ 12 billion school budget this year by $ 1 billion , has another half billion in cuts for next fall and is looking at a $ 263 million deficit for the following year .
“ I ’ve been superintendent in five major school districts , and had responsibility for cuts for years – but not this magnitude , not this devastating , ” Cortines told The New York Times .
“ You name it .
Teachers , administrators , counselors , school nurses , cafeteria workers , support personnel are part of an exodus forced by financial realities , ” Cortines said at an April 14 Senate appropriations hearing led by Sen .
Tom Harkin , D - Iowa .
Harkin has introduced a $ 23 billion emergency funding bill , The Keep Our Educators Working Act ( S 3206 ) , to help states avert these layoffs .
The House approved a similar bill in December .
Harkin ’s bill got strong backing from Education Secretary Arne Duncan , who estimated that education layoffs could total from 100,000 to 300,000 unless Congress acts .
The bill currently has 18 cosponsors .
With hundreds of thousands of teachers across the country facing layoff and worrying how they will keep up mortgage payments , health care and grocery bills , the National Education Association warns that “ without broad support from their Democrat and Republican colleagues , this crucial aid will not reach the teachers growing increasingly panicked about what waits in less than eight weeks . ”
The American Federation of Teachers has a web page that will connect you with your senators to urge them to co-sponsor Harkin ’s bill .
Photo : In Tucson , Ariz. , in a very crowded Amphitheater School District board room , high school French teacher Leigh Thomas , bottom center , cries with students as the school board votes to approve budgets that involve cutting a large number of teachers , April 13 .
( AP / Arizona Daily Star , David Sanders )
A beautiful woman in a grass skirt and scallop shells covering her breasts beckons me to purchase a bottle of Polynesian noni juice , the latest health elixir to make the transition from multi- level marketing scheme to major outlets like Costco .
Although she 's just a two - dimensional model pasted on the bottle , she 's alluring enough to make many a customer ignore noni's steep price , awful taste and utterly false health claims .
According to this label , Polynesians have used noni juice for centuries to heal the mind , body and spirit , although a little asterisk after this statement tells me the FDA does n't agree .
Doctors continue to unlock the juice 's natural health secrets , although another asterisk indicates this statement is false , too .
Bad Medicine Bad Medicine appears each Tuesday on LiveScience .
Other naturally bad ideas :
Web sites selling noni claim it cures everything from colds to cancer — well , at least the ones that have n't been shut down by the Federal Trade Commission .
Noni juice , it seems , has all the markings of bad medicine : outrageous health claims , little evidence for these claims , and questionable marketing .
Trouble in paradise
Noni grows easily in warm climates throughout Southeast Asia and the South Pacific .
The pungent , ripe fruit is a tough swallow , though , known in many tongues as the vomit fruit or rotten cheese fruit , and is consumed usually only in famines .
Many South Pacific cultures use noni in traditional medicine .
Most noni juice sold in the United States contain a dash of noni cut with water and other juices to make it palatable .
Noni juice is said to improve or cure arthritis , cancer , high cholesterol , diabetes , obesity , impotence and so on .
It is commonly sold as Polynesian , Tahiti or Hawaiian noni .
If Polynesians readily consumed noni juice , as marketers claim , then the results are surely minimal .
Sadly , as a result of colonization , land confiscation and forced changes in lifestyle and diet , many Polynesians from the South Pacific through the Hawaiian Islands are in poor health .
In French Polynesia , home to Tahiti , 45 percent of women are obese and nearly another 30 percent are overweight , according to the World Health Organization .
In parts of the Federated States of Micronesia , up to 80 percent of the population are obese and 50 percent are diabetic , according to the WHO .
That slender lady on the bottle is an illusion .
Native Hawaiians are twice as likely to get diabetes and nearly six times more likely to die from it compared to whites on the islands , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Health experts are trying to get the local populations to exercise more and to shun the western influence of cigarettes , alcohol , and fatty and salty processed foods , not drink more noni .
Trouble in the laboratory
What 's the active ingredient in noni ?
It 's xeronine , maybe .
Chemist Ralph Heinicke , who worked for the pineapple industry , discovered minute traces of this unknown chemical in pineapples and then noni .
Although he published his results in a non-peer - reviewed newsletter and never determined the chemical formula , he received a patent for xeronine in 1985 .
Heinicke , now with the noni industry , claims that xeronine is an essential nutrient that enables proteins to enter and exit cellular walls .
Noni also contains pro-xeronine , Heinicke says , which is converted to xeronine in the large intestines .
While not implausible , none of this has been proven , and Heinicke 's work remains a mystery to researchers today .
Aside from the xeronine " discovery , " noni marketers point to a 1994 health study from the University of Hawaii showing how noni cured a certain type of lung cancer in laboratory mice .
While promising , this result was marginal and relied on a protocol not endorsed by the National Cancer Institute .
Several more promising laboratory experiments have since been performed .
Like oranges , noni might contain anti-cancer properties .
Yet these minimally positive studies entailed injecting high concentrations of noni directly into an animal 's cancerous organ or into a test tube with cancerous cells .
Drinking noni— in the paltry concentration our taste buds will allow — has not been shown to reverse or slow cancer in any creature .
More illness than cures
A little science goes a long way in the alternative medicine world , which is why web sites claim that noni is " clinically proven " to cure cancer and treat other diseases .
We 're not there yet .
Noni , like so many other traditional medicine plants , may well have therapeutic properties .
Only more research will tell .
But noni is not entirely safe .
There have been several documented cases of individuals damaging their livers after drinking noni .
More common is a kidney - related disease called hyperkalemia , or high potassium levels in the bloodstream .
People prone to hyperkalemia know to avoid bananas or orange juice , naturally high in potassium , but many are unaware of the high potassium levels in noni .
The alternative food pyramid
Consumers should also be aware of multi- level marketing , or pyramid schemes , associated with noni .
Noni for sale in stores seems legitimate , aside from the bit about being a useless health product .
But around the world , noni is often sold by independent distributors who recruit other distributors to recruit other distributors and so on .
These distributors are hungry for your dollar , charging $ 30 - 100 for a month supply with instructions to drink the stuff at varying doses for months if not years .
With rampant obesity , diabetes and cancer in this world , one would think that a product that can cure obesity , diabetes and cancer would attract praise from doctors .
Instead noni attracts the typical mix of profit - hungry marketers and dubious medical experts who write the books and work for the noni makers .
Be strong and say " no " to the hot babes in grass skirts .
Christopher Wanjek is the author of the books “ Bad Medicine ” and “ Food At Work . ”
Got a question about Bad Medicine ?
Email Wanjek .
If it ’s really bad , he just might answer it in a future column .
Bad Medicine appears each Tuesday on LIveScience .
More to Explore
WASHINGTON — President Barack Obama ’s pay czar on Tuesday ordered executive compensation at prominent bailed - out firms to be cut by 15 percent , amid voter anger over Wall Street pay .
Kenneth Feinberg said 119 executives at AIG , Chrysler , Chrysler Financial , General Motors and its troubled former finance arm GMAC would see their cash rewards slashed by a third and their total pay cut by 15 percent versus last year .
ADVERTISEMENT
All five firms received taxpayer money to stay afloat during the financial crisis , which continues to weigh on US economic recovery .
Feinberg also sent a letter to more than 400 firms who got government bailouts before February 2009 , asking them to disclose details of the top 25 executives receiving annual pay of more than 500,000 dollars .
It marks the first time the government will look into pay at a broad swath of firms that took government bailout funds .
But the list contains some familiar names from the financial crisis including ; American Express , AIG , Bank of America , Chrysler , Morgan Stanley , Citigroup , General Motors , JP Morgan Chase , the Bank of New York Mellon and Wells Fargo .
In a statement , the Treasury said Feinberg ’s review would “ determine whether any payment was contrary to the public interest — and , if any such payment is identified , will seek to negotiate reimbursements to the federal government . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
It is the latest in a series of pay reviews ordered by the Obama administration , which has denounced the culture of paying large executive bonuses at failing firms .
Critics say the pay limits at bailed - out firms stop them from attracting top talent .
In a statement announcing the 2010 measures , the Treasury Department — where Feinberg is based — said 84 percent of the executives included in last year ’s rulings remain at their firms .
Nearly all of the U.S. senatorial positions were categorized as inefficient redundancies .
WASHINGTON — In an effort to reduce wasteful spending and eliminate non-vital federal services , the U.S. government announced plans this week to cut its long - standing senator program , a move it says will help save more than $ 300 billion each year .
Advertisement
According to officials , the decision to cut the national legislative body was reached during a budget review meeting on Tuesday .
After hours of deliberation , it was agreed that the cost of financing U.S. senators far outweighed the benefits they provided .
" Now more than ever , we must eliminate needless spending wherever possible , " President Obama said at a press conference Wednesday .
" When we sat down to go over our annual budget , we asked ourselves , where can we safely trim back ?
What programs can we do away with without negatively impacting the American people ?
Which bloated and ineffective institutions can we no longer justify having around ? "
Advertisement
" The answer was obvious , " Obama added .
" The U.S. Senate just needed to go . "
Established in 1789 as a means of overseeing the passage of bills into law , the once - promising senator program has reportedly failed to contribute to the governing of the nation in any significant way since 1964 .
Last year alone , approximately $ 450 billion was funneled into the legislative chamber , an amount deemed fiscally unsound considering how few citizens actually benefit in any way from its existence .
Advertisement
Four of the 100 obsolete employees in the senate program .
In fact , the program has gone unchecked for so long that many in Washington are now unable to recall what purpose U.S. senators were originally meant to serve .
Advertisement
" I 'm sure when it was first introduced the U.S. Senate seemed like a worthwhile public service that would aid vast segments of the population and play an important role in the years to come , " said Sheila McKenzie , president of the watchdog group the American Center for Responsible Government .
" But in reality , this program has been a complete and utter failure . "
" It simply does n't work , " she added .
" We 've been pouring taxpayer dollars into this outdated relic for far too long . "
Advertisement
An analysis conducted last week revealed a number of troubling flaws within the long - running , heavily subsidized program , including a lack of consistent oversight , no clear objectives or goals , the persistent hiring of unqualified and selfishly motivated individuals , and a 100 percent redundancy rate among its employees .
Moreover , the study found that the U.S. government already funds a fully operational legislative body that appears to do the exact same job as the Senate , but which also provides a fair and proportional representation of the nation 's citizens and has rules in place to prevent one individual from holding the operations of the entire chamber hostage until he is guaranteed massive federal spending projects for his home state of Alabama .
Advertisement
Not only have U.S. Senators cost the country billions of dollars in misspent funds over the years , but Washington insiders claim they have also derailed a wide range of other government programs , from social welfare to job creation to environmental protection .
" Even just the space the Senate currently occupies could be put to better use , " consumer advocate Michael Dodgerson said .
" Were the government to open a day - care center , a homeless shelter , or even an affordable restaurant in that building , it would make more of a difference in the lives of everyday Americans than what 's there now . "
Advertisement
So far , reaction to the cutback has been overwhelming positive , with many across the country calling it a long - awaited step toward progress .
Still , a small pocket of the nation 's populace vehemently disagreed with Tuesday 's decision .
Advertisement
" This is outrageous , " said Joe Lieberman , a Connecticut - area resident and concerned citizen who makes more than $ 150,000 a year , enjoys full health care benefits , and lives comfortably in a large , non-foreclosed home .
" The U.S. Senate has always looked out for my best interests .
It 's always done right by me . "
Added Lieberman , " Without it , I 'll have no choice but to exploit my extensive connections in the real estate , legal , insurance , and pharmaceutical industries to obtain strictly honorary positions at large companies that , in exchange for my subservience over the years and the prestige of my name , will compensate me generously and allow me to continue living a privileged life without contributing even a moment of my time to the society that has made it all possible . "
Another potential criminal
THEY shoot , beat and torture civilians , confiscate businesses and take hostages .
They are feared and distrusted by two - thirds of the country .
But they are not foreign occupiers , mercenaries or mafia ; they are Russia 's police officers .
The few decent cops among them are seen as mould - breaking heroes and dissidents .
Daily reports of police violence read like wartime bulletins .
Recent cases include a random shooting by a police officer in a Moscow supermarket ( seven wounded , two dead ) , the gruesome torture and killing of a journalist in Tomsk , and the case of Sergei Magnitsky , a young lawyer for an American investment fund .
He was denied medical treatment and died in pre-trial detention in Moscow having accused several police officers of fraud .
Police violence is not new in Russia , but a recent wave of publicity is .
A simple explanation is that police lawlessness has exhausted people 's patience and that pent - up anger has finally burst into newspapers , websites and even state television .
The internet makes it harder to hush things up .
Earlier this month a Moscow motorist posted a video online alleging that he and several other drivers were used as human shields by traffic police trying to catch an armed criminal .
Dmitry Medvedev , Russia 's web - aware president , has been quick to respond .
He has fired Moscow 's police chief , ordered an overhaul of Russia 's arcane gulag system and called for reform of the interior ministry .
Yet this reform involves cutting police numbers by 20 % and centralising control over regional police .
Ordinary policemen , many of whom despise their own service , seem baffled and angered — not by the claims of abuse , which almost no one disputes , but by the hypocrisy of their bosses , who have turned them into scapegoats .
Some have started to spill the beans on their superiors .
The rot has now set in so deep that real reform of Russian policing would mean reform of state power , says Sergei Kanev , a crime reporter for Novaya Gazeta .
The main function of law - enforcement agencies in Russia is not to protect the public from crime and corruption , but to shield the bureaucracy , including themselves , from the public .
To ensure loyalty the system allows police and security services to make money from their licence for violence .
Police escorts can be officially purchased .
Other commercial activities include charging for proper investigation , extortion , selling sensitive databases , tapping phones or raiding businesses for competitors .
Many police officers have their own private business on the side .
Unsurprisingly , top jobs in the police are a valuable , and traded , commodity .
Most new recruits sign up to make money , according to internal questionnaires .
As Mikhail Khodorkovsky , a businessman serving an eight - year prison sentence on trumped - up charges , has written , the police , prosecution and prison services are component parts of an industry whose business is legitimised violence and which uses people as raw material .
Yet even as thousands of businessmen lose their livelihoods or serve time on bogus charges , bureaucrats guilty of real crimes are escaping lightly .
In recent days a police officer who murdered an independent journalist in Ingushetia was put under house arrest after the court decided that his two - year penal - colony sentence was overly harsh .
Seven time zones to the east , a customs official found guilty of trading in contraband was given a suspended three - year sentence .
Ultimately , the police are instruments in the hands of a more powerful institution : the Federal Security Service ( FSB ) , successor to the KGB , which remains outside public control and above criticism .
The Russian police service is not only headed by a former FSB operative but is packed with its people , says Vladimir Pastukhov of the Russian Institute of Law and Public Policy , a think - tank .
The FSB can dabble in any business it likes , but relies on the police to do the footwork .
Serious police reform is therefore impossible if the masters are left alone .
The FSB , a factional body with its own vested interests , has a near - monopoly on the repressive functions of the state .
More worryingly , it relies on its traditional links to organised crime .
Mr Kanev , who has investigated some of the most high - profile kidnappings of wealthy businessmen and their relatives , says few of them could take place without the knowledge and even collusion of former and current members of the security services .
Commercial kidnappings — once the prerogative of Chechnya — are now big business in Moscow .
Many cases , says Mr Kanev , never get reported ; instead , the victim quietly pays up .
This is what people in occupied territories do .
How Does the U.S. Decide Which Governments to Recognize ?
Ousted Kyrgyz President Kurmanbek Bakiyev announced Tuesday that he was willing to resign , one week after being forced to flee the capital amid a bloody uprising .
The U.S. Embassy announced Monday that it had " no plans to shelter Mr. Bakiyev or help him leave Kyrgyzstan , " and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has already spoken with the country ’s new interim leader to " support the efforts of the Kyrgyz administration . "
In contrast to the 2008 Honduras coup , when Obama administration officials demanded the return of ousted President Manuel Zelaya and refused , for months , to recognize the country ’s new government , the State Department has dispatched a delegation to Bishkek to establish ties with the new leaders .
So in the event of coups or revolutions , how does the United States decide whom to talk to ?
It waits until it become obvious .
When the United States was founded , it established diplomatic relations with various foreign governments in an ad hoc fashion , and even today there are few codified rules concerning recognition .
Generally speaking , it is the policy of the U.S. government to recognize states , not governments , and to deal ( or choose not to deal ) with whoever happens to be in charge .
This has n’t always been the case : Woodrow Wilson used nonrecognition , with some success , to delegitimize nondemocratic foreign leaders like Mexican dictator Victoriano Huerta , and for years , the United States recognized the anti-communist government in Taipei as the legitimate government of China .
In recent decades , however , U.S. leaders have mostly tried to avoid getting involved in recognition battles in which they would be lobbied by competing factions seeking legitimacy .
Of course , this can become more complicated when there are multiple leaders or groups within a country claiming to be the legitimate government .
The United States typically avoids taking the lead in recognition , waiting for the domestic politics to play out or for regional bodies like the Organization of American States to resolve the crisis before deciding whether to confer legitimacy on the new government .
In the case of Honduras , for instance , the United States followed the lead of other Latin American countries in deeming Zelaya ’s ouster illegitimate .
Military coups are another special case .
U.S. federal regulations — generally referred to by the shorthand " section 508 " — prohibit foreign assistance to " any country whose duly elected head of government is deposed by decree or military coup . "
U.S. officials are often reluctant to formally describe the takeover of a foreign country as a " coup " because of both the consequences of cutting off aid and the fact that to resume aid , the State Department is required to certify that democratic governance has been restored .
The question of whether to recognize a government should not be confused with the question of whether to have diplomatic relations with a country .
Although the United States chooses not to have formal diplomatic contact with the governments of Iran and Burma , for instance , it does not dispute that these are , in fact , the governments of those countries .
The United States can also decide whether or not to recognize a particular geographic entity ’s claim to statehood , as it does with the newly independent Balkan enclave Kosovo , but not with the breakaway Georgian republics of Abkhazia and South Ossetia .
Thanks to John B. Bellinger III , former legal advisor to the U.S. secretary of state from 2005 to 2009 , and Kurt Volker , former U.S. ambassador to NATO .
Verizon Announces Droid Incredible
A few weeks ago at CTIA Wireless 2010 , Sprint announced the ground - breaking HTC Evo 4G .
Although it ’s not yet available , the hardware configuration , fast network , and state of the art operating system , should technically leave competitors in the dust .
To regain some lost turf , Verizon Wireless just slated the Droid Incredible for a April 29th launch date .
While it ’s definitely not as stunning as the Sprint HTC Evo , it has a lot to offer .
Getting into the specs , the Droid Incredible runs the Android 2.1 with HTC ’s Sense UI on a 1GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon processor .
The operating system embeds support for services such as Facebook , Flickr , and Twitter for social networking addicts .
Unlike the Motorola Droid ’s original configuration that only had three home screens , the Incredible sports seven panels for widgets and icons .
An impressive 8 megapixel camera with dual LED flash claims to capture quality content , but will likely be short of HD - label .
The 3.7 - inch 480 - by - 800 pixel AMOLED capacitive display is a step up from what the iPhone 3GS offers .
HTC also threw in their usual extra optical joystick for navigating through the interface .
With dedicated touch - sensitive keys , a proximity and light sensor , build - in GPS , 3.5 m m headphone jack , and WiFi , HTC covers all the important bases .
With a starting price of $ 199 after a $ 100 mail - in rebate and signing a two - year contract , it ’s a reasonable deal .
The Motorola Droid goes for nearly the same price , but is beginning to get outdated and does n’t offer as much .
Monthly service fees begin at the standard $ 39 for voice and $ 30 for data .
We will hopefully be getting our hands on this prior to launch for a full unboxing and review .
To stay updated , subscribe to our RSS Feed or sign up for Email Subscriptions .
If you have n’t heard , we ’re also on Facebook and Twitter !
Links : VerizonWireless.com | HTC.com
You have a web app .
Your marketing folks would like to update some site content .
You need a content management system , right ?
Probably not .
If you ’re building a cute little website for the bakery down the street that needs to occasionally update prices , go get yourself that fancy CMS .
If you ’d like a Rails - based CMS , go ahead and use Radiant .
As they say , Radiant is a no- fluff , open source content management system designed for small teams .
Keep that small teams part in mind , though .
If that bakery website gets any real traffic , you ’re going to serve somewhere between one to two pages a year .
Radiant is so slow , you ’re better off hand - typing HTML directly into the serial port of your 28.8 modem .
Radiant also makes your web app its bitch .
If your web app wants to use some Radiant content ( they call them ‘ snippets ’ ) , you put your web app inside Radiant ’s extensions directory .
How does that make you feel ?
Now you have a Radiant app and you have more than two problems .
What do you really need ?
Your web app needs fresh content .
There are really only two questions you need to answer for each piece of content .
Where should the content appear and when should it show up ?
The ‘ where ’ question focuses on context .
The marketing copy on your ‘ Sale ’ page might show up below the headline but before your product listing .
Your last - minute holiday shipping guide might show up on your homepage , just below your nav bar .
The ‘ when ’ question is even more critical .
Most real - world applications need more than just a single version of published content .
If you ’re introducing a sale on Monday morning at 8 AM EST , how do you make sure those 10 pieces of content are updated at exactly that time ?
How do you update that last - minute holiday shipping guide every single day for two weeks , at noon ?
When you release fresh content is as important as where it goes .
Solving ‘ where ’ and ‘ when ’ quickly
We needed a way to allow our marketing team to update site content where they wanted , and when they wanted , without any involvement from our technical team .
We distilled our issues down to their essence and set out to find a solution .
Unfortunately , the more CMS systems you find , the more you see how lacking they all are .
If you ’re building a mini brochure site , go for it .
If you are building a web app with Rails , you probably do n’t need a CMS to go along with it .
You need fresh content .
You need to schedule that content , and have it show up where you want it .
What you need , is Rit .
Introducing Rit .
Rit. is not a content management system .
You do n’t build site templates in Rit .
You do n’t build ‘ pages ’ in Rit .
You author content in Rit , and you schedule exactly when you want that content to show up .
That ’s it .
Rit. was designed in about a day by Kasima Tharnpipitchai and I , and developed by Kasima in about a month .
It does exactly what we want , very efficiently , and it might just be what you need , too .
This work was sponsored by my employer , Sheet Music Plus , and is being released today as an open - source product .
Rit. is a simple content scheduler .
We pulled our terminology from prepress printing , and built a scheduling system that allows you to create multiple editions of content that will display exactly when you want .
You can schedule individual pieces of content , or group them into scheduled events .
To help convey how the scheduler works , the README has ASCII art .
Seriously , what more could you want ?
I ’ll be managing patches through github , so fork away and submit pull requests .
Thanks to Sheet Music
Plus for agreeing to release this great project , and a million thanks to Kasima , who is one of the strongest developers I ’ve ever had the pleasure of working with .
Check out the README to learn more about Rit .
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - A former Minnesota nurse was charged on Friday with persuading a British man and a Canadian woman through an online chat room to commit suicide , lying to some prospective victims that he would die with them .
William Melchert - Dinkel , 47 , of Faribault , Minnesota , may have watched at least one of his alleged victims die via webcam , telling police he had an “ obsession ” with suicide , according to a criminal complaint .
A former hospital nurse , Melchert - Dinkel was charged in state court in Rice County , Minnesota , with two counts of aiding suicide , and could face up to 30 years in prison .
The complaint named two victims : Mark Drybrough , 32 , of Coventry , Britain , who hanged himself at his home in 2005 ; and Nadia Kajouji , 18 , of Ottawa , whose body was found in a river more than a month after she went missing in March 2008 .
Authorities said Melchert - Dinkel suggested to prospective victims how much rope to buy and how to tie a slip knot , or how best to drown themselves .
He told police when they interviewed him that he advised people what they could expect to experience when hanging themselves , the complaint said .
He also admitted making suicide pacts with 10 or 11 individuals , characterizing his actions as “ the thrill of the chase , ” the complaint added .
A British woman who frequented the chat room warned authorities in March 2008 that a predator was active on the site , which is devoted to people who want to share suicidal thoughts and feelings of depression , the complaint said .
The woman told Minnesota authorities the predator , using the aliases “ Li Dao ” and “ Falcon Girl , ” posed as a “ young , kind , sympathetic woman who worked as an emergency room nurse , and ( was ) encouraging people to commit suicide , ” according to the complaint .
The complaint said Melchert - Dinkel told police he felt terrible about his role as an advocate for suicide , estimating he had helped “ five or less individuals in killing themselves . ”
“ For anyone , much less a health care professional , to exploit another at their most vulnerable point in life is disturbing , ” St. Paul , Minnesota , Police Chief John Harrington said in a statement .
Melchert - Dinkel , who has been ordered to appear in court next month , could not be reached for comment .
US Tanker Jet EADS Abandons Airbus ' Deal of the Century '
The stakes were huge -- a $ 35 billion contract for 179 tanker jets -- but in the end European aerospace giant EADS saw no chance in winning .
On Monday , its US partner Northrop Grumman withdrew its joint bid with EADS to build tankers for the Pentagon based on an Airbus aircraft model .
EADS officials claim the new bidding process was tailored exclusively for a Boeing win .
Aunt B. nails Viacom :
[ T ] his large media conglomerate is regularly and repeatedly signalling that , even if they ’re willing to stand up to angry Baptists or Jews with hurt feelings , pissed off Muslims are so scary and weird and “ other ” that they have to be handled with kid gloves .
I know plenty of fucked - up Christians who I ’m sure have sent angry letters and phone calls to Comedy Central about South Park .
So , what Comedy Central is saying is that some death - threaty , angry , fundamentalist kill - joys , if they ’re Christian , obviously do n’t reflect the opinions of all Christians or warrant changing programming to accommodate .
But some death - threaty , angry , fundamentalist kill - joys , if they ’re Muslim , will be treated as if they are the legitimate authority on their religion and Comedy Central will respond in fear to them .
And fear is just the submissive expression of hostility .
When Playboy founder Hugh Hefner heard that the campaign to buy the open space west of the Hollywood sign was short about $ 1 million , he knew he had to step in once again to protect the famous Los Angeles landmark .
“ Turned out the kid was back in the water again , ” he said in a telephone interview .
So he anted up $ 900,000 , which helped the campaign cross the finish line .
On Monday , the Trust for Public Land announced that , thanks to Hefner ’s gift and an additional $ 500,000 from the Tiffany & Co. Foundation and Aileen Getty , it finally had the $ 12.5 million needed to buy Cahuenga Peak from Fox River Financial Resources Inc .
The 138 - acre property , which offers a spectacular 360 - degree panorama of the Los Angeles Basin and the San Fernando Valley , now will become part of Griffith Park .
In 1978 , Hefner played a major role in a campaign to fix up the then - terribly dilapidated Hollywood sign .
Ensuring that the land would remain undeveloped was worth taking action again , he said .
“ It ’s like saying let ’s build a house in the middle of Yellowstone Park .
There are some things that are more important .
The Hollywood sign represents the dreams of millions .
It ’s a symbol .
It is as the Eiffel Tower is to Paris .
It represents the movies . ”
The mountaintop once belonged to aircraft titan Howard Hughes , who acquired it in the 1930s hoping to build a love nest for actress Ginger Rogers .
( She would n’t let him . )
It sat unbuilt upon and forgotten for decades until 2002 , when a group of Chicago investors bought the land from the Hughes estate at a bargain - basement price .
When they announced plans to subdivide the peak into five luxury home sites and try to sell them off for $ 40 million , city officials were as shocked as residents .
“ Like many people , I had assumed that all the land surrounding the Hollywood sign was part of Griffith Park , " said Liz Kuball , a photographer who lives in Hollywood and donated $ 10 online .
“ I grew up in the Midwest , and although I did n’t move out to Los Angeles to be in the entertainment industry , I did move out here with the complete conviction that things would be better , and they have been .
To me , the Hollywood sign represents that promise . ”
According to the Trust for Public Land , the campaign — which in February briefly covered the Hollywood sign with the words “ Save the Peak ” — won support from all over the world , with donors from as far away as Norway and Japan .
The Tiffany & Co. Foundation and Aileen Getty each donated $ 1 million to kick off the fundraising — and then in the final days offered $ 500,000 more in a matching grant if the trust could raise the final $ 1 million .
About $ 5.7 million of the purchase money came from state and local funds earmarked for park land acquisition .
An additional $ 3.2 million was raised from Hollywood A - listers including Steven Spielberg and Tom Hanks .
About $ 200,000 came from online donations from Kuball and thousands of others and from local activists who raised money creatively — with a concert on the Sunset Strip and bake sales .
More than 27,000 people followed the campaign on Facebook .
“ This is the optimum makeup of philanthropy .
It ’s been embraced by such a broad spectrum of interest , ” said Sam Hodder , California state director of the Trust for Public Land .
“ By investing in public spaces like this , we are giving the community a chance to interact together .
It ’s a great equalizer .
This is their mountain now . ”
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger spoke of the Hollywood sign and the dreams attached to it at Monday ’s announcement of the purchase .
“ I am proud we were able to come together and create a public - private partnership to protect this historic symbol that will continue to welcome dreamers , artists and Austrian bodybuilders for generations to come , ” he said .
L.A. Councilman Tom LaBonge , who was very active in the fundraising campaign , said saving the peak was a once - in - a - lifetime opportunity .
“ The Cahuenga Peak is very majestic .
This is one mountain you actually could see which is not obscured by houses , ” he said .
“ If we lost this opportunity , we would n’t experience what is truly nature in the heart of the city . ”
chingching.ni@latimes.com
Mint is a great online service for managing your finances and accounts that together with its accompanying iPhone app boasts a pretty significant 2 million users .
While the web - based services are accessible to anyone regardless of what handset they own , users of Mint lacking in the iPhone department had long wondered when they would get to have their cake and eat it too , and it looks like they soon will be able to fill up on the sweet , minty treat .
Ask and though shall receive , as Mint states the upcoming Android version of their application is in direct response to requests from users of the service :
“ Customer feedback and requests help determine upcoming products and features from Mint.com .
In the coming months , the Mint team plans to address user requests , adding support for thousands of additional financial institutions and an Android application to expand its mobile presence beyond its award - winning iPhone application . ”
Some people may not be all that big on the idea of allowing a 3rd party access to your accounts and financial information , but for the many making Mint the # 1 personal finance app available , the service is a must - have .
Mint allows you to control and track your budget , make adjustments , and view trends and history in your spending .
The mobile app gives you quick access to this information wherever you go so you will always know if you have the excess cash for those impulse buys .
YAMI4 - Messaging Solution for Distributed Systems
YAMI4 is a set of messaging libraries designed for distributed systems with particular focus on control and monitoring systems .
The major features of YAMI4 are :
peer - to - peer messaging
support for message priorities
built - in support for load balancing and automatic fail - over
support for publish - subscribe messaging
support for real - time development with comprehensive range of timeout features
high performance and scalability with non-blocking I/
O
small memory and resource footprint , appropriate for microcontroller - based targets
no dependencies on other libraries
In addition to the above capabilities that are ready to use in the peer - to - peer mode , the YAMI4 suite offers :
optional separate message broker supporting tag - based filtering and multi- broker installations
message queue server for large - scale load - balancing scenarios
name service for easier configurability and management of complex systems
gateway service for ad - hoc command / response bindings
The YAMI4 suite for general computing is a multi-language and multi-platform package .
Operating systems : Microsoft Windows , POSIX ( Linux , Max OS X , FreeBSD , ... ) ,
QNX ( with native IPC messaging ) , FreeRTOS , ThreadX , TI - RTOS .
Programming languages : C++ , Ada , Java , .NET , Python , Wolfram .
Apart from supporting general - purpose distributed systems , YAMI4 also has dedicated packages for other specialized areas :
See also the Frequently Asked Questions about YAMI4 .
Advocacy -
Why you should use YAMI4 ?
The following articles present various aspects of YAMI4 that can help you decide whether YAMI4 is a good solution to your problems :
Smart Grid Communication Middleware Comparison - a comparison of various middleware solutions , including YAMI4 , with the Internet of Things ( IoT ) and grid communication in mind .
YAMI4 vs. ZeroMQ - a comparison of YAMI4 and ZeroMQ with respect to how they approach the most important issues of messaging system design .
How Small Is Your Middleware ?
- description of some measurements that were performed during evaluation of YAMI4 for some embedded platform ; if you are fed up with bloated middleware , you will want to see how YAMI4 measures in terms of binary size and memory consumption .
100 kB Message Broker - another report on motivation , development and size measurements that were done for the YAMI4 message broker reimplemented in pure C in order to fit on constrained embedded system .
Documentation
" Programming Distributed Systems with YAMI4 " by Maciej Sobczak
This book is a comprehensive YAMI4 manual that describes the messaging concepts and typical usage patterns .
The HTML version of this book is available as well .
YAMI4 Video Tutorial on YouTube
This tutorial explains fundamental concepts of the YAMI4 library and demonstrates the use of example programs .
For the API reference see the following documentation :
Supplementary material :
yami4industry - misra.pdf - MISRA-C and POSIX standard compatibility report and system requirements , intended to document and justify all deviations from the MISRA - C coding standard and to explain the library expectations with regard to the target platform .
This document is intended for users of the YAMI4 Industry package .
YAMI4 - AE11 - print.pdf Printer - ready version of slides and comments prepared for the YAMI4 Ada tutorial .
( these are handouts from the Ada Connection conference , 2011 , Edinburgh ) .
Discussion Groups
The YAMI4 LinkedIn Group and YAMI4 Google Group are places where YAMI4 users are invited to meet others and to discuss their experiences , find help and exchange ideas .
Licensing and Download
The YAMI4 libraries are dual - licensed and are available in the following two versions :
Professional package : Boost Software License , with intended use in both closed - source ( which is a frequent choice in commercial projects ) and open - source developments where dedicated technical support is required .
: Boost Software License , with intended use in both closed - source ( which is a frequent choice in commercial projects ) and open - source developments where dedicated technical support is required .
GPL package General Public License , version 3 , with intended use for product evaluation , student or academic projects and for all those open - source projects where the conditions of the GPL license are appropriate and which do not need to rely on technical support .
The following GPL packages are available for download ( contact us for details on professional packages ) :
Package : Purpose : yami4 - gpl-1.12.0.zip
Universal source package : libraries and services .
Appropriate for C++11 , Python3 and Wolfram programmers
on Windows , Linux , Max OS X , QNX , FreeRTOS , ThreadX and TI - RTOS .
yami4-gpl-1.10.2.zip
Universal source package : libraries , services and tools .
Appropriate for Ada , C++ , Java , .NET and Python programmers on Windows , Linux and Max OS X .
Third - party tools
The Wireshark network protocol analyser contains a dedicated built - in YAMI4 filter .
Questions ?
Need more information about the YAMI4 project ?
Do not hesitate to ask .
The U.S. National Mottos :
Their history & constitutionality
Sponsored link .
The original national motto : " E Pluribus Unum "
The original motto of the United States was secular .
" E Pluribus Unum " is Latin for " One from many " or " One from many parts . "
It refers to the welding of a single federal state from a group of individual political units -- originally colonies and now states .
On 1776 - JUL - 4 , Congress appointed John Adams , Benjamin Franklin , and Thomas Jefferson to prepare a design for the Great Seal of the United States .
The first design , submitted to Congress on 1776 - AUG - 10 used the motto " E Pluribus Unum . "
It was rejected .
Five other designs also failed to meet with Congress ' approval during the next five years .
In 1782 , Congress asked Mr. Thomson , Secretary of Congress , to complete the project .
Thomson , along with a friend named Barton , produced a design that was accepted by Congress on 1782 - JUN - 10 .
It included an eagle with a heart - shaped shield , holding arrows and an olive branch in its claws .
The motto " E Pluribus Unum " appeared on a scroll held in its beak .
The seal was first used on 1782 - SEP - 16 .
It was first used on some federal coins in 1795 .
1
The replacement motto : " In God We Trust : "
The war of 1812 was an unusual conflict .
Both sides claimed victory .
The winner depends upon which history books or which country 's schools you attended .
Also , the war lasted well beyond 1812 .
During 1814 , Francis Scott Key ( a.k.a. Frank ) had an eventful September .
" Traveling under a white flag , Key met with both an enemy general and admiral , recovered a war prisoner , became a war prisoner , watched a historical bombardment , lost a night 's sleep , and wrote " what eventually became the American national anthem : The Star Spangled Banner .
1
The final stanza reads :
" And this be our motto : ' In God is our trust . '
And the Star Spangled Banner in triumph shall wave
O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave . "
In 1864 , the words were shortened to " In God We Trust " and applied to a newly designed two - cent coin .
Almost a century and a half ago , eleven Protestant denominations mounted a campaign to add references to God into the U.S. Constitution and other federal documents .
Rev. M.R. Watkinson of Ridleyville PA was the first of many to write a letter to the Secretary of the Treasury Salmon P. Chase in 1861 to promote this concept .
2 Watkinson suggested the words " God , Liberty , Law . " 3
In 1863 , Chase asked the Director of the Mint , James Pollock to prepare suitable wording for a motto to be used on Union coins used during the Civil War .
Pollock suggested " Our Trust Is In God , " " Our God And Our Country , " " God And Our Country , " and " God Our Trust . "
Chase picked " In God We Trust " to be used on some of the government 's coins .
The phrase was a subtle reminder that the Union considered itself on God 's side with respect to slavery .
Ironically , so could the Confederacy ; both could quote copious Bible passages in support of their position .
Congress passed enabling legislation .
Since a 1837
Act of Congress already specified the mottos and devices that were to be placed on U.S. coins , it was necessary to pass another Act to enable the motto to be added .
This was done on 1886 - APR - 22 .
" The motto has been in continuous use on the one - cent coin since 1909 , and on the ten - cent coin since 1916 .
It also has appeared on all gold coins and silver dollar coins , half - dollar coins , and quarter - dollar coins struck since " 1908 - JUL - 1. 3
Decades later , Theodore Roosevelt disapproved of the motto .
In a letter to William Boldly on 1907 - NOV - 11 , he wrote :
" My own feeling in the matter is due to my very firm conviction that to put such a motto on coins , or to use it in any kindred manner , not only does no good but does positive harm , and is in effect irreverence , which comes dangerously close to sacrilege ...
It is a motto which it is indeed well to have inscribed on our great national monuments , in our temples of justice , in our legislative halls , and in building such as those at West Point and Annapolis -- in short , wherever it will tend to arouse and inspire a lofty emotion in those who look thereon .
But it seems to me eminently unwise to cheapen such a motto by use on coins , just as it would be to cheapen it by use on postage stamps , or in advertisements . "
In 1956 , the nation was suffering through the height of the cold war , and the McCarthy anti-communist witch hunt .
Partly in reaction to these factors , the 84th Congress passed a joint resolution to replace the existing motto with " In God we Trust . "
The president signed the resolution into law on 1956 - JUL - 30 .
The change was partly motivated by a desire to differentiate between communism , which promotes Atheism , and Western capitalistic democracies , which were at least nominally Christian .
The phrase " Atheistic Communists " has been repeated so many times that the public has linked Atheism with communism ; the two are often considered synonymous .
Many consider Atheism as unpatriotic and un-American as is communism .
The new motto was first used on paper money in 1957 , when it was added to the one - dollar silver certificate .
By 1966 , " In God we Trust " was added to all paper money , from $ 1 to $ 100 denominations .
3
Most communists , worldwide , are Atheists .
But , in North America , the reverse is not true ; most Atheists are non-communists .
Although there are many Atheistic and Humanistic legislators at the federal and state levels , few if any are willing to reveal their beliefs , because of the immense prejudice against Atheism .
If they were open about their beliefs , none would ever have been elected .
During the 1950's the federal government 's references to God multiplied :
The phrase " under God " was added to the otherwise secular Pledge of Allegiance .
The phrase " " was added to the otherwise secular Pledge of Allegiance . "
So help me God " was added as a suffix to the oaths of office for federal justices and judges .
However , they are not compelled to recite the words .
There has been a widespread belief that every president since George Washington has said these words during his inauguration .
The belief appears to be without merit .
" was added as a suffix to the oaths of office for federal justices and judges .
However , they are not compelled to recite the words .
There has been a widespread belief that every president since George Washington has said these words during his inauguration .
The belief appears to be without merit .
American paper currency since 1957 has included the motto " In God We Trust . "
4
The Freedom from Religion Foundation has been unable to find any other country in the world which has a religious motto on their money .
5
However , it appears that :
The Dutch have had a religious motto on their money for over a century ( one source says since the 18 th century ; an other says since 1816 CE ) .
Coins carry the motto " God zij met ons . "
( " God be with us . " ) .
This motto has been carried over into the Netherlands version of the new 2 euro coin .
6,7
During the 1980's , former president Jose Sarney introduced into Brazilian paper money the phrase " Deus seja louvado " ( " God be praised . " )
Although not a motto , many British coins contain a drawing of the queen identified as " Elizabeth II D.G. REG . F.D . "
This is an abbreviation of a Latin phrase which means " Elizabeth II by the Grace of God Queen , Defender of the Faith . "
In Britain , the monarch is the head of the Church of England .
Canadian coins carry the phrase " Elizabeth II D.G. Regina . "
She is the queen of Canada but is not the " Defender of the Faith , " because Canada does not have a state religion for her to defend .
The has been unable to find any other country in the world which has a religious motto on their money .
However , it appears that :
Sponsored link :
Is the motto constitutional ?
The " In God we Trust " motto promotes theistic religion at the expense of non theistic religion and a secular lifestyle .
It promotes the belief in a single , male deity which is followed by the main Abrahamic religions of Judaism , Christianity and Islam ; however , it is foreign to the beliefs of many other religions : Buddhists do not believe in a personal deity ; Zoroastrians and Wiccans believe in two deities ; Hindus believe in many .
It would seem to violate the principle of separation of church and state .
Many Agnostics , Atheists , Buddhists , Hindus , Wiccans , other Neopagans , and others are offended by the motto .
However , the religious motto has been challenged by three lawsuits and has been found to be constitutional .
The courts basically found that the motto does not endorse religion .
" Aronow v. United States , " 432 F.2d 242 ( 1970 ) in the United States Court of Appeals , Ninth Circuit
The court ruled that :
" It is quite obvious that the national motto and the slogan on coinage and currency ' In God We Trust ' has nothing whatsoever to do with the establishment of religion .
Its use is of patriotic or ceremonial character and bears no true resemblance to a governmental sponsorship of a religious exercise . "
" Madalyn Murray O'Hair , et al. v. W. Michael Blumenthal , Secretary of Treasury , et al . " 588 F.2d 1144 ( 1979 ) in the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit .
Ms. O'Hair is ( in ) famous for successfully challenging compulsory prayer in U.S. public schools .
The United States District Court , Western District of Texas , referring to the wording of the Ninth Circuit above , ruled that :
" From this it is easy to deduce that the Court concluded that the primary purpose of the slogan was secular ; it served as secular ceremonial purpose in the obviously secular function of providing a medium of exchange .
As such it is equally clear that the use of the motto on the currency or otherwise does not have a primary effect of advancing religion . "
This ruling was sustained by the Fifth Circuit court .
1
The Freedom From Religion Foundation , Inc. conducted a national survey which showed that " In God We Trust " was regarded as religious by an overwhelming percentage of U.S. citizens .
They initiated a lawsuit on 1994 - JUN - 8 in Denver CO to have it removed from U.S. paper currency and coins .
They also wanted it to be discontinued as the national motto .
Their lawsuit was dismissed by the district Court without trial , on the grounds that " In God We Trust " is not a religious phrase !
The Tenth - Circuit federal judge confirmed the dismissal , stating in part :
" ... we find that a reasonable observer , aware of the purpose , context , and history of the phrase ' In God we trust , ' would not consider its use or its reproduction on U.S. currency to be an endorsement of religion . "
5
The U.S. Supreme Court declined to review all of these rulings .
It might be embarrassing to them , because the motto also hangs on the wall at the Supreme Court .
The Supreme Court has commented in passing on the motto saying that :
" [ o ] ur previous opinions have considered in dicta the motto and the pledge [ of allegiance ] , characterizing them as consistent with the proposition that government may not communicate an endorsement of religious belief . "
Allegheny , 492 U.S .
Federal bill signed into law :
A bill to reaffirm " In God We Trust " as the national motto , and the phrase " Under God " in the Pledge of Allegiance was passed with a 99 % vote in the House , and unanimously in the Senate .
Rep. Todd Akin , ( R - MO ) voted for the measure .
Apparently he is unaware that the " Under God " phrase is a relatively recent addition to the Pledge .
He said : " I think the Congress was expressing the fact that they support the recitation of the pledge as it has always been supported .
I think they 're further saying that there is n't any problem with the First Amendment . "
Historian David Barton , president of WallBuilders , said : " This bill has no effect on the ' Under God ' controversies , because we have seen in a number of cases that when Congress does something , the Supreme Court almost feels compelled to tell them to back off and leave them alone . "
8
Sponsored links :
References used in this essay :
The following information sources were used to prepare and update the above essay .
The hyperlinks are not necessarily still active today .
" God on our coins , " American Atheists at : http://www.atheists.org/
" History of the motto ' In God We Trust ' , " Department of the Treasury , at : http://www.treas.gov/
" History of ' In God We Trust ' , " U.S. Department of the Treasury , at : http://www.treas.gov/
Authorized by HR 619 , 1955 - JUN - 29 .
" U.S. Supreme Court turns down Foundation appeal , " Freedom From Religion Foundation , at : http://www.ffrf.org/
" Euro introduction much more than just a replacement of guilder : National currency symbols end centuries - long history , " The Windmill , 1999 - OCT - 7 , at : http://www.godutch.com/
" Euro coins : Country specific side : Holland , " at : http://www.euro.ecb.int/
Steve Jordahl , " President Signs Law Affirming God in the Pledge , " Focus on the Family , CitizenLink , 2002 - NOV - 15 .
" In God We Trust : History of the motto of the U.S.A. , " Cornerstone Ministries , 1997 - DEC - 01 , at : http://www.christian-community.org/
Other Internet references :
R.C. Reynolds , " In God we trust ;
All others pay cash , " at : http://home.flash.net/
R.C. Reynolds , " , " at : http://home.flash.net/
Suzy Meyer , " ' In God We Trust ' belongs in parent 's curriculum , " Cortez ( CO ) Journal , at : http://www.cortezjournal.com/edit147.htm
, " Cortez ( CO ) Journal , at : http://www.cortezjournal.com/edit147.htm
"
In God We Trust : II Timothy 1:12 , " Grace Baptist Church , Bloomington IN , at : http://www.brandonweb.com/
" Grace Baptist Church , Bloomington IN , at : http://www.brandonweb.com/
Pastor Randy , " In God We Trust : Psalm 33:6 - 12 , " at : http://www.fortresschurch.org/
Copyright © 2000 to 2012 by Ontario Consultants on Religious Tolerance
Originally written : 2000 - AUG - 13
Latest update : 2012 - MAR - 24
Author : B.A. Robinson
Sponsored link
Go to the previous page , or go to the " law and religion " menu , or to the " specific religious conflicts " menu , or choose :
Despite some politicians and TV personalities claiming that climate change is dead , a panel of influential US and European scientists held a press conference at the annual meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science to set the record straight on the state of the science and the recent media frenzy against climate change .
“ There has been no change in the scientific community , no change whatsoever ” in the consensus that globally temperatures are rising , said Gerald North , professor of atmospheric sciences at Texas A&M University .
Recent data has shown that the decade from 2000 - 2009 was the warmest decade on record .
The scientific theory of climate change has been battered in the media lately by a scandal involving leaked emails from prominent climate change scientists , the discovery of errors in the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) report , and , most recently , unusually large snow storms on the US ’s east coast .
Yet , scientists say that none of these ‘ scandals ’ diminish the science of climate change .
“ The reporting on this has been truly abominable , ” said ocean scientist James McCarthy of Harvard in regards to the snow storms on the east coast .
While media outlets , some politicians , and well - known figures — such as business - mogul and TV personality Donald Trump — have stated that the record snowfalls have proven climate change wrong , the science behind climate change has in fact predicted larger precipitation events due to a warmer atmosphere , and therefore increased evaporation .
The heightened backlash against climate science began when emails were hacked from the East Anglican University server last fall .
While the scientists admit the emails were embarrassing , they have explained time and again that sentences in the emails were in fact taken out of context .
For example , the media jumped on the use of the word ‘ trick ’ in one of the emails , but the word trick in scientific parlance simply means a shortcut or clever way to fixing a problem .
Next came the revelation that the IPCC report had a number of mistakes in it , including a prediction that Himalayan glaciers could melt by 2035 .
Although , the mistake has been flaunted in the media , McCarthy said that such mistakes were “ careless ” , but minor in the big picture .
The IPCC report spans thousands of pages , but has been undermined in the media , according to McCarthy , by “ two sentences on glaciers ” .
Still , McCarthy added that IPCC should have done a full and public examination of how the errors occurred : “ The names of the authors , who was on the review , what happened — it all should have been up there , and it was n’t done .
And I think that the institution was hurt as a result , ”
“ The greater the stature of the institution , ” McCarthy added “ the harder the fall . ”
Climatologists have been taken aback by the forcefulness of attacks against climate change and sometimes targeting researchers personally .
“ One guy e-mailed me to say I ’m a ‘ whore for the global warming crowd , ' ” said climatologist Gerald North .
He also pointed out that this sort of hateful rhetoric was seen in mainstream news by showing a quote from TV personality Glenn Beck who suggested that if the IPCC had been run by the Japanese they should have committed mass - suicide by “ hari - kari ” .
“ The situation is completely out of hand , ” North commented .
Part of the problem scientists say is that they do not have the training to be media - savvy nor how to easily convey their findings to the public .
“ We are very immature in our public communications , ” North commented .
“ We need some coaching . ”
Ralph Cicerone , president of the National Academy of Science and chair of the National Research Council agreed : “ A lot of what we need to do is translate basic information into terms the public can understand . ”
Researchers made a “ tactical error ” by not responding to the attacks in public and allowing “ the situation to get out of control , ” said Sheila Jasanoff , policy expert at Harvard University .
She added : “ There is a kind of arrogance — we are scientists and we know best .
That needs to change . ”
Lord Martin Rees , president of the Royal Society in the U.K concluded that while some of the details of climate change were uncertain , “ we think despite all the uncertainties …action is justified and indeed imperative . ”
Related articles
The Amazongate fiasco
( 02/03/2010 )
A claim published in the Sunday Times over the veracity of a statement published in an Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) report may land the British newspaper in hot water .
On Sunday , Jonathan Leake , Science & Environment Editor of the Sunday Times , accused the IPCC of making a “ bogus rainforest claim ” when it cited a report warning that up to 40 percent of the Amazon could be “ drastically ” affected by climate change .
Climate change skeptics immediately seized on “ Amazongate ” as further evidence to discredit the IPCC just two weeks after it was found to be using shoddy glacier data in its 2007 climate assessment .
Rainforest expert agrees with IPCC : warns of ‘ tipping point ’ for Amazon
( 02/03/2010 ) Amid questions over the Amazon forests ’ capacity to survive climate change , a renowned tropical biologist says that in fact the fears are real , reports Tierramerica .
Speaking at the Biodiversity Science Policy Conference in Paris , Thomas Lovejoy , biodiversity chair at the Washington DC - based Heinz Center for Science , Economics and the Environment , and chief biodiversity adviser to the president of the World Bank , described the Amazon rainforest as “ very close to a tipping point ” .
The warmest decade on record
( 01/27/2010 ) The 2000s were the warmest decade on record according to analysis by NASA ’s Goddard Institute for Space Studies ( GISS ) .
NASA : 2009 second warmest year on record
( 01/24/2010 ) According to NASA ’s Goddard Institute for Space Studies ( GISS ) , last year was tied for the second warmest year on record after 2005 , the warmest year on record .
If just looking at the southern hemisphere , however , 2009 proved the warmest yet recorded since record - taking began in 1880 .
Overall 2009 tied a total of five other years — four from the 2000s — for the second warmest on record .
But , researchers say what is most important was that the past decade , from January 1st 2000 to December 31st 2009 , proved the warmest on record .
Climate change pushes massive Antarctic glacier past tipping point
( 01/14/2010 ) A new study shows that a major Antarctic glacier has likely passed its tipping point , putting it on track to lose 50 percent of its ice in 100 years .
Such a loss is estimated to raise global sea levels by 24 centimeters ( 9.4 inches ) , according to the study published in the Proceedings of Royal Society A .
Canadians say climate change bigger threat than terrorism
( 01/11/2010 ) A new poll shows that Canadians now see climate change as a larger threat than terrorism , even though their government has largely scaled back efforts to combat climate change .
Half of the poll ’s respondents said that climate change was a ‘ critical threat ’ , while only a quarter said the same about terrorism .
Chinese official links extreme snowstorm to global warming
( 01/05/2010 ) Bitter cold and snow have shut down Beijing after it received 4 - 8 inches ( 10 - 20 centimeters ) of snow on Sunday , the largest snowfall since 1951 , according to the Sydney Morning Hearld .
Guo Hu , the head of the Beijing Meteorological Bureau linked the storm to global climate change .
Record - breaking snow across the US and climate change
( 12/26/2009 )
Over the past few weeks the United States has been pounded by a number of big snow storms .
A week ago Washington DC received 18 inches of snow , setting a number of records .
Over Christmas , the middle of the country , from Texas to Minnesota was also hit by record amounts of snow .
While snow fall over the East Coast and middle of the country in the United States in December is hardly unusual , a number of record amounts of precipitation may point to a larger shift in the climate .
Scientists say that higher temperatures causes more water evaporation , which increases the chances of heavy precipitation events , such as floods and snowstorms .
Catastrophic sea level rise could occur with only two degrees Celsius warming
( 12/17/2009 )
Allowing the climate to rise by just two degrees Celsius — the target most industrialized nations are currently discussing in Copenhagen — may still lead to a catastrophic sea level rise of six to nine meters , according to a new study in Nature .
While this rise in sea levels would take hundreds of years to fully occur , inaction this century could lock the world into this fate .
Climate change causing irreversible acidification in world ’s oceans
( 12/15/2009 )
A new study from the Secretariat of the Convention on Biological Diversity has synthesized over 300 reports on ocean acidification caused by climate change .
The report finds that increasing ocean acidification in the oceans will lead to irreversible damage in the world ’s oceans , creating a less biodiverse marine environment .
Released today the report determines that the threat to marine life by ocean acidification must be considered by policymakers at the UN Climate Change Conference in Copenhagen .
Update : On March 1 , 2010 , a federal judge issued a decision ordering New York State to create 4,500 units of supportive housing for people currently living in adult homes .
You can read more about the decision and its impact here .
NOT TOO MANY VISITORS to Coney Island wander down the boardwalk past the Cyclone , the Wonder Wheel , and Nathan ’s Famous hot dogs , all the way to the shabby brick building at 2316 Surf Avenue .
A century ago , this area was popular with vacationers ; today this building , one block from the boardwalk , houses a very different population .
Its name — Surf Manor , spelled out in red letters across the front — suggests grandeur , but there is nothing grand about this place .
Out front , a few of the building ’s residents huddle against the ocean wind , enveloped by the stench of cigars .
Their choice of smoke testifies to their meager means :
Nobody can afford cigarettes , which sell for at least $ 9 a pack at the bodega next door ; Omega Little Cigars are just $ 3.50 .
These men and women exist in a strange form of limbo .
When New York state began downsizing its psychiatric hospitals in the 1960s , they were promised a chance to live in the community — but instead wound up relegated to the fringes of the city , warehoused in adult homes like Surf Manor .
These privately owned , for - profit residences were originally set up to house the elderly , but soon they became New York ’s de facto mental institutions : Today , in New York City alone , they house some 4,300 people with schizophrenia , bipolar disorder , and other serious psychiatric illnesses .
Year after year , conditions inside these adult homes quietly deteriorated ; not too many New Yorkers even knew what “ adult homes ” were , much less what went on inside them .
All this changed in 2002 , when the New York Times ‘ Clifford J. Levy wrote a Pulitzer - winning exposé detailing the worst sorts of abuses : residents preying on one another , including one who stabbed his roommate to death ; workers shuttling residents to Medicare and Medicaid mills , where doctors performed unnecessary surgeries , then billed the government ; residents literally roasting to death in their rooms for lack of air conditioning .
It was the sort of bad press that can be amazingly productive — creating so much public scrutiny that state legislators have no choice but to fix a system everyone knows is broken .
As the state health commissioner then told the Times , “ The world of adult homes is going to change dramatically . ”
Her promise never came to pass , though .
One home did shut down and one doctor ended up in federal prison , but the day - to - day lives of adult - home residents remained unchanged .
Frustrated by the lack of large - scale reform , a group of attorneys led by Disability Advocates Inc. took their case to federal court .
In 2003 , they filed a lawsuit accusing New York state of violating the Americans with Disabilities Act by keeping mentally ill people segregated in adult homes .
In the summer of 2006 , as the suit was wending its way through the courts , photographer Erica McDonald happened upon Surf Manor while visiting Coney Island .
Over the next 18 months , she returned again and again , befriending residents , taking their portraits , distributing photos to her subjects , and shooting some more .
One Saturday , she invited me to join her on a visit .
The scene in the lobby suggested a permanent state of inertia .
Dozens of people sat slumped in a psychotropic daze , staring blankly at a TV .
The building has some 200 residents , but the sign - in sheet at the front desk revealed they ’d had only 13 visitors over the prior 14 days .
A monthly schedule taped to the wall was packed with activities like bingo and blackjack , but as one longtime resident said , “ If you believe the schedule , I ’ve got a bridge I can sell you . ”
The high point of the afternoon came when residents lined up to wait for an aide to hand them their pills in a plastic cup .
And then they went back to watching TV .
Or staring at the walls .
Or smoking outside .
Many of the residents arrived at Surf Manor straight from the psych ward of a local hospital — not because anyone decided Surf Manor was the perfect fit for them , but because they had nowhere else to go .
“ They told me if I do n’t take Surf Manor , they were going to put me in the state hospital in Staten Island , ” says George McGuire , a 55 - year - old with a diagnosis of schizophrenia who previously lived in a homeless shelter .
“ I was n’t given many choices . ” Eddie DiJols , 55 , says he used to sleep on the subway and the Staten Island Ferry before arriving here .
One of the residents ’ chief complaints is that they are all treated the same , regardless of their capabilities .
They have no access to a kitchen or washing machine , no control over what they ’re served for dinner or when they get their monthly allowance .
“ You get stifled — and you regress .
You become dependent on these people , and I do n’t want that , ” says DiJols , who used to work as a cook at hotels in the Catskills until , he says , “ I had a breakdown . ”
Irene Kaplan has spent much of the last 16 years in bed here , reading or doing needlepoint or watching TV .
“ What I have to do for myself is almost nothing , ” she says .
“ If you have any sense of individuality , if you ’re at all independent — if you spend any time in an adult home , you ’re going to start doubting yourself . ”
For advice , residents rely on one another , which usually means knocking on room 430 .
It ’s the home of Norman Bloomfield , president of Surf Manor ’s residents ’ council , who came here straight from the psych unit of a local hospital .
“ I had no idea what an adult home was before I moved into one , ” he says .
Seven years later , he ’s an expert .
A onetime NYU student , now 62 , he walks around with a Moleskine notebook in his pocket , recording his observations — and fellow residents ’ complaints .
What do residents dislike about Surf Manor ?
“ The boredom .
The sense that you ’re not in charge of your own life .
The lack of independence .
The lack of a future . ”
Bloomfield says , “ For the first few months , my only thought was getting out . ”
But getting out is not so easy .
Many residents are on Supplemental Security Income ; after rent and board are deducted , they are left with just $ 198 a month .
With so little income , they cannot afford an apartment of their own .
Many dream instead of obtaining “ supported housing ” — an apartment with subsidized rent , where they could be in charge of their own cooking and pills and laundry , and which comes with a caseworker who visits regularly — but such apartments are virtually impossible to come by .
Units are scarce ; the process of applying is so bureaucratic it can confuse even the most capable individual ; and adult homes have little incentive to help residents leave since fewer residents means less revenue .
“ They want all the beds filled up to get the maximum rent , ” Bloomfield says .
In the eight years since the Times series appeared , New York City has added only 60 apartments for mentally disabled adult - home residents .
That equation may be about to change , however , thanks to the lawsuit filed by Disability Advocates and several other nonprofits .
All it took was six years , more than a dozen attorneys , and tens of thousands of hours of work , culminating in an 18 - day trial in federal court featuring 30 witnesses and 300 - plus exhibits .
One expert witness for the plaintiffs described adult homes as possessing “ some of the elements of a homeless shelter and some of the elements of a state hospital ” ; another characterized them as “ little ghettos . ”
In September 2009 , the judge ruled that New York state had indeed discriminated by isolating mentally ill people in adult homes .
Among the exhibits presented to buttress the residents ’ case were a few of Erica McDonald ’s photographs from Surf Manor .
New York could appeal , but even if it does n’t , it will likely take a few years before this courtroom victory translates into enough supported housing .
In the meantime , the television in the lobby at Surf Manor stays on , the days drag by , and residents dream of a life no longer confined to an adult home on the edge of town , but in an apartment they can call their own .
The photographer thanks the Coalition of Institutionalized Aged and Disabled for assisting with this project .
Hillary Clinton 's Latin America tour is turning out to be about as successful as George W Bush 's visit in 2005 , when he ended up leaving Argentina a day ahead of schedule just to get the hell out of town .
The main difference is that she is not being greeted with protests and riots .
For that she can thank the positive media image that her boss , President Obama , has managed to maintain in the region , despite his continuation of his predecessor 's policies .
But she has been even more diplomatically clumsy that Bush , who at least recognised that there were serious problems and knew what not to say .
" The Honduras crisis has been managed to a successful conclusion , " Clinton said in Buenos Aires , adding that " it was done without violence . "
This is rubbing salt into her hosts ' wounds , as they see the military overthrow of President Mel Zelaya last June , and subsequent efforts by the US to legitimise the dictatorship there as not only a failure but a threat to democracy throughout the region .
It is also an outrageous thing to say , given the political killings , beatings , mass arrests , and torture that the coup government used in order to maintain power and repress the pro-democracy movement .
The worst part is that they are still committing these crimes .
Today nine members of the US Congress – including some Democrats in Congressional leadership positions – wrote to Clinton and to the White House about this violence .
They wrote :
" Since President Lobo 's inauguration , several prominent opponents of the coup have been attacked .
On 3 February , Vanessa Zepeda , a nurse and union organiser who had previously received death threats linked to her activism in the resistance movement , was strangled and her body dumped from a vehicle in Tegucigalpa .
On 15 February , Julio Funes Benitez , a member of the [ water and sewage workers ] trade union and an active member of the national resistance movement , was shot and killed by unknown gunmen on a motorcycle outside his home .
Most recently , Claudia Brizuela , an opposition activist , was murdered in her home on 24 February .
Unfortunately these are only three of the numerous attacks against activists and their families … "
Clinton will meet on Friday with " Pepe " Lobo of Honduras , who was elected president after a campaign marked by media shutdowns and police repression of dissent .
The Organisation of American States and European Union refused to send official observers to the election .
The members of Congress also asked that Clinton , in her meeting with Lobo , " send a strong unambiguous message that the human rights situation in Honduras will be a critical component of upcoming decisions regarding the further normalisations of relations , as well as the resumption of financial assistance . "
This was the third letter that Clinton received from Congress on human rights in Honduras .
On 7 August and 25 September members of Congress from Hillary Clinton 's own Democratic party wrote to her to complain of the ongoing human rights abuses in Honduras and impossibility of holding free elections under these conditions .
They did not even get a perfunctory reply until 28 January , more than four months after the second letter was sent .
This is an unusual level of disrespect for the elected representatives of one 's own political party .
For these New Cold Warriors , it seems that all that has mattered is that they got rid of one social democratic president of one small , poor country .
In Brazil , Clinton continued her cold war strategy by throwing in some gratuitous insults toward Venezuela .
This is a bit like going to a party and telling the host how much you do n't like his friends .
After ritual denunciations of Venezuela , Clinton said " We wish Venezuela were looking more to its south and looking at Brazil and looking at Chile and other models of a successful country . "
Brazilian foreign minister Celso Amorim responded with diplomacy , but there was no mistaking his strong rebuff to her insults : he said that he agreed with " one point " that Clinton made , " that Venezuela should look southwards more … that is why we have invited Venezuela to join MERCOSUR as a full member country . "
Clinton 's rightwing allies in Paraguay 's legislature – the remnants of that country 's dictatorship and 60 years of one - party rule – are currently holding up Venezuela 's membership in the South American trade block .
This is not what she wanted to hear from Brazil .
The Brazilians also rejected Clinton 's rather undiplomatic efforts to pressure them to join Washington in calling for new sanctions against Iran .
" It is not prudent to push Iran against a wall , " said Brazilian president Lula da Silva . "
The prudent thing is to establish negotiations . "
" We will not simply bow down to an evolving consensus if we do not agree , " Amorim said at a press conference with Clinton .
Secretary Clinton made one concession to Argentina , calling for the UK to sit down with the Argentine government and discuss their dispute over the Malvinas ( Falklands ) Islands .
But it seems unlikely that Washington will do anything to make this happen .
For now , the next crucial test will be Honduras : will Clinton continue Washington 's efforts to whitewash the Honduran government 's repression ?
Or will she listen to the rest of the hemisphere as well as her own Democratic members of Congress and insist on some concessions regarding human rights , including the return of Mel Zelaya to his country ( as the Brazilians also emphasised ) ?
This story may not get much US media attention , but Latin America will be watching .
While experts cite a host of reasons for the upsurge , they agree on one thing : the bugs , which were mostly eradicated in this country at midcentury by now - banned pesticides like DDT but remained a constant scourge overseas , are finding their way back to the United States through an increase in global travel .
And in cities like New York , where neighbors are often separated only by bricks and mortar , one person ’s infestation is everybody ’s problem , since bedbugs can crawl through walls and along wiring and pipes , and hitchhike on clothing , furniture , luggage and more .
In this city of 8.3 million , it seems as if everyone has a bedbug story .
Just ask Gale A. Brewer , a self - appointed bedbug evangelist and a City Council member from the Upper West Side .
She prodded the Mayor ’s office to convene a bedbug advisory committee last fall , after years of what she and others felt were woeful public policy inadequacies in the face of the relentless advances of what some have called “ the pest of the century . ”
( The committee — entomologists , civic policy experts and advocates for children , the elderly and others — will issue its recommendations next month . )
The breadth and scope of the problem has been captured anecdotally in anguished tales — the family living in a tent outside their lovely - but - infested Long Island home , the woman in the Upper West Side one - bedroom who spent $ 9,500 on extermination and lived out of plastic bags , at friends ’ apartments , for three months — posted on blogs like bedbugger and newyorkvsbedbugs , the likes of which have been spreading like , well , bedbugs , over the last few years .
They are told over and over at community board hearings presided over by Ms. Brewer and others , and recorded in mainstream media .
Another picture , though still incomplete , comes from the city ’s Department of Housing Preservation and Development , which has been tracking bedbug complaints and violations through calls to the 311 help line .
Consider that six years ago , there were 537 bedbug complaints and 82 violations ( in other words , verified infestations ) ; last year , complaints topped out at nearly 11,000 , with 4,084 violations cited ( nearly double that of the previous year ) .
But the complaints registered with the department and 311 relate only to rental properties ; reports of bedbugs scampering through the private sanctums of hotels , co-ops and condos , colleges and office buildings remain largely uncounted , though real estate lawyers and brokers report that co-op minutes reveal a world that ’s just as infested as the rest of the city .
Portlanders Asked to Take Extreme Fire Precautions
As red flag weather conditions descended on Portland and sparked unprecedented multiple wildfires around the region , Portland Fire & Rescue responded to back - to - back incidents around the area .
From downed power lines to trees crashing into cars and buildings to wind - stoked fires , PF&R is working around the clock to keep Portland safe .
Since Monday , PF&R has responded to over 500 fire calls while in the previous three days we responded to 152 .
Portland firefighters who are part of Incident Command Teams overseen by the Oregon Fire Marshal ’s Office have already been deployed around the state to work on wildfires .
Task forces were created to address the immediate needs in our neighboring counties that are fighting multiple wildfires requiring evacuations .
We are supplying as much mutual aid as we can while still protecting Portland .
To date , 70 Portland Fire & Rescue firefighters have been deployed around the state and we have put five fire engines , one water tender , and one brush unit on the road to assist Clackamas County and Medford in their wildfire fight .
“ This is an unprecedented fire event affecting our state and it requires all of us to work together as a community , ” says Fire Chief Sara Boone .
“ Thank you to our firefighters who left their homes to combat these wildfires that are destroying lives and property across Oregon .
I want to recognize that many City of Portland employees , including firefighters , have been forced to evacuate their homes and are experiencing loss .
I am asking every single person in Portland to do their part to prevent fires in the city . ”
Fire staffing in the state is stretched thin and it is of the utmost importance that Portlanders take extreme preventative measures to make sure no fires are started .
Some suggested measures Portlanders can take to protect themselves and the community are below :
Do not BBQ or create outdoor fires during this dangerous period .
Do not smoke outside and make sure inside cigarette butts are extinguished fully in a non-combustible ashtray .
Do not use any machinery that creates sparks outside .
If you live next to a natural area , you should provide firefighters with the defensible space they need to protect your home .
Create a buffer zone by removing weeds , brush and other vegetation .
This helps keep the fire away from your home and reduces the risk from flying embers .
Sign up to receive emergency alerts at www.publicalerts.org
Be aware : if you see a fire , no matter how small , call 9 - 1 - 1 .
Learn what to do at different emergency evacuation levels :
Level 1 : Get Ready
Level 2 : Be Set
Level 3 : GO !
Hideo Kojima has revealed that a certain scene in Metal Gear Solid : Peace Walker had to be cut from the Japanese version to meet a “ C rating ” , which is basically like an age 15 certificate .
However the Western versions of the game will remain completely uncut , with that specific scene intact .
In the US , it has been rated T for Teen by the ESRB , while the BBFC has given it a 15 in the UK .
Hideo was upset about having to lose the scene in the Japanese version , as he stated on Twitter that it is “ absolutely necessary for MGS ” .
When you put it like that Hideo , I feel real fortunate to be living in the Western world .
My question is what kind of scene had to be cut from the Japanese version that was kindly passed by the Western certificate associations ?
Metal Gear Solid : Peace Walker releases at the end of this month in Japan for PSP .
It releases in the US on June 8th and in the UK on June 17 .
Share this :
Tweet
Note :
With the end of True Blood looming in the distance ( like a big scary vampire castle ) , the ending of The Boondocks well behind us ( just like racism ) and the inevitable violent death of Game of Thrones ( just like ... well , every character ) , it 's easy to start feeling pretty pessimistic about the state of modern TV .
But with this Cracked Classic , we 're prepared to remind you that things could be much , much worse .
Just so much worse .
Be thankful for everything you have because the alternative is too terrible to imagine .
- Cracked
There are two ways to wrap up a canceled or ending TV show .
There 's the oft employed looking back at an empty room and closing the door option .
Then there 's the " WTF !
Let 's stab their eyeballs with crazy ! " approach .
7 ALF is Sent Off to be Tortured and Dissected
In 1986 , a friendly , wise - cracking alien crashed into the Tanner 's garage , claiming to be the only survivor of his destroyed planet of Melmac .
Despite being able to fluently speak English and explaining that his name is Gordon Shumway , the Tanners dubbed him ALF ( for Alien Life Form ) and only refer to him as such from then on .
Kind of a dick move now that we think about it .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Initially , the Tanners were n't very happy to house a short smartass who wanted to eat their cat , but they soon realized the gravity of the situation after a man from the Alien Task Force showed up at their door .
Curious , Kate Tanner asked the man just what would happen to ALF if they did catch him .
Actual quote from the first episode :
" We 'll see how it responds to intense heat , freezing cold , high voltage , toxic substances , pain , sleep deprivation , inoculation [ that 's needles ] , and , of course , dissection . "
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
" Why do n't you just pull its toenails out ? "
" You did n't let me finish . "
Forget trying to learn about advanced science from this obviously technically superior species , our government would rather see what he looks like on fire .
Naturally , the Tanners decide that annoying or not , they absolutely have to keep ALF safe from the Alien Task Force so he wo n't be tortured to death .
Over the next four years , the Tanners learned to love ALF and accept him as part of the family , until the Alien Task Force finally caught him !
Picture Of The Day : I ’m Sure All The Girls Will Admire Him
I really want to believe this guy is being funny and wearing a body suit , but sadly , it does not appear to be the case .
We ’re most likely looking at a guy who started working out at too young of an age , stunted his growth , developed an inferiority complex as a result , took too many roids , let it get out of hand , and now has some of the biggest , most disgusting biceps in the world .
He looks ridiculous and I bet he could n’t hold a dude in a head lock if he tried .
Talk about empty size .
Share This
Introduction
" The fastest browser on Earth . "
That 's what the Opera homepage has said since Tuesday .
After five release candidates and two betas , the boys from Oslo just recently launched the final build of Opera 10.50 .
That 's a pretty heavy claim to make , though , especially with well - establish competition already in the field demonstrating impressive performance at an unbeatably - low price .
Does it hold up ?
And although you might have missed it due to iPad hysteria , both Mozilla and Google recently released new versions of their browsers as well .
Opera is n't the only one making bold statements on performance , either .
In the days leading up to the unveiling of Apple 's impossibly over - hyped slate , Mozilla dropped Firefox 3.6 and claimed a whopping 20 % speed gain over version 3.5 .
Three days later , Google quietly unveiled Chrome 4.0 stable , though the actual version number is 4.0.249.78 .
Image 1 of 2 Image 2 of 2
Let us not forget that Cupertino also offers a Web browser .
In fact , Apple claims Safari is " the world 's fastest Web browser . "
Sounds strangely familiar , does n't it ?
Even Internet Explorer , which has n't had a release since last year , is in the headlines lately .
But it 's the charges being leveled against IE that are drawing the most attention .
We 've seen mounting pressure to abandon Microsoft 's browser by everyone from Homeland Security to McAfee and Google - - even some foreign governments .
If it 's so horrible , than why is anyone still using it ?
Is there a performance justification for why almost 60 % of Internet users still cling to IE ?
We decided that somebody needed to look at these browsers .
So , we put all five major Web browsers through a gauntlet of benchmarks and time trials .
We did this to conclusively answer the question : which is the fastest browser on Earth ( at least until one of these companies launches another major update ) ?
In 1978 , a trio of psychologists curious about happiness assembled two groups of subjects .
In the first were winners of the Illinois state lottery .
These men and women had received jackpots of between fifty thousand and a million dollars .
In the second group were victims of devastating accidents .
Some had been left paralyzed from the waist down .
For the others , paralysis started at the neck .
People who are destitute are surprisingly likely to describe themselves as happy .
Illustration by Laurent Cilluffo
The researchers asked the members of both groups a battery of questions about their lives .
On a scale of “ the best and worst things that could happen , ” how did the members of the first group rank becoming rich and the second wheelchair - bound ?
How happy had they been before these events ?
How about now ?
How happy did they expect to be in a couple of years ?
How much pleasure did they take in daily experiences such as talking with a friend , hearing a joke , or reading a magazine ?
( The lottery winners were also asked how much they enjoyed buying clothes , a question that was omitted in the case of the quadriplegics . )
For a control , the psychologists assembled a third group , made up of Illinois residents selected at random from the phone book .
When the psychologists tabulated the answers , they found that the lottery group rated winning as a highly positive experience and the accident group ranked victimhood as a negative one .
Clearly , the winners realized that they ’d been fortunate .
But this only made the subsequent results more puzzling .
The winners considered themselves no happier at the time of the interviews than the members of the control group did .
In the future , the winners expected to become slightly happier , but , once again , no more so than the control - group members .
( Even the accident victims expected to be happier than the lottery winners within a few years . )
Meanwhile , the winners took significantly less pleasure in daily activities — including clothes - buying — than the members of the other two groups .
Perhaps , the psychologists hypothesized , people who buy lottery tickets tend to be melancholy to begin with , and this had skewed the results .
They randomly selected another group of Illinoisans , some of whom had bought lottery tickets in the past and some of whom had n’t .
The buyers and the non-buyers exhibited no significant affective differences .
The members of this new panel , too , rated themselves just as happy as the lottery winners , and reported getting more pleasure from their daily lives .
The researchers wrote up their findings on the lottery winners and the accident victims in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology .
The paper is now considered one of the founding texts of happiness studies , a field that has yielded some surprisingly morose results .
It ’s not just hitting the jackpot that fails to lift spirits ; a whole range of activities that people tend to think will make them happy — getting a raise , moving to California , having kids — do not , it turns out , have that effect .
( Studies have shown that women find caring for their children less pleasurable than napping or jogging and only slightly more satisfying than doing the dishes . )
As the happiness researchers Tim Wilson and Daniel Gilbert have put it , “ People routinely mispredict how much pleasure or displeasure future events will bring . ”
What should we do with information like this ?
On an individual level , it ’s possible to stop buying lottery tickets , move back to Minnesota , and , provided the news reaches you in time , have your tubes tied .
But there are more far - reaching societal implications to consider .
Or so Derek Bok argues in his new book , “ The Politics of Happiness : What Government Can Learn from the New Research on Well - Being ” ( Princeton ; $ 24.95 ) .
Bok , who served two stints as president of Harvard , begins with a discussion of prosperity and its discontents .
Over the past three and a half decades , real per-capita income in the United States has risen from just over seventeen thousand dollars to almost twenty - seven thousand dollars .
During that same period , the average new home in the U.S. grew in size by almost fifty per cent ; the number of cars in the country increased by more than a hundred and twenty million ; the proportion of families owning personal computers rose from zero to seventy per cent ; and so on .
Yet , since the early seventies , the percentage of Americans who describe themselves as either “ very happy ” or “ pretty happy ” has remained virtually unchanged .
Indeed , the average level of self - reported happiness , or “ subjective well - being , ” appears to have been flat going all the way back to the nineteen - fifties , when real per-capita income was less than half what it is today .
Several theories have been offered to explain why the United States is , in effect , a nation of joyless lottery winners .
One , the so - called “ hedonic treadmill ” hypothesis , holds that people rapidly adjust to improved situations ; thus , as soon as they acquire some new delight — a second house , a third car , a fourth - generation iPhone — their expectations ramp upward , and they are left no happier than before .
Another is that people are relativists ; they are interested not so much in having more stuff as in having more than those around them .
Hence , if Jack and Joe both blow their year - end bonuses on Maseratis , nothing has really changed and neither is any more satisfied .
America ’s felicific stagnation should n’t be ignored , Bok argues , whatever the explanation .
Growth , after all , has its costs , and often quite substantial ones .
If “ rising incomes have failed to make Americans happier over the last fifty years , ” he writes , “ what is the point of working such long hours and risking environmental disaster in order to keep on doubling and redoubling our Gross Domestic Product ? ”
To suggest that the U.S. abandon economic growth as a policy goal is a fairly far - reaching proposal .
Bok concedes as much —
“ The implications of this critique are profound ” — but he insists that all he ’s doing is attending to the data .
He takes a similarly provocative and , again , empirically driven position in a chapter titled “ What to Do About Inequality . ”
His answer is , in a word , “ Nothing . ”
It ’s true , Bok acknowledges , that rich Americans tend , on average , to be happier than poor ones .
It ’s also true that the incomes of the country ’s top earners have , in recent decades , grown several times as fast as those of the earners at the bottom .
But the statistics show that , over the past few decades , the subjective well - being of those at the bottom has remained unchanged .
If the poor are n’t bothered by the growing disparity , Bok asks , why should anyone else be ?
“ The most obvious reason for deploring income inequality is our instinctive sympathy for those who must make do with many fewer goods and services , ” he observes .
“ It is not immediately clear , however , why growing inequality should elicit such compassion if lower - income Americans themselves have not become less happy . ”
After scratching growth and income redistribution off his list , Bok goes on to discuss measures that , the evidence suggests , would increase aggregate happiness .
Job loss , he points out , has been shown to be singularly upsetting .
According to one frequently cited study , as a downer it outranks divorce or separation .
Even when workers find a new position at similar pay , they often fail to regain their earlier level of happiness .
But the U.S. , according to Bok , does “ less than virtually any other advanced industrial nation to cushion the shock of unemployment . ”
Surely , there is room here for improvement .
Bok recommends that unemployment insurance be extended to the fifty per cent ( or more ) of American workers who are not now covered , and that aid be offered to those who lose their jobs and want to go back to school .
Chronic pain is another source of misery that could be ameliorated by better policy .
Current regulations on painkillers , which are aimed at keeping drugs like Oxycontin out of the hands of addicts , have the unfortunate effect of also keeping them away from cancer victims .
Depression , too , is often inadequately treated ;
Bok cites research that suggests that only one out of every six seriously depressed Americans receives the proper care .
“ It is not unreasonable to expect the government to . . . provide some simple way to help the mentally ill cope with the confusing array of health care options and agencies and guide them to appropriate treatment , ” he writes .
“ Nor is it impossible to create a health care system that covers all of the mentally ill . ”
Bok ’s recommendations continue in this vein — better treatment of sleep disorders , more recreational sports programs for kids , improved civics classes .
( Research shows that people who participate in political activities such as voting are happier than those who do n’t . )
The measures may strike readers as inadequate to the task of increasing gross national happiness .
But that , it could be argued , only proves Bok ’s point : “ People do not always know what will give them lasting satisfaction . ”
In recent years , happiness research has gone international , and in “ Happiness Around the World : The Paradox of Happy Peasants and Miserable Millionaires ” ( Oxford ; $ 24.95 ) , Carol Graham , a professor of public policy at the University of Maryland , reports on some of the findings .
As in the United States , she notes , the rich in any given country tend to be happier than the less affluent .
But , once again , the relationship between money and well - being turns out to be a lot less straightforward than is generally assumed .
Take the case of Nigeria .
The country ’s per-capita G.D.P. last year was about fourteen hundred dollars .
( In real terms , this is significantly lower than it was when the nation declared its independence , in 1960 . )
Yet the proportion of Nigerians who rate themselves happy is as high as the proportion of Japanese , whose per-capita G.D.P. is almost twenty - five times as great .
The percentage of Bangladeshis who report themselves satisfied is twice as high as the percentage of Russians , though Russians are more than four times as rich , and the proportion of happy Panamanians is twice as high as that of happy Argentines , though the Argentines have double the income .
Research that Graham has done in Afghanistan shows that , despite three decades of war and widespread destitution , Afghans are , on average , a pretty cheerful lot .
( The most cheerful areas of the country tend to be those in which the Taliban ’s influence is stronger . )
Graham ’s research in Latin America shows that the very poor are often remarkably upbeat .
“ Higher per capita income levels do not translate directly into higher average happiness levels , ” she writes .
Graham entertains several possible explanations for “ the paradox of the happy peasant , ” a phrase of her own invention .
One is founded on genetics .
Research on twins suggests that some people are hard - wired to be glad and others to be dejected .
Perhaps the poor , she proposes , have happy DNA .
Or , conversely , perhaps people who are , by nature , malcontents tend to strive more .
As a consequence , they make more money , and so the naturally happy end up being disproportionately penniless .
A third ( and probably more plausible ) alternative is that it ’s a matter of conditioning ; just as people adjust to winning a million dollars , so , too , they adjust to living on a dollar a day .
“ There is evidence of a great deal of upward and downward adaptation , ” Graham observes .
Like Bok , Graham argues that policymakers ought to take happiness studies more seriously .
Indeed , the whole premise of her book is that the research has practical applications .
But she ’s reluctant to suggest what those applications might be .
Should the very poor be left to enjoy their relative contentment ?
Graham clearly appreciates the awkwardness of this argument ; she quotes the Nobel Prize - winning economist Amartya Sen , who has observed , “ The grumbling rich man may well be less happy than the contented peasant , but he does have a higher standard of living . ”
At the same time , she notes , there does n’t seem much to be gained from trying to convince the “ happy peasant ” that , really , he ought to be miserable .
The implications “ for policy are very unclear , ” she writes , which may be a roundabout way of saying that the implications of her work make her unhappy .
In the best - selling book “ Stumbling on Happiness ” ( 2006 ) , Daniel Gilbert , a psychology professor at Harvard , offers a catalogue of the ways that people misjudge their own satisfactions .
They tend to think that they ’ll be happier with more variety , when , in fact , they get more pleasure from being offered the same thing over and over again .
They are willing to pay a premium to preserve their options , but they ’re more contented when they commit themselves to a particular choice .
They anticipate being overjoyed by events that , when they actually occur , leave them unmoved .
A study illustrating this last point was conducted in the aftermath of the November 7 , 2000 , election .
On November 8th , researchers asked voters from both parties to predict how happy ( or unhappy ) they would be when either Al Gore or George W. Bush was declared the winner .
On December 13th , Gore conceded to Bush , and the day after that the researchers asked the voters how they felt .
The Bush voters were only about a third as happy as they had expected to be .
Conversely , the Gore voters were only about a fourth as disappointed .
Finally , on April 1 , 2001 , the researchers asked the voters to recall how they had felt back in December .
Interestingly , both sets of voters remembered themselves as having been just as happy — or sad — as they had initially predicted they would be in November .
( The actual experience of winning — or losing — apparently made less of an impression on them than the anticipated one . )
If happiness research simply confirmed what people already believed , there would be no need , and really no reason , to argue for its relevance .
It ’s the counterintuitive cast of the results that makes the work provocative and “ the politics of happiness ” worth thinking about .
As the studies make clear , the same sorts of mistakes that individuals are prone to are widely replicated on a national level .
People place their hopes on higher incomes , countries on higher G.D.P. , and both end up disappointed .
( Indeed , according to Graham , rapid economic expansion is just as likely to reduce happiness as the reverse , a situation that she refers to as “ the paradox of unhappy growth . ” )
The idea that happiness research should at least be considered by policymakers is , increasingly , a mainstream position .
Two years ago , the President of France , Nicolas Sarkozy , appointed a commission to look into ways to improve the measurement of government performance .
When the commission , headed by Amartya Sen and another Nobel Prize - winning economist , Joseph Stiglitz , issued its final report , last fall , it was critical of the current reliance on G.D.P. , which , it argued , is a poor proxy for social progress : “ For example , traffic jams may increase G.D.P. as a result of the increased use of gasoline , but obviously not the quality of life . ”
The group recommended that a wide variety of new statistical tools be developed , including ones that measure income distribution , natural - resource depletion , and happiness .
“ Statistical offices should incorporate questions to capture people ’s life evaluations , hedonic experiences and priorities , ” the report concludes .
“ Research has shown that it is possible to collect meaningful and reliable data on subjective as well as objective well - being . ”
Strict happiness advocates take things quite a bit further .
Bok , for his part , argues that lawmakers should act on the findings of happiness research , even when doing so goes against the wishes of their constituents .
“ Most voters would probably prefer to be happy rather than have their representative mechanically accept their mistaken impressions of how to reach this goal , ” he writes .
But even if it were possible — and the political challenges are far from trivial — the limits of such a rigorously “ hedonomical ” approach seem pretty obvious .
As a long line of moral philosophers have noted , there ’s more to life than subjective well - being .
( “ It is better to be a human being dissatisfied than a pig satisfied ; better to be Socrates dissatisfied than a fool satisfied ” is John Stuart Mill ’s famous formulation . )
And happiness , at least as it ’s defined by happiness studies , offers little guidance on many of the choices that matter most .
Consider again the finding that a half century of escalating consumption has not brought Americans increased satisfaction .
This is a disturbing fact , and certainly one that seems pertinent to discussions of economic policy .
But let ’s imagine , for a moment , that we had enjoyed ourselves for the past fifty years .
Surely , trashing the planet is just as wrong if people take pleasure in the process as it is if they do n’t .
The same holds true for leaving future generations in hock and for exploiting the poor and for shrugging off inequality .
Happiness is a good thing ; it ’s just not the only thing . ♦
Global warming “ deniers ” : myth - conceptions abound
They ’ve been compared to “ flat earthers ” and even “ Holocaust deniers ” .
And , as the recent “ Climategate ” email scandal reveals , they have been blacklisted in certain professional circles .
Scientists who disagree with the current consensus on Anthropogenic Global Warming ( AGW ) are dismissed by some colleagues and politicians as ignorant and irrelevant .
Though there are certainly cranks out there who lend credence to this stereotype , not everyone who rejects the idea that global warming is a planetary crisis brought about by burning fossil fuels deserves to be vilified .
There are numerous myths surrounding those who are wrongly labeled “ deniers ” .
Most of them can be distilled into six basic accusations :
1. “ Deniers ” believe the climate has not warmed .
No one questions that there has been a slight , but unmistakable increase in global temperature since the end of the “ Little Ice Age ” in the early nineteenth century .
Global average surface temperature has risen approximately 0.9 °C since 1850 .
But not all scientists attribute this change to the human addition of CO2 and other greenhouse gases to the air .
Those who oppose the prevailing view on AGW point out that since temperatures began to increase well before CO2 levels were considered significant ( c. 1940 ) , a considerable part of this warming is due to natural variations in the climate .
Such variations in the past have brought about abrupt climate changes with large swings in temperature .
Numerous articles have appeared in scientific journals over the last several years documenting a warm bias in official temperature measurements .
This bias , which may account for up to half of the reported warming , is due largely to changes in land cover — especially the geographic expansion of cities which creates “ urban heat islands . ”
An ongoing survey of over 1000 climate reporting stations in the United States , shows that 69 % are poorly sited resulting in errors of 2 °C to 5 °C or more ( www.surfacestations.org).
Surface data has also been impaired from station dropout .
Over two - thirds of the world ’s stations were dropped from the climate network around 1990 .
Most of them were colder , high latitude and rural stations .
2. “ Deniers ” are not real scientists .
Some of the world ’s foremost atmospheric scientists , physicists , astronomers , and geologists disagree with the current consensus on anthropogenic global warming .
These include Richard Lindzen ( Massachusetts Institute of Technology ) , Roger Pielke Sr. ( University of Colorado ) , Roy Spencer and John Christy ( University of Alabama ) , Willie Soon ( Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics ) , Robert Carter ( James Cook University , Australia ) , Fred Singer ( University of Virginia ) , Will Happer ( Princeton University ) , and Nils - Axel Mörner ( Stockholm University ) .
In addition to these , there are hundreds of credentialed scientists at universities around the world who reject the hypothesis that CO2 induced warming dominates changes in earth ’s climate system .
Though science is not based on authority , the inclusion of such high profile scientists should raise red flags when advocates claim that the “ science is settled . ”
3. “ Deniers ” are a tiny minority of scientists .
“ Nay - sayers ” are overshadowed by a vast majority of learned scientific bodies that support the consensus .
But most scientific organizations , such as the American Meteorological Society , the American Physical Society , and the National Academies of Science , do not poll their members .
Decisions and position statements are made by a small group of officials at the top of the organization .
This has created sharp unrest within some professional societies .
The American Meteorological Society is a case in point .
A recent survey of AMS broadcast meteorologists revealed that 50 % of the respondents disagreed , and only 24 % agreed , with the statement that , “ Most of the warming since 1950 is very likely human - induced . ”
When asked if , “ Global climate models are reliable in their projections for a warming of the planet , ” only 19 % agreed , while 62 % disagreed ( Bulletin of the American Meteorological Society , Oct. 2009 ) .
As the number of those who oppose the consensus grows , it appears that the “ deniers ” are not a tiny minority as is often claimed .
4. “ Deniers ” are anti-environmental shills of Big Oil .
Only a small number of scientists who challenge the current consensus have direct ties to the fossil fuel industry .
Most are funded by university departments , governments , or private institutions .
Many receive no funding at all .
Unfortunately , no amount of evidence can unseat the deeply held belief among some , that opposition to the AGW hypothesis is part of a conspiracy funded by big oil .
The underlying fear is that any scientific research subsidized by big corporate money will be compromised .
But the blade cuts both ways .
Climate research among those who espouse the prevailing view is supported by billions of dollars from government grants and green industries that have a vested interest in global warming .
Why should research conducted or funded by environmental organizations and green energy be regarded as more reliable ?
Whether science is bought and sold by deep pockets , or made subservient to a political or philosophical ideology , the result is the same : Truth is compromised .
5. “ Deniers ” think CO2 is irrelevant .
The issue is not whether CO2 is irrelevant , but , rather , how relevant is it ?
The U.N. ’s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) maintains that CO2 induced warming dominates the climate system .
They project that increasing emissions will result in a 2 °C to 6 °C rise in global average temperature by the year 2100 .
This has been widely misunderstood by the public to mean that energy absorbed and reradiated by atmospheric CO2 is the direct cause of the warming .
In reality , the IPCC claims that CO2 , acting alone , will result in only a 1.2 °C rise in temperature .
The rest depends on whether the climate amplifies ( positive feedback ) or diminishes ( negative feedback ) CO2 forcing .
This is where the real dispute lies .
Climate “ sensitivity ” is based on numerous interactions that are poorly understood .
Scientists who disagree with the IPCC ’s conclusions are not contesting the fact that CO2 can cause atmospheric warming ( .3 °C according to more conservative estimates ) .
They disagree with the science behind the water vapor feedback mechanisms that are said to amplify this warming on a global scale .
The complex and chaotic processes underlying these mechanisms , especially as they relate to cloud formation and precipitation , exceed the limits of our knowledge .
As a result , climate feedback is not simply the product of numerical calculations ( “ straightforward physics ” ) as is often supposed , but depends extensively on large scale estimates ( parameterizations ) by computer modelers .
“ Deniers ” demand empirical proof and are quick to point out that the water vapor feedback hypothesis is poorly supported by hard evidence , and even contradicted by the absence of warming in both the oceans and the atmosphere over the last several years .
In fact , some scientists ( Lindzen , Spencer , etc. ) theorize that water vapor and cloud cover act like a thermostat ( negative feedback ) to maintain the earth ’s temperature in approximate equilibrium .
6. “ Deniers ” believe humans have no impact on climate .
Scientists who challenge the status quo point out that we live in regional and local climates with vast differences in temperature and precipitation — differences that far outweigh changing global averages .
Given these differences , the idea of “ average global temperature ” seems rather meaningless .
More importantly , the human impact on climate is far greater at regional and local scales than it is on a global scale .
These impacts include land use and land cover changes ( e.g. , deforestation , agriculture , urbanization ) and aerosol pollution ( e.g. , soot , sulfur , reactive nitrogen , dust ) .
Any one of these modifications can significantly alter temperature , evaporation , cloud cover , precipitation , and wind over a region — and perhaps beyond .
Though the global surface area of agricultural land alone is greater than the size of South America , the IPCC has largely ignored the influence of land cover and aerosols on regional climates .
Moreover , climate models have shown no skill in projecting regional climate changes decades in advance .
But a wave of new research is forcing scientists to reevaluate the impact of these factors .
Some have already concluded that the effect of CO2 has been overstated while regional changes in land use and aerosol pollution have been grossly underestimated .
One recent study of U.S. climate has concluded that land use changes alone may account for 50 % of the warming since 1950 ( Environmental Science and Technology , December , 2009 ) .
“ Deniers ” vs. the “ Consensus ”
Though “ deniers ” unanimously agree that CO2 is not the main driver of climate change , they represent a diversity of scientific viewpoints on issues of climate change , green energy , and the environment — perhaps a greater diversity than scientists who are in lock - step with the consensus .
The Climategate scandal has exposed a concerted effort on the part of some IPCC scientists to enforce this consensus by denying access to crucial data and marginalizing anyone who questions the scientific basis of their conclusions .
Stealthy tactics like this undermine scientific progress which depends on a robust exchange of information and ideas .
Skepticism is at the heart of the scientific method .
So it is ironic that those who have challenged the prevailing orthodoxy are regarded as outcasts .
Fortunately , science is not settled by popular vote or authority , but by empirical evidence .
History has not always vindicated the majority view or justified the assumed authority of “ official science . ”
Consequently , it may be the “ deniers ” , rather than their opponents , who have the last word on global warming .
Bill DiPuccio served as a weather forecaster and lab instructor for the U.S. Navy , and a Meteorological / Radiosonde Technician for the National Weather Service .
More recently , he was the head of the science department for Orthodox Christian Schools of Northeast Ohio .
Rooftop Rentals Soar With Generous Canadian Feed - in Tariff
January 13th , 2010 by Susan Kraemer
Since September , when the Ontario Power Authority began its generous payment for rooftop solar power , Toronto ’s commercial roof acreage has become the site of a new renewable energy gold rush by solar developers now able to earn a steady income farming solar power to local utilities for 20 years .
[ social_buttons ]
Just as farmers in Texas or Iowa can now earn royalties from wind developers to allow them to place wind turbines on their farm , now commercial building owners in Toronto can earn income from their roofs .
Solar developers are willing to rent a part of a building that previously had no value , that is now prime solar real estate .
How much is this new income for the building owner ?
It could be as much as $ 12,000 a year .
Ontario Power Authority will now pay between 53 cents and 71 cents per kilowatt - hour for solar electricity .
The utility guarantees a speedy , expedited connection to the grid so solar developers can be assured of a quick start to their earnings .
And they are not the only beneficiary .
The building owner and the solar developer both stand to gain .
Under the arrangement the utility pays the Feed - in Tariff amount monthly for 20 years .
Once built , the solar farms can be expected to generate a steady income for 20 years to the solar developer .
Once they sign the lease , the solar companies design , build , and perform the maintenance on the system at no cost to the building owner .
Both the solar developer and the building owner can earn money on the deal .
Either a percent of the monthly payments from the utility can go directly to the building owner , or the solar developer can simply pay rent , averaging about 30 cents per square foot .
For example , a 250 - kilowatt system that would take up 40,000 square feet on the roof would mean the building owner would earn about $ 1,000 a month in rent .
At the end of the 20 year contract with the utility , the solar developer transfers the system to the building owner who then can benefit from the electricity for what could potentially be at least another 20 years , at slightly less efficiency .
Alternatively , compensation might be a guarantee to supply solar - sourced electricity over two decades for less than what a building owner currently pays , as CarbonFree Technology of Toronto has done .
Of course the building has to undergo inspection to ensure that it can take the weight of such large solar arrays , because it may not have been engineered to handle that kind of load .
( at least to put onto buildings ) solar arrays .
Since September 1st , when the offer was announced , business has taken off .
GTE , Ozz Solar , Helios Energy , Rumble Energy and SunOne Energy Canada are among a growing list of solar rooftop space aggregators knocking on doors .
Image : A commercial building array on WECS Electric
Source : TheStar
Related stories :
Australians Will Be Able to Earn $ 10,000 a Year Supplying Grid from Rooftop Solar
Rooftop Solar Installations Growing Faster Than Utility - Scale Solar
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
It might be just soil to you , but to serious foodies it 's a part of what we eat
Those of us who have been seduced by the veg box will already be used to the muddy carrot , but are we really ready for the latest import from the insane world of US foodies : dirt tasting ?
Garden Organic , the national charity for organic growing , and organic seed company Seeds of Change held the first tasting of its kind in the UK this month to launch their organic apprenticeship scheme .
The idea stems from the concept of terroir in French winemaking , where it has long been believed that the soil structure and geography of the area in which grapes are grown has an effect on the wine produced .
In the UK , tasters were confronted with different types of mud , which were added to a glass of water .
They swirled this mix under their noses to inhale the essences of the terroir – and then bit into something grown in the same soil , cooked by Arthur Potts - Dawson , a vocal advocate of organic , seasonal , local and organic sourcing in restaurants .
It may sound strange but other cultures go much further in mud-scoffing ; in rural parts of Africa and India pregnant women eat a type of clay that helps combat morning sickness and may provide calcium for the developing foetus .
In fact , if you 've ever dosed yourself with kaolin and morphine mixture for an upset stomach , you have been consuming clay .
So , did the type of soil in which it was grown affect the taste of the food in the test ?
Bob Sherman , horticulturalist in charge of the scheme , reserves judgment .
" The soil certainly smelled very different , " he says .
" I 'm not sure how that translates into actual taste but it's a good way to highlight the importance of the soil " .
As ever , cost is a major consideration when sending people into space
Senior US officials say he will also reveal plans for the construction of a permanent lunar space station .
Mr Bush intends to reinvigorate the US space programme following setbacks , including the Columbia shuttle disaster , the officials report .
The manned mission to Mars - where Nasa successfully just landed a probe - is not expected for at least 10 years .
Correspondents say Mr Bush had been expected to propose a bold new space mission as part of his re-election campaign .
Lunar testing ground
The president 's father proposed men be sent to Mars when he was in office in 1989 but the project went nowhere due to cost .
" He invoked Columbus as they always do , " said Bob Park , of the American Physical Society .
Sources say the current president will encourage scientists to prepare for the mission in a decade 's time , allowing the costs to be spread over a number of years .
As the Moon is just three days away , while Mars is at least six months away , it is thought the former could become a testing ground for space equipment .
" We know more about the Moon and if you want to test technology that is going to keep people alive , it 's better to do it on the Moon , " Chris Welch , a lecturer in space technology , at Kingston University , UK , told the BBC .
" If anything goes wrong you can get back from the Moon in three or four days . "
As part of the Bush space initiative , there will reportedly be more exchanges of technology between the US space agency ( Nasa ) and the Pentagon .
Sustaining supplies
It is hoped the exploration could lead to new technologies and potential new energy supplies .
" I think it is a historic step to set out a plan that will take decades to achieve and will move people on a permanent basis off the surface of this planet - in the process of making this species a multi- planet species , " said John Logsdon , of the Space Policy Institute .
" It is certainly a watershed point in history . "
Experts say , however , that the costs and commitment required to get people to Mars , or even back to the Moon , should not be understated .
" The cost of a manned enclave on the Moon , I think , is going to make the space station look cheap .
That 's the only good thing about it , " Stanford University 's Douglas Osheroff told AP .
In any event , " I think we 're still 30 years from going to Mars and if there 's any reason to do that , I do n't know " , he added .
Wholly new rocket and capsule systems would have to be developed .
Although the Moon is relatively close at a distance of 385,000 kilometres , a mission to Mars would require astronauts to live off Earth for several years .
Humans versus robots
The recent flurry of spacecraft that went to the Red Planet took six months to get to their destination and they made good use of the closest alignment of Mars and Earth in 60,000 years .
Astronauts on Mars would have to have access to all the necessary air , food and water to sustain them on the surface for perhaps many months until the proper orbits allowed their safe return to Earth .
" I imagine they would take a rover with them , " said Welch .
" They would take several scientists - geologists , astrobiologists .
The advantage of human beings is that they are more flexible than robots .
" Robots can do a lot but having multiple trained human beings there would tell us so much more . "
Europe has a plan dubbed Aurora which envisages putting people on Mars by about 2030 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Former US President Bill Clinton has attended the unveiling of a statue of himself in Kosovo 's capital Pristina .
The 3.5 m ( 11 ft ) bronze statue was inaugurated at Bill Clinton Boulevard - to loud cheers of thousands of ethnic Albanians .
Many of them regard Mr Clinton as a hero for launching Nato's air bombing campaign to drive Yugoslavia 's troops out of the Serbian province in 1999 .
Kosovo unilaterally declared independence from Belgrade last year .
The move was supported by the US and many Western powers , but a number of countries - including China and Russia - still regard Kosovo as part of Serbia .
' Big statue '
Mr Clinton waved to the crowds as the red cover was pulled off from the statue on Sunday .
" I never expected that anywhere , someone would make such a big statue of me , " Mr Clinton was quoted as saying by the Associated Press news agency .
The statue portrays the former president with his left arm raised while holding documents bearing the date when Nato started its air campaign against Yugoslavia - 24 March 1999 .
At the time Yugoslav forces of the late President Slobodan Milosevic were attempting to suppress an ethnic Albanian insurgency in Kosovo .
The 78 - day bombing forced the Yugoslav army to leave , placing Kosovo under UN administration .
But Mr Clinton 's statue is unlikely to be revered by the Serbs who see Washington as the driving force behind a plan to tear away Serbia 's cherished southern province , the BBC's Mark Lowen in Belgrade says .
Winner of the 2010 Walkley Award for best scoop
THE Rudd government has shelved its emissions trading scheme for at least three years in a bid to defuse Tony Abbott 's " great big new tax " attack in this year 's election campaign .
The cabinet 's strategic priorities and budget committee has removed the scheme from the four - year forward estimates , a decision that saves $ 2.5 billion because household and industry compensation would have exceeded the revenue generated by the scheme in its early years .
The Herald understands the government has decided not to start the scheme before 2013 at the earliest , hoping that by then it will have gained support from the Coalition and international efforts to combat climate change will have become clearer .
After the Coalition leadership coup shattered the bipartisan deal on the carbon pollution reduction scheme in December , some environment groups hoped the government would include it as a trigger in a possible double dissolution election so that later it could be passed at a joint sitting of Parliament , or that the government would try to renegotiate the bills with the Coalition or the Greens if it won a second term in a normal half Senate poll .
While the United Kingdom is having its own unemployment problems , there is one easy way to get a job : be Polish .
The Telegraph reports of a meat packing plant which supplies a Walmart subsidiary refusing to employ individuals on its production line unless they speak Polish .
The company has since backed off from their stance , but it remains a sign of immigration problems within the UK .
This will come as a media set back for Prime Minister Gordon Brown , as he has pushed a policy as premier of " British jobs for British workers . "
The British National Party , which is anti-immigration , could receive a bump in the polls if more of these anti-English speaking working practices are discover prior to the May election .
FirstGiving increases the impact made by more than 5,000 nonprofits on Panorama ’s fundraising platform .
Mexican president calls Arizona law on immigrants ‘ racial discrimination ’
Vandals smeared a swastika made of refried beans into the glass doors of Arizona ’s State Capitol building , police in Phoenix told local media Monday .
“ While it first looked like mud on the doors , it turned out be refried beans , ” reported the AZFamily.com
Web site , which also asserted that the vandalism was “ sparked by the newly signed anti-illegal - immigration law . ”
The site reports :
ADVERTISEMENT
Capitol police arrived on the scene at about 6 a.m. , after a swastika was found smeared on the glass doors of the House and Senate buildings .
On the sidewalk , beans were used to write “ AZ=Nazi , ” again with a swastika .
It ’s not clear when exactly the vandalism happened , but police believe it was some time overnight .
“ That is what happens when there is so much fear and there is so much disappointment , ” Gustavo Ramirez , a protester from California , told AZFamily.com .
“ The laws that have been passed , they are Nazi laws .
They are not considering humanity .
They are a crime against humanity . ”
Meanwhile , Mexican President Felipe Calderon described Arizona ’s recently - passed law on immigrants as “ racial discrimination . ”
Calderon said his government would seek to challenge the law , which allows police to question and detain anyone in the U.S. border state they believe may be an illegal entrant .
Calderon said Mexico would “ use all means at its disposal ” to defend its nationals against what he called a “ violation of human rights ” and “ unacceptable racial discrimination . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
He said he had instructed his foreign ministry and Mexico ’s consulates in the United States to work with legal experts “ to defend the rights of Mexicans ” in the face of the new law .
Thousands of people marched peacefully in Phoenix on Sunday to express their opposition to the controversial law .
Television images showed the protesters converging on the State Capitol , where they held a rally to denounce the legislation .
ADVERTISEMENT
The law , signed by ArizonaÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s Republican Governor Jan Brewer on Friday , allows police to question and detain anyone in the southwestern border state they believe may be an illegal immigrant , even if they are not suspected of committing another crime .
It would also require anyone in the state suspected of being an illegal immigrant to show a document proving their legal status , like a “ green card ” permanent residency document or a passport .
ADVERTISEMENT
Opponents of the law say that if police demand papers from someone they suspect of being an illegal immigrant , and they turn out to be a US citizen , their constitutional rights will have been infringed .
US Democratic Congressman Luis Gutierrez urged the demonstrators to keep up pressure on politicians , reminding them that the controversial law would not take effect for 90 days .
“ In these 90 days , we will demonstrate our solidarity , ” he said , addressing the protesters in Spanish .
“ That Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢s why we are here . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Demonstrator Jose Acosta told CNN television he was concerned about the new law .
“ What is reasonable suspicion ?
Are we going to get pulled over just because of a broken taillight , or because of the color of our skin ? ” he asked .
Civil rights leader Al Sharpton said it was peopleÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s moral obligation to stand against this profiling in Arizona .
“ Make no mistake about it .
This is not a fight between minorities , ” he said .
“ This is a fight for justice and fairness for everyone . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
— With AFP
I ’ve had my eye on Savage Suzerain for a while now , and bought it as part of the GM ’s Day Sale at RPGNow .
( Admittedly , only because I bought Dogs of Hades and then realised I needed Savage Suzerain to use it ; be aware of that if you ’re doing likewise .
However , since Suzerain was on my wish list anyway , I ’m not upset about it . )
In a nutshell : Savage Suzerain expands and extends Savage Worlds so that your characters can progress beyond Legendary status to demigodhood .
As an example , picture your fighter PC growing into Michael Moorcock ’s Eternal Champion and you ’re about there .
Your PC ’s time up to Heroic rank is only the prelude ; Savage Suzerain takes you beyond , into the realms of saga and myth .
Format : Two 196 page PDF files in my case , one with full - on artwork and page backgrounds , and one print - friendly version .
I applaud the print - friendly version , as ever , but a minor niggle is that this has been done by chopping out the pictures , so there is a lot of blank space in it .
Still , paper is cheaper than coloured ink .
Disclaimer :
This review is based on reading through the product ; given its scope , it will be some time ( if ever ) before I have played it thoroughly .
Still with me ?
Good .
Off we go .
Beware , there are some spoilers below .
The book is split into a Player Section ( about 50 pages ) and a GM Section ( the rest ) .
The Player Section gives a capsule summary of the Suzerain multiverse , and an extended discussion of the way Savage Worlds rules change to better describe it .
The central conceit of the game is that the PCs are demigods in training , who have that touch of greatness which attracts the attention of the gods .
This does n’t make much difference while the PCs are at Novice , Seasoned or Veteran rank , during which the gods give them missions and support covertly ; but once they reach Heroic rank , they have proved themselves , and the source of both assignments and benefits becomes overt .
By default , the PCs are working for a coalition of gods , so they are not constrained to work which suits only one .
The main changes between vanilla SW and Suzerain are :
A new rank , Demigod , which cuts in above Legendary at 120 experience .
( Suzerain suggests that at 180 experience , the GM considers raising the PCs to full godhood , and retiring them from play , with the players starting new characters . )
Dozens of new edges and hindrances which reflect the PCs ’ destiny as gods .
I probably wo n’t use these , since I think they start to chip away at the SW philosophy of “ Fast – Furious – Fun ” by increasing character complexity .
Races redefined as being a background edge .
I did n’t like this idea much to start with , but I am warming to it .
Expanded uses for Bennies ( renamed Karma ) , including the ability to take a little narrative control from the GM ( a common house rule ) , change reality to adjust the current situation , and cheat death – however , some of these uses expend Karma permanently .
Everybody has Power Points – renamed Pulse – and everyone can use them to do certain things , for example power the use of one of the new edges ; however , one of four background edges are required to use them for Powers .
These background edges replace the normal SW Arcane Background , which along with its associated edges is banished from the Suzerain campaign .
The thing which really caught my eye was the Telesma – think of the Lens from E E ‘ Doc’ Smith ’s Lensman stories .
Each demigod - in - training acquires one of these small gems somehow , and it guides and supports him unobtrusively through his career – up until Heroic rank , when the veil is pulled aside to reveal what is really going on .
When several heroes gather , their Telesmae network and begin to create a team base .
I particularly like the way this is meant to build up as a series of increasingly unlikely coincidences – I can see myself having huge fun with that .
It ’s also easy to introduce into an existing campaign , and I think I shall .
The GM Section then lifts the hood on the spirit world , which is the matrix in which individual universes float like bubbles .
How to get there ; what you might encounter when you do ; where the edge of the multiverse is , and what lies beyond .
In this I sensed similarities to Roger Zelazny ’s Amber books , with the Maelstrom beyond as being much like elemental Chaos , with pockets of relative sanity carved out by various pantheons of gods .
If you like D&D planar adventures , you ’ll be at home here .
Next , the book explores time travel and alternate realities .
Suzerain is intended as a framework within which the same characters can adventure through both time and space , and eventually , into parallel universes as well .
I ’ve run a couple of campaigns where this idea worked really well , and would underscore one of the pieces of advice from the author :
It ’s a great way to try out a new campaign setting – if the players do n’t like it , drive on to the next .
There are many options here , but one of the key aspects of the framework is that while unimportant events and people are easily changed , key nexus points are both resistant to change and guarded by other agents of the gods , who would rather the timeline stays as it is , within limits – changing a key nexus point is not to be undertaken lightly , and is the sort of thing which forms the central story arc for a campaign .
After a brief discourse on what the gods want , and why they use the PCs to achieve it , Savage Suzerain explores different types of campaign .
Single vs multiple settings ; single vs multiple GMs ; creating scenarios to challenge PCs with godlike abilities .
For the multiple - setting approach , Savage Mojo is releasing individual setting books such as Dogs of Hades and Noir Knights .
Finally , as is now traditional in Savage Worlds settings , there is a plot point campaign set in a more - or - less traditional fantasy world .
For those unfamiliar with the concept , this is a ready - to - use campaign , with an overall story arc , a number of key adventures which occur in a specific sequence to advance that arc , and a collection of scenarios ( “ Savage Tales ” ) which can slot into the storyline at more or less any point .
Unusually , this one starts at Seasoned rank rather than Novice .
This book has a long campaign , with six key adventures and a couple of dozen Savage Tales .
What will I do with this now I have it ?
I ’m not sure .
I can see myself mining it for ideas – Telesmae , the overall metaplot , some of the scenarios .
I would probably not introduce many of the rules changes , because I think they shift SW from being a fast , simple system towards something more complex than I have time or inclination to run .
I ’m also not sure that I have the mental stamina to run a Suzerain campaign from Novice to godhood , because I expect something else bright and shiny will have caught my attention before I can finish it – at an average of two experience per session , it ’d take a couple of years if I ran one session per week , and at the current rate of 2 - 3 sessions per year I could well die before the story was complete .
On the other hand , it would be easy to flip from one genre to the other , and incorporate all those bright shiny settings into one overarching metaplot ; and if I ignore the extra edges and rules changes , I can slip it in as an extra layer of my existing campaigns , and eventually use it as a reason for the PCs in those games to meet and work together .
I ’ve got time to mull it over ; the most experienced PC in my SW games is only Veteran .
Next up for review : Dogs of Hades .
Good times , good times .
Sony received a ton of deserved flak after it announced it would remove the PlayStation 3 ’s “ Install other OS ” feature , despite advertising the machine with said feature , and despite promising only a few weeks earlier not to remove the feature .
i Phone and PS3 hacker George “ Geohot ” Hotz promised to restore the feature – and less than a week later , he delivers .
Hotz announced his quick success on his blog .
“ It ’s not any sort of version string change ; I would have added something showing off the new features of 3.21 , but oh wait , there are n’t any , ” he writes , “ This can be installed without having to open up your PS3 , just by restoring a custom generated PUP file , but only from 3.15 or previous . ”
Hotz believes – but he ’s not sure yet until he can try it out – that this firmware update will even enable the “ Install other OS ” feature on PlayStation 3 Slim models .
This is pretty cool , since that model never had the feature in the first place .
What goes around comes around , Sony .
You remove advertised features – hackers will find a way to get it back .
“ Note to the people who removed OtherOS , you are potentially turning 100000 + legit users into ‘ hackers ’ , ” he added , “ There was a huge ( 20 x ) traffic spike to this blog after the announcement of 3.21 .
If I had ads on this site I guess I ’d be thanking you . ”
The image below shows a couple of pages from the 2024 book My Clone , My Own : An Introductory Guide for IdentiPure Individuals
What do you think our world will look like in 10 , 20 or 100 years ?
We need your help creating a new artifact from the future for every issue of Wired magazine .
Each month , we ’ll propose a scenario and ask for your prognostications .
Check out the latest challenge , then sketch out your vision and upload your ideas .
See other submissions and vote for your favorites .
This month ’s kudos go to Margaret Noble ’s 12th - grade class at High Tech High Media Arts in San Diego .
Noble assigned her class to create interactive artworks around the theme of children ’s books of the future , and the results are amazing — see the video below .
Additional thanks to Jgombarcik , Taher Jafferjee , and Todd J. Elliott .
The writer was Mat Honan , the illustrations are by Christoph Niemann and Daniel Salo was the photographer .
Who ’s there to protect you from making bad coffee decisions ?
A little back story :
This comic started with a barista far away feeling a million voiced crying out and then suddenly silenced .
That joke seemed too odd , so I had a guy standing in the “ background ” talking with the guy in the “ foreground ” .
Once I realized it looked more like a floating little guy than someone behind him , it seemed like an obvious way to go .
The rest wrote itself .
By the way , stay on the lookout !
A new shirt ( about coffee ) is on the way !
Coffee drinkers , you ’re gonna love it !
Others might too .
Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. told law students
Tuesday that he found it “ very troubling ” to be surrounded by loudly cheering critics at President Obama ’s State of the Union address , saying it was reason enough for the justices not to attend the annual speech to Congress .
“ To the extent the State of the Union has degenerated into a political pep rally , I ’m not sure why we are there , ” Roberts said at the University of Alabama School of Law .
Obama ’s speech in January came a week after the high court ruled 5 to 4 that corporations had a free - speech right to spend unlimited sums to elect or defeat candidates for office .
The president , looking down at the six justices in attendance , sharply criticized the Supreme Court for having “ opened the floodgates for special interests ” to sway elections .
Senate Democrats rose to their feet , applauding and cheering the president ’s comments .
When asked about this Tuesday , Roberts said the criticism itself did not bother him .
“ Anybody can criticize the Supreme Court . . . .
I have no problem with that , ” he said .
He objected to criticism in such a public setting , where the justices had no choice but to sit silently .
“ The image of having the members of one branch of government standing up , literally surrounding the Supreme Court , cheering and hollering while the court -- according to the requirements of protocol -- has to sit there expressionless , I think is very troubling , ” he said .
“ It does cause me to think . . . why are we there ? ”
Three justices -- John Paul Stevens , Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas -- did not attend this year ’s State of the Union .
Both Scalia and Thomas have said they believe the speech has become a partisan pep rally that the justices should avoid .
When Obama voiced his criticism , Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. shook his head slightly and appeared to say , “ Not true . ”
Responding to Roberts ’ comments Tuesday night , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said in a statement , “ What is troubling is that this decision opened the floodgates for corporations and special interests to pour money into elections , drowning out the voices of average Americans . ”
Roberts also took issue with the Senate ’s confirmation process for judges and justices , saying it is contentious and unproductive .
“ I think the process is broken down , ” he said .
“ The only people who can change it are the senators .
I hope they do . ”
david.
savage
@latimes.com
US software firm Retina - X Studios has released a more vigilant version of its Mobile Spy program that captures every email and picture from BlackBerry smartphones , prompting Australian privacy advocates to call for order .
" We invite you to open your eyes to the real actions of what your child or employee does on your BlackBerry device , " Retina - X chief executive James Johns said in a release .
A spy software makers wants to make sure employers and parents are not in the dark when it comes to phone secrets .
" What if they are being dishonest or worse ?
The advantages of knowing the answers are far better than not knowing at all . "
The previous version of Mobile Spy software kept track of text messaging and telephone calls , providing online access to data by employers , parents or whoever else is paying for smartphone accounts .
READER COMMENTS ON
" VIDEO : Protesters in L.A. Hold Rove to Account for War Crimes , Outing Covert CIA Operative "
( 21 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 3/30/2010 @ 3:58 pm PT ...
Get that Pimple on the mother fricking DEMOCRAACY '
S ass , OUT OF HERE FINALY , PLEASE !.
PLEASE .
He 's the worsrt kind of media IDIOT THERE EVER IS .
Hey there , KKKarl hows it feel to be the wrong side of history ?
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... TomR said on 3/30/2010 @ 4:31 pm PT ...
Bush FEC Commissioner , still at the FEC , lied on 2004 Ohio affidavit : http://rawstory.com/rs/2...onceal-vote-suppression/
Rotten ! - Tom
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... CharlieL said on 3/30/2010 @ 4:50 pm PT ...
I personally wo n't be happy until Karl Rove is in a " maximum security pound in the ass " prison .
But for his to spout about " dialogue " is just so much BS , when his team was throwing people out of Bush 's speeches for nothing more than wearing T - shirts that questioned his boss .
What a scum - sucking piece of crap .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 3/30/2010 @ 5:15 pm PT ...
What a pussy Rove is .
Sheesh
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Offlogic said on 3/30/2010 @ 6:42 pm PT ...
Rove has a one - way ticket to The Hague waiting for him .
" Totalitarianism of the Left " , gimme a break !
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... cult of skaro 23 said on 3/30/2010 @ 7:18 pm PT ...
can you imagine what would have happened if non-pacifist women had tried to do this ?
Using something other than just hand cuffs ?
He 'd crap his pants and curl up into a fetal position
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 3/30/2010 @ 10:54 pm PT ...
Rove sends thousands to their death and can't even stay around for a book signing .
Pathetic !
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 3/30/2010 @ 11:42 pm PT ...
The Tea Party " just vote them out " bus tour came through Salt Lake today and I went down there to see how many showed up .
I put up a post of my experiences there with a picture .
Not a very big crowd for reddest state , huh ?
They have repainted the buses with the new theme .
If I had donated to this " grass roots " movement , I would n't be too happy .
The stage show was horrible , but the people I talked to in the audience were likable and just as confused as the rest of us .
I would say this fake movement is going to fade .
lets just hope that with ACORN gone , we can stop them from convincing Americans the teabaggers on this bus turned an election .
We know better !
" just vote them out . "
Yeah , right .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 3/31/2010 @ 3:07 am PT ...
Some things seem to never change .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 3/31/2010 @ 3:58 am PT ...
@ #2 Tom ,
She has been mentioned before .
here
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 3/31/2010 @ 4:00 am PT ...
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... FayWray said on 3/31/2010 @ 5:51 am PT ...
Bets that Rove will demand security at future book signings to protect himself against ladies dressed in pink .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 3/31/2010 @ 6:04 am PT ...
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 3/31/2010 @ 8:23 am PT ...
Larry Bergan @comment # 8
That my friend is a great even handed , truthful link you provided .
I enjoyed it and it shed light on what tea partiers actually are .... just confused and angry folks being manipulated by cynical plutocrats to protest against their own best interests ... just like the GOP has co-opted many middle class folks to vote against their own best interests for decades now .
great link ...
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 3/31/2010 @ 10:06 am PT ...
Porky is beyond the pale .
Too bad that at the prison in The Hague he wo n't have to suffer the fate he'd surely face if imprisoned in the U $
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... SreeBee said on 3/31/2010 @ 11:24 am PT ...
Cheers to Code Pink !!!!!
You know , in the UK , they at least put Tony Blair on the witness stand to account for taking the country to war under false pretences .
But Karl Rove does Book Signings and hosts a show on Fox ( where another treasonous liar who caused a lot of unnecessary blood - shed has a program ) shees !!!!
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 3/31/2010 @ 11:44 am PT ...
Yes , I gotta hand it to the CODEPINK ladies .
No shrinking violets .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 3/31/2010 @ 5:53 pm PT ...
Lets try this again ... sumpin weid 's going on with my computer ... cuz I posted this this morning ...
http://www.truthout.org/...-detainee-zubdaydah58151
WOW !
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 3/31/2010 @ 9:10 pm PT ...
BlueHawk :
Thanks a bunch for the compliment !
Here is a video somebody posted of the absolutely awful entertainment they 're carrying around on those buses and the lackluster reaction from the people of Utah .
The Tea Party event was just barely covered in the news here .
They were handing out this card to the attendees .
Maybe there 's hope that the different factions in our society can band together and leave this nonsense in the trash , where it belongs .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Jason said on 4/1/2010 @ 3:13 pm PT ...
Send him to prison and put him in a cell with Jeff Gannon ... oh , wait , he 'd LIKE that .
It 's going to be nice to make the pilgrimage to take a mean steamy one on Turdblossom 's grave ; he looks like a heart attack waiting to happen .
Hopefully , he 'll just recieve a stroke .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Robert Lombardi said on 4/9/2010 @ 8:35 am PT ...
ON APRIL 15th the arcane and neglected art of reading China 's political tea leaves suddenly surged back into fashion .
The Communist Party 's turgid broadsheet , the People 's Daily , published an article on the top of its second page by the prime minister , Wen Jiabao .
Its glowing praise for Hu Yaobang , a politically incorrect former party chief whose death triggered the Tiananmen Square protests 21 years ago , struck a remarkably liberal note .
Hu 's death on April 15th 1989 prompted thousands of students to take to the streets in mourning .
They bore aloft pictures of the late leader , who though still a member of the ruling Politburo when he died had been forced to resign as the party 's general secretary two years earlier for being too soft on dissent .
Because
Hu had not been fully purged , the party had no choice but to hold an elaborate funeral for him .
This provided cover for the students , who soon switched their attention to demands for democratic reform .
Since the bloody suppression of the protests ,
Hu has been referred to sparingly by Chinese officials ; and the liberalism with which he was associated has also been permitted only sparingly .
Of late , it has been notably absent , as the party cracks down on human - rights activists , tightens controls on the internet and frets about unrest in Tibet and Xinjiang .
Yet China 's leaders are preparing for a change of guard in 2012 - 13 .
Mr Wen will be stepping down .
Could it be that , having established China as a global economic power , he and his colleagues are at last thinking of trying to make it politically more respectable ?
Hu 's reputation has sometimes been used in arguments about the direction of the country .
In an exception to the general rule that he has been neglected by his successors , a symposium was held in the Great Hall of the People in Beijing in November 2005 to mark the 90th anniversary of his birth .
It was widely interpreted as an attempt by President Hu Jintao to boost his own public standing by allowing open tributes to his still - popular namesake .
A speech by China 's then vice - president , Zeng Qinghong , lavished praise on Hu Yaobang 's career as one of the Communist state 's revolutionary founders , tactfully avoiding mention of his dethronement .
But by and large the leadership has ignored Hu Yaobang 's death .
Last year 's 20th anniversary of the Tiananmen movement made officials especially nervous of anything that might revive memories of that period .
Even though the milestone passed with little more than token attempts inside China to observe it , the authorities have yet to ease their grip .
Last December a prominent dissident , Liu Xiaobo , was jailed for 11 years for “ inciting subversion ” .
This made the appearance of Mr Wen 's more than 3,000 - character essay especially striking .
Unlike Mr Zeng 's formal - sounding 2005 speech , Mr Wen 's article marked the first time since 1989 that a top leader has been willing to write of a personal connection with the former party chief .
It recalls a trip he made with Hu in 1986 to a rural area of the poor southern province of Guizhou .
“ Every time I think back on this , Comrade Yaobang 's sincere , magnanimous and amiable expression keeps appearing before my eyes .
Cherished feelings stored in my heart for all these years swell up like a tide , and it takes a long time for me to calm down , ” Mr Wen wrote .
A few other official newspapers also published reminiscences , this time apparently less restrained than in 2005 , when the party 's propaganda bureau responded furiously to a liberal magazine 's articles related to the anniversary .
Thousands of Chinese internet users have praised these latest pieces in online forums .
But hope that Hu's partial rehabilitation might lead to any reassessment of the Tiananmen Square protests will certainly be dashed .
Hu 's political views have been notable for their absence in the recent articles , suggesting that only his affable character is open for discussion .
This is a safe topic for Mr Wen , who prides himself on the same man - of - the - people quality that his article praised in Hu .
From anecdotal evidence , it appears Mr Wen enjoys some popularity for his caring image — it has been on display again with his visit to the epicentre of an earthquake on April 14th in Qinghai Province on the Tibetan plateau that killed more than 2,000 people .
Tea - leaf readers are divided over what , if any , further political message might have been intended .
Few believe Mr Wen would have published such an article without consulting his colleagues .
But there is a school of thought that Mr Wen , feeling that his own political career is drawing to an end ( he is due to step down in 2013 , if not before , as will President Hu ) , is trying to signal a yearning for political reforms which have not been pursued more vigorously .
President
Hu has kept silent on Hu Yaobang , but both he and Mr Wen owe earlier promotions to the late leader .
In his article , Mr Wen revealed that he had visited Hu Yaobang 's home every year since his death , a gesture that readers would interpret as showing considerable loyalty .
Bao Tong , who was a top aide to the late Zhao Ziyang , Mr Hu's equally liberal successor , believes there could be an ultra-subtle message in the party 's re-embrace of Hu.
Officials — he points out — like to encourage the idea that Zhao helped topple Hu ( though Mr Bao says he did not ) .
Far from being a sign of yearning for reform , support for Hu could indicate repudiation of Zhao , about whom reminiscences remain strongly discouraged .
Zhao was thoroughly purged after Tiananmen and died under house arrest five years ago .
Mr Wen 's article , however , does hint strongly at a huge problem in China 's political system .
It describes how Hu instructed Mr Wen to sneak out of an official guesthouse and visit a village under cover of darkness , to find out what peasants were really thinking .
“ Remember , do not inform the local government ” , Hu was quoted as saying .
A quarter of a century later , Chinese leaders remain almost as prone to deception by their underlings .
Jeffrey Coolidge / Getty Images
, no painful rehabilitation and certainly not " no treatment at all . "
When we go to the doctor 's office , what we want to hear is , " There 's a pill for that . "
Over the past year , a series of medical breakthroughs have brought five such magic - bullet pills one step closer to reality , aimed at diseases such as osteoporosis and type 2 diabetes .
Once they 're developed , these pills wo n't be cure - alls : A pill that builds bone mass wo n't provide the heart and muscle benefits of exercise , for instance , and a calorie - burning pill is no replacement for a healthy diet .
But these pills could provide a novel remedy for certain conditions that remain difficult to treat .
Osteoporosis
Exercise can strengthen the skeletons of people with osteoporosis , but their frail bones make physical activity difficult and often dangerous .
While at Stanford University , biomedical engineer Chris Jacobs and his colleagues found that a particular enzyme called adenylyl cyclase 6 ( AC6 ) turns on a cell 's bone - building genes when the bone is loaded with weight .
A pill that mimics the activity of AC6 in the body , Jacobs says , " could make the skeleton feel like it 's being loaded at higher levels than it actually is . "
Taking that pill would allow osteoporosis sufferers to get the bone - building benefits of exercise without risking fractures or falls .
Type 2 Diabetes
A new drug studied by Abhay Satoskar , a microbiologist at Ohio State University , and his colleagues can control the symptoms of type 2 diabetes in mice when taken orally .
The drug is a lab - made molecule that blocks the activity of macrophage migration inhibitory factor ( MIF ) , a protein that 's involved in high blood - sugar levels and inflammation — two primary symptoms of type 2 diabetes .
When diabetic mice were given the drug , their blood sugar levels went down ; when they stopped taking it , their blood sugar went back up .
Satoskar hopes the drug will work to block MIF activity not only in mice , but in the millions of people with type 2 diabetes as well .
" This is not a cure , " Satoskar says , " but it 's something that will allow you to maintain normal blood glucose and control your symptoms . "
Jet Lag and Insomnia
Jet - lagged travelers and insomniacs , rejoice : Researchers have finally decoded the signal that our body clock uses to keep time .
For years , scientists thought that neurons in the brain 's suprachiasmatic nuclei , or SCN , regulated our body clocks by firing a lot during the day and less at night .
But University of Michigan mathematician Daniel Forger and his collaborators have found that only half the neurons in the SCN keep time , and they 've decoded the much more complicated pattern of firing these neurons use to do so .
" Understanding that signal is going to be very important for helping us figure out how to change it when it's not correct , " Forger says .
A pill that could reset our daily clock would n't only help people wrestling with jet lag or sleep disorders , he adds ; an out - of - sync body clock is suspected to play a role in medical problems ranging from cancer to Alzheimer 's to heart disease .
Weight Loss
When we think of fat , it 's usually as something that makes our waistbands tighter .
But medical research groups in Scandinavia , the Netherlands and the United States have discovered that a particular type of fat , known as brown fat , can actually help us slim down .
Brown fat burns calories , converting them to heat rather than storing them as flab .
A pill that can boost the activity of brown fat could help obese people , or others looking to shed pounds by burning more calories .
It would n't be a quick fix , but a pill that increased metabolism by 500 calories a day would speed weight loss by a pound a week .
Male Contraception
A team led by reproductive - health researcher Michelle Welsh at the Queen 's Medical Research Institute in Edinburgh , Scotland , has uncovered how a group of hormones called androgens — which include testosterone — control sperm production .
The researchers looked at sperm production in two groups of mice .
One group was missing the gene for androgen receptors ( which the hormones can bind to ) on certain testicular cells called peritubular myoid cells , while the other group had the gene .
Mice with no androgen receptor produced much less sperm than the other mice .
This new understanding of how hormones affect sperm production could eventually lead to a birth - control drug for men — the long - awaited male equivalent of the pill that revolutionized female contraception in the 1960s .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Sedins record the biggest assist of their careers .
Henrik Sedin is three assists shy of setting the Canucks all - time franchise record and nine helpers away from matching his own franchise mark for assists in a season .
Daniel Sedin has 10 assists in his last seven games and is six short of setting a new single season career record .
Alex Burrows and Mikael Samuelsson have both set personal bests for goals in a season , already , so they can attest to how giving the Sedins are .
BC Children ’s Hospital can now as well .
BC Children 's Hospital , an agency of the Provincial Health Services Authority that provides expert care for the province 's most seriously ill or injured children , has been caring for children in one capacity or another since the BC Women ’s Institute established a fund for crippled children in 1923 .
Running the province ’s only full - service acute care hospital , which treated more than 72,000 children last year , could n’t be done without the generosity of donors , a list that now includes the Sedins .
On Wednesday Daniel and Henrik , together with their wives Marinette and Johanna , made a gift of $ 1.5 million to help build a new BC Children ’s Hospital .
The twins , who have lived in Vancouver for 10 years , made their gift to support the hospital ’s Campaign for BC Children , and specifically to the Intensive Care Unit and Diagnostics and Imaging area in the new hospital .
“ Henrik and I , along with our families , feel very fortunate to live and work in this great city and province , ” said Daniel .
“ We are committed to giving back to the community we live in and wanted to do something that would benefit children and families across the province . ”
“ Every time Daniel and I visit BC Children ’s Hospital we meet kids and their parents who come from all over BC , ” added Henrik .
“ This is our way of saying thank you to British Columbians for all the support we ’ve received since we joined the Canucks . ”
The Sedins ’ latest assist helps BC Children ’s Hospital Foundation ’s $ 200 - million Campaign for BC Children , that passed the $ 100 - million mark in December .
As the current BC Children ’s Hospital was not designed with enough space to meet the needs of children with exceptionally complex conditions , the main priority of the Campaign for BC Children is the construction of a new hospital .
This will include a new Emergency Department , Diagnostics and Imaging , Pediatric Intensive Care Unit , Operating Suites and patient rooms .
Having such high profile figures demonstrate a commitment to improving childcare in BC will hopefully urge others to get involved .
“ We are delighted to receive support from Daniel and Henrik Sedin , ” said Don Lindsay , chair of the Campaign for BC Children and president and CEO of Teck Resources Ltd .
“ They ’ve supported BC Children ’s Hospital for many years , with annual visits and appearances in TV ads for the hospital .
British Columbians have tremendous respect for their hockey skills , and it ’s great to have this opportunity to recognize them for their many contributions to the community . ”
To date , BC Children 's Hospital Foundation , which launched the Campaign for BC Children in April 2008 , has received campaign donations from thousands of British Columbians in 223 BC communities .
For more information on the BC Children 's Hospital Foundation , visit www.bcchf.ca, or http://www.bcchf.ca/campaignforbcchildren/ to donate .
Home
Your Browser - Based Homebrew Logging Solution
Click here to see what the current release , BrewBlogger 2.3.2 , offers .
What is BrewBlogger 2.3.2 ?
BrewBlogger 2.3.2 is a easy to set up , easy to use , browser - based homebrew logging and calculation suite .
It is a PHP / MySQL - based system that provides today 's brewer not only a fast and easy way to record their brewing activities , recipes , and awards , but also forum to share their zymurgistic efforts and expertise with the homebrewing community around the world .
BrewBlogger 2.3.2 was developed by brewing and computer geek Geoff Humphrey for zkdigital.com - mainly at his own whim and evolving need .
Who should use BrewBlogger 2.3.2 ?
BrewBlogger 2.3.2 is designed to be used by beer homebrewers at any skill level — from the first time kit brewer to the all - grain über brewer .
What are BrewBlogger 2.3.2's features ?
Click here for a complete list of features .
What 's the catch ?
There is no catch .
BrewBlogger something I built because I wanted an easy way to record my beer brewing activities .
There was nothing web - based out there , so I made one myself .
That said , should you decide to use BrewBlogger , all I request is that you link back to this site .
Each page 's footer contains the BrewBlogger 88x31 pixel image .
However , if you decide to alter the footer , please link back to http://www.brewblogger.net.
What do I need to set up BrewBlogger 2.3.2
You will need to have a website server with at least PHP 5 and MySQL 4 installed - most web hosting companies do feature PHP and MySQL .
BrewBlogger 's included instructions will assume that these open source programs are already installed .
From there , installation is easy .
Simply add a few lines of configuration code , upload the BrewBlogger 2.3.2 files to your web server , and install the backend database .
Complete instructions are included with the download .
Do I need programming experience to use BrewBlogger 2.3.2 ?
No .
Entry is as simple as using any commercially available blog programs or Microsoft Word .
Through a great piece of open source software called TinyMCE , text entry is a snap .
What 's included with the BrewBlogger 2.3.2 download ?
IdeaWave is the first “ ideas conference ” to be held on Vancouver Island .
On July 10 and 11 , 2010 hundreds of critical thinkers , from inventors to philanthropists , will come together to share ideas and engage each other in dialogue about ideas and their place in the world .
IdeaWave is a forum where critical thinkers are able to mix and mingle in a highly engaged environment .
Each day consists of a series of 25 talks , each 10 minutes in length .
Talks are designed to be a snapshot of the idea and to open the door for discussion about the talk .
There is no limit on subject matter and topics will range from business ideas to cultural ideas to lifestyle ideas .
Mayor Dean Fortin will welcome delegates to the conference and give a few remarks on the importance of ideas .
Greetings from the mayor ( pdf )
Our Master of Ceremonies for the weekend will be popular Atomic Vaudeville actor and scientist Morgan Cranny .
Morgan has been performing with Impromaniacs since 2001 and is an experienced MC who will bring some humour to the weekend while keeping the talks on schedule .
It will be hosted at the Ambrosia Conference and Event Centre in beautiful Victoria , BC , on Vancouver island .
Speakers
[ HD ] = You can view the HD Video of the talk
[ HD ] Going Green : The Birth of a New Civilization : Guy Dauncey
[ HD ] The Suck That Is Productivity : Mike Vardy
Changing the World One Tool at a Time : Intrinsic Worth vs. Extrinsic Value : Frank Heidt
[ HD ] The Cost of Convenience : Janice Mansfield
Understanding the Problem : Dorian Taylor
[ HD ] Nowhere2 Nowhere Monorail : Helen Cook
[ HD ] The Key to Criminal Justice Reform : Ending Drug Prohibition : David Bratzer
[ HD ] Climate Change and Peacebuilding : Saul Arbess , Ph.D .
[ HD ] Tracking solar accumulator , solar design t- square , clam shaped solar cookers : Brian White
[ HD ] The Gene Weaver : Clem Persaud , Ph.D .
[ HD ] Ideas are like Crushes : Sasan Aghdasi
[ HD ] Right Brain Solutions for New Work Challenges : Dr. William A. Gray
[ HD ]
The future of the book : Corey Davis
[ HD ] Dynamic Balance and the Psychological Alpha Particle : Kurt Schmidt
[ HD ]
It ’s nursing for the future trans - humanists : Sarah Novotny
[ HD ] Poetry in Motion – The Transit Hero : Robyn Quinn , APR
[ HD ] Treatment for Lymphedema : Margaret Pulton
[ HD ] Taking Charge of Your Health : Maintaining Your Personal Health Record : Cheryl Upright
[ HD ] Not-fully - thought - out Ideas : The Problem and the Solution : Desmond Lindo
[ HD ] Set Theory and Human Relationships , the Importance of One : Janis La Couvée
[ HD ] Writing Poetry : A Way into your Secret Truth : Dvora Levin
[ HD ] What ’s Gone Well Today : New tools for engagement : Christopher Bowers
[ HD ] How Electric Vehicles Will Save the World : Blaine Juchau
[ HD ] Keeping Big Business Accountable to the Public Through Smart Investing : Stephen Whipp
[ HD ] Live your Life in Full Expression : Christine Yole
[ HD ] Rethinking Conflict and The Call to Evolve : Rachelle Lamb
[ HD ] Respect : Dan Bonab
[ HD ] Screw BP !
Make Your Own Fuel Instead : Kenji Fuse
[ HD ]
What good ’s an idea no one gets ?
& Beyond brainstorming : Marilynne Miles Gray
[ HD ] Open - source :
What is it and where is it going ? : Patrick Hayes
[ HD ] Fuzzy Logic for the Control of Advanced Mobility Support Devices : Robert Prinz
[ HD ] Fernwood Urban Village : Permaculture and Empowerment in an Aging Population : Kylie Sandham
Anaerobic Digestion – Beyond Composting : Eric Partridge
[ HD ] Human flocking behavior – Creating solutions without leaders : Galen Bullard
Taxing matters – Progress or Paralysis ? : Les Atchison
[ HD ] The Madeinvic.ca 100 Cameras Project : Liam McLachlan
[ HD ]
What is open data ? : Herb Lainchbury
[ HD ] Combat Apathy with Appreciative Inquiry : Melissa Pelto , MA
[ HD ] Imagine we , Victoria , build a chain of renewable energy products for the energy market : Graeme Bethell
The Star Raft – Building Circles of Support , Connection and Commitment : David Wetherow
[ HD ]
The last trip , preparing for your death : Sue Daniels - Ferrie
[ HD ] Community Forests in Zambia : Garry Brooks
[ HD ] Ideal Solar Storage Batteries invented in 1902 by Edison are Rediscovered : Ian Soutar
[ HD ] Economic Foundations and Environmental Progress : Matthew A. Barker
Importance of vision in creating ecologically sound and socially just communities : Karen Hurley , PhD
Process and Graphic Artistry for Social Transformation : David and Colleen Stevenson
Creative Clusters : Doug Taylor
[ HD ]
The car hybridizing project : Craig Carmichael
[ HD ] The Pirate Ship of Theseus : Will Whittaker
Schedule
Do note this schedule will change without notice .
It will be changing until the day before the conference , and due to the nature of having 25 talks per day , is likely to change during the day .
It is simply to be used as a guideline .
July 10th Description July 11th Description 08:10 Registrations 08:30 Late Registrations 09:00 Conference start – Introductions 09:00 Conference start – Corey Davis , Rachelle Lamb , Kurt Schmidt 09:30 Guy Dauncey , Melissa Pelto , Sasan Aghdasi 09:40 break 10:10 break 09:55 Brian White , Sue Daniels - Ferrie , Marilynne Miles Gray 10:25 Stephen Whipp , Kenji James Fuse , Marg Pulton 10:35 break 11:05 break 10:50 Sarah Novotny , David Wetherow , Frank Heidt 10:50 Graeme Bethell , Janice Mansfield , Blaine Juchau 11:30 break 11:20 break 11:45 Saul Arbess , David and Colleen Stevenson , David Bratzer 11:35 Garry Brooks , Dorian Taylor , Mike Vardy , Robert Prinz 12:25 lunch 12:20 lunch 13:25 Eric Partridge , Janis Lacouvee , Matthew A. Barker 13:20 Kylie Sandham , Desmond Lindo , Dan Bonab 14:05 break 14:00 break 14:20 William Gray , Herb Lainchbury , Karen Hurley 14:15 Dvora Levin , Les Atchison , Christopher Bowers 15:00 break 14:55 break 15:30 Clem Persaud , Cheryl Upright , Liam McLachlan 15:10 Galen Bullard , Helen Cook , Robyn Quinn 16:10 break 15:50 break 16:25 Christine Yole , Craig Carmichael , Doug Taylor 16:05 , Patrick Hayes , Ian Soutar 17:05 Wrap up 16:35 Day 1 ends 17:20 Day 2 ends
Join us on Facebook
Enter your email address to join our email list for updates about the conference :
ALTERCATIONS between unlicensed street vendors and law - enforcement officers are commonplace in China .
Sometimes they escalate into scuffles or riots .
But a night - time rampage by hundreds of citizens in the southern city of Kunming , capital of Yunnan province , on March 26th - 27th has aroused fresh concerns about a malaise in Chinese cities .
The violence in Kunming reportedly left dozens injured .
Ten government vehicles were overturned and some set on fire by crowds enraged by rumours that a vendor had been killed by an officer of Kunming 's “ City Administration and Law Enforcement Bureau ” .
This agency , commonly known by its Chinese abbreviation chengguan , is a junior cousin to the police force .
It is responsible for matters such as clearing the streets of illegal pedlars and supervising house demolitions .
Chengguan officers are renowned for their thuggish , fine - gouging ways .
The vendor , as it turned out , had not been killed .
But the rioters could be forgiven for assuming the worst .
In the past couple of years even some state - controlled newspapers have made common cause with critics of chengguan activities across the country .
In January 2008 a man in the central province of Hubei was beaten to death when he attempted to film officers trying to stop a protest by villagers against a dump for urban waste .
“ Another citizen has fallen .
When will we stand up and restrain the chengguan system ? ” wrote a newspaper columnist at the time .
The Chinese press has reported others having fallen to the chengguan since : a pedlar left severely brain - damaged after a mauling in Shanghai last July ; a man beaten to death in Beijing in October after being accused of illegally using his motorcycle as a taxi .
One case prompted a letter to China 's legislature .
A woman in the province of Sichuan died last November after setting herself on fire in protest when officers burst into her home to enforce a demolition order .
In response , a group of Beijing law professors wrote proposing tighter controls on demolition procedures .
Protests triggered by chengguan brutality have rattled the authorities , hypersensitive as they are to any urban unrest that might turn against the government .
Last May hundreds of university students protested in the eastern city of Nanjing against the alleged beating of a classmate .
The following month police rescued several chengguan who were captured by rioters in a town in the southern province of Guangdong .
In Kunming last October protesters put the corpse of a pedicab - driver , who had allegedly been killed by chengguan , on a gurney and wheeled it to a chengguan office where they burned paper as a traditional funeral offering ( the authorities said he had died naturally ) .
That same month a Shanghai man became famous when he chopped off part of a finger in protest at what he said was an attempt to frame him as an illegal taxi- driver .
The latest flare - up in Kunming has also attracted considerable press attention .
One newspaper website described the eruption as symptomatic of public resentment against local officialdom that could blow up like “ a bomb at any time ” .
Another newspaper attacked the Kunming authorities for releasing only bare details and not taking questions at a press briefing on the incident .
A third suggested the official version of events , that the vendor had simply fallen over , might be a “ lie ” ( a word even used in the headline ) .
It quoted witnesses saying an officer had pushed over her pedicab , pinning the woman under it .
A gas canister had then rolled on top of her , knocking her unconscious .
In recent weeks , a speech on social unrest by a prominent Chinese scholar , Yu Jianrong , has been widely circulated on the internet in China .
In it Mr Yu describes the emergence in recent years of a new type of social unrest , which he calls “ venting incidents ” : brief , unorganised outbursts of public rage against the authorities or the wealthy .
China 's efforts to enforce “ rigid stability ” , he argues , were not sustainable and could result in “ massive social catastrophe ” .
Even government officials , he notes , are giving warning in private of worse to come .
Wondering why Ben Roethlisberger has been suspended from football for rape allegations , but wo n't actually be tried ?
The Atlanta Journal - Constitution explains the law enforcement conflicts of interest that may have gotten him off the hook .
Christian Boone , Bill Torpy and Bill Rankin provide a detailed and disturbing account of how police — especially Sgt. Jerry Blash — investigated a Milledgeville , Georgia woman 's allegation that Roethlisberger raped her .
Of this allegation , Roethlisberger now says , " Though I have committed no crime , I regret that I have fallen short of the values instilled in me by my family . "
It 's not clear exactly what he means by this — but it does seem that he 'll escape criminal prosecuton .
The missteps below , which read like a primer on how not to handle a rape case , may explain why :
Sgt .
Blash reportedly intimidated the alleged victim and tried to discourage her from filing charges .
Advertisement
A friend of the victim says Blash told her , " You can file a statement but this man has a lot of money and good attorneys . "
When the victim asked " whether she should just forget she was raped and not file charges , " Blash reportedly " became defensive [...] accusing the alleged victim of trying to put words in his mouth . "
Says former DeKalb County ( Georgia ) District Attorney J. Tom Morgan , " With that kind of attitude , what victim would want to go through with a prosecution ? "
So while the victim 's unwillingness to press charges has been cited as a reason for dropping the case , police themselves may have influenced this unwillingness .
No one secured the crime scene .
Milledgeville police apparently do n't watch Law & Order : SVU .
Boone , Torpy , and Rankin write , " The crime scene was never sealed off , and 12 hours after the alleged assault occurred , the club 's janitor swabbed the bathroom with Clorox and Pine - Sol . "
No one formally questioned Roethlisberger .
Advertisement
Blash did talk to Roethlisberger at the club where the alleged rape occurred .
But Roethlisberger was on the phone through most of the conversation .
This does n't sound up like behavior of someone concerned about clearing his name — it sounds like the indifference of an entitled man assuming he 'll get off .
Which brings us to ...
The police were cozy with Roethlisberger from the beginning .
After the victim made her accusation , Blash immediately notified Roethlisberger and his " associates . "
One associate says Blash announced : " We have a problem , this drunken [ expletive ] , drunk off her ass , is accusing Ben of rape . "
Even leaving out the slurs against the alleged victim , the statement is pretty horrifying — why should Milledgeville law enforcement and Roethlisberger 's camp be a " we ? "
Maybe because Blash and " Ben " took a photo together earlier in the night ?
Advertisement
Of course , it 's not out of the ordinary for celebrities to need police protection .
But police are supposed to protect them from assault , not from the consequences of assaulting other people .
And a cop who becomes buddy - buddy with a celebrity like Roethlisberger should n't be the same person questioning his alleged rape victim — and filing the initial report .
While some details of the case remain murky — in part because of poor police work — one thing that 's clear is that being a male sports star is a big advantage when you 're accused of a crime .
And given Blash 's treatment of Roethlisberger , it would be no surprise if others of his stature felt they could assault women with impunity .
At this point , Roethlisberger wo n't be indicted — all we can do to prevent this happening again is to highlight the system of privilege that apparently makes certain celebrities above the law , and strive to dismantle it .
QB 's Case In Trouble From The Start [ Atlanta Journal - Constitution ]
Roethlisberger Was Bar -Hop Pied Piper [ Atlanta Journal - Constitution ]
Big Ben — ' I Have Committed No Crime ' [ TMZ ]
Advertisement
Earlier : Despite Rape Accusations , Nike Stands By Its Man
THIS Mardi Gras , Norrie received a gift that no other androgynous person in NSW has had before .
The night before the parade , the postman brought a certificate from the Registry of Births , Deaths and Marriages that contained neither the dreaded '' M '' nor its equally despised cousin , '' F ' ' .
Androgynous . . .
Norrie is the first person in NSW to be officially recognised as neither man nor woman by the state .
Credit : Wolter Peeters
Instead , it said '' sex not specified ' ' , making the 48 - year - old Sydneysider , who identifies as neuter and uses only a first name , the first in the state to be neither man nor woman in the eyes of the NSW government .
Because Norrie was born in Scotland ( and used the surname May - Welby ) , it was not a birth certificate but a Recognised Details Certificate - the version given to immigrants who have changed sex and want it recorded .
Which foods have the smallest ( and largest ) energy footprint , thereby having the most environmental impact ?
While most people probably realize that meat products have a larger energy and environmental impact , the degree of difference is n’t immediately clear .
How much difference does it make if you ’re a vegetarian , or if you ’re almost entirely carnivorous ?
The following list provides a rough estimate of the energy required to produce different kinds of foods , in order from least to most energy intensive .
David McKay ’s Without The Hot Air is a source for many of the numbers below :
This is a guest post by Praveen Ghanta , known on The Oil Drum as praveen .
Praveen is an IT consultant in Atlanta , with degrees in economics and computer science .
This was originally posted on Praveen 's blog , truecostblog.com .
Table 1 : List of Foods By Energy Required to Produce One Pound
Food Energy ( kWh ) to Produce 1 Lb Corn [ 1 ] 0.43 Milk [ 2 ] 0.75 Apples [ 3 ] 1.67 Eggs [ 4 ]
4 Chicken [ 5 ] 4.4 Cheese [ 2 ] 6.75 Pork [ 6 ] 12.6 Beef [ 7 ]
31.5
Table 2 : Energy Efficiency of Various Foods ( Measured as Food Calories / Energy Used in Production ) [ 8 ]
Food Calories / Lb Energy Efficiency Corn 390 102 % Milk 291 45 % Cheese 1824 31 % Eggs 650 19 % Apples 216 15 % Chicken 573 15 % Pork 480 8.5 % Beef 1176 4.3 %
The data above indicate the huge difference in energy required from one end of the food spectrum to the other .
Roughly twenty - five times more energy is required to produce one calorie of beef than to produce one calorie of corn for human consumption .
Dairy products are actually fairly energy efficient , as they are very dense in calories .
Vegans may indeed be able to boast that their diets use 90 % less energy than the average American ’s , and even those who eat only eggs and dairy can lay claim to significant energy efficiency .
At the same time , food production and consumption amounts to only about 10 % of first - world energy consumption , so even the most parsimonious eater can reduce their total energy footprint by around 9 % through diet alone .
The big culprits remain transportation , heating , and cooling , and while diet modification can help , energy conservation efforts should focus most heavily on these areas .
[ 1 ]
It ’s possible to estimate the energy involved in corn production very accurately , since corn energy intensity has been closely scrutinized by both proponents and critics of the corn ethanol industry .
This Berkeley study compares energy intensity estimates from two sources , one pro and one anti-ethanol .
Using an average of the two studies ’ data yields an estimate of 30,000 BTU energy consumed per gallon of ethanol produced .
From the same study , about 2.75 gallons of ethanol are produced per bushel of corn , which means that one bushel of corn required 82,500 BTU .
One bushel of corn is 56 pounds of corn kernels , so one pound of corn kernels requires 1473 BTU for production .
This is equivalent to 0.43 kWh .
[ 2 ]
For milk , the estimates provided in Without The Hot Air Chapter 13 are utilized , with this conversion used for fluid ounces of milk to weight .
The estimates for cheese are also taken from the above chapter , with the numbers simply proportionally adjusted from kg to pounds .
[ 3 ]
From Table 3 in this study in Nature , we see that the annual energy input for a hectare of apple trees is 500,000 MJ , or 56,230 kWh at 3.6 MJ per kWh and 2.47 acres per hectare .
According to this article , 800 bushels of apples per acre appears normal , which is 33600 lb of apples at 42 lb of apples per bushel .
This equals 1.67 kWh per pound of apples .
[ 4 ]
Here are the estimates for eggs , taken from Without The Hot Air page 77 .
Using a standard of eight eggs to a pound , convert from metric to English measures and arrive at the 4kWh estimate .
[ 5 ]
Chicken is examined in detail on Without The Hot Air page 79 , and I use that estimate , converted to kWh per pound .
[ 6 ]
For Pork , I use McKay ’s estimates from page 77 , and convert them for each animal .
McKay estimates that a 65 kg human burns 3kWh per day , or 0.0462 kWh / kg / day = 0.021 kWh / pound / day .
McKay uses a pig lifespan of 400 days , and thus notes that if you want to eat a pound of pork every day , 400 lb of pig must be alive at any given time ( one pound for each day , so that the rate of pig production matches the rate of consumption ) .
McKay further estimates that only two - thirds of an animal can be used for meat , so we actually need 600 lb of pig to generate one pound of meat per day .
600 lb * 1 day * 0.021 kWh / pound / day = 12.6 kWh for a pound of pork .
[ 7 ]
Beef is calculated exactly as for Pork above , except that a cow lives for 1000 days instead of 400 days .
1000 lb / 0.66 ( wastage factor ) * 1 day * 0.021 kWh / pound / day = 31.5 kWh for a pound of beef .
[ 8 ] Calorie data was taken from caloriecount.about.com , and kcal ( food calories ) were converted to kWh for energy efficiency calcs .
We simply convert the calories in one pound of each food into kWh , and then divide that number by the energy required for production of one pound of that food .
[ 9 ]
How can corn have an energy efficiency higher than 100 % ?
This means that the energy that human beings put into the process of growing , distributing , and eating corn is less than the energy provided to the human body by the corn .
The hidden factor here is sunlight – corn plants are drawing energy from the sun for free , and storing that energy , which humans later consume .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Gordon Brown has made a plea to voters not to risk change as he sought to salvage Labour 's election campaign in the final TV debate before polling day .
The Labour leader , whose party is third in many opinion polls , warned against a Tory and Lib Dem coalition which would put " at risk " economic recovery .
David Cameron said Mr Brown was trying to " scare " voters and the Tories could deliver the " change we need " .
Nick Clegg urged voters to " choose the future you really want " .
BBC Political Editor Nick Robinson said the debate had no clear winner , but after the events of the past 48 hours the momentum entering the final week of the campaign appeared to be with Mr Cameron .
BBC polling expert David Cowling said two instant reaction polls , for ComRes and YouGov , showed exactly the same movement - no change for Mr Clegg over the second debate , an increase of 5 % for Mr Cameron and a drop of 4 % for Mr Brown .
When you go to vote next week , choose the future you really want
Nick Clegg , Lib Dem leader
Analysis : Final PM 's TV debate PM debate : Your reaction Commentators ' verdicts
The leaders discussed subjects including economic policy , immigration , housing , political reform , education , tax , banking reform and spending cuts during the 90 - minute debate hosted by the BBC's David Dimbleby in Birmingham .
Mr Brown was under pressure to get Labour 's campaign back on track after he had to apologise on Wednesday to a pensioner he was unwittingly recorded calling " bigoted " after she raised concerns over immigration with him .
' Uncertainty '
In his opening statement , Mr Brown sought to draw a line under the row , saying : " There is a lot to this job and , as you saw yesterday , I do n't get all of it right . "
" But I do know how to run the economy , in good times and in bad . "
And at the end of the debate , he made his clearest admission yet that he could lose next Thursday 's election , saying : " I know that if things stay as they are , perhaps in eight days ' time David Cameron , perhaps supported by Nick Clegg , would be in office . "
EXPERT ANALYSIS
Nick Robinson : ' Sharper , clearer , more passionate ' Stephanie Flanders : ' Very different world views ' Robert Peston : ' No - score draw '
But he said that both of the opposition parties represented " too big a risk to the economy " .
He told the audience : " I do n't like having to do this , but I have got to tell you that things are too important to be left to risky policies under these two people .
They are not ready for government , because they have not thought through their policies . "
In his closing statement , Mr Cameron said : " If you vote Labour , you get more of the same .
If you vote Liberal Democrat , it is uncertainty . "
Only an outright
Tory victory could deliver " a clean break , taking our country in the right direction and bringing the change we need " .
But he also sought to reassure voters that although he would have to make spending cuts , he was concerned for the most vulnerable in society .
Mr Clegg once again sought to strike an optimistic note , urging voters in his closing statement not to be frightened of voting for " something really different " .
" This is your election , this is your country , " he said , adding : " When you go to vote next week , choose the future you really want . "
' Get real '
The row over Mr Brown 's gaffe was expected to overshadow the debate , but when asked a question about whether politicians were ignoring voters ' concerns about immigration , Nick Clegg and David Cameron both opted to avoid attacking Mr Brown directly over it .
They concentrated instead on a debate about the Lib Dem policy of earned citizenship , which both Mr Brown and Mr Cameron have branded an " amnesty " for illegal immigrants .
KEY MOMENTS
Key moments in text and video Full transcript ( pdf ) Download the reader here
This sparked one of the liveliest clashes of the night , with Mr Clegg telling his two rivals it was time to " get real " about immigration and attacking Mr Cameron for misleading people about Lib Dem policy , saying : " Every time you talk about our policy it is wrong . "
Mr Brown said both of their policies were wrong , saying Mr Cameron 's plan for an annual cap on immigration was dishonest as it did not include the EU .
Mr Cameron said the Conservatives were the only party that would get a proper grip on immigration .
The Tory leader frequently clashed with Mr Brown over economic policy , with Mr Brown constantly bringing up the Conservatives ' inheritance tax plans and child tax credits , claiming Mr Cameron was planning a " coalition of cuts " with Mr Clegg .
Mr Brown branded Conservative plans to axe child tax credits for better off families " unfair and immoral " but Mr Cameron said he had got his facts wrong , was trying to scare voters and " should be ashamed of what he is doing " .
' Wasted generation ' Nick Clegg said Britain's tax system was " grotesquely unfair " and vowed that the Lib Dems would fix it .
On welfare reform , Mr Brown said the Conservatives in the 1980s had left a " wasted generation " out of work .
Mr Cameron said he was was not sure what country Gordon Brown thought he was prime minister of , saying the Labour leader had caused " record youth unemployment " , as Mr Brown shook his head in disagreement .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The Lib Dems were the only party with a fully - costed plan to get people off benefits and back into work , said Mr Clegg .
The main theme of the debate was the economy and the leaders locked horns over the timing of cuts - with Mr Brown saying to the Tory leader " David , you have just got it wrong " on plans to slash £ 6 bn from public spending next year .
" Take money out of the economy now for ideological reasons and you put the recovery at risk , " he told the Tory leader .
Mr Cameron hit back by saying the government could save one out of every £ 100 , characterising Mr Brown 's plan as " let me go on wasting your money so I can put up your taxes next year " .
' Desperate '
The leaders also clashed on banking regulation , how to boost Britain 's manufacturing industry and the creation of more " green jobs " .
Mr Cameron went on the offensive over the euro , saying that up until a year ago Nick Clegg was advocating Britain 's entry into the single European currency , which the Tory leader said he would never do , telling the audience : " Let 's stay out of the euro , let 's keep our own currency . "
Mr Clegg said Mr Cameron was being " desperate " with this line of attack and said he would only advocate euro entry " if the economic conditions are right " and then only after a referendum .
The Liberal Democrats gained an average of 10 % in the polls after the first televised prime ministerial debate in British political history , two weeks ago .
The polls suggested there was no clear winner from the second debate last week , on foreign affairs .
Giving his reaction to the encounter , Scottish National Party leader Alex Salmond said : " I do n't think there was any clear winner .
Gordon Brown was certainly the loser - just in terms of his demeanour through the debate . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The SNP failed in its legal action to try to block the broadcast in Scotland unless it featured Mr Salmond .
Plaid Cymru leader Ieuan Wyn Jones said : " What I did n't hear tonight was any of them recognising the special problems that we have particularly here in Wales . "
UK Independence Party MEP Nigel Farage claimed Mr Clegg had " let the cat out of the bag " with an " admission that as members of the European Union , there is absolutely nothing we can do about uncontrolled numbers coming into this country from the rest of the European Union " .
Green Party deputy leader Adrian Ramsay said all three party leaders had failed to stress the importance of boosting British farming and industry .
Robin Tilbrook , chairman of the English Democrats , said : " All three British establishment parties ' motor - mouthed leaders showed increasing desperation about boosting their careers , but none of them were willing to even mention England or the English nation . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A year and half ago Steve recalled some encounters with NASA GISS .
One could imagine that after all that embarrassment the quality control in GISS temperature products was by now highly improved .
One could be also wrong .
In the March 2010 GISS temperature anomaly map Finland appears as a “ hot spot ” surrounded by cold temperatures :
GISS station values are even more spectacular , the warmest March on record is set in every Finnish station GISS is following .
For instance , according to GISS , the mean March temperature in Sodankylä ( 61402836000 ) was a remarkable + 1.5 °C beating the old record ( - 2.2 °C ) from 1920 by 3.7 °C !
Well , according to the Finnish Meteorological Institute , March 2010 was colder than usual all over Finland , especially in the northern part .
For instance , the mean temperature in Sodankylä was - 10.3 °C , which is almost three degrees below the base period 1971 - 2000 average ( - 7.5 °C ) .
So the GISS March value for Sodankylä is off by amazing 11.8 °C !
Some quality control , please !
h/t : Leone
University of Calgary students will pay more this fall to attend school after the board of governors approved the creation of a controversial non-academic fee -- a move that will add millions to the university 's revenues , but has disappointed students .
Starting in September , full - time undergraduate and graduate students will pay $ 450 in mandatory student services fees , but will be partially rebated for the first two years .
The new fee will add $ 4 million to the U of C's coffers for the 2010 - 11 academic year and about $ 12 million for 2012 - 13 when students will pay the full fee .
U of C provost Alan Harrison said it has been a difficult process to reach the decision to add the fee , but at a time when the university is approving a deficit budget , all parts of the institution have to help , including students .
" Our view is this is a shared responsibility among government , our employees , the university units and the students .
They 've all borne a bit of the burden , " he said .
At the same time , the board of governors rejected a proposal offer from the students ' union , which called on the university to tie any future increases to changes in the Alberta consumer price index and substantial hikes be put to students for a referendum .
Students ' union president Charlotte Kingston was disappointed is by the decision , saying a similar proposal is in place at the University of Alberta , and students at the U of C felt it was a workable model they " wanted and deserved . "
" It shows a lot of the time that articulating our voice does n't matter as much as we hope it would , " she said following the public meeting .
For graduate students who have completed course work and exams and are starting on their thesis , the fees represent a roughly 30 per cent increase in money they pay to the school , said Daniel Bidulock , acting president for the University of Calgary Graduate Students ' Association .
" The impact was understated when it came to grad students , " he said .
However , he added , graduate students have to be realistic about the situation .
" No one is happy with the hike but the current fiscal reality is we need this money . "
The $ 450 for student services fees puts the University of Calgary behind only McGill University for having the highest non-academic fees among Canada 's G13 Universities .
French major Allie Light said she is disappointed with the decision and she already works two jobs in the summer to pay for tuition , which her parents subsidize .
" I think we already pay enough , " she said .
Fine Arts student Shelby Jansen said she 's glad the new fees are being added in increments , but that financially she 's already having trouble keeping up with tuition and other costs .
" My education is important to me and I 'm willing to pay for it , " she said .
" But an increase does n't help me pay my rent . "
The board did agree to a motion that stipulates there will be no student services fee increases before Aug. 31 , 2013 , but the fee will be subject to any regulations imposed by the provincial government on general non-program fees .
Keith Olbermann talked to Eugene Robinson about his recent column at The Washington Post Arizona 's new immigration law is an act of vengeance .
Robinson asked why the tea partiers are n't out there protesting this new Arizona " show me your papers " law .
As Robinson points out , the answer is obvious .
Arizona 's draconian new immigration law is an abomination -- racist , arbitrary , oppressive , mean - spirited , unjust .
About the only hopeful thing that can be said is that the legislation , which Republican Gov. Jan Brewer signed Friday , goes so outrageously far that it may well be unconstitutional .
Brewer , who caved to xenophobic pressures that previous governors had the backbone to resist , should be ashamed of herself .
The law requires police to question anyone they " reasonably suspect " of being an undocumented immigrant -- a mandate for racial profiling on a massive scale .
Legal immigrants will be required to carry papers proving that they have a right to be in the United States .
Those without documentation can be charged with the crime of trespassing and jailed for up to six months .
Activists for Latino and immigrant rights -- and supporters of sane governance -- held weekend rallies denouncing the new law and vowing to do everything they can to overturn it .
But where was the Tea Party crowd ?
Is n't the whole premise of the Tea Party movement that overreaching government poses a grave threat to individual freedom ?
It seems to me that a law allowing individuals to be detained and interrogated on a whim -- and requiring legal residents to carry identification documents , as in a police state -- would send the Tea Partyers into apoplexy .
Or is there some kind of exception if the people whose freedoms are being taken away happen to have brown skin and might speak Spanish ?
... Arizona is dealing with a real problem and is right to demand that Washington provide a solution .
But the new immigration law is n't a solution at all .
It 's more like an act of vengeance .
The law makes Latino citizens and legal residents vulnerable to arbitrary harassment -- relegating them to second - class status -- and it is an utter disgrace .
Read on ...
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Bonuses for bankers should be capped at £ 2,500 a year while board directors in financial institutions should never earn extra payouts , the Lib Dems say .
A " top - to - toe " overhaul of the British banking system was needed , with an end to " morally obscene " salaries and bonuses , party leader Nick Clegg added .
He unveiled five proposals to control " the bonus culture " in the City .
There should be " no rewards for failure " , Mr Clegg said , calling for banks to display " total transparency " .
" The problem started with the banks so the solution must start with the banks too , " he said at the party 's daily news conference on Tuesday .
And he said the public should feel that " never again are your everyday savings held hostage " by " obscene " people in the City .
Fines for directors The Liberal Democrats ' five - point plan to reform the banking system would : Limit cash bonuses to £ 2,500 annually , with any bonuses in excess of this figure to be paid in shares which could not be sold for five years
Ban board directors from receiving bonus payouts
Extend the Financial Services
Act so loss - making banks were not allowed to pay bonuses
Ensure the names of all banking employees earning more than the prime minister ( £ 197,689 per year ) were published
Lead to directors of banks being fined if their institution broke the industry 's code of practice
These five steps would " transform the culture of greed which continues to disfigure the banking industry in this country " and ensure the banking system became " the servant , not the master " , Mr Clegg said .
The party 's Treasury spokesman , Vince Cable , said the UK was " still in a major economic disaster " .
" The country is now poorer than it was before the banking crash and what we need to be focusing on is how we ... prevent it happening again .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" An important part of that issue is how we deal with bonuses . "
Earlier Mr Clegg had refused to rule out the Liberal Democrats joining a coalition government under Gordon Brown or David Cameron , but said he would not back the Conservatives ' spending cut plans .
If there was a hung parliament , " politicians will need to speak to each other to give the stable ... reasoned , sane government that people deserve " , he told the BBC's Jeremy Paxman .
The election , due to be held on 6 May , was " wide open " , he added .
The Liberal Democrats are due to publish their manifesto on Wednesday .
Mr Clegg said it would reveal a " new approach " to a financially - stable economy , based on equity not debt , " where we learn as a country to build things again , not just bet on things on computer screens in the City " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Subject : [ ANN ]
Camping 2.0 - minature rails for stay - at - home moms
From : Magnus Holm < judofyr@ a . m
Date : Fri , 9 Apr 2010 23:47:27 +0900
require " uri " ; require " rack " ; class Object ; def meta_def m , &b ;( class << self ; self end ) .send:define_method , m, &b end end;module Camping ; C=self ;S=IO.read( __FILE__ ) rescue nil ; P= " < h1 > Cam\ping Problem !</h1><h2>%s</h2>" ;U=Rack:: Utils ; Apps= [ ] class H< Hash ; def method_missing m,*a;m.to_s=~/=$/?self[$`] =a [ 0 ] :a== [ ] ? self [m. to_s ] : super end ; undef id , type if ??==63;end ;module Helpers ; def R c , *g;p, h= /\(.+?\)/,g.grep( Hash ) ;g-=h ; raise " bad route " unless u=c.urls.find{|x|break x if x.scan(p).size==g.size&&/^#{x}\/?$/=~(x=g.inject(x ) {|x , a|x.sub p,U.escape(( a[ a.class.primary_key]rescue a ) ) } ) };h.any ?? u+ " ? " +U.build_query ( h[ 0 ] ) : u end ; def / p;p[0]==?/?@root + p : p end ; def URL c='/',*a;c=R(c , * a ) if c.respond_to ? ( : urls ) ;c=self/c;c=@request.url [/.{8,} ?(?=\/) / ]+c if c[ 0 ]==?/;URI c end end module Base ; attr_accessor:env , : request , : root , : input , : cookies , : state , : status , : headers , : body ; def render v,*a , &b;mab(/^_/!~v.to_s){send(v,*a,&b)} end ; def mab l=nil , &b;m=Mab.new({},self ) ;s=m.capture(&b) ;s=m.capture{layout{s}} if l && m.respond_to ?( : layout ) ;s end ; def r s , b, h={} ; b , h=h , b if Hash===b;@status=s ; @headers.merge !(h ) ; @body=b ; end ; def redirect * a;r 302 , '' , ' Location '= > URL ( *a ) .
to_s ; end ; def r404 p ; P % " #{p} not found " end ; def r500 k , m, e;raise e;end ; def r501 m P% " #{m.upcase} not implemented " end ; def to_a;@env['rack.session']=@state;r=Rack :: Response.new(@body , @status , @headers ) ;@cookies.each{|k, v|next if @old_cookies [ k]==v;v={:value=>v,:path=>self / " /" } if String===v;r.set_cookie(k,v)};r.to_a ; end def initialize ( env , m ) r=@request=Rack::Request.new(@env=env);@root,@input , @cookies , @state , @headers , @status , @method=r.script_name.sub(/\/$/ ,'' ) , n( r.params ) , H[ @old_cookies = r.cookies ] , H[r.session ] , {},m=~/r(\d+ )/?$ 1.to_i : 200 , m end ; def n h; Hash===h ?h.inject ( H [ ] ) {|m , ( k , v ) |m [ k ] =n( v ) ; m} : h end ; def service * a;r=catch ( : halt ) {send( @method,*a)};@body||=r;self;end;end;module Controllers;@r= [ ] ; class << self ; def r;@r end ; def R *u;r=@r;Class.new{meta_def( :urls ) {u};meta_def ( : inherited ) { |x|r < < x}}end ; def D p , m;p= '/' if !
p||!p[0 ] ;r.map{|k|k.urls.map{|x|return (k. instance_method( m) rescue nil ) ? [ k , m, *$ ~[ 1.. - 1 ] ] :[ I , 'r501 ' , m ] if p=~/^#{x}\/?$/}} [ I , 'r404 ' , p ] end ;N=H.new{|_,x|x.downcase}.merge !
" N " = >'( \d+ ) ' , " X " = > ' ( [ ^ / ] + ) ' , " Index " = >''; def M;def M;end;constants.map{|c|k=const_get(c ) ;k.send : include , C , Base , Helpers , Models ;@r=[k ] +r if r-[k]==r;k.meta_def(:urls ) { [ " /#{c.scan ( /. [ ^A - Z ]*/).map(&N.method ( : [ ] ) ) *'/'} " ] }if !k.respond_to?:urls}end end ;I=R ( ) end ; X=Controllers ; class << self ; def goes m; Apps<< eval ( S.gsub(/ Camping/,m.to_s ) , TOPLEVEL_BINDING ) end ; def call e;X.M;p=e [ ' PATH_INFO '] =U.unescape(e[ ' PATH_INFO ' ] ) k , m,*a=X.D p, e[' REQUEST_METHOD '].downcase;k.new(e , m) .service (*a) . to_a ; rescue r500 ( : I , k , m , $ ! , : env=>e ) .
to_a ;end ; def method_missing m , c,*a;X.M;h=Hash===a[ - 1 ] ? a.pop : {};e=H[ Rack::MockRequest.env_for('',h.delete(:env ) ||{} ) ] ;k=X.const_get(c ).new(e,m.to_s );h.each{|i,v|k.send " #{i}= " , v};k.service( *a ) ; end ; def use* a , &b;m=a . shift.new ( method( : call ) , *a, &b ) ; meta_def ( : call ) {|e|m.call(e ) }end end ;module Views include X , Helpers end ;module Models ; autoload : Base , ' camping/ar';end;autoload : Mab , 'camping / mab ' ; C end ---
Wow .
After 199 commits , 11875 lines of diff and 1284 days , it 's an honor to present a new , freshly baked version of the microframework ; now built upon Rack and weighing only 3072 tiny bytes .
( That 's exactly 3 k ! ) gem install camping Home : http://whywentcamping.com/
( currently only redirects to the docs )
http://camping.rubyforge.org/
http://github.com/camping/camping
Mailing list : http://rubyforge.org/mailman/listinfo/camping-list ~>
Wait a second , you 're not _why !
Well , no .
He went camping , so we decided to commandeer and steer this ship back on course .
I 'm merely a scoutmaster ; it 's the community who 's in charge .
Want to have an impact on Camping ?
Just join the mailing list , and your voice will be heard . ~>
What 's new ?
Let 's start with Rack .
Every Camping app is now a Rack app .
This is your config.ru : require ' blog ' run Blog
If your app requires a middleware , you can inject it inside your app : module Blog use Rack : : MethodOverride end Sessions are now simply a wrapper around env[ ' rack.session ' ] , so it 's easy as pie to `use Other : : SessionBackends` .
Ironicly , the methods Rack stole from Camping are no longer in Camping , since it 's shorter to simply call those in Rack :-)
Next up :
The book - http://camping.rubyforge.org/book.html
Not really a book , but it should get you started with Camping pretty quick .
It 's far from complete , but in the end you should know plenty about both Camping , Rack , HTTP and other frameworks .
Web development is a huge field in Ruby and can be a little confusing for newcomers .
This book should give you a gentle introduction together with pointers to where you could go for more .
This book is n't written yet .
Let me repeat that :
This book is n't written yet .
Nothing is set in stone .
These are basically just some of mine ideas - what I wish was there some years ago .
But I 'm neither the author nor the reader , so I want YOU to tell me how it really should be .
It 's open - source after all .
Being open - source means you are free to do whatever you want .
Does that sentence suck ?
That paragraph is badly phrased ?
That chapter does n't belong there ?
Rewrite it !
Reorganize the whole book !
Just make sure to tell the rest why it 's better .
Being open - source ALSO means you sometimes have to give up your perfect chapter .
Realize it was n't as good as you thought .
It 's tough , but that 's how it 's going to be .
Okay , now : Simpler routes
The most used line is Camping apps has to be : class Index < R '/'
So _why commited and now you can write : class Index # matches / class Posts # matches / posts class PostX # matches / post / ( [ ^/ ]+ ) class UserN # matches /user / ( \d+ ) ~>
Interesting .
Is 1.5 still supported ?
What should I do to upgrade my app ?
No more development will be done for 1.5 , so we recommend that you upgrade your app to 2.0 .
Rack :: Adapter : : Camping will be removed in the next release of Rack , so if you 're using it you should absolutely switch to Camping 2.0 .
Plese read
http://camping.rubyforge.org/book/51_upgrading.html#from-15-to-20 for upgrade notes and if you still have any problems , please let us know and we 'll update it . ~>
What will we see 2.1 ?
That 's up to you !
What would you like to see ?
You do n't necessarily have to implement it yourself , just tell the rest on the mailing list and maybe someone else helps out .
Sean Busbey is trying to make migrations suck less , and I want to make it even more Rackified .
And we 'll all be smashing bugs .
~>
Help , I 'm stuck !
Where should I go ?
The mailing list : http://rubyforge.org/mailman/listinfo/camping-list
You can also try #camping on irc.freenode.net : http://java.freenode.net/?channel=camping // Magnus Holm
The Balance
( click here to enlarge image )
Finding a Fulcrum
This week 's Geopolitical Intelligence Report provided a high - level assessment of the economic forces that affect how the Mexican people and the Mexican government view the flow of narcotics through that country .
Certainly at that macro level , there is a lot of money flowing into Mexico and a lot of people , from bankers and businessmen to political parties and politicians , are benefiting from the massive influx of cash .
The lure of this lucre shapes how many Mexicans ( particularly many of the Mexican elite ) view narcotics trafficking .
It is , frankly , a good time to be a banker , a real estate developer or a Rolex dealer in Mexico .
However , at the tactical level , there are a number of issues also shaping the opinions of many Mexicans regarding narcotics trafficking , including violence , corruption and rapidly rising domestic narcotics consumption .
At this level , people are being terrorized by running gunbattles , mass beheadings and rampant kidnappings — the types of events that STRATFOR covers in our Mexico Security Memos .
Mexican elites have the money to buy armored cars and hire private security guards .
But rampant corruption in the security forces means the common people seemingly have nowhere to turn for help at the local level ( not an uncommon occurrence in the developing world ) .
The violence is also having a heavy impact on Mexico 's tourist sector and on the willingness of foreign companies to invest in Mexico 's manufacturing sector .
Many smaller business owners are being hit from two sides — they receive extortion demands from criminals while facing a decrease in revenue due to a drop in tourism because of the crime and violence .
These citizens and businessmen are demanding help from Mexico City .
These two opposing forces — the inexorable flow of huge quantities of cash and the pervasive violence , corruption and fear — are placing a tremendous amount of pressure on the Calderon administration .
And this pressure will only increase as Mexico moves closer to the 2012 presidential elections ( President Felipe Calderon was the law - and - order candidate and was elected in 2006 in large part due to his pledge to end cartel violence ) .
Faced by these forces , Calderon needs to find a way to strike a delicate balance , one that will reassert Mexican government authority , quell the violence and mollify the public while also allowing the river of illicit cash to continue flowing into Mexico .
An examination of the historical dynamics of the narcotics trade in Mexico reveals that in order for the violence to stop , there needs to be a balance among the various drug - trafficking organizations involved in the trade .
New dynamics have begun to shape the narcotics business in Mexico , and they are causing that balance to be very elusive .
For the Calderon administration , desperate times may have called for desperate measures .
The laws of economics dictate that narcotics will continue to flow into the United States .
The mission of the Mexican drug - trafficking organizations and the larger cartels they form is to attempt to control as much of that flow as they can .
The people who run the Mexican drug - trafficking organizations are businessmen .
Historically , their primary objective is to move their product ( narcotics ) without being caught and to make a lot of money in the process .
The Mexican drug lords have traditionally attempted to conduct this business quietly , efficiently and with the least amount of friction .
When there is a kind of competitive business balance among these various organizations , a sort of detente prevails and there is relative peace .
We say relative , because there has always been a level of tension and some level of violence among these organizations , but during times of balance the violence is kept in check for business reasons .
During times of balance , the territorial boundaries are well - established , the smuggling corridors are secure , the drugs flow and the people make money .
When that balance is lost and an organization is weakened — especially an organization that controls one or more valuable smuggling corridors — a vicious fight can develop as other organizations move in and try to exert control over the territory and as the incumbent organization attempts to fight them off and retain control of its turf .
Smuggling corridors are geographically significant places along the narcotics supply chain where the product is channeled — places such as ports , airstrips , significant highways and border crossings .
Control of these significant channels ( often referred to as " plazas " by the drug - trafficking organizations ) is very important to an organization 's ability to move contraband .
If it does n't control a corridor it wants to use , it must pay the organization that does control it .
In past decades , this turbulence was normally short lived .
When there was a fight between the organizations or cartels , there would be a period of intense violence and then the balance between them would either be restored to the status quo ante or a new balance between the organizations would be reached .
For example , when the Guadalajara cartel dissolved following the 1989 arrest of Miguel Angel Felix Gallardo , and the Arellano Felix Organization ( AFO ) and the Sinaloa cartel emerged from the Guadalajara cartel to fill the power vacuum , there was a brief period of tension , but once balance was achieved , the violence ebbed — and business returned to normal .
However , the old model of cartel conflicts has changed .
The current round of inter- and intra-cartel violence has raged for nearly a decade and has intensified rather than abated ; there appears to be no end in sight .
In fact , death tolls are far higher today than they were five years ago .
This inability of the cartels to reach a state of balance is due to several factors .
First is the change of products .
Mexican drug cartels have long moved marijuana into the United States , but the increase in the amount of cocaine being moved through Mexico in the 1980s and 1990s changed the dynamic — cocaine is far more compact and far more lucrative than marijuana .
Cocaine is also a " strategic narcotic , " one that has a transnational supply chain far longer than drugs like marijuana or methamphetamine , and that long supply chain is difficult to guard .
Because of this , organizations involved in the cocaine trade tend to be more aggressive and violent than those that smuggle drugs with a shorter supply chain like marijuana and Mexican opium .
At first , Mexican cartels like the Guadalajara cartel only smuggled cocaine through their smuggling routes into the United States on behalf of the more powerful Colombian cartels , which were seeking alternate routes to replace the Caribbean smuggling routes that had been largely shut down by American air and sea interdiction efforts .
Over time , however , these Mexican cartels grew richer and more powerful from the proceeds of the cocaine trade , and they began to take on an expanded role in cocaine trafficking .
The efforts of the Colombian government to dismantle the large ( and violent ) organizations like the Medellin and Cali cartels also allowed the Mexicans to assume more control over the cocaine supply line .
Today , Mexican cartels control much of the cocaine supply chain , with their influence reaching down into South America and up into the United States .
This expanded control of the supply chain brought with it a larger slice of the profits for the Mexican cartels , so they have become even more rich and powerful .
Of course , this large quantity of illicit income also brings risk with it .
The massive profits that can be made by controlling a smuggling corridor into the United States are a tempting lure to competitors ( internal and external ) .
This means that the cartels require enforcers to protect their personnel and operations .
These enforcers and the escalation of violence they brought with them are a second factor that has hampered the ability of the cartels to reach a balance .
Initially , some of the cartel bosses served as their own muscle , but as time went by and the business need for violence increased , the cartels brought in hired help to carry out the enforcement function .
The first cartel to do this on a large scale was the AFO ( a very aggressive organization ) , which used active and current police officers and youth gangs ( some of them actually from the U.S. side of the border ) as enforcers .
To counter the AFO 's innovation and strength , rival cartels soon hired their own muscle .
The Juarez cartel created its own band of police called La Linea and the Gulf cartel took things yet another step and hired Los Zetas , a group of elite anti-drug paratroopers who deserted their federal Special Air Mobile Force Group in the late 1990s .
The Gulf cartel 's private special operations unit raised the bar yet another notch , and the Sinaloa cartel formed its own paramilitary unit called Los Negros to counter the strength of Los Zetas .
With paramilitary forces comes military armament , and cartel enforcers graduated from using pistols and submachine guns to regularly employing fully automatic assault rifles , rocket - propelled grenades and hand grenades .
As we have previously noted , thugs with such weapons do pose a threat , but when those weapons are in the hands of highly - trained gunmen with the ability to operate as an integrated unit , the threat is far greater .
The life of a cartel enforcer can be brutish and short .
In order to find additional personnel to beef up their ranks , the various cartel enforcer units formed outside alliances .
Los Zetas worked with former Guatemalan special forces commandos called Kaibiles and with the Mara Salvatrucha street gang ( MS - 13 ) .
La Linea formed a close alliance with the American Barrio Azteca street gang and with Los Aztecas , the gang 's Mexican branch .
Cartels also recruit heavily , and it is now common to see them place " help wanted " signs in which they offer soldiers and police officers big money if they will quit their jobs and join a cartel enforcer unit .
In times of intense combat , the warriors in a criminal organization can begin to eclipse the group 's businessmen in terms of importance , and over the past decade the enforcers within groups like the Gulf and Sinaloa cartels have become very powerful .
In fact , groups like Los Zetas and Los Negros have become powerful enough to split from their parent organizations and , essentially , form their own independent drug - trafficking organizations .
This inter - cartel struggle has proved quite deadly as seen in the struggle between AFO factions in Tijuana over the past year and in the more recent eruption of violence between the Gulf cartel and Los Zetas in northeastern Mexico .
This weakening of the traditional cartels was part of the Calderon administration 's publicized plan to reduce the power of the drug traffickers and to deny any one organization or cartel the ability to become more powerful than the state .
The plan appears to have worked to some extent , and the powerful Gulf and Sinaloa cartels have splintered , as has the AFO .
The fruit of this policy , however , has been incredible spikes in violence and the proliferation of aggressive new drug - trafficking organizations that have made it very difficult for any type of equilibrium to be reached .
So the Mexican government 's policies have also been a factor in destabilizing the balance .
The current round of cartel fighting began when the balance of cartel power was thrown off by the death of Amado Carrillo Fuentes in 1997 , which resulted in the weakening of the once powerful Juarez cartel .
Shortly after the head of the Sinaloa cartel , Joaquin Guzman Loera , aka El Chapo , escaped from prison in 2001 , he began a push to move in on the weakened Juarez cartel .
Guzman initially succeeded and the Juarez cartel became part of the Sinaloa Federation until the two cartels had a falling out in 2004 .
Then when the chief enforcer of the AFO , Ramon Arellano Felix , was killed in 2002 , both the Sinaloa and the Gulf cartels attempted to wrest control of Tijuana from the AFO .
Finally , when Gulf cartel kingpin Osiel Cardenas Guillen was captured in March 2003 , the Sinaloa cartel sent Los Negros to attempt to take control of the Gulf cartel 's territory , and this sparked a series of violent clashes in Nuevo Leon and Tamaulipas .
The top enforcer of the Beltran Leyva Organization ( BLO ) , Edgar Valdez Villarreal ( aka La Barbie ) , led Los Negros into Nuevo Laredo .
These same basic turf wars are still active , meaning that there is still ongoing violence in Reynosa , Nuevo Laredo , Ciudad Juarez and Tijuana , but as noted above , the actors are changing , with organizations like Los Zetas breaking out of the Gulf cartel and the BLO parting ways with the Sinaloa cartel .
Indeed , the Gulf and Sinaloa cartels have joined forces with La Familia Michoacana ( LFM ) to form a new super cartel called the New Federation and are now allies in the struggle against Los Zetas and the BLO , which have teamed up with the Juarez cartel to fight against the New Federation .
One constant in the violence of the past decade has been the aggressiveness of the Sinaloa cartel as it has sought to take territory from other cartels and organizations .
In the midst of the current cartel landscape , which has radically shifted over the past year , it is difficult for any type of balance to be found .
There are also very few levers with which the Calderon government can apply pressure to help force the shifting pieces into alignment .
In the near term , perhaps the only hope for striking a balance and reducing the violence is that the New Federation is strong enough to kill off organizations like Los Zetas , the BLO and the Juarez cartel and assert calm through sheer force .
However , while the massed forces of the New Federation initially made some significant headway against Los Zetas , the former special operations personnel appear to have rallied , and Los Zetas ' tactical skills and arms make them unlikely to be defeated easily .
There have been many rumors that the New Federation , in its fight against Los Zetas , was being helped by the Mexican government .
( Some of those rumors have come from the New Federation itself . )
During the New Federation 's offensive against Los Zetas , federation enforcers have been seen driving around Reynosa and Nuevo Laredo in vehicles openly marked with signs indicating they belonged to the New Federation .
While far from conclusive proof of government assistance , the well - marked vehicles certainly do seem to support the cartel 's assertion that , at the very least , the government did not want to interfere with the federation 's operation to destroy Los Zetas .
When pieced together with other observations gathered during the cartel wars , this also suggests that the Sinaloa cartel may have consistently benefited from the government 's actions .
These actions would include taking out the BLO leadership after the Beltran Leyva brothers turned against Sinaloa and the government 's success against La Linea and Los Aztecas in Juarez .
There are also occasional contraindications , such as the recent large - scale attacks against military bases in the northeast that appear to have been conducted by the New Federation .
Despite these contraindications , the cartels fighting the New Federation believe the government favors the group , and there have long been rumors that Calderon was somehow tied to El Chapo .
The Juarez cartel may have recently taken some desperate steps to counter what it perceives to be a dire threat of government and New Federation cooperation .
A local Juarez newspaper , El Diario , recently published an article discussing a Los Aztecas member who had been detained and interrogated by the Mexican military and federal police in connection with the murders of three U.S. Consulate employees in Juarez in March .
During the interrogation , according to El Diario , the Los Aztecas member divulged that a decision was made by leaders in the Barrio Azteca gang and Juarez cartel to engage U.S. citizens in the Juarez area in an effort to force the U.S. government to intervene in Mexico and therefore act as a " neutral referee , " thereby helping to counter the Mexican government 's favoritism toward the New Federation .
Of course , it is highly possible that the Sinaloa cartel is just a superior cartel and is better at using the authorities as a weapon against its adversaries .
On the other hand , perhaps the increasingly desperate government has decided to use Sinaloa and the New Federation as a fulcrum to restore balance to the narcotics trade and reduce the violence across Mexico .
In any case , we will be closely watching the activities of the New Federation and the Mexican government over the next several months to see if this hypothesis is correct .
Much hangs in the balance for Calderon , the Mexican people and their American neighbors .
No comment ... Except to say this knitted penis doll in the picture might be a better Christmas gift than Amazon 's Dora The Exlorer Sex Toy .
15 things you do n't know about your penis
By Mike Zimmerman
There are two types of penises .
One kind expands and lengthens when becoming erect ( a grower ) .
The other appears big most of the time , but does n't get much bigger after achieving erection ( a shower ) .
Smoking can shorten your penis by as much as a centimeter .
Erections are all about good bloodflow , and lighting up calcifies blood vessels , stifling erectile circulation .
So even if you do n't care all that much about your lungs or dying young , spare the li'l guy .
No brain is necessary for ejaculation .
That order comes from the spinal cord .
Finding a living vessel for said ejaculation , however , takes hours of careful thought and , often , considerable amounts of alcohol .
Doctors can now grow skin for burn victims using the foreskins of circumcised infants .
One foreskin can produce 23,000 square meters , which would be enough to tarp every Major League infield with human flesh .
An enlarged prostate gland can cause both erectile dysfunction and premature ejaculation .
If you have an unexplained case of either , your doctor 's looking forward to checking your prostate .
Even if you 're not .
The average male orgasm lasts 6 seconds .
Women get 23 seconds .
Which means if women were really interested in equality , they 'd make sure we have four orgasms for every one of theirs .
The oldest known species with a penis is a hard - shelled sea creature called Colymbosathon ecplecticos .
That 's Greek for " amazing swimmer with large penis . "
Which officially supplants Buck Naked as the best porn name , ever .
Circumcised foreskin can be reconstructed .
Movable skin on the shaft of the penis is pulled toward the tip and set in place with tape .
Later , doctors apply plastic rings , caps , and weights .
Years can pass until complete coverage is attained .
. . .
Okay , we 'll shut up now .
Only one man in 400 is flexible enough to give himself oral pleasure .
It 's estimated , however , that all 400 have given it their best shot at some point .
Are you a grower or a shower :
An international Men's Health survey reports that 79 percent of men have growers , 21 percent have showers .
German researchers say the average intercourse lasts 2 minutes , 50 seconds , yet women perceive it as lasting 5 minutes , 30 seconds .
Are we that good or that bad ?
Turns out size does matter :
The longer your penis , the better " semen displacement " you 'll achieve when having sex with a woman flush with competing sperm .
That 's according to researchers at the State University of New York , who used artificial phalluses ( ahem ) to test the " scooping " mechanism of the penis 's coronal ridge .
Next up : curing cancer .
The penis that 's been enjoyed by the most women could be that of King Fatefehi of Tonga , who supposedly deflowered 37,800 women between the years 1770 and 1784 -- that 's about seven virgins a day .
Go ahead , say it :
It 's good to be king .
Better - looking men may have stronger sperm .
Spanish researchers showed women photos of guys who had good , average , and lousy sperm -- and told them to pick the handsomest men .
The women chose the best sperm producers most often .
The most common cause of penile rupture : vigorous masturbation .
Some risks are just worth taking .
Research by the editors of Men's Health Germany
Also see Dora The Exlorer Sex Toy
Related Posts
Health Funny Blog
" Consumers will also be wary that further out they are very likely to face higher taxes as part of the major corrective action that will be needed to rein in the government finances .
It has been mooted for example that VAT could rise to 20 pc , " the retailer said .
Cannot play media .
Sorry , this media is not available in your territory .
Sebastien Buemi loses both front wheels in a bizarre incident while braking at the end of a straight in first practice at the Chinese Grand Prix .
Available to UK users only
If you are looking to make some cash by selling your jeans it is n't a bad way to make a few bucks .
The idea of buying new clothes always makes me worry .
What will I do with the old clothes ?
How will I find the money to put those new clothes in the closet ?
If you are looking to sell your old jeans for cash , here 's how !
( CNN ) --
Nearly three - quarters of Americans say that the government wastes their tax dollars , according to a new national poll .
A CNN / Opinion Research Corp. survey released Thursday also indicates that roughly half the public believes the tax system is unfair , and as a result , four in 10 say they 're angry about the amount of taxes that they pay .
Seventy - four percent of people questioned say that a lot of their tax dollars are wasted by the government ; 23 percent say that some of their tax dollars are misspent and three percent say that not much of their tax dollars are wasted .
Americans are split on their overall opinion of the country 's tax system : 49 percent say it 's fair and 50 percent say it 's unfair , according to the poll .
" Six in 10 Democrats say that the tax system is fair , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland .
" Republicans are split down the middle , with 49 percent calling it fair and 51 percent thinking it is unfair . "
Four in 10 questioned say that they are angry about the amount of taxes they pay ; 36 percent say they 're satisfied and just under one in four say they do n't have particular feelings on the issue .
Nearly half of Republicans questioned say they 're angry , but that figure drops to 44 percent among Independents and 29 percent among Democrats .
The poll indicates growing public frustration with taxes over the past couple of decades .
" This is a significantly higher level of anger than existed during the 1980s , " Holland added .
" In 1985 , only 27 percent were angry about the amount of taxes they had to pay , possibly a reflection of the tax cuts that Ronald Reagan instituted in his first year in office . "
However , it appears that Americans are n't taking their anger out on the Internal Revenue Service .
" Only a quarter of all Americans think that the Internal Revenue Service should be abolished , " Holland said .
Six in 10 say that the tax cuts passed in 2001 under George W. Bush that are set to expire this year should be made permanent , according to the survey .
The poll was conducted April 9 - 11 , with 1,008 adult Americans questioned by telephone .
The survey 's overall sampling error is plus or minus three percentage points .
CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .
Wife ' blasted husband to death with shotgun after catching him looking at naked women on internet '
A pensioner who blasted her husband through the heart with a shotgun today told a court they had argued over him looking at topless models on the internet .
Helen Lawson sobbed in the witness box as she described how her ' deceitful ' husband Geoffrey had lied about ogling topless models on his computer .
She told a jury she confronted him and asked what he had been looking at but he refused to show her .
Police who examined the couple 's computer found he had been looking at pictures of partially - clothed women .
Geoff Lawson was shot dead by his wife Helen after she confronted him about the images he was looking at on the internet , a court heard
Lawson killed her 61 - year - old husband by firing two cartridges from her double - barrelled weapon in the middle of the night .
One ripped through his heart and one struck his abdomen .
The frail 62 - year - old said she ' dreaded ' life with her bullying husband and they had fought for years over his excessive drinking habits .
She shot her husband from point - blank range at the £ 200,000 cottage they shared in the village of Wellow , near Freshwater , Isle of Wight .
After shooting Mr Lawson at around 3 am on January 4 , last year , she phoned the police and told them ' I 've just shot my husband ' .
Officers rushed to the address where they found Mr Lawson lying face down on their double bed with two shotgun wounds .
The over - and - under style , 12 bore Beretta shotgun was lying by the side of the bed with both barrels discharged .
A policeman at the Old Post House , in Wellow , Isle of Wight , a day after the murder took place
Lawson , a Scot who is originally from Motherwell , near Glasgow , was arrested at the scene and when later told her husband had died she simply replied ' good ' .
Home Office pathologist Dr Basil Purdue said the pellets from the first shot , ' tore his heart apart , ' while the second ' badly fragmented the liver ' .
Today Lawson explained to the jury how she struggled to cope with her husband 's mood swings after they married in 2004 .
She said she loved ' the old Geoff ' but hated how he became when he had been drinking .
Lawson told the court : ' He could be really horrible but the next day he could be the lovely Geoff again - he was so unpredictable .
' I was so low .
He made me feel useless and worthless and would say he did everything and I did nothing .'
Lawson described her husband as ' deceitful ' and said he refused to let her see what he looked at on their computer .
She said : ' I could never see what he was looking at but when I asked him about he said it was just my imagination .
' I said it was n't and he got in a bad mood .
' I did n't find out until October 2008 that he had been looking at page three girls on the computer .
That was him being deceitful and lying . '
Lawson told the court she drank two glasses of brandy and two glasses of white wine after her husband went to bed on the night of his death .
She said before he went to bed she called him a ' deceitful , lying drunk . '
He replied , ' prove it . '
Lawson collected the two hidden keys for her secure gun cabinet before opening it and taking out the weapon .
She said : ' I wanted my pain to stop and I could not think of another day with Geoff - that was all .
I dreaded life with Geoff .
' As I walked up the stairs to the bedroom I knew what I was going to do but I did not think of the consequences .
' I switched on the light and called his name to make him open his eyes .
When he opened them he immediately rolled over and said , " no Helen , no " .
Then I shot him .'
Lawson said she immediately dropped the weapon and went downstairs to call police .
She said she then wrote a text message to her children but never sent it because the police arrived and asked her to come outside the house where they were waiting .
The court was told that the text read : ' This is one evil man .
Sorry Paul and Kim I love you both .
Always be with you .
xxx .'
Sobbing , Lawson added : ' By that time I had suddenly realised what I had done and I was never going to see my children again . '
Defence counsel Dorian Lovell - Pank QC asked Lawson how she felt now about what she had done .
She replied : ' I feel horrified and deeply , deeply sorry about the pain I have caused everybody .
' I loved the old Geoff and still do but not the drunk Geoff . '
Prosecuting , Nicholas Haggan QC earlier told the jury many couples argued , but added : ' The remedy is divorce , not to take a gun and kill the offending partner . '
The court heard that Lawson had held a license for the guns since 1997 and was a keen clay pigeon shooter .
Lawson denies murder but admits manslaughter on the grounds of provocation and diminished responsibility .
The trial at Winchester Crown Court continues .
A couple days ago , Dr. Mercola published an article on Agave Nectar stating that it is an unsafe , toxic substance .
[ 1 ]
In his article , it is implied that agave nectar could even be worse for the body than many forms of processed sugars such as High - Fructose Corn Syrup .
I have had a lot of e-mails over the last few days regarding this article on Agave Nectar .
Now let me say up front that I have the highest respect for Dr. Mercola and this article is not meant to attack him personally , only to state a fair evaluation and my belief on the matter of agave nectar toxicity .
As I read his article , immediately a phrase from traditional Ayurvedic medicine came to mind :
There is one answer to any question regarding human health - " it depends . "
And an " it depends " attitude may shed some light on the recent agave - nectar debate .
It will not serve us well to take a limited view on agave nectar .
Anytime we label a naturally occurring food as " good " or " bad , " we are bound to encounter some concerns .
Here is why .
If taken from a holistic perspective , multiple points emerge as to the relativity of the " agave - argument . "
I have outlined these points below .
Fructose Is Not Inherently Evil
Agave nectar is high in fructose , but so are many foods that we eat .
This is Dr. Mercola 's main beef with agave nectar .
And while it is true that agave is quite high in fructose , it is the most common form of sugar in all fruits .
Dates , molasses , raisins , apples , honey , and even many vegetables and other plants are high in fructose .
Fructose is a natural form of carbohydrate , and for thousands of years , it has been an important source of energy for the body .
Fructose in live raw fruits is good for us !
A scientific statement from The American Heart Association found that consuming limited amounts of fructose , in a pure form , had no negative effects on the majority of individuals .
[ 2 ]
Other studies show that fructose , in limited amounts , may even reduce the risk of prostate cancer . [ 3 ]
Another study found that the beneficial fructans found in agave may help fight bone diseases such as osteoporosis , as well as other diseases such as diabetes and colon cancer . [ 4 ]
This research also suggested that fructans may promote the creation of beneficial gut bacteria , allowing for better absorption of calcium and magnesium ( two important minerals for bone health ) .
Fructose & HFCS Are Not the Same
There is no comparison between a natural form of fructose , such as in fruit or from agave , and the chemically - processed , pesticide - laden , genetically - modified High - Fructose Corn Syrup ( HFCS ) .
The fructose in agave is a slow release form of sugar .
This means that , in comparison to HFCS , which spikes blood sugar levels , agave does not cause the stimulation of insulin secretion that leads to harmful rises in blood sugar .
What is more , the enzymatic processing of agave is very different from the process of High - Fructose Corn Syrup , which fabricates fructose out of the glucose made from the milled starch of corn .
For High - Fructose Corn Syrup , glucose chains in the starch are broken down into long chain lengths of glucose molecules .
These long chains are less sweet but offer easier viscosity and functionality than raw glucose .
Producers of HFCS are looking for this better viscosity and adaptability , as it allows them to add it , unnoticed , to virtually any substance .
To do this , they dry the corn and mix it with water and sulfur dioxide .
From there , the starches are separated from the kernel , fiber and protein .
The separated starch slurry is then processed at very high temperatures , mixed with acid , neutralized , and then treated with an enzyme to create a 42 % fructose and 55 % glucose syrup .
It is these strong acids and caustic chemical additives that are believed to be related to mercury contamination in HFCS .
Moreover , most HFCS is made from genetically - modified corn , adding yet another contaminant into the processing mix .
Organic agave nectar 's processing could not be further related to this aforementioned processing of HFCS .
Agave is processed through either the use of natural enzymes or through the use of thermal hydrolysis .
These processes are essentially used only to evaporate the nectar from the liquid juice that is extracted from the plant .
The processing of agave is done in the exact same way in which bees make honey , whether through a natural enzyme in the bee 's stomach or when they fan their wings to evaporate the natural water out of the sweet liquid before capping into the honeycomb .
In essence , no refinement , beyond the evaporation of water , occurs in agave processing .
To put this in perspective , one must consider that hydrolysis is a 100 % natural process of molecule separation .
The human body does it every day !
Agave Is Not Laced With Corn Syrup or Pesticides
Dr. Mercola 's statement about the FDA 's rejection of agave due to pesticide residue requires proof .
To this day , and according to Madhava 's website , [ 5 ] they have seen no evidence of FDA rejections , and many quality brands of agave have certainly never been rejected due to pesticide content .
Quality organic brands of agave are 100 % pure and contain absolutely no additives .
Agave Does Not Cause a Miscarriage
Dr. Mercola 's article warns against saponins disrupting red blood cells , diarrhea , vomiting and even miscarriage in pregnant women .
While agave nectar does contain saponins , it is certainly not dangerous .
Many of the foods that we eat , including beans , legumes , paprika , and alfalfa , contain these natural phytosterol compounds .
Not only are they not dangerous , but saponins offer many healthy properties .
Moreover , there have been no documented studies that have ever linked agave nectar to miscarriages .
Nor is there any research which shows that agave even contains Anodin and Dinordin , the steroid derivatives linked to miscarriages .
His article also warns that agave contains a contaminant called hydroxymethylfurfural ( HMF ) , a bi-product of heating fructose .
First , agave nectar that has been enzymatically - treated does not have any of these chemical bi-products .
Secondly , while agave that is heated at low temperatures will have a resulting HMF content , the levels are so minimal ( of 5 - 7 milligrams per kilogram ) that they cause no health concern .
It is common knowledge that wine holds much higher HMF levels than agave nectar .
Not All Agave Is Equal
It is true that some lower - quality forms of agave have been put through extensive cooking processes that alter the chemical structure of the nectar , making is nothing more than man-made fructose .
One company called Madhava Agave Nectar produces an organic raw agave that is 100 % organic - certified by the USDA .
They harvest the nectar from living plants and do very minimal amounts of processing on the nectar .
We were told by Madhava , that their Quality Control team regularly visits their Mexican suppliers to ensure quality .
Agave Has a Rich , Safe History
For hundreds of years , Mexican traditional societies have revered this plant .
It was a natural form of sugar that was eaten seasonally , in limited amounts , and in a raw form .
This plant , high in vitamins and minerals , was even used by traditional medicine cultures as a digestive support , and a blood purifier .
Agave Nectar Is Not Addictive
Sweet foods have been a part of the human diet for thousands of years .
They are an important part of our diet , in moderation .
As with any substance , addiction can come from over - indulgence , but not from the inherent qualities of the food itself .
Extreme Examples Lead to Extreme Views
Craig Gerbore of Madhava warns against extreme views drawn from extreme examples designed to frighten people , not educate them .
Educate yourself on the facts , and in Gerbore 's words , " What is a ' healthy ' sweetener ?
One that you use moderately and sensibly . "
Dr. Mercola 's Statements About the Toxicity of Agave Are Incorrect
Madhava 's Quality Control , for example , routinely inspects their agave supplier facilities in Mexico and Colorado .
The facilities are run by intelligent , professional individuals and are kept to the highest of international organic standards .
Moreover , as stated on Madhava 's website , the statement that there is a shortage of agave plants is not only incorrect but quite the opposite .
There are abundant and healthy agave plants available for use .
I use agave nectar in moderation .
I recommend everyone do thorough research on any food or food product and decide for themselves whether they think they should consume it .
† Results may vary .
Information and statements made are for education purposes and are not intended to replace the advice of your doctor .
If you have a severe medical condition or health concern , see your physician .
This entry was posted in Foods , Healthy Foods , Nutrition
He liked to be known as " The Gaffer " and used violence , bullying and emotional control to terrorise his daughters over 30 years of systematic sexual abuse which resulted in 18 pregnancies .
His control over the family , along with his self - employed status in the building trade , made it easy for him to move home quickly whenever there were awkward questions , to keep the children off school whenever they showed signs of injury and , crucially , to keep them silent .
The details of his abuse were first disclosed in November 2008 during his trial at Sheffield crown court .
The case drew chilling comparisons with that of the Austrian Josef Fritzl , who imprisoned his daughter underground for 24 years and fathered her seven children .
But while Fritzl kept his daughter prisoner , the Sheffield father isolated and controlled his family using violence and bullying .
Despite several cries for help that went unheeded , his daughters only broke their silence in 2008 .
The man , 56 , from Sheffield , " took pleasure " in assaulting the girls , the court heard , and the violent attacks would stop only while the children were pregnant .
The assaults took place against a backdrop of alcohol and domestic abuse – their mother , who knew about the rapes but was too terrified to do anything , escaped him to live in refuges on several occasions and finally fled the home in 1992 , leaving her children behind .
His son , who was physically but not sexually abused , told police his father was a " Jekyll and Hyde " character who would " turn with a click of his fingers " .
He told the BBC : " Everyone recognised the sound of his car and when we heard it , it was like a dash to our rooms and hide . "
The son said he once witnessed his father kicking and punching his elder sister , " beating her to a pulp " .
He felt powerless to do anything about it , he said , and managed to escape the family home when he was 15 .
His father began physically abusing his daughters when they were toddlers : the rapes began when they were eight and 10 .
He managed to keep it hidden from the other child – each only realised the other was being abused when they fell pregnant years later .
In the beginning , he raped them every day , then two to three times a week .
When they were pregnant , he would carry on , forcing each woman to babysit the children while he assaulted her sister .
He told them their children would be taken away if they told anyone about the abuse , and threatened to kill them and their children .
Once the children were born , the sisters had another reason to stay quiet .
At one point one daughter rang ChildLine for help , but hung up after she was not given a guarantee that the children would not be placed in care .
The rapes continued until 2008 , until the women sought help , and resulted in him fathering nine children , two of whom died the day they were born .
The sisters also suffered several miscarriages and terminations between them .
His self - employed status , running his own business in the building trade , made it easy for him to uproot at short notice and the family moved every six months or so , living in isolated villages in South Yorkshire and Lincolnshire ,
The man , who is divorced , was given 25 life sentences in November 2008 after pleading guilty to 25 counts of rape committed from the 1980s up to the present day .
He is not mentally ill , Sheffield crown court was told ; his abuse was " just satisfying his urges " .
He remains unrepentant , refusing to attend court to hear his sentence and last year appealing against his sentence .
While on remand the man wrote a letter to a relative : " We were all getting on well before this came out , " he wrote .
" What went wrong ?
My daughters have got something out of this – kids – what have I got ? "
Bristol : Today , Peter Mandelson said that the allegations in the press about Nick Clegg were " straight out of the Tory Party dirty - tricks manual " .
He even suggested that the Conservative director of communications Andy Coulson had had a hand in them .
But is n't this simply a smear designed to lay blame for the smears against Nick Clegg firmly at the door of the Tories ?
Lord Mandelson has not provided any evidence that Andy Coulson was involved ; indeed , there are plenty of reasons to think he may well have not have been .
The Telegraph story originates from the newspaper 's files of bank accounts acquired during the expenses investigation .
The Mail story is sourced from a Guardian article which anyone could have found with a simple Google search .
The Sun may well have had the odd chat with Mr Coulson : I 'm sure they do ; after all , the editor is a good friend of his .
Now there 's no doubt that many Tories are in a panic about Nick Clegg 's advance - nor that the Tory press are out to get him - but as yet there is no evidence that the Tory leadership were behind this morning 's stories and until there is we must conclude that Lord Mandelson is trying to make a story about the Liberal Democrats into one that is damaging for David Cameron .
Update 1939 : I now learn that political reporters from the Tory - backing papers were called in one by one to discuss how Team Cameron would deal with " Cleggmania " and to be offered Tory HQ 's favourite titbits about the Lib Dems - much of which appears in today 's papers .
The key personal allegation about payments from donors into Nick Clegg 's personal
bank account came , however , from the Telegraph 's expenses files .
Incidentally , the party has now published details of Nick Clegg 's bank statements and party accounts showing that Mr Clegg received payments totalling £ 19,690 from three businessmen ( Neil Sherlock , Michael Young , Ian Wright ) and then paid staff costs of £ 20,437.30 out of the same account .
According to these figures , Mr Clegg actually paid £ 747.30 out of his own money towards staff costs .
View Transcript
Transcript
Asok in the art department Man says , " Maybe you could try homeopathy to fix your botched nose job . "
Asok says , " Maybe you could try homeopathy to fix your irrational belief in things that have no scientific basis . "
Man says , " You sort of hurt my feelings there . "
Asok says , " Did n't your astrologer warn you about Scorpios ? "
The three leaders returned to the campaign trail on Friday
Gordon Brown and David Cameron have conceded Lib Dem rival Nick Clegg did well in the UK 's first prime ministerial TV debate .
The Tory leader said Mr Clegg , who topped most instant polls , had a " good debate " while Mr Brown said he would be " rightly pleased with his performance " .
Both said they enjoyed the debate which was watched by 9.9 m people at its peak .
All three are back campaigning on Friday , Mr Brown in Sussex , Mr Clegg in Warrington and Mr Cameron in Nantwich .
The Conservative leader was joined by Take That 's Gary Barlow at a high school , as he launched plans for a national " School Stars " singing competition , Mr Brown was joined by comedian Eddie Izzard in Hove while Mr Clegg was visiting Warrington Rugby Club .
In other election developments on Friday :
The three leaders clashed over issues including tax , immigration and expenses in the 90 - minute debate on ITV1 , which early overnight figures suggest had an average audience of 9.4 m , peaking at 9.9 m - compared with 8 m for Coronation Street .
Two more debates will be broadcast by Sky and the BBC over the next two weeks , in the run-up to the general election on 6 May .
' Hard - fought campaign '
Two opinion polls taken immediately after the debate , by YouGov and Populus respectively , suggested Mr Clegg won .
And an ITV / ComRes poll conducted after the debate suggested national support for the Liberal Democrats was up 3 % to 24 % , compared with two days ago , leaving Labour on 28 % and the Conservatives in front on 35 % .
It was based on a telephone poll of a selected group of 4,032 viewers , taken immediately after the debate , the results of which were adjusted to make them nationally representative .
Asked about Mr Clegg 's performance in a morning interview with BBC Manchester , Mr Cameron said : " I think he had a good debate but I must say I just enjoyed being able to talk to people at home , to address the questions that I think are the big questions at this election like immigration and the economy and crime . "
' Bit eccentric '
He said he faced a " huge challenge " but added : " We are in the middle of a hard - fought and tough election campaign .
It 's a campaign I believe we can win .
It 's a campaign I believe we ought to win because the country is crying out for change . "
His colleague Michael Gove told Sky News Mr Clegg could " play the role of the sparky and feisty outsider " but said some Lib Dem policies were " outside the mainstream and a little bit eccentric " .
Mr Brown , in an interview with BBC Radio Sussex , said Mr Clegg , who as leader of the UK's third biggest party does not get as much exposure as the leaders of the two biggest parties , had been " introducing himself in many ways to the public , in a mass way , for the first time " .
" I think he 'll be rightly pleased with his performance .
I think at the end of the day ... when all the dust settles , when people start sort of examining what are the policies , I do n't think people know much about Liberal policies , and I think they do know more about our policies .
He said he had " enjoyed " the debate , adding : " I think it 's part of the debate we should have in Britain .
I think it 's energised the campaign . "
' Three - horse race '
Addressing party activists in Warrington on Friday , Mr Clegg said it had been an " important moment in this campaign " but told them it was " just the start " and urged them to get out campaigning .
One of his predecessors as Lib Dem leader , Lord Ashdown , said the debate was " potentially a game changer " .
But he warned : " There 's a long way to go yet .
There 's three weeks , there 's two more debates , and now that we 've made this a three - horse , rather than a two - horse race , they 're going to be coming for us , we 've got to be ready for that . "
BBC political editor Nick Robinson said the emergence of Mr Clegg as a serious player would be the most significant development - but there was a question mark over whether instant polls suggesting he won , could be converted into more support for his party .
He added that , amid predictions of a hung parliament in which Mr Clegg 's party could hold the balance of power , the Lib Dems would be wooed , attacked and scrutinised with renewed vigour .
The Scottish National Party and Plaid Cymru are not taking part in the debates , although the BBC is to hold separate leaders ' debates in Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland .
SNP Leader Alex Salmond told the BBC : " You had three Westminster politicians who agree with each other on 99 % of issues , and therefore the debate could n't really come alive because of that convergence on the things that matter , and also , of course , because the audience were n't allowed to really participate . "
Plaid Cymru leader Ieuan Wyn Jones said : " In what was a very sterile debate , not once did we hear the word Wales mentioned by any of the leaders .
Indeed much of what they said was irrelevant to our communities . "
UK Independence Party MEP Nigel Farage , said there was not a " single memorable phrase " in the entire 90 minutes .
Sky News will be showing the second debate on Thursday , 22 April , which will look at foreign affairs .
The final debate on BBC One on Thursday , 29 April will focus on the economy .
The Eichmann Files Classified Documents Could Be Released after 50 Years
Fifty years after Nazi war criminal Adolf Eichmann 's arrest by the Israeli Mossad in Argentina , basic details about his 15 years as a fugitive remain a government secret .
The files kept by Germany 's foreign intelligence agency , the BND , remain classified today -- allegedly for reasons of national security .
A German journalist is now suing in a federal court for the release of the files .
Von Leon Dische Becker
When I got off the elevator at the Architecture and Design department for a quick meeting with Juliet Kinchin about a new exhibition she was curating called The New Typography , I was surprised to see some original posters from the 1920s lined up along a wall , and many tiny pieces of stationery systems , brochures , flyers , and ads carefully spread out on a table .
We do n’t usually get to see the real artwork until just before the show , when installation is underway , and until then , we use exhibition catalogs or digital images for reference .
I felt like an anthropologist in the presence of an early human ancestor .
As a graphic designer , I could relate to these pieces more than any other art I had worked with at MoMA .
These ninety - year - old posters communicated loud and clear , and still looked amazingly cool .
But when I took a close look , their difference from contemporary graphics was apparent : these works had a hand - crafted feel — a beautiful contrast to the clean geometry of the layout .
Once the show had opened , I often returned to the gallery , wondering what it was like being a graphic designer in the 1920s .
I decided to ask Juliet some questions .
While standing in this exhibition , off to the left I see posters in the International New Art section that precede the ones in The New Typography by about thirty years .
They could n’t be more different .
That ’s certainly true .
Just look at the difference between the way Jules Chéret in 1893 and Max Burchartz in 1928 handle posters related to modern dance .
Chéret concentrates on creating an impression of the dancer ’s shimmering swirling dress , whereas Burchartz uses an integrated combination of type , photography , and solid color to enhance the dancers ’ dynamic poses .
The New Typography developed from Constructivism and uncompromising geometrical abstraction .
For the first time , designers really begin to see the poster , the magazine cover , the advertisement as a blank sheet on which they could move all the elements around , invariably in an asymmetric composition .
What makes the New Typography a more mature kind of graphic design than the artistic posters of the 1890s is the way they combined slabs of flat color , photography , printers ’ “ guide lines , ” and standardized letter forms or body text .
The overriding concern was to clarify the visual and verbal communication of meaning on a number of different levels .
The exhibition shows posters and graphic works from Jan Tschichold ’s personal collection , including some of his own .
Did Tschichold know the other designers whose works are in this exhibition personally ?
Did they exchange ideas ?
He knew many of them personally because they had corresponded and met at various congresses , exhibitions , and events around modernist design , and of course he illustrated work by many of them in his lectures and his groundbreaking book of 1928 , Die Neue Typographie ( The New Typography ) .
In fact , Tschichold was in regular touch with many of the leading figures of design , art , and architecture of that period — even Soviet Russians like [ Aleksandr ] Rodchenko and the Stenberg brothers — and avant - gardists in The Netherlands , Poland , Czechoslovakia .
He also had a habit of picking up odd bits and pieces of graphic design that he found interesting , without knowing who the designer was .
Nowadays we go to graphic design school to become graphic designers .
How about these guys ?
What was their background ?
Among his contemporary designers , Tschichold is unusual because he was trained as a printer and book designer , so he had a background in the trades , whereas Herbert Bayer , Kurt Schwitters , Ladislav Sutnar , and many others came from an art school background .
There was a tremendous buzz around graphics at the time .
It was more than a means for artists and architects to earn a little extra cash .
It was art that seemed to matter , that could make itself seen and heard almost instantaneously , and on a huge scale , outside the confines of an art gallery or collector ’s home .
Developments in industrial printing and photomechanical reproduction , the proliferation of printed ephemera , and their international circulation seemed to offer such potential for reforming social consciousness .
I am almost embarrassed to say this , but I ca n’t help but find the slight imperfections in some of these designs charming .
Do you think Tschichold and the others were aware of this ?
The funny thing is , I do n’t notice the imperfections !
What I come away with is an overwhelming sense of his restraint and subtle control of the limited means at his disposal .
At the time , Tschichold had a reputation for typographical perfection .
He was often referred to by colleagues and contemporaries as “ The Master . ”
By 1937 , when he came to design the last poster in our New Typography exhibition for an exhibition of Constructivist paintings in Basel , it is as if he has pushed this reductivist aesthetic to its absolute limit .
I ’m not sure how effective it was as a poster — it ’s almost too refined — but it is a beautiful , ethereal image .
––
Later , when we were working on options for the title graphic , our geometric shapes and type drawn on the computer and printed on a laser printer looked terribly boring by comparison to the 1920s posters .
Which reminds me that perfection is attractive , but it is the imperfections that make me fall in love .
Happy Valentine ’s Day everyone !
Just hours after news broke that Thiago Alves had to pull out of his UFC 111 main card fight with Jon Fitch due to a failed CT scan , multiple sources are now reporting that Fitch will instead fight Ben Saunders on the main card .
Saunders already had a main card fight against Jake Ellenberger , but he was apparently eager to fight Fitch .
Ellenberger will reportedly be paid his show - money plus a win bonus and will simply be removed from the card .
MMA Junkie had the initial report :
Multiple sources today confirmed with MMAjunkie.com ( www.mmajunkie.com) the change to Saturday 's card , which takes place at the Prudential Center in Newark , N.J .
A source told MMAjunkie.com said Saunders specifically asked for the new bout when Fitch became available .
Ellenberger has been promised his " show " and " win " money to make up for the UFC 's last - minute switch , we 're told .
An official announcement is expected any time now from the UFC .
Fitch and Saunders hinted at the fight on their respective Twitter acounts soon after that news broke .
The revised UFC 111 card now includes :
Georges St. Pierre vs. Dan Hardy
Frank Mir vs. Shane Carwin
Kurt Pellegrino vs. Fabricio Camoes
Jon Fitch vs. Ben Saunders
Jim Miller vs. Mark Bocek
On Spike :
Ricardo Almeida vs. Matt Brown
Nate Diaz vs. Rory Markham
Prelims :
Rousimar Palhares vs. Tomasz Drwal
Jarred Hamman vs. Rodney Wallace
Matthew Riddle vs. Greg Soto
UPDATE # 1 : The UFC has now confirmed the Fitch - Saunders fight .
UPDATE # 2 : TMZ reports that Dana White has stated that if Saunders defeats Fitch , he 'll get a title shot .
CSIRO Wealth from Oceans scientist , Dr Susan Wijffels , who shares the helm of the world ’s largest ocean monitoring program aimed at reducing uncertainties about climate change .
( CSIRO )
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Evidence that the world 's water cycle has already intensified is contained in new research to be published in the American Journal of Climate .
The stronger water cycle means arid regions have become drier and high rainfall regions wetter as atmospheric temperature increases .
The study , co-authored by CSIRO scientists Paul Durack and Dr Susan Wijffels , shows the surface ocean beneath rainfall - dominated regions has freshened , whereas ocean regions dominated by evaporation are saltier .
The paper also confirms that surface warming of the world ’s oceans over the past 50 years has penetrated into the oceans ’ interior changing deep - ocean salinity patterns .
" This is further confirmation from the global ocean that the Earth ’s water cycle has accelerated , " says Mr Durack - a PhD student at the joint CSIRO / University of Tasmania , Quantitative Marine Science program .
" These broad - scale patterns of change are qualitatively consistent with simulations reported by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) .
" While such changes in salinity would be expected at the ocean surface ( where about 80 per cent of surface water exchange occurs ) , sub - surface measurements indicate much broader , warming - driven changes are extending into the deep ocean , " Mr Durack said .
The study finds a clear link between salinity changes at the surface driven by ocean warming and changes in the ocean subsurface which follow the trajectories along which surface water travels into the ocean interior .
The ocean 's average surface temperature has risen around 0.4 ºC since 1950 .
As the near surface atmosphere warms it can evaporate more water from the surface ocean and move it to new regions to release it as rain and snow .
Salinity patterns reflect the contrasts between ocean regions where the oceans lose water to the atmosphere and the others where it is re-deposited on the surface as salt - free rainwater .
" Observations of rainfall and evaporation over the oceans in the 20th century are very scarce .
These new estimates of ocean salinity changes provide a rigorous benchmark to better validate global climate models and start to narrow the wide uncertainties associated with water cycle changes and oceanic processes both in the past and the future - we can use ocean salinity changes as a rain - gauge , " Mr Durack said .
Based on historical records and data provided by the Argo Program 's world - wide network of ocean profilers - robotic submersible buoys which record and report ocean salinity levels and temperatures to depths of two kilometres - the research was conducted by CSIRO 's Wealth from Oceans Flagship and partially funded by the Australian Climate Change Science Program .
Australia ’s Integrated Marine Observing System is a significant contributor to the global Argo Program .
Explore further Climate change signal detected in the Indian Ocean
Why do we get so worried when we do n’t know what is going to happen ?
In the current British general election we are being asked to think about new experiences , at least for the UK , like a hung parliament , elections under proportional representation , having the Lib Dems in power .
But when confronted with a new experience two things take place .
First , we try to guess what it would be like .
Would the government be slow and indecisive ?
Would foreign lenders panic ?
Can the right wing of the Lib Dems really work with the Old Labour rump ?
Or with Cameron ?
How can we know ?
So we set off on a conscientious but doomed attempt to work out in advance where it will take us .
Is Germany the best parallel , so we do n’t have to worry about the economic effects of coalitions ?
Or is it Israel , and will the BNP or UKIP have the balance of power , like the orthodox Jews ?
Will we never have the leadership to go to war on Iraq , and a good thing too ?
Will we never have the leadership to intervene in Bosnia , alas ?
Very quickly we find that there are no remotely conclusive answers to these questions .
So , second , we start getting nervous .
If we do n’t know what will happen , should n’t we worry about the uncertainty itself ?
We start to latch on to the worst case arguments , to justify our reluctance to change .
It seems like a very bad idea indeed to have the Israeli problem and it might well happen .
So let ’s not do anything in case .
And we dredge up folk wisdom , which is always against change .
Coalitions are just “ not the British way of doing politics ” , as Ed Balls says .
This conservatism has a parentage .
If you have been brought up to be rational you are meant to think systematically about what you are doing .
You should consider the alternatives , work out what will happen in each case , and choose the best .
You can take risks .
But risk in this rationalist account is a bloodless notion to do with probability distributions and mean expected values – what a percentage poker player with a good memory for the cards will use .
It is not what taking risks in life is really like , which is being bewildered and scared .
When there is a lot of uncertainty , you have no real grasp of the probabilities and a precise calculus is impossible .
You can not see how to optimise .
So , because an unsystematic decision is supposed to be a bad decision , you fall back on doing nothing .
Were you to vote Lib Dem , you do n’t really know what will happen .
So you do n’t .
( Forget that you do n’t really know what will happen if you vote for the other two either , they have the advantage of apparent familiarity . )
This reaction is more common among people on the right .
This is a paradox as they are more in favour of the free market .
A free marketer should not be worried if you ca n’t forecast what will happen .
It is only in a planned economy that you attempt to decide what the future is supposed to look like .
But in a market economy , you set up a decentralised competitive system which establishes what people want and who can provide it .
Nobody knows in advance what the answers will be .
Conservatives ought to welcome new , open systems .
Wanting to know the detail of the policies of the main parties is a related mistake .
It too has rationalist / social engineering parentage .
We do not elect a government as subcontractors to carry out a plan which we have agreed with them .
We chose a government because we think that it shares our values and is competent to decide what will be the best as unpredictable events occur .
Looking at policy proposals , in so far as we do , is not about clarifying the contract .
It is about having a conversation to see what the job applicant is like .
Just like most interviews .
In 1979 Mrs Thatcher looked good to many because you could see what she was like , not because she promised privatisation ( she famously did n’t ) .
A contract is what you have to have when you do n’t have trust ( Clement Attlee ) .
Contracts are about what you will get if you a deal with this agent ( a government , a business partner ) for a precise exchange .
And it requires knowing well what will happen if …..
But most political decisions are not like that .
Voting for the Lib Dems and maybe therefore for a hung parliament is not like entering a contract .
You do n’t and ca n’t know what will happen .
But you ca n’t anyway , whatever the party .
The uncertainty about the Lib Dems is simply that we see more clearly with them the reality of the situation whoever we chose .
The banal .
clichéd , vulgar , insights which we hear and read all the time now - saying that we have had enough of the old system and the old lot , maybe even , we want to “ break the mould ” , are indeed unsophisticated .
But they are not therefore bad arguments .
And they are better than ever more careful analyses of the possible consequences of an AV or AV + voting system .
Taking a leap into the unknown is certainly risky .
By 2015 , we may be longing for the orderliness of first - past - the - post electoral system .
But today we have to make a bet .
And that bet in made under conditions of uncertainty , where prediction of precise outcomes is a chimera .
Under these conditions it is a good thing to be attracted to a creative response to uncertainty .
Nor is voting for disorder just a negative protest .
Just as when you support a free market , you do so because you think that for a lot of goods and services it works better than central planning , even though you do n’t know what it will produce : so by voting for political disorder now , you are betting that on the whole , for most political decisions , shaking it up will work better than what we have at present , even though you do n’t know what it will produce .
Three cheers for uncertainty !
Dramatic news via Spencer Ackerman from the military commission case of Omar Khadr , the Canadian detained by the US when he was just 15 and sent to Gitmo :
In the hearing ’s most dramatic moment , Flowers said at least one interrogator would testify to having personally taken part in Khadr ’s abuse .
As detailed in a motion filed by the defense in 2008 , Khadr claims in his affidavit that his interrogators threatened him with rape , denied him medical treatment for gunshot and shrapnel wounds he suffered in his July 2002 capture in Afghanistan , and used him as a “ human mop ” to clean up his own excrement .
The interrogator , referred to in the hearing only as “ Interrogator # 1 , ” will testify on behalf of the defense that he personally threatened Khadr “ with rape ” by threatening to render Khadr to an undisclosed Arab country where he would face the abuse .
Yes , this was America .
But we should move on , right ?
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Beginning in Sydney , Australia three years ago , Earth Hour has grown into a global observance .
States , large organizations and individual people observed Earth Hour 2010 on Saturday March 27th , as homes , office towers and landmarks turned off their lights for an hour starting at 8.30 pm local time to raise awareness about climate change and the threat from rising greenhouse gas emissions .
Collected here are a series of before - and - after photographs from this year - which ( starting with the second one below ) will fade between " on " and " off " when clicked .
This effect requires javascript to be enabled .
( 26 photos total
New research suggests that the increasing use of bibliometric parameters to evaluate academic success could be compromising research objectivity and integrity .
By analysing over 1300 academic papers published in the US , a study suggests that research is more likely to support a tested hypothesis if the authors are located in more academically ’ productive ’ states .
The link between positive outcomes and academic productivity , independent of discipline and funding availability , could be due to the so called ’ publish or perish ’ culture , where competition is encouraged and scientific careers depend on publication rates .
Rivalry is promoted in scientifically advanced countries such as the US through pressure to publish frequently , but the success of a scientific paper can depend on whether it shows a positive or negative result .
The study ’s author , Daniele Fanelli from the University of Edinburgh , UK , has suggested that ’ the same phenomenon might be observed in other countries where academic competition and pressures to publish are high ’ .
Nathan Patmore of the chemistry department at the University of Sheffield , UK , has worked as an academic in both the US and UK .
’ Young academics in the US are under a lot of pressure to publish because of the tenure process .
There is a similar pressure in the UK where academic success has been measured by publication rate and quality in the [ Research Assessment Exercise ] . ’
While the study does not exclude that researchers in more productive states may just be smarter and better equipped , and thus more successful , Fanelli feels that this is unlikely to fully explain the marked trend observed .
The study suggests that scientists working in more competitive and productive environments are more likely to make results look ’ positive ’ and lower the quality of the science itself .
Clare Grey , appointed head of inorganic chemistry at the University of Cambridge , UK , after working in the US for many years , is not convinced that these findings have anything to do with the publish or perish culture .
’ Both journals and reviewers tend not to get as excited by negative results .
Academics tend to come up with new hypotheses and test them until one works allowing them to then publish in their favourite journal . ’
Patmore agrees that positive results are more likely to be published in higher impact journals and adds that ’ academics may spend more time reporting positive results but that does not necessarily jeopardise the integrity of the research ’ .
Leila Sattary
A report released by the Government Accountability Office questions Hollywood 's billion dollar losses claims , citing a lack of evidence as the main reason for the doubts .
On the other hand , the Congress - commissioned report emphasizes that piracy may also benefit the entertainment industries and third parties .
The PRO - IP Act is a United Stated law that aims to combat copyright infringement by increasing civil and criminal penalties for offenders .
As part of the Act , Congress has instructed the Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) to quantify the impact of piracy on the economy .
The results of this investigation have now been published in a report .
The report puts the claimed ‘ massive losses ’ by the entertainment industries in a different light .
After having interviewed many experts and plowed through the relevant literature , GAO writes that it cannot make any solid conclusions about the financial effect piracy has on the economy as a whole .
“ Lack of data hinders efforts to quantify impacts of counterfeiting and piracy , ” is one of the main conclusions from the report .
One of the problems signaled by the GAO is that government officials admit that they simply reply on statistics and reports from the entertainment industries without conducting research on their own .
These reports naturally lack transparency about the source of the figures and are often written to sell a political agenda through lobbying efforts .
Although the GAO report cannot make any strong conclusions on the financial impact of piracy and counterfeiting on the economy , the writers do note that piracy can have several benefits for consumers and businesses .
“ Some authors have argued that companies that experience revenue losses in one line of business — such as movies — may also increase revenues in related or complementary businesses due to increased brand awareness , ” the report states .
“ For instance , companies may experience increased revenues due to the sales of merchandise that are based on movie characters whose popularity is enhanced by sales of pirated movies . ”
Another aspect that was mentioned is the positive impact piracy has on the revenues of third party companies .
The example of routers is given in the report , but it is not hard to see that Apple ’s iPod might also have benefited from the availability of pirated music .
“ One expert also observed that some industries may experience an increase in demand for their products because of piracy in other industries .
This expert identified Internet infrastructure manufacturers ( e.g. , companies that make routers ) as possible beneficiaries of digital piracy , because of the bandwidth demands related to the transfer of pirated digital content , ” the report reads .
One of the most interesting benefits of piracy mentioned in the report is that it encourages innovation , since this is the exact opposite of what copyright holders always argue .
Unfortunately for consumers , this innovation is not always aimed at making a better product .
“ While competitive pressure to keep one step ahead of counterfeiters may spur innovation in some cases , some of this innovation may be oriented toward anticounterfeiting and antipiracy efforts , rather than enhancing the product for consumers . ”
The overall conclusion of the GAO is that they ca n’t put a number on what the financial consequences of piracy are for the economy .
However , blindly trusting statics and reports from the entertainment industry is probably not a good idea , they say .
It is unclear at this point what impact the report will have on the legislation and anti-piracy measures as proposed by the PRO - IP Act .
The socio - spatial landscape of what we call the “ in - between city , ” includes that part of the urban region that is perceived as not quite traditional city and not quite traditional suburb ( Sieverts , 2003 ) .
This landscape trepresents a the remarkable new urban form where a large part of metropolitan populations live , work and play .
While much attention has been focused on the winning economic clusters of the world economy and the devastated industrial structures of the loser regions , little light has been shed on the urban zones in - between .
We view this new landscape with a particular view towards urban Canada .
Applying these concepts to a North American city , Toronto , Canada , we look specifically at the 85 square kilometers around York University , an area that straddles the line between the traditional suburb and the inner city .
A politics of infrastructure
When we speak of a “ politics of infrastructure ” , we refer to a growing awareness that involves political acts that produce the infrastructure policy for urban regions .
We therefore follow Colin McFarlane and Jonathan Rutherford ’s advice to open up “ the ‘ black box ’ of urban infrastructure to explore the ways in which infrastructures , cities and nation states are produced and transformed together ” .
This “ politicization of infrastructure ” involves the understanding of how infrastructure policies and planning are linked to “ the co-evolution of cities and technical networks in a global context ” ( McFarlane and Rutherford 2008 : 365 ) .
The politics that produced the ( public ) modern infrastructural ideal for the centres and the ( privatized ) modern infrastructural ideals for the peripheries , largely marginalized the role of d the in - between cities of our metropolitan regions .
They were left as residual spaces filled by thruways and bypasses .
But the increased significance of these spaces today commands our attention in new and inevitable ways .
In this sense , the politics of the in - between city suggests the need for a de-colonization from the forces that built the glamour zones at both ends of its existence : the urban core and the classical suburb or exurb .
The newest – 2006 – census figures in Canada reveal that 70 percent of the population live in metropolitan areas ( see note ) .
However , within those urban areas they increasingly live outside of urban cores in a new kind of urban landscape .
Interestingly , more Canadians also work in the suburban parts of metropolitan areas .
The number of people working in central municipalities increased by 5.9 percent from 2001 to 2006 whereas the number of people who worked in suburban municipalities increased by 12.2 percent .
Of course the growth of the traditional suburban kind continues , and while inner cities experience densification of office and condominium developments , much of the most dynamic growth areas are literally in - between .
But the picture in the old suburbs and the enclaves is a distinctly mixed one .
There are areas of aggressive expansion , for example around suburban York University in Toronto , where a New Urbanist - styled “ Village at York ” has added one thousand units of residential space .
Yet just one block away , the Jane - Finch district continues to lose both in economic standing and demographically and remains one of the designated “ priority neighbourhoods ” where the City of Toronto sees much room for socio-economic improvement .
Yet even as these in - between areas experience fast paced socio- spatial change , the realities of political and administrative power leave them marginalized .
The Steeles Avenue corridor at the northern edge of the York University campus , for example , is a major east - west thoroughfare at the border of two municipalities – Toronto and Vaughan – that has enjoyed little attention from the cities ’ investors and resident communities .
Planners in the two municipalities have only recently begun to think about redevelopment possibilities in the corridor , but their policy - making is largely in isolation from each other .
Just where the need for articulated urban infrastructure development is greatest , the capacity to act is least .
At the same time , the linear nature of public transit and other networked infrastructure which favour either mass concentration of jobs or housing or wealthy suburban enclaves – leaves many places that lie between designated destinations in a fallow land of unsatisfactory access .
This bias is corroborated by the political decision making processes .
No politician , planner or bureaucrat will champion public expenditure in the in - between zone , particularly if they are inhabited by or provide jobs to socially less powerful groups .
As a consequence , infrastructure built to connect centres actually disconnect those non-central spaces that lie in - between .
While highways link smart centres and movieplexes around the urban region , blue collar workers in the widespread facilities of the sprawling suburban Toronto industrial districts rely on irregular buses or van service to get them to and from work .
Empirically , our 85 sq km study area – partly in the City of Toronto and partly in the City of Vaughan – is home to about 150,000 people .
It is a place that is rich in social and physical complexities and contradictions .
Uneven access to different infrastructure is particularly visible in the poorly understood and under - recognized “ in - between city . ”
Casting light on the infrastructure problems of the “ in - between city ” is a necessary precondition for creating more sustainable and socially just urban regions , and for designing a system of social and cultural infrastructure that meets community needs .
How can renewal come to the politics of infrastructure in the in - between city ?
The question is how our respones to the global economic recession can effect these oft - neglected regions .
Will they reinforce the ways in which the in - between areas and their dependent populations have been marginalized or will they participate in the renewal ?
Note : Census Metropolitan Areas are defined as having a population of at least 100,000 .
References
McFarlane , Colin and Jonathan Rutherford ( 2008 ) Political Infrastructures : Governing and Experiencing the Fabric of the City , International Journal of Urban and Regional Research 32,2 ; 363-74 .
Sieverts , Tom ( 2003 ) Cities Without Cities .
Between Place and World , Space and Time , Town and Country .
London and New York : Routledge .
Roger Keil ( Dr. Phil , Frankfurt ) is the Director of the City Institute at York University , the Director of the Canadian Centre for German and European Studies , and Professor at the Faculty of Environmental Studies at York University , Toronto .
Keil ’s current research is on the global suburbanism , infrastructure in the Zwischenstadt , on cities and infectious disease , and regional governance .
Keil is the co-editor of the International Journal of Urban and Regional Research ( IJURR ) and a co-founder of the International Network for Urban Research and Action ( INURA ) .
Douglas Young is Assistant Professor of Social Science at York University where he teaches in the Urban Studies Program .
He is a former architect , municipal planner and developer of non-profit housing cooperatives .
He is co-author of a book about politics in Toronto , " Changing Toronto : Governing Urban Neoliberalism , " which was published in 2009 by University of Toronto Press , and co-editor of a forthcoming book , " In - between Infrastructure : Urban Connectivity in an Age of Vulnerability , " which will be published by Praxis ( e ) Press .
His current research interests include infrastructure in the in - between city , suburban renewal , and urban legacies of socialism and modernism .
Intrawest Buys Four More Years
Whistler - Blackcomb resort owner Intrawest ( and its parent company Fortress Investment Group ) has apparently swung successfully on the finance monkey bars once again and found a lender willing to not only pay off all their old loans , but also give them another four years to come up with $ 1.7 billion , according to a story on Reuters .
Details of the new loan were not released , but Intrawest , a unit of Fortress Investment Group ( FIG.N ) , said on Tuesday that all prior lenders had been repaid in full and the new loan does not mature until 2014 .
. .
Intrawest had been negotiating with lenders to refinance the $ 1.7 billion in debt taken on when Fortress purchased it in 2006 .
The earlier loans had been due in December .
Sounds like someone has a little more confidence than we do in Intrawest ’s ability to turn resort real estate into cold hard cash .
Hope there are some buyers , because they ’re definitely not going to make up $ 1.7 billion with lift tickets and green fees .
[ Link : Reuters ]
I 'm very excited to be releasing Cascalog as open - source today .
Cascalog is a Clojure - based query language for Hadoop inspired by Datalog .
Highlights
Simple - Functions , filters , and aggregators all use the same syntax .
Joins are implicit and natural .
- Functions , filters , and aggregators all use the same syntax .
Joins are implicit and natural .
Expressive - Logical composition is very powerful , and you can run arbitrary Clojure code in your query with little effort .
- Logical composition is very powerful , and you can run arbitrary Clojure code in your query with little effort .
Interactive - Run queries from the Clojure REPL .
- Run queries from the Clojure REPL .
Scalable - Cascalog queries run as a series of MapReduce jobs .
- Cascalog queries run as a series of MapReduce jobs .
Query anything - Query HDFS data , database data , and / or local data by making use of Cascading 's " Tap " abstraction
- Query HDFS data , database data , and / or local data by making use of Cascading 's " Tap " abstraction Careful handling of null values - Null values can make life difficult .
Cascalog has a feature called " non-nullable variables " that makes dealing with nulls painless .
- Null values can make life difficult .
Cascalog has a feature called " non-nullable variables " that makes dealing with nulls painless .
First class interoperability with Cascading - Operations defined for Cascalog can be used in a Cascading flow and vice - versa
- Operations defined for Cascalog can be used in a Cascading flow and vice - versa First class interoperability with Clojure - Can use regular Clojure functions as operations or filters , and since Cascalog is a Clojure DSL , you can use it in other Clojure code .
OK , let 's jump into Cascalog and see what it 's all about !
I 'm going walk us through Cascalog with a series of examples .
These examples all make use of the " playground " that comes with the project .
I recommend that you download Cascalog and follow along in your REPL ( only takes a few minutes to get up and running - instructions are in the README ) .
Basic queries
First , let 's start the REPL and load the playground :
lein repl
user= > ( use ' cascalog.playground ) ( bootstrap )
This will import everything we need to run the examples .
You can view the datasets we 're going to be querying by looking at the playground.clj file .
Let 's run our first query and find the people in our dataset who are 25 years old :
user= > (?<- ( stdout ) [? person ] ( age ?person 25 ) )
This query can be read as " Find all ? person for which ?
person has an age that is equal to 25 " .
You 'll see logging from Hadoop as the job runs and after a few seconds the results of the query will print .
OK , let 's try something more involved .
Let 's do a range query and find all the people in our dataset who are younger than 30 :
user= > (?<- ( stdout ) [? person ] ( age ? person ?age ) (< ?age 30 ) )
That 's pretty simple too .
This time we bound the age of the person to the variable ?age and then added the constraint that ? age is less than 30 .
Let 's run that query again but this time include the ages of the people in the results :
user= > (?<- ( stdout ) [? person ?age ] ( age ? person ?age )
(< ?age 30 ) )
All we had to do was add the ?age variable into the vector within the query .
Let 's do another query and find all the male people that Emily follows :
user= > (?<- ( stdout ) [? person ] ( follows " emily " ? person )
( gender ? person " m " ) )
You may not have noticed , but there 's actually a join happening in this query .
The value of ? person must be the same wherever it is used , and since " follows " and " gender " are separate sources of data , Cascalog will use a join to resolve the query .
Structure of a query
Let 's look at the structure of a query in more detail .
Let 's deconstruct the following query :
user= > (?<- ( stdout ) [? person ?a2 ] ( age ? person ?age )
(< ?age 30 ) (* 2 ?age :> ? a2 ) )
The query operator we 've been using is ?<- , which both defines and runs a query .
?<- wraps around <- , the query creation operator , and ?- , the query execution operator .
We 'll see how to use those later on to create more complex queries .
First , we tell the query where we want to emit the results .
In this case , we say " ( stdout ) " .
" ( stdout ) " creates a Cascading tap which writes its contents to standard output after the query finishes .
Any Cascading tap can be used for the output .
This means you can output data in any file format you want ( i.e. Sequence files , text format , etc. ) and anywhere you want ( locally , HDFS , database , etc. ) .
After we define our sink , we define the result variables of the query in a Clojure vector .
In this case , we are interested in the variables ? person and ?
a2 .
Next , we specify one or more " predicates " that define and constrain the result variables .
There are three categories of predicates :
Generators : A generator is a source of data .
Two kinds : Cascading Tap - for example , the data on HDFS at a certain path
An existing query defined using <- Operations : Implicit relations that take in input variables defined elsewhere and either act as a function that binds new variables or a filter Aggregators : Count , sum , min , max , etc .
A predicate has a name , a list of input variables , and a list of output variables .
The predicates in our query above are :
( age ? person ?age )
(< ?age 30 )
(* 2 ?age :> ?
a2 )
The :> keyword is used to separate input variables from output variables .
If no :> keyword is specified , the variables are considered input variables for operations and output variables for generators and aggregators .
The " age " predicate refers to a tap defined in playground.clj , so it 's a generator .
That means that the " age " predicate emits variables " ? person " and " ?age " .
The " < " predicate is a Clojure function .
Since we did n't specify any output variables , the predicate will act as a filter and filter out any records where ? age is less than 30 .
If we had specified :
(< ?age 30 :> ? young )
In this case , " < " will act as a function and bind a new variable ?
young as a boolean variable representing whether the person 's age is less than 30 .
The ordering of predicates does n't matter .
Cascalog is purely declarative .
Variables and constant substitution
Variables are symbols that begin with either ? or !.
Sometimes you do n't care about the value of an output variable and can use the symbol " _ " to ignore the variable .
Anything else will be evaluated and inserted as a constant within the query .
This feature is called " constant substitution " and we 've already been making heavy use of it so far .
Using a constant as an output variable acts as a filter on the results of the function .
For example :
(* 4 ?v2 :> 100 )
There are two constants being used here : 4 and 100 . 4 substitutes for an input variable , while 100 acts as a filter only keeping the values of ?v2 that equal 100 when multiplied by 4 .
Strings , numbers , other primitives , and any objects that have Hadoop serializers registered can be used as constants .
Let 's get back to the examples .
Let 's find all follow relationships where someone is following a younger person :
user= > (?<- ( stdout ) [? person1 ?person2 ]
( age ?person1 ?age1 ) ( follows ?person1 ?person2 )
( age ?person2 ?age2 ) (< ?age2 ?age1 ) )
Let 's do that query again and emit the age difference as well :
user= > (?<- ( stdout ) [? person1 ?person2 ?delta ]
( age ?person1 ?age1 ) ( follows ?person1 ?person2 )
( age ?person2 ?age2 ) (- ?age2 ?age1 :> ? delta )
(< ?delta 0 ) )
Aggregators
Now let 's check out our first aggregator .
Let 's find the number of people less than 30 years old :
user= > (?<- ( stdout ) [? count ] ( age _ ? a ) (< ?a 30 )
( c/count ? count ) )
This computes a single value about all of our records .
We can also aggregate over partitions of records .
For example , let 's find the number of people each person follows :
user= > (?<- ( stdout ) [? person ?count ] ( follows ? person _)
( c/count ? count ) )
Since we declared ?
person as a result variable of the query , Cascalog will partition the records by ?
person and apply the c / count aggregator within each partition .
You can use multiple aggregators within a single query .
They will run on the exact same partitions of records .
For example , let 's get the average age of people living in a country by combining a count and a sum :
user= > (?<- ( stdout ) [? country ?avg ]
( location ? person ? country _ _ ) ( age ? person ?age )
( c/count ?count ) ( c/sum ?age :> ? sum )
( div ?sum ? count :> ? avg ) )
Notice that we applied the " div " operation to the results of the aggregators for our final result .
Any operations that are dependent on aggregator output variables will execute after the aggregators run .
Custom operations
Next , let 's write a query to count the number of times each word appears in a set of sentences .
To do this , we are going to define a custom operation to use within the query :
user= > ( defmapcatop split [ sentence ]
( seq ( . split sentence " \\s + " ) ) )
user= > (?<- ( stdout ) [? word ? count ] ( sentence ?s )
( split ?s :> ? word ) ( c/ count ? count ) )
" defmapcatop split " defines an operation that takes a single field " sentence " as input and outputs 0 or more tuples as output .
deffilterop defines filter operations that return a boolean indicating whether or not to filter a tuple .
defmapop defines functions that return a single tuple .
defaggregateop defines an aggregator .
These operations can also be used directly with Cascalog 's workflow API - but that 's for another blog post .
Our word count query has the problem in that the same word will be counted differently if it appears with different combinations of uppercase and lowercase letters .
We can fix our query as follows :
user= > ( defn lowercase [ w ] ( .toLowerCase w ) )
user= > (?<- ( stdout ) [? word ? count ]
( sentence ?s ) ( split ?s :> ? word1 )
( lowercase ?word1 :> ? word ) ( c/ count ? count ) )
As you can see , regular Clojure functions can also be used as operations .
A Clojure function is treated as a filter when not given any output variables .
When given output variables , it is a map operation .
Operations that emit 0 or more tuples must be defined using defmapcatop .
Here 's a query that will return counts of people bucketed by age group and gender :
user= > ( defn agebucket [ age ]
( find - first ( partial <= age ) [ 17 25 35 45 55 65 100 200 ] ) )
user= > (?<- ( stdout ) [? bucket ? gender ? count ]
( age ? person ?age ) ( gender ? person ? gender )
( agebucket ?age :> ? bucket ) ( c/ count ? count ) )
Non-nullable variables
Cascalog has a feature called " non-nullable variables " that allows you to handle null values gracefully .
We 've actually been using non-nullable variables this whole time .
Variables prefixed with a " ? " are non-nullable variables , and variables prefixed with a " ! " are nullable variables .
Cascalog inserts null checks to filter out any records in which a non-nullable variable is binded to null .
To see the effect of non-nullable variables , let 's compare the following two queries :
user= > (?<- ( stdout ) [? person ?city ] ( location ? person _ _ ? city ) )
user= > (?<- ( stdout ) [? person ! city ] ( location ? person _ _ ! city ) )
The second query includes some null values in the result set .
Subqueries
Finally , let 's look at some more complex queries that make use of subqueries .
Let 's determine all the follow relationships in which both people follow more than 2 people :
user= > ( let [ many - follows ( <- [ ? person ] ( follows ? person _)
( c/count ? c ) ( > ?c 2 ) ) ]
(?<- ( stdout ) [? person1 ?person2 ] ( many - follows ?person1 )
( many - follows ?person2 ) ( follows ?person1 ?person2 ) ) )
Here , we use a let form to define a subquery " many - follows " .
The subquery is defined using <- , the query definition operator .
We can then make use of many - follows within the query we execute in the body of the let form .
We can also run queries that have multiple outputs .
If we also want the result of many - follows in the query above , we can write :
user= > ( let [ many - follows ( <- [ ? person ] ( follows ? person _)
( c/count ? c ) (> ?c 2 ) )
active - follows ( <- [?p1 ? p2 ] ( many - follows ?
p1 )
( many - follows ? p2 ) ( follows ?p1 ? p2 ) ) ]
(?- ( stdout ) many - follows ( stdout ) active - follows ) )
Here we define both of our queries without executing them .
We then use the query execution operator ?- to bind each query to a tap .
?- executes both queries in tandem .
Conclusion
Cascalog is being actively improved .
You can expect more features to allow for richer queries and query planner improvements to be added over time .
I 'd love to hear your feedback on Cascalog .
If you have any comments , questions , or concerns please leave a comment below , contact me on Twitter , send me an email at nathan.marz@gmail.com , or chat with me in the #cascading room on freenode .
See the next article to learn about more Cascalog features such as outer joins , sorting , and combiners .
You should follow me on Twitter here .
HOUSTON — A massive oil slick from a blown - out well in the Gulf of Mexico is expected to reach a Louisiana wildlife reserve Thursday night as it threatens an environmental disaster across four southern U.S. states .
The rig accident , which has pounded the share prices of energy giant BP Plc and other companies involved in the project , may also have ramifications for proposals in Congress and by President Barack Obama to issue new offshore drilling permits .
Obama said London - based BP was ultimately responsible for the cost of the cleanup but that his government would “ use every single available resource ” — including the military — to address the spill .
Louisiana , still recovering from the ravages of Hurricane Katrina in 2005 , declared a state of emergency as the growing slick appeared to be coming ashore much sooner than predicted .
“ We are expecting to see the first impact at Pass - a - Loutre ( Wildlife Management Area ) today , Chandeleur Islands on Saturday , ” said Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal .
The Coast Guard said the edge of the slick was just 3 miles from the Pass - a - Loutre reserve , a maze of waterways , marsh and sandbanks on the edge of the Mississippi Delta .
Earlier at a briefing in Washington , Coast Guard Rear Admiral Sally Brice - O’Hare had predicted the leading edge of the slick would make landfall in the Mississippi Delta “ sometime ” Friday .
The leak , after a rig leased by BP exploded last week , is spewing five times more oil than previously estimated and raising fears of severe damage to fisheries , wildlife refuges and beaches in Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama and Florida .
“ This is a spill of national significance , ” Janet Napolitano , the secretary of Homeland Security , told a news conference at the White House .
“ We will continue to push BP to engage in the strongest response possible . ”
Bill Nelson , a Democratic senator from Florida , said he was filing a bill to temporarily prohibit the administration from expanding offshore drilling , citing the risk of a potential “ environmental and economic disaster ” from the spill .
Shares in BP and Swiss - based rig company Transocean Ltd fell by more than 6 percent Thursday as investors feared a significantly higher cleanup cost .
BP is down more than 10 percent and Transocean is down nearly 14 percent since the rig explosion April 20 .
Oilfield services companies Cameron International Corp and Halliburton
Co saw their shares tumble on fears about their ties to the Deepwater Horizon rig .
Cameron , which supplied the blowout preventer for the rig , said Thursday it was insured for $ 500 million of liability , if needed .
Halliburton said it did a variety of work on the rig and was assisting with the investigation .
Shrimp fishermen in Louisiana filed a class- action lawsuit against BP , Transocean , Halliburton and Cameron late Wednesday , accusing them of negligence .
None of the companies had an immediate comment on the lawsuit .
The White House said Obama has been briefed on how the slick may interfere with shipping channels , which it said could affect tankers delivering petroleum to the U.S. market .
It was not immediately clear to what extent shipping in the Gulf could be affected .
While the Mississippi is a major export route for U.S. grains and the region is a significant importer of crude oil , there were no reports of disruptions .
The Louisiana Offshore Oil Port , which handles more than 1 million barrels a day of crude imports and is connected by pipeline to the biggest U.S. refining region , said it did not expect any effect on its operations , which remained normal .
But there are signs the spill will be worse than one in 1969 off Santa Barbara , California , that prompted a moratorium on oil and gas drilling off the Pacific and Atlantic coasts — a ban Obama has said he wants to modify .
The Obama administration did not rule out imposing a pause in new deepwater drilling until oil companies can show they can control any spills that may happen .
“ Everything is on the table , ” Deputy Interior Secretary David Hayes told reporters before Senator Nelson announced his legislation , adding it could take 90 days to install a relief valve to stop the leak .
Eleven workers are missing and presumed dead after the rig disaster , the worst in the United States in almost a decade .
Transocean ’s Deepwater Horizon rig sank April 22 , two days after it exploded and caught fire while the company was finishing a well for BP about 40 miles southeast of the mouth of the Mississippi River .
The daily leak from the well blowout is now estimated at 5,000 barrels or about 210,000 gallons .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
The Navy said it was supplying the Coast Guard with inflatable booms and seven skimming systems .
BP and the Coast Guard have mounted what the company calls the largest oil spill containment operation in history , involving dozens of ships and aircraft .
But they are struggling to control the slick from the leaking well 5,000 feet under the sea off Louisiana ’s coast .
After underwater robots failed to activate a cutoff valve to stop the leak , BP and the Coast Guard set a “ controlled burn ” Wednesday to try to prevent the slick from growing
Read more about :
THERMAL - They say crime does n’t pay .
For one robber in California , it did — but not much .
Authorities in Riverside County say a woman with a gun robbed 11 customers at a market and got away with $ 6 .
A Sheriff ’s Department statement says the woman was armed with a semi-automatic pistol when she went to La Chicanita Market in the town of Thermal on Tuesday afternoon , according to The Press - Enterprise newspaper .
Deputy Herlinda Valenzuela says the woman confronted 10 customers in the store and also demanded money from one person who was entering the market .
She then fled in an old car .
Nobody was hurt .
Stunning pictures of a solar corona where temperatures around Sun reach 2,000,000c
Advertisement
Shooting a million miles or more out into the hard , cold vacuum of space , this fiery halo is one of the wonders of the universe .
Whipped into gigantic swirls by the Sun 's ferocious magnetic fields , the shell of super - hot gas is as beautiful as it is dangerous .
It 's called a corona and can't normally be seen because of the brightness of the Sun , a broiling sea of hydrogen gas at 10,000 c .
But during a solar eclipse , the Moon blocks out the Sun and the corona is spectacularly revealed .
A photo montage captured during a solar eclipse over the Marshall Islands in July 2009 .
The beautiful image shows the solar corona that makes up the sun's ' atmosphere ' in amazing detail as the sun passes behind the Moon
This extraordinary image is a montage , digitally stitched together from 38 photos taken on the Marshall Islands in July 2009 by veteran eclipse hunter Miloslav Druckmuller .
Even though there are small pink areas resulting from over - exposure , the result is still the clearest picture yet of this extraordinary phenomenon .
To understand it is to come closer to grasping the awesome power of the Sun .
This flaming ball of hydrogen and helium gas , at 865,000 miles across , is 100 times wider than the Earth , with a million times its volume .
Powered by nuclear reactions in its core , it is the most majestic object in our skies .
This picture was created from 38 individual photographs at ISO 100 , exposure time was between 1/125 seconds and 8 seconds
As well as being very hot , the ionised gas of the corona ( called plasma ) has a superthin consistency .
It is less than a billionth of the density of the hydrogen that makes up the main ball of the Sun
As hot as the Sun is , the corona is 200 times hotter - more than a million degrees celsius .
Why this should be is a mystery .
Some believe it is the result of a form of heating called induction - the same thing that powers hi-tech cooking hobs .
As well as being very hot , the ionised gas of the corona ( called plasma ) has a superthin consistency .
It is less than a billionth of the density of the hydrogen that makes up the main ball of the Sun .
The odd result of this is that if , by some magic , you were to touch the corona , you would freeze rather than fry .
Despite its thinness , the corona can pack a deadly punch .
Occasionally , the Sun 's surface erupts in a solar quake , a paroxysm of gigantic storms and flares .
Sometimes these are powerful enough to eject vast blobs of corona gas into space at millions of miles per hour .
This was the view from the Marshall Islands for Mr Druckmuller where the pictures were taken .
He has travelled the world chasing eclipses
In 1859 , one such eruption hit the Earth square on , generating a brilliant aurora in the night sky ( bright enough to wake sleeping Gold Rush miners in the Klondyke ) and shorting out much of the world 's nascent telegraph system .
Though solar storms can't hurt humans directly , the 1859 event was powerful enough to melt copper cables .
Should such an event happen today , it would cause utter chaos and could well precipitate an economic meltdown .
Our electricity grids would be fried and phone and internet lines would be shut down .
But what 's the likelihood of that happening ?
Unfortunately , it 's impossible to say - though some scientists predict another corona eruption in the summer of 2012 , when the Sun is predicted to enter a new ' manic ' phase of turbulence .
A total eclipse is only seen along a narrow band on Earth that is covered by the Moon 's umbra
The planes are thundering overhead again ; last night thousands of exhausted passengers will at last have slept in their own beds .
The dust is settling and the airlines , even Ryanair , have accepted that they are legally obliged to meet the expenses of everyone inconvenienced by the plumes of volcanic ash .
Less fortunate are the hundreds more still trapped in distant locations and grim circumstances who flew with airlines that are not based in Europe .
Now the haggling will begin , not between weary passengers and the airlines whose balance sheets are already stretched between economic recession and soaring fuel prices , but between the airlines and their governments .
As usual , questions of risk and compensation make gritty bedfellows .
Real travellers scoff that travel has become so effortless , many of those caught up in the past week 's events will never before have experienced such a rude upset to their plans .
They may even come to realise that the journey home was more exciting than being there .
Just as well , because the ones who got back under their own steam are the ones who will find it hardest to get any compensation .
Magnified by the Easter break , the astonishing number of travellers and the variety of destinations , from girl guides in Marrakech to businessmen in Mumbai , became a breathtaking illustration of how commonplace air travel has become to a prosperous society .
In these circumstances , it seems perverse to expect European governments to bail out the airlines with what ultimately is taxpayers ' money .
After all , travel insurance is intended to compensate against just such an unexpected event , and already some firms have accepted that they will make payouts .
Others , however , say travellers should have studied the small print : volcanos are not on the list of catastrophes that they cover .
All European airlines , meanwhile , are ( reluctantly ) bound by EU regulation 261 which obliges them to compensate passengers for expenses they incur when they are delayed even in " extraordinary circumstances " .
Anecdotally , the regulation has been a disincentive to overbooking and sharpened up the way airlines care for their passengers .
But they insist it was not intended to cover the complete and prolonged shutdown of European airspace .
Now , encouraged by hints from the Department for Transport and rumours of support from the Conservatives ' Theresa Villiers , they have begun a campaign to get the regulation amended so that the EU solidarity fund , intended to support member states in the event of major natural disaster or terrorist attack , would bail them out .
Europe should treat the claim with caution .
( Posted 5:00 a.m. EST Monday , March 8 , 2010 )
By SKEETER SANDERS
Having lost control of both the White House and the Congress -- and under mounting pressure from the Far Right -- the Republican Party has been caught plotting to launch an aggressive campaign of stoking fears of the country moving toward " socialism " under President Obama and the majority Democrats in Congress to raise money for the upcoming midterm election cycle .
At the same time , a conservative group with ties to former Vice President Dick Cheney 's daughter Liz has come under fire for launching a blistering Web ad that questions the patriotism of seven Justice Department lawyers assigned to handle the cases of terrorism suspects -- branding the unnamed attorneys " the al - Qaida 7 " and mocking the DOJ as the " Department of Jihad . "
These two developments have prompted fierce accusations by liberals -- and even some former Bush administration attorneys -- that the GOP is stooping to outright fearmongering reminiscent of the infamous " Red Scare " whipped up in the early 1950s by late Senator Joseph McCarthy ( R - Wisconsin ) .
PLANS USED CRUDE IMAGE OF OBAMA IN WHITEFACE AS THE JOKER
The Republican National Committee was forced into damage - control mode after plans to raise money for the upcoming midterm election campaign by aggressively pursuing a drive to " save the country from trending toward socialism " under Obama were exposed by Politico.com , which obtained a copy of the plans .
Incredibly , the confidential 72 - page document , which was prepared by the party ’s finance staff , was left behind at the conclusion of a February 18 party retreat in Boca Grande , Florida .
It was picked up by a Democratic operative , who furnished it to Politico.com .
" What can you sell when you do not have the White House , the House , or the Senate ...? " the document asks .
" Save the country from trending toward Socialism ! " comes the reply .
Several of the document 's pages include crude caricatures of top Democratic leaders , including House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - California ) as Cruella DeVille from the Disney movie " 101 Dalmatians " and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nevada ) as the cartoon character Scooby - Doo .
Most controversial of all , however , was a caricature of Obama as the Joker , the psychopathic nemesis of Batman in " The Dark Knight . "
That caricature of the nation 's first black president in whiteface -- employed frequently by Tea Party movement activists -- has been denounced by critics of the Tea Party movement as racially offensive .
GOP FORCED INTO DAMAGE -CONTROL MODE AFTER LEAK
Revelation of the RNC fundraising document on Wednesday forced the GOP into full - scale damage - control mode , with RNC Communications Director Douglas
Heye frantically issuing an e-mail to major Republican donors and to the media to downplay its significance and seeking to distance GOP National Chairman Michael Steele from it .
" The document was used for a fundraising presentation Chairman Steele did not attend , nor had he seen the document , " Heye wrote in his e-mail .
" Fundraising documents are often controversial .
Obviously , the Chairman disagrees with the language and finds the use of such imagery to be unacceptable .
It will not be used by the Republican National Committee -- in any capacity -- in the future . "
By Sunday , Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R - Kentucky ) , confronted with the controversy , acknowledged that the fundraising presentation " was not helpful " to the party .
Appearing on ABC's " This Week , " McConnell said that he " ca n’t imagine why anybody would have thought that was helpful . "
McConnell refused to say whether he thought that Chairman Steele and others at the RNC should be held accountable for the document .
" I do n't run the RNC .
That 's up to them .
But I do n't like it , and I do n't know anybody who does , " he said .
BAD NEWS FOR RNC WHOSE COFFERS ARE DRYING UP
For Steele , the leak of the controversial fundraising document could not have come at a worse time .
The GOP national chairman has come under fire from major party donors unhappy with what they say is Steele 's lavish spending habits since he was elected party chairman 14 months ago .
The feud has led to major donors turning away from the RNC and toward other GOP committees .
Politico.com reported February 23 that the RNC has raised $ 24 million since Steele took over as chairman -- down significantly from the $ 46 million it raised in 2005 .
To make matters worse , according to campaign finance reports , a $ 23 million RNC surplus that Steele inherited when he took over has shrunk dramatically to $ 8.4 million a year later .
CHENEY GROUP'S AD BRANDS JUSTICE DEPARTMENT LAWYERS 'AL - QAIDA SEVEN '
Meanwhile , a growing number of critics on both the left and the right have denounced a vicious Web ad that attacks the Justice Department for its handling of terrorism cases .
The ad , posted by the right - wing group Keep America Safe -- which is led by Liz Cheney and Weekly Standard editor - in - chief Bill Kristol -- openly brands as " The al - Qaida 7 " seven lawyers hired by the Justice Department to handle terrorism - related cases who previously did pro bono work for Guantánamo detainees .
The ad demands that the identities of the seven lawyers be disclosed -- and even goes so far as to refer to the Justice Department 's initials , DOJ , as the " Department of Jihad . "
Posted on YouTube on March 1 , the ad has triggered a torrent of angry phone calls to Justice Department headquarters .
It came just days after Liz Cheney , appearing at the annual Conservative Political Action Conference in Washington , unleashed a blistering attack on the Obama administration , openly accusing the president of pursuing a dangerously misguided and ineffective approach to national security .
" We 've learned he [ Obama ] wants to go around the world and apologize for this great country of ours , " the daughter of the former vice president said .
" We 've learned he wants to give rights to terrorists , including the right to remain silent .
We 've learned he wants to move dangerous terrorists from Guantanamo onto the American homeland while he investigates and possibly prosecutes the CIA officers who interrogated them .
That is not change we can believe in . "
LIZ CHENEY ACCUSED OF JOE MCCARTHY - STYLE SMEAR
Such attacks by Cheney drew an equally blistering counterattack by Ken Gude , a national security expert at the Center for American Progress , a liberal think tank .
" It 's not kind of like McCarthyism , " wrote Gude in an e-mail to TalkingPointsMemo.com , " it is exactly what Joe McCarthy did with his anti-communist witchhunts .
Cheney accuses the Attorney General of the United States of being a supporter of al - Qaida and running the ' Department of Jihad . ' "
But Gude is n't alone .
Several prominent lawyers who worked for the Bush administration also blasted Cheney .
Former Solicitor General Ted Olson called Cheney 's attacks " outrageous " and fiercely defended the DOJ lawyers handling the terror - related cases , saying they were acting " consistent with the finest traditions of the legal profession . "
GOP TRIPS BACK TO MCCARTHY ERA TO REVIVE BLATANT FEARMONGERING
Devoid of fresh ideas to compete with the Democrats and to restore their own credibility , the Republicans -- under growing pressure from Tea Party activists and others to move even farther to the right -- appear to have decided to go " back to the future " sort to speak -- only in this case , back nearly 60 years to the fear - plagued 1950s .
That the new GOP aggressiveness would evoke memories of McCarthy 's demagoguery should surprise no one who is well - versed in American history .
The Wisconsin Republican 's career had been marked by making accusations without providing a shred of proof to back them up , according to author Arthur Herman 's 1999 book , Joseph McCarthy : Reexamining the Life and Legacy of America 's Most Hated Senator .
Even before his infamous anti-communist witchhunts , McCarthy came under sharp criticism in the late 1940s when he lobbied for the commutation of death sentences given to a group of Nazi soldiers convicted of war crimes for carrying out the 1944 Malmedy massacre of American prisoners of war .
McCarthy was critical of the convictions because of allegations of torture during the interrogations that led to the German soldiers ' confessions .
He charged that the U.S. Army was engaged in a cover -up of judicial misconduct , but never presented any evidence to support his accusations .
Shortly after this , a poll of the Senate press corps voted McCarthy " the worst U.S. senator " in office .
McCarthy shot to national prominence on February 9 , 1950 , when , while delivering a speech to the Republican Women 's Club of Wheeling , West Virginia , he produced a piece of paper that he claimed contained a list of known communists working for the State Department .
MCCARTHY EXPLOITED FEARS GENERATED BY THE COLD WAR
From 1950 until he was censured by the Senate in 1954 , McCarthy continued to exploit the fear of communism and to press his accusations that the Truman and later Eisenhower administrations were failing to deal with communists within its ranks .
These accusations were made without McCarthy furnishing a shred of evidence to back them up , yet they received wide publicity , increased his approval rating , and gained him a powerful national following .
It was Herbert Block , the longtime editorial cartoonist for The Washington Post , who coined the term " McCarthyism " as a synonym for demagoguery , baseless defamation , and mudslinging .
Later , it would be embraced by McCarthy himself and some of his supporters .
" McCarthyism is Americanism with its sleeves rolled , " McCarthy said in a 1952 speech , and later that year he published a book titled McCarthyism : The Fight For America .
By 1954 -- his demagoguery exposed by the legendary CBS newsman Edward R. Murrow and the televised Army - McCarthy hearings that same year -- many of McCarthy 's fellow senators had had enough .
On June 1 , Senator Ralph Flanders ( R - Vermont ) blasted McCarthy , comparing him to Adolf Hitler and accusing him of spreading division and confusion .
" Were the junior senator from Wisconsin in the pay of the Communists , " said Flanders , " he could not have done a better job for them . "
It was Flanders who introduced the Senate resolution that called for McCarthy 's censure .
The resolution passed on December 2 , 1954 by a vote of 67 to 22 , a greater - than - two - thirds majority in the then - 96 - member Senate ( Alaska and Hawaii had not yet been admitted to the Union ) .
McCarthy never recovered from his rebuke , either politically or physically .
He plunged into alcoholism and died from cirrhosis of the liver in 1957 .
# # #
Copyright 2010 , Skeeter Sanders .
All rights reserved .
March 16 , 2010 -- Dogs , used for companions , search and rescue efforts and to aid the handicapped , have added parachuting to their list of skills .
Austria 's explosive sniffing dog joined NATO forces in Norway 's Operation Cold Response exercises .
Strapped to his handler , the dog plunged 10,000 feet from a transport plane over Narvik , Norway .
The Austrians ' Belgian Shepherd dogs appeared to be perfectly calm both before and during the jump , according to a reporter with Central European News agency .
" They do n't perceive height difference the same way humans do , so that does n't worry them .
They 're more likely to be bothered by the roar of the engines , but once we 're on the way down , that does n't matter and they just enjoy the view . "
One handler explained to CEN .
Some 8,500 soldiers from 14 nations participated in Norway 's Operation Cold Response .
The three - week exercise ran from February 17 to March 4 in Northern Norway and included special operation forces , conventional forces , NATO units , and marines .
Dogs , just like their human colleagues , are regarded as valued team members and are n't put into situations that could prove unnecessarily dangerous .
One operation trooper even said the new four - legged trainee " has a much cooler head than most recruits . "
Vestas has won the largest single order ever in the history of the company .
The contract , signed with EDP Renováveis ( EDPR ) , calls for the delivery of up to 2,100 MW of turbines .
The deal was signed after a competitive process launched more than one year ago in Chicago .
The order , which is a Master Supply Agreement ( MSA ) for delivery of up to 2,100 MW , consists of an order for supply , installation and commissioning of wind turbines with a total capacity of 1,500 MW to be delivered to North America , South America and Europe in 2011 and 2012 with the possibility to be extended by an additional 600 MW exercisable in 2010 and 2011 .
The agreement also includes a two - year service and maintenance agreement extendable to five or ten years , with a subsequent Technical Assistance Agreement for an additional period .
During a demanding competitive process , Vestas was selected among other major wind turbine manufacturers around the world .
The differentiating factor has been the company ’s ability to provide the best global value to fit EDPR ’s short and medium - term strategic business goals , the company said .
“ Through this agreement , EDPR contracts from Vestas the wind turbine technology that optimises productivity factors and the total cost of ownership , enabling EDPR to have a competitive edge within the wind developing industry , ” said Ana Maria Fernandes , CEO of EDPR .
“ It has been a long and highly competitive process which today materialises in the signing of this agreement , which will further improve EDPR ’s positioning in the industry . ”
The MSA , one of the largest global wind turbine orders ever announced worldwide , supports Vestas ’ Triple15 targets , i.e. achieving € 15 billion in revenues and 15 percent EBIT margin no later than in 2015 .
The arrest of the Michigan - based Hutaree Militia has drawn worldwide attention , and in so doing surfaced one of the knottiest issues we face as a culture to which religious freedom and free speech are so central :
How do we think about and describe religiously - motivated violence ?
The Hutaree ’s plans to murder a police officer and use IEDs to attack the funeral procession in order to catalyze an uprising against the federal government was shocking and made headlines around the world .
Their action plan , while preposterous on its face , is not terribly surprising , and is in many respects a logical outgrowth of the eschatology of a wide swath of the Christian Right .
But what has been most striking to me is the media ’s high - profile use of the term “ Christian militia . ”
This suggests to me that a tectonic shift may be underway in our underlying culture and politics as we continue to struggle with how to acknowledge the realities of actual and threatened religiously - motivated violence in the United States .
Until now , of course , the elephant in the room has been our double standard , at least since 9/11 .
We ’ve had little difficulty acknowledging religious motivations when Muslims are involved , but it ’s been rare to find the word “ Christian ” modifying terms like “ militia ” and “ terrorism ” in mainstream discourse .
Faith - Based Terrorism ?
In 2003 , I reported on the trial of convicted serial anti-abortion terrorist Clayton Waagner for Salon.com .
Even the fiercely pro-life Attorney General John Ashcroft described him as a terrorist .
Waagner had FedExed envelopes of white powder purporting to be anthrax to some 550 reproductive rights groups and clinics .
In a manifesto published on the Web site of the anti-abortion Army of God , he declared himself to be “ God ’s warrior ” and a “ terrorist , ” and threatened to kill as many abortion providers as he could .
Waagner ’s threats arrived during the same period when real , post - 9/11 anthrax attacks on media outlets and Congress killed five people .
In some cases , whole city blocks were evacuated when Waagner ’s pacakges were opened .
People were stripped and hosed down with Clorox by hazmat teams in protective gear .
I quoted several people who agreed that the term “ Christian terrorist ” is practically taboo ; even as the term “ Islamic terrorist ” was ubiquitous .
The same double standard would have applied to militias .
I do n’t recall the term “ Christian militia ” ever being used , even if a group ’s motives could be fairly described as religious .
Chip Berlet , senior analyst at Political Research Associates ( a progressive think tank in Somerville , Massachusetts ) agreed that the press stayed away from reporting the Waagner trial in droves .
“ Once somebody claims a religious motivation for an act of terrorism , ” he said , “ most people , including reporters and editors , become unglued . ”
If Waagner had been a self - identified Muslim terrorist instead of a Christian terrorist , Berlet observed , “ he ’d have been lynched by now . ”
Ann Glazier , then the director of clinic security at Planned Parenthood Federation of America told me , “ The notion of Christian terrorists is a place people do n’t want to go .
And the notion of there being more than one Christian terrorist is a place where people also do n’t want to go . ”
Reporters and editors often “ fear to offend , ” added Berlet .
“ But if it ’s fair to say if we can see the religious motivations in the Taliban , we ought to be able to see them in Waagner or [ Olympic Park and abortion clinic bomber ] Eric Rudolph . ”
He notes that although Waagner and his associates in the Army of God “ represent a tiny fraction of the wider Christian right , people do n’t know how to make sense of it . ”
And reporters , he says , “ walk away from it . ”
Interestingly , an Army of God supporter named Chuck Spignola wrote a letter to the editor of Salon , agreeing with me .
“ In ‘ The Quiet Fall of an American Terrorist , ’ Frederick Clarkson rightly identified Clay Waagner , Eric Rudolph , and James Kopp as Christian terrorists . ”
Spignola went on to praise Christian terrorists as the cream rising to the top of churchgoing Christians .
A longer version of the letter was published on the Army of God Web site .
As recently as this past week , we saw the double standard in action .
Scott Roeder ( the man convicted of the murder of Dr. George Tiller , an abortion provider in Wichita , Kansas ) was mostly described in the media as an anti-abortion extremist or anti-abortion militant , terms that fail to convey the depth and breadth of his views and the reasons for his crime .
At his sentencing Roeder said that in murdering Dr. Tiller , he believed he was acting to enforce “ God ’s Law . ”
Roeder , as part of his statement to the court , read from the posthumously published book by Rev. Paul Hill , a Christian Reconstructionist who viewed himself as a “ Phineas Priest ” — a kind of biblical vigilante assassin — who was executed for the murder of a Florida abortion provider and his security escort .
Hill also believed in the need for militias and for a theocratic Christian revolution .
But one would not know all that to read mainstream press accounts .
And while the sentencing was massively covered by national and international media , it would have been fair to describe Roeder as a “ Christian terrorist , ” though the media did n’t go there ; he was described neither as a Christian nor as a terrorist in any of the news or broadcast accounts I could find .
In the ’90s , other terms were used to describe what we might now call Christian militias .
The most famous militia group at the time , The Michigan Militia , had views similar to those of the Hutaree .
It was founded and led by a Baptist minister named Norm Olsen and a deacon of his church , and they ’d made an indoctrination video of its chaplain addressing new recruits explaining that abortion necessitated the founding of the militia .
Nevertheless , it was typically described as “ anti-government . ”
And while that was certainly fair , ( as it would be to describe the Hutaree militia as anti-government ) , it also tended to obscure the indisputable religious motivations of this and many other militia groups large and small .
Reporting on these groups at the time also tended to downplay their religious eschatology .
The shorthand descriptions of such groups and individuals sometimes depends on the context .
Some fall under the category of “ hate groups , ” and their acts as “ hate crimes . ”
While these terms can be useful , they too can obscure religious motivations .
For example , the once - infamous Aryan Nations group referred to itself as the Church of Jesus Christ , Christian , and its leader was Rev. Richard Butler , a minister in one of the sects generally referred to as Christian Identity .
The uneven evolution of our thinking about these things , and the language we use to describe them , casts fresh light on how we use other shorthand terms in this complex and fraught dimension of public life .
The term “ faith - based , ” for example , we use more or less synonymously with “ religious ” and as substitutes for such terms as “ ecumenical ” and “ interfaith . ”
It has become a warm and fuzzy term used for glossing over religious differences , both for reasons of inclusiveness and to conceal exclusion .
But we would never describe the Aryan Nations as a “ faith - based ” hate group or the Hutaree as a faith - based militia , or Clayton Waagner as a “ faith - based terrorist . ”
The rise of the term “ faith - based ” is probably closely related to our difficulty in ascribing religious motivations to hate and violence , unless of course it is the religion of foreigners with whom we are at odds or at war .
Such characterizations can be taken as highly inflammatory .
Terms like “ Christian militia ” or “ Islamic terrorism ” can suggest that terrorism and militias are more characteristic of these enormous and highly - varied religious traditions than is the case .
And there are certainly those who do not hesitate to exploit such opportunities .
At the same time , the current use of the term “ Christian militia ” suggests to me at once a certain inevitability ( since the Hutaree feature their religious identity on their Web site ) and a certain maturity in our collective ability to acknowledge the reality of the situation without hyperbole or inappropriate defensiveness with regard to the use of the term — Christianity — that fairly describes the majority of religious believers in the United States , for all of their extraordinary diversity .
That said , regarding diversity among Christians in the U.S. , we have no central ecclesiastical authority to define who and what is and is not Christian .
Lacking common definitions can affect our responses to the likes of Clayton Waagner , Scott Roeder , and the Hutaree .
For example , liberal Washington Post columnist Eugene Robinson wrote regarding the Hutaree : “ I put the word Christian in quotes because anyone who plots to assassinate law enforcement officers , as a federal indictment alleges members of the Hutaree militia did , is no follower of Christ . ”
Of course the Hutaree might say the same thing about Robinson .
Scott Roeder certainly did not view Dr. Tiller as a Christian , even though he was serving as an usher at Sunday service at the Lutheran Church when he shot him in the face .
[ For further discussion see Gary Laderman ’s What Do ‘ The Christians ’ Believe ?
Easter Reflections from a Non-Christian , and then Biblical Inerrancy : Responses to “ What Do ‘ The Christians ’ Believe ? ” —ed . ]
RD contributor Chip Berlet , correctly I believe , wrote that the ideas of the Hutaree are analogous to those of such Christian Right leaders as Tim LaHaye and Pat Robertson .
But if we follow Robinson , shall we say that LaHaye and Robertson are not followers of Christ ?
Or do people stop being Christians only when they commit or are alleged to have planned to commit violent crimes ?
If so , having appointed ourselves as the arbiters of apostasy , we then cannot describe such people as Christian terrorists or Christian militias because by definition they have auto - excommunicated themselves .
Finally , what terms we use depends on the occasion .
While the media term of choice for the Hutaree was “ Christian militia , ” federal prosecutors have carefully avoided religious references .
Assistant US Attorney Ronald Waterstreet , who summarized the case in court , insisted that the charges “ are n’t about a religion or the militia .
It ’s a group of like - minded people who decided to oppose the authority of the United States by using weapons and force . ”
Similarly in the indictment he described the Hutaree as “ an anti-government extremist organization ” whose members wear a patch on their uniform that includes a cross and the initials CCR .
The indictment did not explain that the name Hutaree meant “ Christian warrior ” and that CCR stands for “ Colonial Christian Republic . ”
“ The Hutaree ’s enemies , ” the indictment continues , “ include state and local law enforcement authorities deemed to be ‘ foot soldiers ’ of … the new World Order . ”
Of course , ‘ foot soldiers for the New world Order ’ does not help anyone understand that the Christian warriors of the Hutaree saw themselves as fighting an end - times battle with the agents of the Antichrist .
For their purposes , they may not need to .
But even as the feds sought to elide references to religion , they certainly opened the door to draw on the full palette of possibilities in their vision of end times religious war , since the indictment also said that the Hutaree ’s enemies list includes “ anyone who does not share their beliefs . ”
The Best .... rated by reviewers and users MusicBee is rated one of the best music managers and players available for Windows .
It packs features that will WOW you .
We have a dedicated thread for users to share their experience or check reviews from trusted sources .
Start using MusicBee today .
You will never go back .
The poll was conducted in March , as Toyota was being roiled by nightmarish publicity over its recall of more than eight million vehicles around the globe and allegations that it responded sluggishly to safety concerns .
If you would like to support our work writing and maintaining the teaching resources on this site please click on the donate button and follow the online instructions - thank you for your contribution
Ron Paul is a long - shot for the Republican nomination for president by any standard , but a Rasmussen poll finds him in a statistical tie with President Barack Obama .
The survey , released Wednesday by the conservative - leaning organization , finds Obama edging out Paul by 42 points to 41 in a hypothetical 2012 matchup .
Eleven percent said they would prefer a different candidate , while 6 percent were undecided .
ADVERTISEMENT
Rep. Paul ( R - TX ) has rankled the GOP and conservative establishment with his opposition to its big - spending ways and penchant for war , but has garnered an ardent following of small - government libertarians from across the nation .
His anti-war statements at last weekend ’s Southern Republican Leadership Conference were met with a mixture of cheers from his fans and boos from the mainstream crowd .
Refuting a central Republican talking point , he said Obama was a “ corporatist , ” not a “ socialist . ”
Paul won the Conservative Political Action Conference straw poll in February and fell second to likely 2012 hopeful Mitt Romney by a single vote at SRLC .
He ran unsuccessfully for the GOP nomination in 2008 .
The results of this study will surely be questioned as Rasmussen has been widely criticized by liberals for allegedly gaming its polls to boost conservatives and Republicans while downplaying progressives and Democrats .
While Rasmussen claims its methods are different only in that it polls likely voters , observers have pointed out that its surveys consistently show higher marks for conservatives over liberals than any other accredited polling group .
ADVERTISEMENT
Although Obama ’s poll numbers have considerably declined in the last year , a recent CNN survey found that he remains the most popular political figure nationally .
Unlike Paul , he commands a large majority of support within his party .
The study ’s margin of error is 3 percentage points .
It was conducted by Rasmussen on April 12 - 13 over the phone with 1,000 “ likely voters . ”
Prostitution Investigation Requires 19 - Month Investigation
I ’ve been meaning to get to this story in the Seattle Times about charges finally being filed in the case of the owner of a massage parlor .
She is accused of advertising and promoting prostitution .
Specifically , providing “ happy endings ” to clients and encouraging employees to do the same .
What I found particularly interesting from the story :
Vivian Ellis , who is also known as Rainbow Love , 44 , of Marysville , was arrested in May 2009 at the conclusion of a nearly 10 - month investigation by Seattle police . …
A female detective working undercover interviewed for a job at the Greenwood location , charging papers say .
…
Prosecutors said the charges came nine months after the arrest because additional investigation was required .
Now think about this for a moment .
Law enforcement in my state , Washington , just spent up to 19 months investigating a “ crime , ” including the use of an undercover agent .
How much money did that cost ?
19 months of labor for police , detectives and under cover agents is not cheap – all while our state is facing a multi-billion dollar deficit and virtually every local municipality is struggling .
Now , I do n’t blame the police or the DA for this .
Let ’s be clear , the police can set priorities , and I do n’t think this was a wise judgment of priorities , but the police cannot pick and choose which laws they enforce .
The blame for this kind of non-sense falls squarely on our law makers .
Can someone please explain to me why prostitution ought to be a crime ?
Stupid , sure .
Immoral , without a doubt .
But illegal ?
On what basis ?
From a Christian perspective , which I share , it ’s morally wrong .
But then again , so is all sex outside of marriage .
That ’s a concept that many of my Christian friends seem to forget .
Even if the Bible held out prostitution for particular ridicule or condemnation , we could not make laws for that reason alone under the 1st and 14th amendments .
Why is porn ok , but prostitution not , when they are effectively the same thing .
Arguably porn is worse because the scale involved is much larger .
Logically , why is it ok to pay someone for sex in front of a camera , but take away the camera and do it in private and it suddenly criminal behavior .
Government should no more prohibit prostitution than it does other sex acts , such as sodomy .
How is prostitution any worse than what goes on in every bar and club on any given night of the week ?
It ’s ok to get a girl drunk in hopes of getting sex , but if she is compensated for the same no -strings attached sex both parties become criminals .
It seems to me that the only issue here is money .
Porn is sold in retail shops which are easy to tax .
Granted , if legalized , prostitution would likely occur in large brothels .
But it would also likely occur in private homes and hotels , as it does now .
And that ’s just too hard to tax .
This prohibition seems to come from an attitude that if it creates wealth and is hard to tax , it should be illegal .
And that ’s not how the government of a free state should operate .
To be clear I do n’t condone prostitution .
It is , in my view , stupid and immoral .
But those are my views and I should be free to not associate with hookers and johns .
Instead the government takes money from me at gun point in order to prosecute those who engage in this behavior .
I love debate , and I honestly have an open mind on this issue .
I do n’t like prostitution and I ’d love to be convinced that there is a genuine societal interest that out weighs individual liberty on this issue .
Unfortunately , I do n’t see that .
If you can think of a reason , please leave it in the comments .
I know that my past few posts have been bleak ( see here and here ) , but now I must temper that sense of despair with some hope .
Things are bad , and will probably get worse , but that ’s not to say that they will not get better .
But here ’s the trick : we all have to stop relying upon someone else for solutions .
Forgive me if I sound like a politician for just a moment : we must “ be the change ” we want to see in the world .
I cannot tell you how to solve the peak oil problem , or the unfolding economic collapse , or climate change , or the corruption which has become endemic in our political system– you have to figure it out for yourself .
I ’m not selling a prepackaged kit which contains all of the answers , and I would probably distrust anyone who was .
But that ’s precisely why I still have hope .
If we are going to make it through the challenges facing us , we must learn to pull together again as a community and actually attempt to create our own solutions .
There can be no more delegation to those in Washington .
We cannot afford to wait for decades as they attempt to muster the political will to combat the flood of money which has so damaged our electoral and political processes .
We simply do n’t have time to fix the system that ’s been damaged beyond repair .
As Dr. Michael Mills of Loyola put it :
Generally it is healthy to be optimistic .
But optimism can be deadly if it produces a Pollyannaish denial of real problems .
We should not ignore problems by assuming “ someone else ” will take care of it , or that “ the market ” or “ technological breakthroughs ” will always come to the rescue in time .
Those who are learning about Peak Oil for the first time often go through at least a few of the 5 stages of grieving ( denial , anger , bargaining , depression , and acceptance ) , and often begin to see the world in a whole new way .
Katherine McMahon is a clinical psychologist , and she explains how she felt upon learning about Peak Oil :
As I looked around , I began to see the world with a ‘ before and after Peak Oil ’ view .
I would say to myself “ We wo n’t have that around anymore after Peak Oil . ”
The more I looked around , the more things I realized would go , like plastics or bananas .
The more I looked into becoming more self - sufficient , the more awe I felt .
How ‘ easy I had it . ’
I realized how ignorant I was about skills that were commonplace in my grandmother ’s era .
At times I became overwhelmed at the amount of information I do n’t possess .
I got dizzy trying to figure out what I needed to know , what I needed to store , and what would continue to be available to me for a long time to come .
I watched myself go through a wide range of emotions .
I went through periods of denial , and attempted to find believable critics .
My commitment to changing my life would wane .
I would work diligently on a permaculture project , and watch my spending carefully , then “ forget ” and go out to dinner or buy something useless .
I ’d feel hopeful and elated , followed by feelings of depression and worry .
I ’d become busy and determined , only to find myself overwhelmed and frozen later in the week .
My actions seemed ‘ irrational ’ to the pre-Peak Oil mental health professional in me , and looked ‘ crazy ’ to those who were unaware , disinterested , or rejected the concept of PO .
But not to the Peak Oil Shrink in me .
I was n’t insane .
I was trying to come to grips with a future cultural transformation that was to be so dramatic , so overwhelming , it disturbed my equilibrium and challenged my very sense of reality .
It was normal for me to want to talk about what I learned to those I cared about .
But how ?
How do you tell those you love that their entire world view will soon be overturned ?
No one likes to hear bad news , but this news was catastrophic .
I decided that I would talk to them calmly , share only bits of information , and based on their responses , decide whether or not to keep the conversation going .
Some friends instantly understood the concept , and were eager to read more about Peak Oil .
They were in the minority .
Others were willing to be supportive of me , but had no intention of doing anything differently themselves .
Still others refused to even discuss the issue with me once I introduced it .
The more urgently I wanted to share , the more rejecting they became .
I searched the Peak Oil sites and the internet to find out more about the kind of feelings and reactions I was having .
I found people talking about their own individual reactions to learning about Peak Oil .
I ’d read : “ Ya , I know , I went through the same thing when I first heard … ” and I ’d think , “ Yes , I felt that way , too ” but none of my colleagues were talking about it .
No one was saying “ That ’s a normal reaction to learning about Peak Oil ” because nobody knew what a normal reaction was .
In fact , as a psychologist , I know what my Pre-Peak Oil reaction might have been if a client began to describe ‘ the end of the world as we know it ’ and all the action they were taking to mitigate the impact .
Several diagnostic categories would fit neatly .
I ’d ask about their family life , and how they were getting along at work .
I ’d want to learn what led them to this dreary view of their future .
So if you were shocked by learning about Peak Oil , or if you are still in the “ denial ” phase , know that you are not alone .
Others have been there before you , and many more will come after you as the collapse becomes increasingly apparent .
Even in the movie Collapse , which is undoubtedly one of the darkest movies I ’ve ever seen , there are glimmers of hope .
At one point in the movie , Mike Ruppert , the star of the documentary , says that he wishes everyone could see what we [ those who are aware of Peak Oil ] see .
The opportunity presented by Peak Oil is amazing , and it ’s already bringing out the very best in people .
Peak
Oil devotees are creating a world with more social justice , with more environmental responsibility , with more community and local support– and they are having fun along the way .
New movements are finding momentum in the midst of the collapse .
“ Transition towns ” are popping up around the country , seeking to create communities which are truly sustainable .
The open - source movement is not just for software anymore– “ Open Source Ecology ” is a movement “ dedicated to the collaborative development of tools for replicable , open source , modern off - grid “ resilient communities . ' ”
There are websites with detailed preparedness and planning information , there are books and e-books dedicated to the subject , as well as online forums for discussing and commiserating about the problems and opportunities facing us .
Whether motivated by concerns about the environment , awareness of Peak Oil , or due to economic constraints imposed by being one of the new “ permanently unemployed ” , many are finding that frugality and a return to traditional skills is extremely rewarding .
Blogger Dave Eriqat calls it being “ reborn ” :
Planning for the “ collapse ” these past five years has utterly changed my life , for the better .
It has weaned me off the consumerist model of living , taught me what ’s important in life and what is not , learned me what is good and what mistakes to avoid , such as getting into debt .
It has forced me to embrace austerity and scale down my expectations , which has taught me how to live a good life without consuming and spending .
In a sense I feel as if I have been reborn , but with the wisdom and experience to “ start over ” and build a better life .
I wish everyone could enjoy a similar awakening and renaissance in the coming years , although I know the sad reality is that most people will probably face an arduous struggle for which they are unprepared .
I second his emotions , and also want to express how deeply rewarding and satisfying it can be to take responsibility for one ’s own life in new ways .
Many people are finding that a simpler life with a focus on quality ( of experience ) over quantity ( of consumer goods ) naturally gives them a more complete life , with an increased sense of their place in a community .
Several months ago , I responded to a survey on the topic of lifestyle changes in response to climate change / Peak oil .
Those results were released this week , and there is much to be hopeful about .
While acknowledging that there are some barriers to change , there are tremendous benefits which also accrue :
The good news is that it has n’t been all hard times for these lifestyle leaders .
Many changes have made their lives better , like adopting a low - energy and local diet , gardening ( which was frequently described as “ fun ” ) and walking and bicycling more .
More than three - quarters of respondents reported greater happiness satisfaction or personal growth since embracing new ways of living .
An amazing 68 % of respondents had begun a garden in order to produce their own food , a statistic I ’m extraordinarily happy to be a part of .
The joy of having spaghetti in the dead of a frigid Midwestern winter made from sauce that my wife and I personally canned , made from tomatoes that we personally grew , is rewarding and fulfilling in a way that a jar of grocery store sauce never could be , especially when I see headlines like these :
The farmers that I have come to know as I ’ve become more involved in the local foods movement are genuinely great people .
Their enthusiasm for the quality of their products is infectious , and I never have to worry as I see recall after recall of factory foods announced .
Given that the problems facing us are so intertwined , perhaps it should n’t be surprising that the solutions are heavily interconnected as well .
Consider some of the benefits of adapting oneself to the reality of Peak Oil :
Keeps money in the local economy
creates local jobs
you know you should be eating more fruits and vegetables anyway , why not make sure they ’re delicious , organic , and safe too ?
diminished carbon footprint
increased sense of community
decreased consumerism
increased self - esteem
There are many more benefits , and I ’m realizing new ones all the time .
Our new insistence on eating healthy and local foods has led to us cooking more meals at home .
We can easily double the recipe , and then we have food to take to work for lunch , saving even more money .
All this money saved has enabled us to choose only premium ingredients , which have an unbelievable impact on the quality of the meal .
I may be biased , but I believe the quality of the meals that my wife and I make rivals that of the finest restaurants .
Well , maybe not the finest restaurants in the world , but certainly the finest in Omaha !
So turn off your TV , start a garden , learn to cook , ride your bike to work , or take any of hundreds of steps which will serve you well whether Peak Oil is truly here or not .
You may just find that you develop a new appreciation for the “ quality life . ”
The Middle East has no shortage of conflicts to worry the rest of the world : the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , the nuclear ambitions of Iran , the stalemate between Israel and the Palestinians .
And now , add an old trouble spot to that list : Lebanon .
On the one hand , Lebanon ’s economy grew by a dizzying 9 % last year , the strongest pace of any country in the region .
Its feuding religious and political factions have joined in a power - sharing agreement that seems stable .
And it ’s even selling itself , with some success , as a chic destination for European and American tourists .
But as I discovered on a visit to Beirut last month , the Lebanese are certain all this good fortune ca n’t last .
They ’re convinced -- not without reason -- that the confrontation between the U.S. and Iran will spill over into another war between Israel and Lebanon .
Just inside Lebanon ’s southern border , where Israel and the Shiite Muslim militia Hezbollah went to war in 2006 , Iran and its ally , Syria , have been helping Hezbollah rearm .
The radical militia , which runs southern Lebanon as its own mini-state , reportedly has obtained Iranian - made missiles that can reach Tel Aviv , and Hezbollah ’s leader , Sheik Hassan Nasrallah , has promised to strike at Israel at a time and place of his choosing .
Advertisement
Israel is n’t taking the threat lightly ; its pugnacious foreign minister , Avigdor Lieberman , recently warned that Israel might use the next war to try to topple Syria ’s authoritarian regime .
For all the saber - rattling , both sides are still being careful at this point .
There have been no recent cross - border raids , no errant missiles from either side .
The Lebanese government has complained about Israeli overflights , but its troops have n’t shot anything down .
But this delicate equilibrium could easily be upset .
If Israel attacks Iran ’s nuclear facilities , the Lebanese believe Hezbollah will respond by starting a war on Israel ’s northern border .
Alternatively , if the U.S. and its allies impose tough sanctions on Iran , as the Obama administration wants , that could lead to war too : Iran could push Hezbollah to start a fight merely to entangle the West in another costly , distracting crisis .
Advertisement
It ’s not just the Lebanese who are worried .
In a speech earlier this year , Obama ’s national security advisor , retired Marine Gen .
James L. Jones , noted that “ when a regime is feeling pressure . . . it often lashes out through its surrogates -- including , in Iran ’s case , Hezbollah in Lebanon .
. . .
As pressure on the regime in Tehran builds over its nuclear program , there is heightened risk of further attacks against Israel . ”
Lebanon ’s fragile domestic political system does n’t seem capable of preventing the larger forces around it from starting a war .
The Cedar Revolution -- the popular uprising that sought to turn Lebanon into a Western - oriented democracy after the 2005 assassination of Prime Minister Rafik Hariri -- has stalled over the last couple of years .
It succeeded in forcing Syria to withdraw from Lebanon in 2005 and in holding free elections in 2005 and 2009 .
But it seems to have met its match in Hezbollah , which has enough muscle on the ground to maintain its own military alliances with Syria and Iran whether the government in Beirut likes it or not .
Lebanon ’s government today is an ungainly coalition led by Hariri ’s son , Saad Hariri .
( In Lebanon , even democratic parties are dynastic . )
The Cabinet includes Hezbollah and other pro-Syrian factions , and they hold veto power over major decisions .
Last month , Hariri quietly made peace with the man who probably ordered his father ’s assassination , Syrian President Bashar Assad .
Advertisement
“ It was necessary , ” Hariri told me in an interview .
“ It contributed to stability . ”
Once , Hariri ’s movement was mostly about political reform ; now , hemmed in by Syria and Hezbollah , it is focusing on stability and economic growth instead .
Democratic political reform gets lip service , but it ’s on a back burner .
Lebanon ’s political structure is as traditional as it ’s ever been : Government jobs are allocated by religious sect .
If a revolution is under way , it ’s a revolution of lowering expectations .
Obama is still backing Lebanon ’s government with military aid and offering “ engagement ” to Syria as he has to Iran .
The United States is sending an ambassador to Damascus this year for the first time since the elder Hariri ’s assassination .
So far , though , Syria has n’t offered much in return .
Advertisement
“ My main job is to unite people , ” Hariri , a Sunni Muslim like all Lebanese prime ministers , told me .
“ You push reform softly . ”
Like his father , he ’s hoping that economic growth will enable the government to deliver basic services such as education and electricity -- and that , in turn , will “ gently ” pave the way for political reform .
“ If people have something to lose , they will protect it , ” he said .
Hariri is the opposite of a firebrand .
When he took office last year at 39 , he stumbled over the formal language of his first speech in parliament .
But when I met him in a less formal setting -- on the terrace of a mansion in the hills overlooking Beirut -- he was at ease and in command of his brief .
But not in command of his country ’s top priority .
What does Lebanon need most ?
I asked .
Advertisement
“ Peace , peace and peace , ” he said .
doyle.mcmanus@latimes.com
Washington ( CNN ) --
The House of Representatives passed a slightly altered health care " fixes " bill Thursday night , completing legislative action on President Obama 's top domestic priority .
The so - called " fixes " bill , approved by a 220 - 207 vote , now goes to Obama to be signed into law .
It makes changes in the broader health care reform measure that Obama enacted Tuesday .
Approval by both the House and Senate on Thursday concluded a tortuous legislative struggle for the health care reform legislation , which received no Republican support in any of the major votes in either chamber dating back to last year .
How will health reform affect you ?
" This is a very proud night in the history of this Congress , " House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer told reporters , adding he expected Obama to sign the measure next week .
Thursday 's vote " completes the process of a bill that has been in the making literally for a century , and certainly for decades , " said Hoyer , D - Maryland .
The " fixes " bill also included provisions to shift government funding for student loans away from commercial banks to new education initiatives .
Until now , commercial banks have received federal subsidies for student loans .
Earlier Thursday , Senate Republicans forced two minor provisions involving the student loan funding to be stripped from the bill -- changes that required the House to take up the bill a second time but had no effect on the broader health care bill that took effect Tuesday .
A Senate Republican Budget Committee memo said the violations raised by GOP senators involved Pell grant spending that wo n't immediately affect the federal budget , and therefore was ineligible for inclusion in the measure .
That 's because the measure was being passed under reconciliation rules , which apply only to budget - related measures .
After the changes , the Senate approved the bill on a 56 - 43 vote to send it to the House a second time .
On Sunday , the House passed both the overall health care bill and the accompanying fixes bill as part of a complicated legislative process necessary to overcome unanimous Republican opposition .
Republicans used every parliamentary tool available to try to undermine both the overall health care bill and the fixes measure .
They forced the Senate to begin deliberations on a series of proposed amendments starting Wednesday night .
The Senate did not adjourn until 2:45 a.m. Thursday .
The Senate reconvened at 9:45 a.m. to consider additional GOP proposals which , among other things , were designed to force Democrats to cast unpopular votes in the run-up to November 's midterm elections .
The Democrats ' fixes bill was necessary to get a reluctant House to pass the Senate 's health care reform measure unchanged .
If there had been any changes to that initial bill , it would have had to go back to the Senate for another vote , which almost certainly would have failed .
Since a special election earlier this year in which Democrats lost the Senate seat formerly held by Sen .
Ted Kennedy , the party has not had enough votes to overcome a Republican filibuster .
That situation prompted the two - bill strategy Democrats are using .
After passing the Senate bill without changes , House Democrats passed the fixes bill Sunday to alter provisions they did not like .
Because the bill was being handled under the reconciliation rules in the Senate , only 51 votes were needed for passage .
The compromise package added more than $ 60 billion to the overall plan 's cost partly by expanding insurance subsidies for middle - and lower - income families .
Specific provisions included :
• Closing the Medicare prescription drug " doughnut hole " by 2020 .
Under current law , Medicare stops covering drug costs after a plan and beneficiary have spent more than $ 2,830 on prescription drugs .
It starts paying again after an individual 's out - of - pocket expenses exceed $ 4,550 .
Senior citizens stuck in the doughnut hole this year will receive a $ 250 rebate .
• Raising the threshold for imposing the so - called " Cadillac " tax on expensive health insurance plans to coverage valued at more than $ 10,200 for individuals and $ 27,500 for families .
The tax wo n't kick in until 2018 .
• Imposing an additional 3.8 percent Medicare payroll tax on investment income for individuals making more than $ 200,000 a year and couples making more than $ 250,000 a year .
• Eliminating a special exemption for the state of Nebraska from all new Medicaid expenses -- known as the " Cornhusker Kickback . "
The federal government will instead assist every state by picking up 100 percent of the costs of expanded Medicaid coverage between 2014 and 2016 , and 90 percent starting in 2020 .
• Reducing the fine for individuals who do not purchase coverage from $ 750 to $ 695 .
• Increasing the fine on large companies failing to provide health coverage for workers from $ 750 to $ 2,000 per employee .
The compromise package would add more than $ 60 billion to the overall plan 's cost partly by expanding insurance subsidies for middle - and lower - income families .
It also would expand Medicare 's prescription drug benefit while scaling back the bill 's taxes on expensive insurance plans .
Among the GOP amendments to the fixes bill defeated by Democrats were a provision to eliminate new penalties being imposed on businesses whose workers use federally subsidized insurance .
In addition , Sen . Tom Coburn , R - Oklahoma , proposed that drugs for erectile dysfunction , such as Viagra and Cialis , be prohibited to sex offenders , and Sen. John McCain , R - Arizona , sought to strike so - called " sweetheart deals , " such as an extra $ 300 million in Medicaid funds for Louisiana .
Republicans are " not serious about helping this bill , " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nevada , said Wednesday .
They are concerned only with " throwing roadblocks in front of anything we do . "
Republicans raised points of order against the fixes bill on two provisions , and the Senate parliamentarian ruled them legitimate .
Democrats lacked the 60 votes necessary to override the ruling .
CNN 's Ted Barrett , Tom Cohen , Alan Silverleib , Lisa Desjardins and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .
We 're going to be talking about bow fishing in Wisconsin .
Again , as always , check your local areas and regs to insure that you 're in compliance .
The two main species targeted are carp and suckers .
These are " rough fish , " and it 's good for all if their populations in our rivers and lakes are controlled -- that 's where bow fishing comes in .
Here are the basics – actually , bow fishing is all pretty " basic .
" Equipment you 'll need : A bow -- you can use whatever you have -- just make sure that it 's set from 20 to 30 pounds .
Nothing stronger .
Arrows :
Heavy fiberglas with a special bowfishing tip on it , which consists of two , two inch barbs which spring out upon striking the fish , to form a " backwards V " thereby preventing the arrow from being pulled out by any fish movement .
Attach a 100 to 200 pound test , thin diameter , high strength fishing line to your arrow .
You hook the line up to the arrow through a hole below the " nock " in the arrow , which is attached to a reel hooked up to your bow ( there are any number of excellent bow fishing reels made – and they 're not that expensive ) .
Then there 's the " boat " you 'll need .
Best bet is a simple Jon boat -- flat bottomed and easily maneuverable .
Most bow fishing addicts ( and bow fishing IS addictive ! ) build or buy an elevated " stand " for placement on either the front or the rear of the Jon boat .
If you fish at night ( we 'll get into that ) , you 'll need a set of halogen lights powered by a small generator which you 'll place in the boat .
You can fish 24/7 -- both day and night .
If you fish during the day , you 'll move slowly around shallow water ( one to three feet deep ) and back bays .
The carp ( 99 % of what you 'll get are carp – and they can go over 40 pounds -- with big suckers secondary ) hang out in shallow , dirty , mucky water .
And the action can be furious .
Do n't think for a moment that a big carp is n't a challenge .
It is .
Lots of bow fishing addicts prefer the night time hours .
It 's quiet .
The water is calmer .
Not much wind , usually , and you 'll spot a lot of critters -- which is terrific -- muskrat , beaver , raccoons , among others .
You turn on your halogen lights and scout the same shallow areas .
While many carp and suckers stick to deeper water during the day , they all come in shallow at night .
That means you may see hundreds upon hundreds of fish .
It 's non-stop , until your arms feel like they 're going to fall off .
By the way , in Wisconsin at least , you can not LEAVE the fish .
You must take them with you .
And that 's OK , because many give the fish to farmers who use them as fertilizer .
And many an eagle or osprey will spot them in a field and grab them .
And that 's all good .
When shooting fish in the water with a bow , it 's a lot different than shooting something on land .
There 's a different angle , and the reflective traits of water mean that it 's almost like seeing an illusion when you a spot a fish .
If you aim right at the fish , you 'll miss .
They 're further " down " or " away " than you think .
If you aim below the fish , and allow for the difference caused by the water 's light refraction , it 'll be " game on . "
And for sure , however you 'll try to follow this simple " rule , " you wo n't -- at least initially -- and you 'll miss -- until you 've practiced enough to get the proper " angle " to shoot at .
After you hit the fish , you just reel it in -- easier said than done , with maybe a 40 - pound carp on the other end .
Some old timers pooh - pooh the reel bit , and just pull the fish in hand - over - hand .
Better use gloves if you do that , one quick run by the fish and your hands can be shredded by the line .
Guide Phil Schweik says that bow fishing starts as soon as ice is out , and continues throughout the year , with warm summer nights being particularly popular , echoing the guffaws and laughter of men and women who are enjoying the " best of both worlds " -- hunting with a bow , while fishing , the excitement of hitting a huge carp that fights like all get - out – and ridding our waters from the overpopulation of invasive rough fish .
" Win /win " all the way down the line .
And Phil says that anyone who bow fishes just once , become figuratively " hooked " for life .
He says he 's seen this happen time and time again .
MKV is becoming more and more popular these years .
As a video lover , you may have downloaded many .
MKV files on computer .
The question is how to convert .
MKV files to other popular video file formats like HD video , AVI , MP4 , MPEG , WMV , MOV , VOB , etc , so that we can watch them and put them on portable devices such as iPod , iPhone , Zune , PSP , Zen , iRiver , Xbox , Apple TV , etc .
This Guide shows you how to convert MKV video with Tipard Video Converter Ultimate , which is an easy way to complete the MKV video conversion .
Matroska 's MKV " universal " Container is described by its developers as " the extensible open standard Audio / Video Container . "
This translates to a multimedia Container designed to support practically any type of video or audio stream you might care to use .
MKV stands for Matroska Video .
Step 1 : Download and install Tipard MKV Video Converter .
Step 2 : Add file to Tipard MKV Video Converter interface .
There are three ways to put your files on it .
Method One : Click " Add File " , it would pop up one window , and select you want to convert file on this window .
Method Two :
At the top of the drop menu , click " File " , then select " Add File " to import MKV files .
Method Three : Drag the file to Tipard MKV Video Converter interface directly .
Step 3 : Choose profile
Tipard MKV Video Converter can easily convert MKV files to AVI , MPG , MP4 , 3GP , HD videos , etc .
And extract audio from MKV and other videos to AAC , AC3 , AIFF , MP2 , WMA , WAV , etc .
Select proper format according to your need .
Note :
Before you start the conversion , you can define the video and audio settings .
Click the " Settings " button to open the Settings window .
In the Video Settings , you can select Encoder , Frame Rate , Resolution and Video Bitrate to convert your movie .
Moreover , you can also directly input your own resolution as the form of " XXX * XXX " ;
In the Audio Settings , you can select Encoder , Channels , Bitrate and Sample Rate to convert your movie .
You also can save all the output settings as your preference , which is saved in the user - defined column automatically .
Tips :
Tip 1 : Edit video effect
Click " Effect " button on the top of the interface to pop up the video edit effect window .
Brightness : Drag and click the Brightness adjustment bar to set the brightness of the video .
Contrast : Drag and click the Contrast adjustment bar to set the contrast of the video .
Saturation : Drag and click the Saturation adjustment bar to set the saturation of the video .
Deinterlacing : when you convert the interlaced video formats such as 720i,1080i , for you to obtain better output videos , you can set the Deinterlacing function to avoid the mosaic .
Tip 2 : Trim video
Click " Trim " button on the top of the interface to pop up the video edit trim window .
Tipard QuickTime Video Converter provides you three methods to trim your video length .
Method 1 : Enter the start time in the Start Time box and click OK , then enter the end time in the Set End Time box and click OK .
Method 2 : Drag the scissors bars under the preview window when you want to trim , then the time will be shown in the Start Time box and End Time box for your reference .
Method 3 : Click " Trim From " button when you want to begin your trimming .
Click " Trim To " button where you want to stop your trimming .
After you set trim time , the length of the captured clip will be shown in the Select Length box for your reference .
Tip 3 : Crop video
Click " Crop " button on the top of the interface to pop up the video edit crop window .
Tipard QuickTime Video Converter allows you to remove the black edges around your movie video and customize the size of video play region .
There are three methods available to crop your video :
Method 1 : Crop by selecting a crop mode
Method 2 : Crop by adjusting the crop frame
Method 3 : Crop by setting the crop values
There are four crop values on the lower right part of the crop window : Top , Bottom , Left and Right .
You can set each value to crop your movie video , and the crop frame will move accordingly .
You can also set the output aspect ratio from the Zoom Mode according to your need .
There are four choices available : Keep Original , Full Screen , 16:9 and 4:3 .
Tip 4 : Snapshot :
Click " Snapshot " button on the right bottom of the preview video window and the current picture in the Preview window will be captured and saved .
Click " Folder " button to open the folder where the captured images are saved .
As default the captured image will be saved at users '
My Documents \Tipard Studio\Snapshot .
Click " Preference " menu , you can reset the snapshot folder and the type of your captured image : JPEG , GIF or BMP formats .
Tip 5 : Preferences
Click " Preferences " menu to adjust the settings related to conversion
It includes the output folder , snapshot folder , image type , conversion done , CPU usage .
Step 4 : Convert
After all the steps above are done , click the right button on the interface to start to convert MKV video .
A national environmental group is focusing attention on a San Francisco program that transforms human waste into backyard compost , calling the program little more than a scheme to sling toxic toilet sludge back at the people who produced it .
The hullabaloo is over a program by the San Francisco Public Utilities Commission , which once a year distributes biosolid compost to gardeners , school groups and homeowners for free .
The commission claims the compost is heat - treated fertilizer that is as good as the stuff sold in gardening stores .
But the Organic Consumers Association insists that the sacks given out to San Franciscans contain a stew of excrement and toxic chemicals from the sewer .
" The problem with sewage sludge or the euphemistic term ' biosolids ' that they use is that all of this is hazardous material that potentially contains thousands and thousands of contaminants , " said John Stauber , a member of the group 's advisory board and the author of several articles and a book on sewage sludge .
" Everything that goes in the sewer potentially ends up in it . "
The San Francisco PUC has largely dismissed the criticisms , saying the levels of toxins found in the compost are well below federal and state standards .
" We are giving away highly treated , heat - pasteurized biosolids , " said Tyrone Jue , spokesman for the Public Utilities Commission .
" It has been tested for metals and pathogens and is basically sterile . "
High - profile protests
The consumers association and another nonprofit environmental group , the Center for Food Safety , staged a protest on March 4 in San Francisco , where demonstrators dumped the compost on the steps of City Hall .
The organizations sent a letter to Mayor Gavin Newsom demanding a halt to the distribution of the soil - like material , which they believe contains heavy metals , pharmaceuticals , flame retardants and other hazardous material .
The leaders of the group are concerned children and others who touch the compost might swallow or absorb chemicals into their bloodstreams .
They are also afraid that food grown in the stuff could be contaminated .
The dustup has since spread to Berkeley where the group last week picketed Chez Panisse and criticized the restaurant 's famous chef , Alice Waters , for allegedly turning a blind eye to the PUC 's antics .
The demonstrators accused Francesca Vietor , the executive director of the Chez Panisse Foundation , of " actively promoting sewage sludge , " because she is also a PUC commissioner .
Stauber has claimed that tests conducted by his organization found dioxins , flame retardants and other chemicals in the compost , but he has declined to release comprehensive results .
" They have chosen not to release those tests to the public or us , " Jue said .
" Yet they are willing to stand in front of a camera and say our biosolids are toxic .
How can we even respond to this if they are n't releasing their information to be analyzed ? "
Waters , too , hit back , accusing the group of engaging in a smear campaign that " shamelessly misrepresented her position . "
The Chez Panisse Foundation accused Stauber of knowingly repeating " false accusations " against Vietor .
" Mr. Stauber and the OCA have attempted to taint the reputations of Alice Waters and Francesca Vietor , both of whom have long and outstanding records as environmental advocates , " the foundation said in a statement .
" Alice Waters believes deeply in organic farming and gardening .
Her 40 years of advocacy on this issue speak for themselves . "
The issue is a complicated one .
Composting has for decades been considered an ecologically sound way to recycle eggshells , lettuce and other food waste .
Soil naturally breaks down such material , almost as if it was the Earth 's microbial liver .
The San Francisco PUC began the composting program in 2007 in an effort to help the environment and reduce the city 's carbon footprint by eliminating dump truck trips .
Compost chemistry
The program uses about 20 tons of the 82,000 tons of solid material removed from the city 's sewage every year .
The treated waste is taken to a regional composting facility in Merced County , where it is mixed with green yard waste and heated to 130 degrees for 30 days , Jue said .
The end product is touted by the PUC as a valuable source of nutrients that can be used to improve soil fertility , plant growth and lessen the need for synthetic sprays .
Yet critics insist that the process does not neutralize heavy metals , pesticides or drug residue .
Exacerbating the problem is the fact that the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency requires the compost be tested for only nine pollutants , about 1 percent of the hazardous materials that can be found in sewage .
Dioxins , flame retardants and PCBs are not among the chemicals tested .
Experts , including Hugh Kaufman , an EPA waste management official , have urged people not to grow food in sewage sludge .
Despite this , Stauber said , schoolchildren , organic gardeners and landscape architects in San Francisco are free to use the sewage compost .
EPA scientists are conducting studies to determine whether other chemicals should be tested in biosolid compost .
Still , one EPA expert said there is no evidence that San Franciscans are in any kind of danger if they use the compost .
" None of the sewage sludge produced in California has tested hazardous under the national standards , " said Lauren Fondahl , the biosolids coordinator for the EPA 's Pacific Southwest Region .
" About 1 percent has tested hazardous under the stricter California standard .
San Francisco is well under both standards . "
Jue said the PUC is conducting comprehensive tests for potentially toxic chemicals in addition to what the EPA requires and intends to make those results public .
" We want to be good environmental stewards , " Jue said .
" We understand there are additional concerns about biosolids , which is why we are willing to openly work " with the EPA and environmental groups .
" But to arbitrarily attack us and not share the data behind that attack I think seriously undermines the credibility of these environmental organizations . "
This story has been changed since it appeared in print .
If you ’ve been trapped in an ice cave for the last 13 years , you might want to hold on to something when I say this :
Ace of Base is no longer the hottest act in music .
Oh , and that loveable niche computer maker , Apple ( Nasdaq : AAPL ) , the one that was getting bailed out by Microsoft ( Nasdaq : MSFT ) in 1997 ?
Yeah , it ’s now bigger than General Electric ( NYSE : GE ) .
Shocking , huh ?
Even though Apple ’s been climbing up the list of the largest American companies for years , it ’s still a bit stunning to hear :
As of last Friday ’s close , Apple was the third most valuable company in the U.S.
It ’s since slipped back to the fourth position , but the list below shows the regal company Apple ’s keeping as it skyrockets up the list of the most valuable American companies .
Top 10 U.S. Companies by Market Cap
Company Recent Market Capitalization ( Billions ) 1 . ) ExxonMobil ( NYSE : XOM ) $ 318.2 2 . ) Microsoft ( Nasdaq : MSFT ) $ 259.7 3 . ) Wal - Mart ( NYSE : WMT ) $ 213.1 4 . ) Apple $ 203.7 5 . ) Berkshire Hathaway $ 203.3 6 . ) General Electric $ 194.1 7 . ) Procter & Gamble $ 185.1 8 . ) Google ( Nasdaq : GOOG ) $ 180.1 9 . ) Johnson & Johnson $ 179.3 10 . ) JPMorgan Chase ( NYSE : JPM ) $ 173.4
Source : Capital IQ .
Prices reflective of March 18 closing price .
Put another way , here ’s a chart of Apple ’s enormous growth over the past 10 years .
Source : Capital IQ , a division of Standard & Poor’s .
Apple ’s success has been the result of reinventing itself .
It ’s moved away from just “ the Mac maker ” into a diversified consumer electronics company .
Apple not only managed to produce one of the greatest products of the first half of the decade ( the iPod ) , but it also followed that up by creating the greatest success story of the second half of the decade ( the iPhone ) just as the iPod was reaching its apex .
A look at the chart below shows how Apple has shifted away from Mac and iPod sales over the past three years .
Source : Company filings .
Uses revised quarterly data to adjust for change in new revenue accounting principles .
A little seasick at these levels
Still , as impressive as the Apple story has been , it rightfully leaves many investors a bit uneasy .
Even if the company matches up more favorably on valuation metrics than many investors would expect ( for example , its forward P/E is roughly equal to Procter & Gamble ’s ) , there ’s a certain sniff test that Apple still fails .
Most other companies on the market cap list feature decades of dominance in their respective industries , and a near assurance of their continued success .
ExxonMobil has been around in one form or another since the beginning of the last century .
Wal - Mart has ruled retail for decades .
These are companies that have huge scale advantages ; there ’s no foreseeable way their dominance will be challenged in the near future .
The road to $ 300 billion
Meanwhile , Apple ’s riding a wave of confidence from a string of blockbuster products .
On a relative scale , it ’s still a flash in the pan .
Investors are concerned not only about whether it can protect its current line - up from competition , but also whether it can keep the hits coming .
As Motley Fool co-founder Tom Gardner recently said during a discussion about Apple , “ It ’s a great company , but I ’m not sure how they keep growing .
How do they become a $ 300 billion company ? ”
With that in mind , what needs to go right for Apple to become the largest technology company in the world ?
Simply put , it needs to become the Microsoft of mobile .
In many ways , the mobile race is similar to the PC battle of the ‘ 80s .
In one corner we have Apple , packaging its hardware and software in a limited number of systems .
In the other corner , there ’s Google ( replacing Microsoft ) , licensing out software to any number of hardware vendors .
Apple could actually learn from Microsoft .
It needs to be more than just the best smartphone on the market right now .
Microsoft never controlled the operating - system market because it was the best -- it won because it locked users in , and most people essentially had to use its products .
Microsoft has released some real clunkers over the years , but it took few hits from them .
Likewise , even though Apple ’s unparalleled in its commitment to quality - unlike a certain competitor we just discussed -- with a price tag that implies sustainable long - run dominance , Apple needs a margin of safety to ensure that even with a hiccup or two , it will continue to rule the mobile world .
The $ 300 billion question
So it all boils down to one question :
How well can Apple lock users into its ecosystem ?
As developers continue building apps at rates far in excess of competing platforms and more users synch their digital lives around iTunes , you can see Apple creating a platform that ’s sustainable well beyond just the next upgrade .
From there , no company possesses a virtuous circle like Apple .
Higher iPhone market share begets high - margin sales of apps and media , as well as increased Mac sales .
Given the size of the smartphone market , the margins Apple collects from each iPhone , and the boost to other Apple products , you can see a path to $ 300 billion forming .
But can Apple become the Microsoft of mobile ?
Already , there have been pushes to make programming for different app stores more interchangeable between platforms .
While early attempts seem laughable at best , this is just the first round of a protracted battle .
More importantly , how much will app stores really matter in three years ?
While they ’re tremendously important in the current generation of smartphones , future smartphones might be more open , leaving the need for an app store diminished thanks to technology changes or adapting consumer tastes .
Apple does n’t need the market share of Microsoft ’s Windows to justify an enormous market cap , but it ’s clear that its competitive position will always be more tenuous .
And that ’s the bottom line .
The more Apple can look like the Microsoft of the mobile world , the more it will be worth .
Commanding a market with even half the dominance Microsoft did with operating systems is a once - in - a - generation opportunity , but I ’m not so sure the mobile world is built in a way that ’ll allow that .
Care to agree or disagree ?
Have some other thoughts on how Apple can keep growing to $ 300 billion ?
Let me know in the comment box below !
On Saturday , amid the cacophony of firecrackers and other pyro-noise , most of China will be up all night to welcome in the Year of the Tiger .
Here in the north , that will mean televisions blaring , watermelon seeds cracking , mah - jongg tiles clacking and , most important , people wrapping and eating dumplings .
Northern Chinese eat dumplings on New Year ’s the way Americans eat turkey on Thanksgiving ( southerners have a whole different set of New Year eating traditions , relying more on sticky rice things ) .
Dumplings resemble the ingots that once were China ’s currency , so eating them brings hope of an auspicious and fortunate year .
Some cooks even stuff a lump of sugar in a dumpling to ensure sweetness , and sometimes , a coin is hidden inside .
If you do n’t break a tooth , you ’re considered lucky for the year .
Dumplings seem to have been around forever -- visitors can see fossilized dumplings found in an ancient tomb at the Turpan Museum in Xinjiang province .
However , their origins remain shrouded in folk tales .
During the Han dynasty , it is said that Zhang Zhongjing , one of China ’s most revered doctors , treated patients with frostbitten ears with a tonic of medicinal herbs and lamb wrapped in dough .
He also fed his patients a soup containing two dumplings that were said to resemble a pair of ears .
If you ’ve ever seen a boiled dumpling with all its funny folds and wrinkles , just add some imagination , and the story takes on multiple meanings , like so many things Chinese .
Though a lot of delicious tradition gave way to modernization and construction for the 2008 Olympics , small eateries serving dumplings remain plentiful in Beijing .
Here , boiled jiaozi are called shui jiao ( water dumpling ) and are served with black vinegar , sometimes spiked with chile , sesame oil or soy sauce .
Just about every restaurant in Beijing makes its dumplings to order and at ridiculously low prices , $ 1 or less for a full plate .
Dumplings are sometimes sold by the half - dozen , other times by weight and with a dizzying array of fillings such as lamb and pumpkin , or pork and fennel , tomato and egg and the Beijing classic : pork and cabbage .
Why would anyone make his own ?
Customized filling
To find out , I go to Wang Ming Jun ’s apartment in Haidan , the western part of Beijing .
She is nicknamed Lao Yi , which means “ Old Aunt , ” but she is the youngest old aunt anyone might meet .
She ’s 50 with the energy of a 20 - year - old and has made dumplings since she was a little girl .
Lao
Yi tells me with her sharp R- studded Beijing accent that the reason you make dumplings yourself is so you can customize your xianr ( filling ) .
Choosing her own stuffing is important to Lao Yi. Unlike many Chinese , her husband and son eschew pork , preferring beef instead .
And because local beef -- raised on the grasslands of Inner Mongolia -- tends to be so lean from grazing and moving around , she adds oil to the filling mix to ensure it is n’t dry .
A splash of rice wine counters any gaminess , and a considerable amount of water or broth keeps the meat juicy and moist .
Lao
Yi whips the meat in one direction with chopsticks , essentially emulsifying it , the way you ’d make mayonnaise .
All the ingredients , including liquid and fats , are suspended with no binders .
Some recipes call for starch or egg , but there ’s really no need .
The filling becomes very wet and soft .
The final addition of chopped leeks and ginger or other vegetables gives texture , flavor and more moisture .
When it comes to wrapping , the pretty pleated folds that I grew up with go out the window at Lao Yi ’s house .
Her boiled dumplings are not pretty things ; they are all about the texture of the dough and the flavor of the filling .
Although steamed dim sum can be works of sculpted art , a plate full of boiled dumplings in Beijing is like a plain girl with a wonderful personality .
In China , the flour for making dumplings and noodles is a special blend that ’s fine as talc , softer than American flour .
I find the Chinese flour makes a whiter , smoother dough , but in the end , both will work well .
Using bleached American flour , my dumplings remain a grayish color , but that ’s nothing more than vanity , like whitened teeth .
Both have great chew and flavor -- the things that really matter .
Not like home
While growing up in my household in southern China , we drizzled soy sauce on our dumplings , sometimes a dusting of white pepper and maybe some chile paste , but Beijingers dip theirs in black rice vinegar , often by itself .
I personally like a little heat and I also find soy sauce tones down the sharpness , which I ’m still not used to .
What I do n’t find in Beijing is my mother ’s dumplings .
She came from the seafood - abundant south , and her pork and shrimp filling was all I knew as a child .
But her dumplings were actually huntun , sometimes called yuntun and better known as wontons .
Over the years , I ’ve graduated toward an all - shrimp filling laced with crunchy fresh water chestnuts .
And that ’s the reason to make your own dumplings -- so you get what you want .
That and getting the perfect dumpling skin .
In the U.S. , most store - bought wrappers are too thick for wontons , but too thin for dumplings .
Worst of all , they ’re devoid of all the characteristics of a great homemade wrapper , something worth making at least once in your life .
Food has a greater meaning than just sustenance , and that ’s particularly true in China .
It ’s one of the few ways to express love and sincerity in a society where emotion and affection are rarely displayed .
And in a country where parents are often separated from their children for better work opportunities , the New Year ’s reunion takes on an even deeper meaning .
For many , the humble act of wrapping and eating dumplings for the start of a new year is much more than a meal , it ’s a family celebration that shares joy , love and togetherness .
food@latimes.com
Update : Police announced that they arrested Barrett ’s neighbor late Thursday afternoon and charged him with murder in connection with Barrett ’s slaying .
Rankin County Sheriff Ronnie Pennington told The ( Jackson , Miss . )
Clarion - Ledge that Vincent McGee , 22 , had done yard work for Barrett .
Barrett was stabbed to death and his body set on fire .
Though McGee is black , police have not revealed whether Barrett ’s racism played a role in the killing .
Richard Barrett , a longtime white supremacist leader who generated more publicity than influence , was found dead this morning in his Pearl , Miss. , home , apparently the victim of a homicide .
Firefighters discovered his body in a bathroom after neighbors reported a fire at Barrett ’s home around 8 a.m. , according to news reports .
Few details have been released about the incident , which is under investigation by local , state and federal authorities .
Though Barrett , a lawyer , never became a major leader in white supremacist circles , he drew substantial press attention by organizing rallies and filing free speech lawsuits .
“ He was known not only for being one of the hardest of the hard - core haters but a gadfly as well , because of his limited legal knowledge , ” said Brian Levin , director of the Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism at California State University , San Bernandino .
“ And he was notorious for claiming legal victories , some of which he never actually won . ”
Barrett led the Nationalist Movement , which advocated striking down civil rights laws , and organized white power rallies nationwide .
Barrett ’s “ The Spirit of America Day , ” which for 40 years honored high school student athletes , was recognized multiple times by Mississippi lawmakers , most recently in February .
Barrett , 67 , had a long history of denigrating minorities , particularly blacks , immigrants and gays .
Born in New York City , the Vietnam War veteran launched his efforts on behalf of white Christians when he moved to Mississippi in 1966 , according to the Anti-Defamation League ( ADL ) .
In his 1982 autobiography , The Commission , he called for resettling minorities groups to “ Puerto Rico , Mexico , Israel , the Orient and Africa . ”
He also argued that “ the Negro race … possess [ es ] no creativity of its own [ and ] pulls the vitality away from civilization . ”
And he favored sterilization and abortions of those deemed “ unfit . "
During a failed 1984 run for U.S. Congress in which he faced three black candidates , he said voters had to decide between “ the cotton boll and three lumps of coal . ”
( Barrett also ran repeatedly , and unsuccessfully , for governor of Mississippi . )
In 1988 , he headed a protest against integration in predominantly white Forsyth County , Ga. Sixty - five mostly out - of - town activists took part , including 40 robed Klansmen .
Barrett was among the protestors who signed “ The Forsyth County Covenant , ” which argued for the advancement of “ America ’s heritage as a free , white , Christian , English - speaking democracy ” and asserted that “ all efforts to make us a bilingual , bisexual or biracial society must be defeated . ”
That same year , he worked with two racist leaders of the National States Rights Party to organize a pro-white demonstration at the Democratic National Convention in Atlanta .
He also led rallies in Atlanta against the Martin Luther King Day holiday ; in California ( twice ) in support of the Los Angeles Police Department officers acquitted of assaulting Rodney King ; in Boston after a St. Patrick ’s Day parade was cancelled when a court forbade the exclusion of gay groups ; and in Morristown , N.J. , to commemorate “ Independence from Affirmative Action Day . ”
Each time only a handful of followers showed up , but the events attracted large crowds of counter - demonstrators and received considerable media attention .
In 2003 , he successfully sued York , Pa. , after the city initially refused to give the Nationalist Movement a permit to hold a rally .
Barrett reached out to young skinheads in December 1988 when he hosted a weekend of paramilitary training in Learned , Miss. , according to the ADL .
The few teenagers who attended tried to hit a picture of Martin Luther King Jr. during target practice , the Jackson Clarion - Ledger reported .
In recent years , Barrett ran an online forum for skinheads , despite criticizing the violence of certain extremists groups .
Barrett also campaigned on behalf of several 1960s - era murderers .
After Byron de la Beckwith was convicted in 1994 of killing civil rights leader Medgar Evers , Barrett circulated a petition and led a march seeking a pardon from the Mississippi governor .
( Another purpose of the march was to support a high school principal who lost his job after saying he would cancel the senior prom rather than allow interracial couples to attend . )
In 2004 , Barrett tried to sponsor a booth at the Mississippi State Fair backing Edgar Ray Killen , the former Klan leader who was found guilty of manslaughter in connection with the deaths of three civil rights workers .
And in fall 2008 , he planned a Louisville rally in support of James Forde Seale , who was convicted of facilitating the Klan murder of two black teenagers .
Barrett marched on Martin Luther King Day in January 2008 in Jena , La. , to deride King and the six black teenagers subjected to harsh prosecutions for an attack on a white student .
The marchers chanted slogans such as , “ If it ai n’t white , it ai n’t right . ”
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Tony Blair 's cabinet was " misled " into thinking the war with Iraq was legal , ex-International Development Secretary Clare Short has told the UK 's inquiry .
She said Attorney General Lord Goldsmith had been " leaned on " to change his advice before the invasion .
Mr Blair " and his mates " decided war was necessary , and " everything was done on a wing and a prayer " , Ms Short said .
She quit the cabinet two months after the March 2003 invasion , in protest at planning for the war 's aftermath .
In her evidence to the Iraq inquiry , during which she was highly critical of former Prime Minister Tony Blair , she said the cabinet had not been a " decision - making body " and called Parliament a " rubber stamp " .
Ms Short , who was given a round of applause after her three - hour appearance , added that she had been " conned " into staying on as a minister until May 2003 , despite her misgivings about the war .
' Want to be loyal '
The attorney general provisionally advised Mr Blair in January that year that it would be unlawful to invade Iraq without a further United Nations Security Council resolution .
But he changed his mind a month later after being persuaded to talk to senior US government lawyers and Britain 's ambassador to the UN , Sir Jeremy Greenstock .
CLARE SHORT'S MAIN CLAIMS Cabinet misled on legality of war Iraq intelligence not given to UK aid officials Ms Short persuaded to stay on with promise of UN involvement in reconstruction of Iraq Cabinet sidelined and Parliament a rubber stamp in decision to go to war Blair arguments on Saddam threat and possible terror links " historically inaccurate "
Short exit had ' limited impact '
A definitive statement circulated at cabinet on 17 March 2003 , three days before the war began .
Ms Short said there was no suggestion given that he had had any legal doubts , and said that any discussion of the legal advice was halted at that pre-war cabinet meeting .
She had been " shocked " that the attorney general 's advice was so late but was " jeered at " to be quiet by other ministers when she asked why .
Ms Short said that , when she repeated the question to Lord Goldsmith , he had replied : " Oh , it takes me a long time to make my mind up . "
In light of the attorney general 's " doubts and his changes of opinion " that have since emerged , Ms Short said : " I think for the attorney general to come and say there 's unequivocal legal authority to go war was misleading . "
She said : " I think he misled the cabinet .
He certainly misled me , but people let it through . "
Ms Short said that , after the failure to secure a second UN resolution , the government had put out " untrue " claims that France had vetoed it .
' A lot of flak '
But she added that she " believed them at the time .
You do n't want to disbelieve your prime minister in the run-up to war and you want to believe the leader of your party .
You want to be loyal " .
Asked why she did not resign earlier , like her cabinet colleague Robin Cook , Ms Short said : " I was conned . "
ANALYSIS Peter Biles , BBC World Affairs correspondent : Clare Short took on the mantle of crowd - pleaser .
She received a warm round of applause from the public gallery after three hours of evidence .
This was not the most dramatic session of the inquiry , but it was by far the most entertaining .
To the disquiet of the stenographer , she maintained a furious pace in what amounted to a withering attack on Tony Blair 's government and on the workings of Whitehall .
Words like " deceit " , " misled " , " conned " , " secrecy " and " shocked " were at the heart of her testimony .
It was easy to see why some earlier witnesses to the inquiry had said Ms Short was difficult to deal with .
Asked about a troubled relationship with Lord Michael Boyce , the former chief of defence staff , she thought he had been told " to have nothing to do with her " in 2003 .
Ms Short added : " He had spent a lot of his life in submarines and it showed . "
She told the inquiry panel that Mr Blair had promised the UN a strong role in Iraq 's reconstruction and further action to resolve the Israel - Palestine situation .
Ms Short said : " I thought that if we got a Palestinian state and a UN lead on reconstruction , that will be much better ...
" I took a lot of flak for it .
I still think , if we had done those things , it would have been a heck of a lot better . "
Ms Short also told the inquiry that she " was seeing the intelligence " to do with Iraq during the earlier stages of preparations for a possible invasion .
But , in late , 2002 she added : " We asked for a briefing ...
This just did n't come and did n't come ... it became clear there was some sort of block on communications . "
Ms Short , who now sits in the Commons as an independent MP , eventually quit the government over the lack of UN involvement in the reconstruction effort .
Mr Blair told the inquiry last week that former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein had been a " monster " who , he believed , " threatened not just the region but the world " .
He said British and US attitudes towards the threat posed by Iraq " changed dramatically " after the terror attacks on 11 September 2001 , since they highlighted the dangers of potential links between failed states in possession of weapons of mass destruction and terrorist groups .
' No escalation ' But Ms Short told the inquiry Mr Blair 's evidence was " historically inaccurate " , adding : " There was no evidence of any kind of an escalation of threats . "
She also said : " We could have gone more slowly and carefully and not have had a totally destabilised and angry Iraq .
" The American people were misled to suggest that al - Qaeda had links to Saddam Hussein .
" Everybody knows that is untrue - that he had absolutely no links , no sympathy , al - Qaeda were nowhere near Iraq until after the invasion and the disorder that came from that . "
Sir Menzies Campbell , the Liberal Democrats ' foreign affairs spokesman at the time of the war , said Ms Short had highlighted the " lack of discussion " in cabinet about the legality of the war .
" She was also concerned about the fact that she was persuaded , in spite of her doubts , to remain a member of the cabinet on the understanding that progress would be made in relation to Israel - Palestine and of course that the UN would play a substantial part in the reconstruction of Iraq , " he told the BBC .
" I think she felt that she had been let down and that was expressed in the quite colourful language which she used . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Slideshow ( 2 images )
CAIRO ( Reuters ) - A colossal 3000 - year - old red granite head of Amenhotep III , the grandfather of Tutankhamun , has been discovered in Luxor , Egypt ’s Culture Minister Farouk Hosni said Sunday .
Smoothly polished , and showing “ youthful sculpted features , ” the 2.5 meter high head belonged to a statue of Amenhotep III in a standing position wearing the Upper Egyptian white crown and clutching the royal insignia .
Scientists conducting DNA tests and CT scans on a number of mummies have identified Amenhotep III as the grandfather of Tutakhamun , the teenage - king who was born of an incestuous marriage between Akhenaten and his sister , both the offspring of Amenhotep III .
Hourig Sourouzian , who headed the conservation mission , said the Amenhotep ’s head was one of 84 artifacts unearthed at his funerary temple on the west bank of the Nile in Luxor .
“ We have gathered a large quantity of red granite statue pieces which once stood in the southern part of the great court of the funerary temple of Amenhotep III , ” Sourouzian said , adding that parts of the statue are being restored .
The Conservative Party launched their technology mini manifesto today .
The semi official explanation of it is on the Conservative Home website .
Fine words are not enough .
Few read manifestos .
Action is needed .
The Tories have a job to do and they are not doing it .
Guido Fawkes calls for tax cuts , maybe .
The issue for taxes in the still very largely free - lance IT market though is not the rate , it is the iniquitous IR35 .
Both Google and Microsoft started as just a couple of programmers .
Also the UK should not follow the US down ever more stringent and ever more extreme patent and copyright protections .
Bill Gates used to admit how wrong software patents were for the IT industry .
The absolute key to any IT strategy would be to actually come out fighting for IT .
Conservative MP ’s are not however doing that .
They are allowing a dangerous and extreme industry killing bill to pass .
The completely misnamed Digital Economy Bill when they should be fighting to kill it ..
It stinks .
It is rotten .
It has all of the hallmarks of the worst aspects of lobbyist bought legislation .
Yet the so - called party of free enterprise wants to pass it .
Mr Cameron , you are a nice Mr Smiley person but you are not going to get elected by saying nothing .
Things will only get worse is not a good campaign slogan .
We know that things are bad and know that they will get worse .
What will you do to make them better ?
This is not the Tory 1997 or even 1979 .
You will not be carried in to Parliament on a wave of hope and change .
You are not the failed experiment that was Tony Blair and you may like President Obama and unlike Gordon he may not run away from you , but you are not him either .
If you are silent about the key things you want to do , people will make them up .
Labour ’s same old Tories will work .
They will fear you will put Ann Widdecombe in charge of the BBC , replacing East Enders with Songs of Praise .
They will think that you will privatise not just the NHS , but to pay back the British debt sell the nurses off to China too .
So you need to stand up for what you believe , otherwise how will you stand up for the Country ?
Cameroons need to be more effective in Parliament .
They need to do their job as an opposition , maybe then they may be electable to Government .
So why on Earth are the Conservatives supporting the Digital Britain bill ?
Actions – remember – actions , more than words are needed now .
The Digital Economy Bill is a deeply unpopular bill that will destroy open networks and hotspots in Britain .
It protects the near death content distribution industry at the expense of the industries that are already providing the online distribution model of the future , the googles , the youtubes and ISPs .
It was on industry websites before it was on the official website .
This is not a bad bill that can be made better , as the Liberal Democrats have already found out it is a disastrous bill that if you try and amend it it leaves you with a rotten stench .
If the Tories want a future for a digital economy they need to stand up to Mandleson and fight his bought and paid for lobbyist stinking bill .
This is just one small step to prove whether they are ready for Government .
They must prove in the weeks before the election that they can do their current job , never mind any other one .
To do so they must commit to Kill the Bill .
1 Cut the straw .
Observe that the straw is divided into two sections by the " bendy " part .
One section is longer than the other .
Cut the longer section halfway between the end and the bend .
2 Cut the short piece open .
Cut it lengthwise , keeping your cut as straight as possible .
You may want to trace the cut with a marker before cutting .
3 Flatten the piece .
Place the cut piece on a folded towel or hard surface , and flatten it with the edge of a spoon .
4 Fold the piece in half , hamburger - style .
See the photo for more help .
5 Cut symmetrical wings on both sides of the fold .
Make sure they stay connected in the middle .
6 Cut small slits around the edges of the wings to make the feather tips .
Set aside the wings for now .
7 Flatten the other parts of the straw .
As you did with the other piece , use the edge of a spoon to flatten the rest of the straw , except for the bend .
8 Cut out the tail .
Once the straw has been flattened , position your scissors so that they cut through both layers , just slightly inward from one of the edges created by the fold .
Cut all the way up to the bend .
This will be the " tail " of the bird .
9 Cut the legs .
On the portion of the straw you just cut , position your scissors so that they cut exactly along the other fold , stopping at the bend .
You should end up with three pieces on this portion of the straw - two thick " legs " and one slim " tail . "
10 Bend the legs and tail outward .
They should resemble the legs of a tripod .
11 Position the bend in the straw so that it resembles the neck of a bird .
12 Make two cuts just above the bend of the straw , angled toward the center .
You should end up with what looks like the bill of a bird .
13 Wrap the legs around the tail .
Position the straw so that the tail is on top and pointing back toward you .
Grab one of the legs , and fold it under the tail .
Then , take the end of that leg and pull it over the tail and through the loop you created .
Do n't pull it tight just yet , though ; repeat the same process with the other leg .
14 Tighten both legs at the same time .
Once both of the legs are in position , tighten them slowly and symmetrically so that they make a knot where the tail meets the bend .
15 Make sure the legs point downward .
They should be at a 90 - degree angle from the tail .
16 Push the tail toward the bend to loosen it a bit , and slip the wings through the opening .
17 Tighten the tail into place again .
18 Make small feather cuts in the tail .
Flatten it with the edge of a spoon for better effect .
By Paul Rincon
Science reporter , BBC News , The Woodlands , Texas
The team 's findings could help in the search for other ancient " airbursts "
A large space rock may have exploded over Antarctica thousands of years ago , showering a large area with debris , according to new research .
The evidence comes from accumulations of tiny meteoritic particles and a layer of extraterrestrial dust found in Antarctic ice cores .
Details of the work were presented at a major science conference in Texas .
The event would have been similar to the Tunguska event , which flattened a large area of Siberian forest in 1908 .
It is thought to have been a so - called " airburst " in which a space rock does not reach the ground , but rather explodes in the atmosphere .
The research is based on a study of extraterrestrial debris found in granite from Miller Butte , in the Transantarctic Mountains , and a layer of cosmic dust represented in two Antarctic ice cores .
The debris from the mountains includes micrometeorites and tiny particles called spherules .
The study 's authors think these spherules could be material eroded from a stony meteorite as it was heated up on its way through our atmosphere .
The spherules could potentially provide a signature to look for evidence of " airbursts " in the geological record .
Wide area
The results were the subject of a presentation at the Lunar and Planetary Science Conference ( LPSC ) in The Woodlands , Texas .
What makes Luigi and Matthias ' work so exciting is that it may give us a way of spotting these events in the geological record
Phil Bland
Imperial College London
A layer of extraterrestrial dust has been found in both the Dome C and Dome Fuji ice cores from Antarctica .
The dust in both cores is dated to about 481,000 years ago - and is therefore likely to derive from the same event .
The team , led by Luigi Folco and Matthias van Ginneken at the University of Siena , Italy , and including Phil Bland from Imperial College London , UK , now conclude that the Dome C and Dome Fuji dust layers are also paired with debris from the Transantarctic Mountains .
They point to strong similarities in the texture and composition of the debris found in the ice cores and that found in the granite .
However , the sites are more than 2,900 km apart .
For cosmic debris to be spread over such a wide area , the researchers propose that an airburst is the most likely explanation .
They estimate that it could have been caused by an object weighing 100,000 tonnes .
" We 've got similar material spread over a very large area .
It 's difficult to do that with any other mechanism , " said co-author Dr Bland .
The Tunguska impact was caused by a space rock some tens of metres across that detonated 5 - 10 km above the ground .
The blast flattened some 2,000 sq km of Siberian forest , knocking people to the ground about 60 km from the epicentre .
Airbursts on the scale of the Tunguska event are thought to occur every 500 - 1,000 years on Earth .
This figure is based on computer modelling by Dr Bland and his colleagues .
These results are consistent with an analysis of airbursts in the atmosphere gathered by US Department of Defense satellites from the 1960s onwards .
" These events are tricky to spot after they happen .
If you go to Tunguska now , you 've really got your work cut out trying to find any trace of that event - and that was 1908 , " Dr Bland told BBC News .
" What makes Luigi and Matthias ' work so exciting is that it may give us a way of spotting these events in the geological record .
If these spherules are the signature , we know what to look for in future . "
Paul.Rincon-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Facebook Twitter LinkedIn
Dilip sent me a couple links ( here and here ) of people trashing a new post by Mankiw .
If they had n’t done so already , I probably would have attached attacked the post .
But since they have already trashed it , I ’m going to defend it .
Seriously .
Mankiw notes that per capita tax revenue in the US is fairly typical of developed economies :
Here are the results for some of the largest developed nations :
“ ” France : .461 x 33,744 = 15,556
“ ” Germany : .406 x 34,219 = 13,893
“ ” UK : .390 x 35,165 = 13,714
“ ” US : .282 x 46,443 = 13,097
“ ” Canada : .334 x 38,290 = 12,789
“ ” Italy : .426 x 29,290 = 12,478
“ ” Spain : .373 x 29,527 = 11,014
“ ” Japan : .274 x 32,817 = 8,992
He argues that this weakens an argument often made by progressives , which is that the US should have much higher taxes .
Apparently , we already have plenty of tax revenue ; we just do n’t use it very well .
Mankiw does n’t mention this , but this example sort of reminds me of the charts that compare public spending on health care as a share of GDP , and total health care spending .
Most developed countries have governments that spend about 8 % of GDP on health care , with another 2 % from the private sector .
Their public expenditures cover almost their entire populations .
The US public sector also spends about 8 % of GDP on health care , but this only covers a modest fraction of the population .
Another 8 % or so is spent by the private sector .
Actually , this example is even more surprising that Mankiw’s .
Think about it ; because per capita GDP in the US is higher than in other developed economies , in absolute terms our government actually spends more ( per capita ) on health care than almost any other government .
Even before ObamaCare .
We ought to be able to put the entire US population on Medicare and Medicaid without spending an extra dime .
But that ’s another long story .
Here ’s Mankiw ’s argument :
Some pundits , reflecting on the looming U.S. budget deficits , claim that Americans are vastly undertaxed compared with other major nations .
I was wondering , to what extent is that true ? . . .
The bottom line : The United States is indeed a low - tax country as judged by taxes as a percentage of GDP , but as judged by taxes per person , the United States is in the middle of the pack .
And here ’s Yglesias ’ counterargument :
Mankiw concludes that “ the bottom line ”  is that the United States is n’t actually a low - tax country .
But while I ’m sure Mankiw believes the conclusion that raising taxes is n’t as viable as I ( or , say , Paul Krugman ) think , I seriously doubt that he believes this mode of analysis is correct .
After all , why should the bottom line relate to the United States at all ?
Does Mankiw really think that Italy has more scope to increase taxes and the size of its public sector than does the United States ?
Or consider that in Slovakia per capita GDP is just $ 20,000 .
By Mankiw ’s logic , Slovakia could raise taxes up to 65 percent of GDP and it would still count as a country with a below - average tax burden !
The bottom line : The United States is indeed a low - tax country as judged by taxes as a percentage of GDP , but as judged by taxes per person , the United States is in the middle of the pack .
That ’s pretty persuasive , and it would have been even more persuasive if he ’d used the Congo or Afghanistan .
But in the end I think Mankiw might be right .
The clue is when he says :
The most common metric for answering this question is taxes as a percentage of GDP .
However , high tax rates tend to depress GDP .
Looking at taxes as a percentage of GDP may mislead us into thinking we can increase tax revenue more than we actually can .
Mankiw is too sophisticated to mention the Laffer curve in polite company , but what he is really doing here is a sort of cross-sectional test of supply - side economics .
He ’s saying higher rates may bring little or no extra revenue to the US government .
So first let ’s examine what ’s wrong with Yglesias ’s argument .
Before considering Slovenia Slovakia , let ’s consider the Congo and Afghanistan .
It does n’t take much thought to realize they do n’t lie on the same Laffer curve as the US .
They have lower levels of education , less political stability , and higher levels of corruption .
But Slovenia Slovakia is n’t that different from the other developed countries , so what ’s wrong with Yglesias ’ counterexample ?
Here ’s the problem , Slovenia ’s Slovakia ’s not done catching up .
They abandoned communism a few decades back and since then have been gradually catching up to the West .
When I started studying economics the US was much richer than Western Europe and Japan , but was also growing more slowly than other developed countries .
They were still in the catch - up growth phase from the ravages of WWII .
But since Reagan took office the US has been growing faster than most other big developed economies , and at least as fast in per capita terms .
They ’ve plateaued at about 25 % below US levels , when you adjust for PPP .
This is the steady state .
The big question is why .
Take a look at the data for Germany and Italy .
On average they collect .416 of GDP in taxes , as opposed to the .282 ratio in the US .
And yet the average amount collected is only slightly higher than US tax revenues .
Here ’s the $ 64 dollar question for which I ’ve never seen progressives provide a satisfactory answer .
Why is per capita GDP in Western Europe so much lower than in the US ?
Mankiw seems to imply that high tax rates may be one of the reasons .
I do n’t know if that ’s the answer , but if it ’s not my hunch is that the factors that would explain the difference are other government policies that the left tends to favor ( strong unions , higher minimum wages , more regulation , generous unemployment insurance , etc . )
So I think Mankiw is saying that if we adopt the European model , there really is n’t a lot of evidence that we ’d end up with any more revenue than we have right now .
Further evidence for this hypothesis is that the few developed countries that do have much lower tax rates than the US ( Hong Kong and Singapore ) now have much higher per capita GDPs ( PPP ) than Western Europe .
Yes , they are small and urban , but Western Europe is full of small countries of about 6 million people that have less than 5 % of the population in farming .
Of course the progressives ’ great hope is that we ’ll end up like France .
But Brazil also has high tax rates , how do they know we wo n’t end up like Brazil ?
For those who like cultural explanations , I ’d point out that the US has many people of Spanish , Italian , German and British descent , but not many of French descent .
And those 4 European countries raise about as much revenue as the US , but with much higher tax rates and much lower incomes .
France is more socialist that the US , but consider those industries where we have tried to emulate the French .
We have nuclear power plants built by heavily regulated utilities .
We have high speed rail built by government - owned Amtrak .
Actually we do n’t have high - speed rail , we have “ high - speed rail . ”
And the reason we do n’t is not a lack of money , but a different political system .
Progressives imagine cities like Paris and trains like the TGV .
I imagine Three Mile Island and the Acela .
The French know how to run government projects better than we do , just as we run them better than the Italians .
In the end , it does n’t matter what I think .
What matters is what the public thinks .
For several decades the most dynamic part of the US economy has been Texas .
Rich people , middle - class people , and working class people are voting with their feet and moving to Houston and Dallas and Austin .
Whites , blacks and Hispanics are moving to Texas .
Not because of oil wealth ( Louisiana has even more oil per capita ) , and not because of climate ( California and Florida are more pleasant ) , but rather because it best epitomizes the US economic model .
And they are leaving states with fiscal policies more to the liking of progressives like Yglesias and Krugman .
I ’d much rather visit Paris , France than Paris , Texas .
But on a recent visit to Houston I was impressed by how competently they run the place .
It does n’t have the art or architecture of Paris , but it ’s a place where one can have an amazingly high standard of living on a middle income salary .
Just do n’t murder anyone .
Facebook Twitter LinkedIn
Tags : Taxation
This entry was posted on March 31st , 2010 and is filed under Fiscal policy , Misc. , Supply - side economics .
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
You can leave a response or Trackback from your own site .
From Pascal 's Triangle to the Bell - shaped Curve
Posted May 2010 .
In this column we will explore this interpretation of the binomial coefficients , and how they are related to the normal distribution represented by the ubiquitous " bell - shaped curve . " ...
Tony Phillips
Stony Brook University
tony at math.sunysb.edu
Pascal 's Triangle
Blaise Pascal ( 1623 -1662 ) did not invent his triangle .
It was at least 500 years old when he wrote it down , in 1654 or just after , in his Traité du triangle arithmétique .
Its entries C( n , k ) appear in the expansion of ( a + b ) n when like powers are grouped together giving C( n , 0 ) an + C( n , 1 ) an - 1 b + C( n , 2 ) an - 2b2 + ... + C(n , n) bn ; hence binomial coefficients .
The triangle now bears his name mainly because he was the first to systematically investigate its properties .
For example , I believe that he discovered the formula for calculating C( n , k ) directly from n and k , without working recursively through the table .
Pascal also pioneered the use of the binomial coefficients in the analysis of games of chance , giving the start to modern probability theory .
In this column we will explore this interpretation of the coefficients , and how they are related to the normal distribution represented by the ubiquitous " bell - shaped curve . "
Pascal 's triangle from his Traité .
In his format the entries in the first column are ones , and each other entry is the sum of the one directly above it , and the one directly on its left .
In our notation , the binomial coefficients C( 6 , k ) appear along the diagonal Vζ. Image from Wikipedia Commons .
Factorial representation of binomial coefficients
The entries in Pascal 's triangle can be calculated recursively using the relation described in the caption above ; in our notation this reads
C( n+1 , k+1 ) = C( n , k ) + C( n , k+1 ) .
But they can also be calculated directly using the formula C( n , k ) = n! / [ k ! ( n - k ) ! ] .
The modern proof of this formula uses induction and the fact that that both sides satisfy the same recursion relation .
The factorial notation n! was only introduced at the beginning of the 19th century ; Pascal proceeds otherwise .
He first establishes his " twelfth consequence : "
In every arithmetical triangle , of two contiguous cells in the same base [ diagonal ] the upper is to the lower as the number of cells from the upper to the top of the base is to the number of cells from the lower to the bottom of the base , inclusive [ in our notation , C( n , k ) / C( n , k - 1 ) = ( n - k+1 ) / k ] .
He proves the twelfth consequence directly from the recursive definition ( in the first recorded explicit use of mathematical induction ! ) , and then uses it iteratively to establish
C(n , k ) = C( n , k - 1 ) ( n - k+1 ) / k
C(n , k - 1 ) = C(n , k - 2 ) ( n - k+2 ) / ( k -1 )
...
C(n , 1 ) = C( n , 0 ) n / 1 = n ;
and so finally
C(n , k ) = n ( n - 1 ) ... ( n - k+1 ) / k( k - 1 ) ... 1 , a formula equivalent to our factorial representation .
The shape of the rows in Pascal 's triangle
The numbers in Pascal 's triangle grow exponentially fast as we move down the middle of the table : element C( 2 k , k ) in an even - numbered row is approximately 22 k / ( πk ) 1/ 2 .
The following graphs , generated by Excel , give C( n , k ) plotted against k for n = 4 , 16 , 36 , 64 and 100 .
They show both the growth of the central elements and a general pattern to the distribution of values , which suggests that a linear rescaling could make the middle portions of the graphs converge to a limit .
C ( 4 , k )
C ( 16 , k )
C ( 36 , k )
C ( 64 , k )
C( 100 , k )
As k varies , the maximum value of C( n , k ) occurs at n / 2 .
For the graphs of C( n , k ) to be compared as n goes to infinity their centers must be lined up ; otherwise they would drift off to infinity .
Our first step in uniformizing the rows is to shift the graph of C( n , k ) leftward by n / 2 ; the centers will now all be at 0 .
The estimate mentioned above for the central elements ( it comes from Stirling 's formula ) suggests that for uniformity the vertical dimension in the plot of C( n , k ) should be scaled down by 2n / n 1/2 .
Now 2n = ( 1+1 ) n = C( n , 0 ) + C( n , 1 ) + ... + C( n , n ) , which approximates the area under the graph ; to keep the areas constant ( and equal to 1 ) in the limit we stretch the graphs horizontally by a factor of n1/2 .
With these translations and rescalings , the convergence of the central portions of the graphs becomes graphically evident :
C ( 4 , k ) *2 / 2^4 , plotted against ( k - 2 ) / 2
C( 16 , k ) * 4 / 2^16 , plotted against ( k - 8 ) / 4 .
C( 36 , k ) *6 / 2^36 , plotted against ( k - 18 ) / 6 .
C ( 64 , k ) *8 / 2^64 , plotted against ( k - 32 ) / 8 .
C( 100 , k) *10 / 2^100 , plotted against ( k- 50 ) / 10 .
Probabilistic interpretation
Our experiment is an example of the Central Limit Theorem , a fundamental principle of probability theory ( which brings us back to Pascal ) .
The theorem is stated in terms of random variables .
In this case , the basic random variable X has values 0 or 1 , each with probability 1/2 ( this could be the outcome of flipping a coin ) .
So half the time , at random , X = 0 , and the rest of the time X = 1 .
The mean or expected value of X is E( X ) = μ = 1/2 ( 0 ) + 1/2 ( 1 ) = 1/2 .
Its variance is defined by σ 2 = E ( X2 ) - [ E ( X ) ] 2 = 1/4 , so its standard deviation is σ = 1/2 .
The n-th row in Pascal 's triangle corresponds to the sum X 1 + ... + X n , of n random variables , each identical to X .
The possible values of the sum are 0 , 1 , ... , n and the value k is attained with probability C( n , k ) / 2n .
[ So , for example , if we toss a coin four times , and count 1 for each head , 0 for each tail , then the probabilities of the sums 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 are 1/16 , 1/4 , 3/8 , 1/4 , 1/16 respectively . ]
This set of values and probabilities is called the binomial distribution with p = ( 1 - p ) = 1/2 .
Its has mean μ n = n/2 and standard deviation σ n = n1/2/2 .
In our normalizations we have shifted the means to 0 and stretched or compressed the axis to achieve uniform standard deviation 1 / 2 .
The Central Limit Theorem is more general , but it states in this case that the limit of these normalized probability distributions , as n goes to infinity , will be the normal distribution with mean zero and standard deviation 1 / 2 .
This distribution is represented by the function
f( x ) = 2/( 2π)1/2 e- 2x2
( its graph is a " bell - shaped curve " ) in the sense that the probability of the limit random variable lying in the interval [ a , b ] is equal to the integral of f over that interval .
The normal distribution with μ = 0 and σ = 1/2 .
Suppose you want to know the probability of between 4995 and 5005 heads in 10,000 coin tosses .
The calculation with binomial coefficients would be tedious ; but it amounts to calculating the area under the graph of C ( 10000 , k ) between k = 4995 and k = 5005 , relative to the total area .
This is equivalent to computing the relative area under the normalized curve between ( 4995 -5000 ) / 100 = -.05 and ( 5005 - 5000 ) / 100 = .05 ; to a very good approximation this is the integral of the normal distribution function f( x ) between -.05 and .05 , i.e. 0.0797 .
[ Correction , May 2017 : Three instances of 4005 were changed to 4995 .
Thanks to a careful reader for the correction -- Tony . ]
[ Correction , December 2018 : The value of the last integral has been corrected .
Thanks to Art Benis -- Tony ]
Tony Phillips
Stony Brook University
tony at math.sunysb.edu
Advertisements
While testifying in court today , Sarah Palin came up with a brand new excuse for the losing the 2008 election to Barack Obama .
Palin stated under oath that the hacking of her email account cost her and that guy John McCain the election .
She said , “ I do n’t think an illegal action like this is a prank .
Not when you consider how impacting it was on a presidential election .
It went beyond a prank . ”
Here is some MSNBC video of Palin addressing the media after her testimony :
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
Advertisements
According to WBIR in Knoxville , Palin played the mama card first , “ A mama wants to be there to help the kids , so it was a big darn deal to have that communication stripped away . ”
Then she dropped the bombshell of her belief the hacked Yahoo Mail account cost her the election , “ I do n’t think an illegal action like this is a prank .
Not when you consider how impacting it was on a presidential election .
It went beyond a prank . ”
The queen of the obvious stated , “ We ’ll let the jury talk to Mr Kernell with their assessment of the damage that is done when you illegally hack in to somebody ’s personal private mailbox to distribute the contents to the world .
It ’s not right , it ’s not legal , and it ’s not fair and decent .
So I think he may be receiving the message . ”
There is one little part that Sarah Palin left out .
It is also her fault .
What kind of idiot uses an unsecured public Yahoo Mail account , when they are not only a sitting state governor , but also the Republican vice presidential nominee ?
Hacking into someone ’s email account is wrong .
That ’s why it is against the law .
Once again the question is , why was she using Yahoo Mail in the first place , and more importantly was she conducting state business outside of her state email account ?
What was she doing that she did not want on the record ?
The idea that a hacked email account cost her the 2008 presidential election is pure fantasy and is not backed up by the polls .
On September 17 , when the hacked emails hit the public , McCain trailed Obama 50 % - 44 % .
( Obama ended up defeating McCain 53 % - 46 % ) .
In fact , there was not a single poll released at the time her email account was hacked that showed McCain / Palin beating Obama / Biden .
The GOP loss in 2008 had more to do with Palin ’s nose diving approval ratings than it did with a hacked email account .
Then there is the hypocrisy that Palin herself has done her own bit of computer hacking .
According to the September 20,2004 , Anchorage Daily News , “ Sarah Palin never thought of herself as an investigator .
Yet there she was , hacking uncomfortably into Randy Ruedrich ’s computer , looking for evidence that the state Republican Party boss had broken the state ethics law while a member of the Alaska Oil & Gas Conservation Commission . ”
Once again , Palin has proven herself to not only be a hypocrite , but also unable to take responsibility for any of her own failing .
Palin the egotistical narcissist refuses to consider the notion that she is the reason why the ticket lost in 2008 .
She ca n’t accept the idea that her inability to sound remotely competent on any issue doomed the ticket .
She refuses to believe that the American people quickly saw through her winks and smiles , and detected a person that should never be trusted with the levers of power .
Sarah Palin tried to snow job the American people and she failed .
The email hacker did n’t lose to Barack Obama .
Sarah Palin did .
KENK : Fitting Time with Crime
In the lengthy saga of the Crown ’s prosecution of Igor Kenk as the “ world ’s most notorious bike thief ” , the Public was led to believe that a crime spree that had lasted for decades , had resulted in an enormous volume of charges finally being leveled against the defendant as the result of the famous late night raid of Igor ’s Bicycle Clinic .
The initial deluge of surprising revelations about drugs and stolen art being added to the litany of bike - theft complaints , and the thousands of bikes and parts being seized from various rented garages , as well as in the infamous shop on Toronto ’s Queen West , had all created the kind of Public furor that a local Media would have been more than happy to rile up into a good old - fashioned lynch mob …back in a kinder , gentler day .
Instead we were led to believe that there was a mountain of stolen bikes , and well - substantiated charges leveled against Kenk , and that Justice would indeed be brought to bear .
As 2009 was winding down , the growing vacuum of new ( or at least well publicised ) information on this case had left the Public wondering aloud in the online forums and other social circles of the Internet , just when and how justice would ever be dispensed to close this case .
In fact most average people did n’t even realise that the case had already been closed with a guilty plea just before Christmas 2009 , and that time served had been factored in .
As a result , Kenk ’s sudden release last month only exasperated this unquenched public thirst for blood , and did nothing to quell the growing general sentiment that the time served did n’t seem to fit the crime .
Instead the Public , with its limited views and misconceptions about the Law and it ’s Enforcement , became even more entrenched in its popular notions that lawyers can somehow circumvent the law if there ’s enough money involved .
So how do we reconcile the apparent difference between what is , and what should be ?
Perhaps this schism in Public perceptions of Kenk ’s punishment formed because of the additional civil case ( not a ‘ criminal ’ case , mind you ) that was also brought to bear under the provisions of the Civil Remedies Act .
This seemingly boring little legal side - play in the bigger game was all but ignored by the Public who have simply been led to believe that these thousands of bikes and parts seized by authorities were all recognized as “ stolen ” items to begin with , and this mis-perception simply served to further vilify the now convicted and subsequently released Kenk .
The only trouble with this exercise in criminal prosecution ( and subtle Public Relations ? ) , is that Kenk was not actually convicted ( as yet ) of any crimes at the time that this civil suit was settled , and his resulting forfeiture of this property actually only served to add to his perceived crimes , and theft of thousands of bikes .
This is one of the main reasons why the Time does n’t seem to fit the crime .
When Kenk was forced to surrender his “ property ” in September 2008 in this civil suit , the Public was still too hungry for justice to be served to realize the actual implications of such a perceived punishment via Civil ( rather than Criminal ) Law .
So when in fact , the criminal charges that actually stuck resulted in a relatively under - publicised case closure on only 16 drug possession and bike theft charges , and a conviction being made with a ‘ guilty plea ’ in December 2009 … The Public was left to wonder if the Crown had somehow dropped the ball !
‘‘ It was the appropriate resolution under the circumstances , ’’ said Crown attorney Ruth Kleinhenz .
It would have been ‘‘ quite a feat ’’ to prove all the charges against him , she said .
Although the details of this case were always fully publicised , and presented in the Media , the general Public was clearly only looking for the final results to appear , and likely was n’t very interested in keeping up with the minute details of the proceedings as they unfolded over the past 17 months .
Unfortunately , now that the Media is no longer being supplied with a criminal story to follow , and has already been handed their feel good story to provide “ closure ” to this case ( as of this past week ) the Public is left to search for its own signs of justice by reconstructing their own path to justice being served .
These links can help us find our own closure , by better understanding the circumstances …
SOURCES :
http://network.nationalpost.com/np/blogs/toronto/archive/2009/12/15/igor-kenk-pleads-guilty.aspx
The shadow maps we use in Overgrowth are unusual in that they contain two parts : direct shadows and ambient occlusion .
These correspond to the two light sources in outdoor scenes , the sun and the sky .
To explain how this works , let 's consider this scene with a house in the desert :
The first part of the shadow map consists of direct shadows .
We calculate them by dividing the scene into a grid and accumulating high - precision depth map shadows .
This is done on the graphics card in order to achieve a much higher calculation speed .
Here are the direct shadows for this scene :
There are some texture alignment artifacts here , but they 're subtle when lit , so I 'm saving them for later
There are some texture alignment artifacts here , but they 're subtle when lit , so I 'm saving them for later
The second part of the shadow map is ambient occlusion -- how much total light is received from the sky .
This is calculated by accumulating the direct shadows from 64 points on the sky hemisphere .
Here is the ambient occlusion for this scene :
See See this post for more complex examples of ambient occlusion .
We could store both of these shadow maps separately , but for efficiency we can combine them into one shadow map .
The graphics card stores images with three color channels ( red , green and blue ) , so we can store the direct shadows in the red channel and the ambient occlusion in the green channel .
Below you can see the direct shadows , the ambient occlusion , and the combined two - part shadow map .
To apply shadowed lighting , we just modulate the direct lighting by the direct shadows , and the ambient lighting by the ambient occlusion .
We then add the modulated direct and ambient lighting to get the total lighting for each pixel .
Below you can see the modulated direct lighting , modulated ambient lighting , and combined total lighting .
Now all we need to do is combine the lighting with the color map , and we have our finished image !
Here is the total lighting , the color map , and the final image .
We recently discussed why ambient occlusion is important for characters ( in this post ) , and it 's important for environments for the same reasons -- it helps define the space and adds depth to shadowed areas .
Below we have a comparison shot without ambient occlusion on the left and with ambient occlusion on the right .
Look under the awning and the wooden walkway to see how it helps define enclosed spaces .
Many games approximate direct and indirect lighting using cascading shadow maps , screen - space depth comparisons , and deferred light accumulation .
These techniques are powerful and fun to use , but their rendering artifacts and hardware requirements make them inappopriate for Overgrowth .
For us , the efficiency and accuracy of baked shadow maps make them a better choice .
Let me know if you get tired of these ... no , wait .
Do n't let me know .
These pictures from the orbiting HiRISE camera never get old because they 're frakking amazing !
Here is another awesome avalanche caught in the act ... on Mars !
Holy Haleakala !
Coooool .
Click the pic to nobly embiggen .
And oh yes , you want to embiggen this one .
This may be my favorite Red Planet avalanche of them all .
On the left you can see the surface of Mars : that 's frozen carbon dioxide -- dry ice -- covering the ground .
The red brick - like pattern to the right of the ice is actually the face of a scarp , a steep cliff .
We 're looking almost straight down on it , so it 's foreshortened , but do n't let that fool you ; it 's 700 meters ( 2000 feet ) high !
On the right is the greyish floor , dusty basaltic rock .
You can see sand dunes rippling across it , as well as a few boulders here and there .
But right there is the plume of a large avalanche , the cloud still rising above the floor !
Clearly this was caught within seconds of the landslide hitting the floor of the scarp .
The shadow of the plume is clear and obvious below and to the left .
That 's particularly cool because knowing the Sun angle in the image means the plume height can be determined .
They generally rise to 50 or more meters .
It 's spring in the northern hemisphere of Mars , and the warming temperatures are sublimating the dry ice .
This may be causing the slides ; the CO 2 gets in the cracks of the rocks and dust , and when it goes away the loose debris can be free to fall .
The folks at HiRISE have been targeting scarps like this one just in case they can catch avalanches like this .
I like this avalanche shot in particular because you can really see the contrast between the layer of ice , the scarp wall , and the floor .
It makes for a wonderfully complete scene , and for some reason reminds me of Earth ... maybe it's because I live in Boulder , and I 'm used to seeing ice covered red rocks with lots of interesting geological bits around .
I 'm not sure .
But like all the other avalanche shots , it reminds me that Mars is a planet , a world , a location , an actual place .
It may lack the dynamic and diverse weather we get here on Earth , but there 's still plenty going on at that little ball .
Related posts : Another Awesome Martian AvalancheMartian Avalanche Caught in the ActAnother Dose of Martian Awesome
Image credit : NASA / JPL / University of Arizona
Google TV looks to be the best part of the new 4 K Chromecast
Chromecast with Google TV also promises smart home integration with Nest cameras and doorbells .
on techhive.com
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Former Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi's bloc has achieved a surprise win in Iraq 's parliamentary elections .
His coalition has two seats more than that of incumbent PM Nouri Maliki , who has vowed to challenge the results and said they were " not final " .
Earlier , the UN's envoy to Iraq said the 7 March election was " credible " and urged Iraqis to accept the results .
Mr Allawi will need to form a coalition government as he lacks a majority , amid fears the results may spark violence .
Just hours before the results were announced , twin bomb blasts in the town of Khalis , in Diyala province , killed at least 40 people and left more than 60 injured .
ANALYSIS Andrew North , BBC News , Baghdad
This narrow victory for Iyad Allawi may signal Iraq is beginning to move beyond its sectarian divisions .
He is Shia but campaigned on a secular platform .
Most of his votes came from Sunni areas , but he attracted significant support from other groups .
What matters most now is Prime Minister Nouri Maliki 's challenge to the results and whether it sparks new tension , amid the swirl of suspicions and fraud allegations .
He has said he will use legal means to appeal .
He will be under intense pressure from the Americans to do so .
Their withdrawal plans depend on the results being accepted as credible .
Power has rarely changed hands peacefully in Iraq - an orderly transition would be just as significant as Iyad Allawi winning .
Speaking directly after the figures released by the electoral commission , Mr Maliki challenged the result and repeated his call for the electoral commission to recount the vote .
He added that his bloc would press ahead with plans to form the new government .
Mr Allawi said his bloc would " work with all Iraqi parties , whether they won or not , to form the next government " .
The BBC's Andrew North in Baghdad says this looks like a spectacular victory for Mr Allawi and a big upset for Mr Maliki - but at 91 seats to 89 it was a very tight race .
And with Mr Maliki 's party making allegations of irregularities , there are still concerns over whether the result will be accepted , our correspondent says .
On Thursday the head of Iraq 's election commission ruled out holding a manual recount of all the votes cast .
The US state department congratulated the country on carrying out " a successful election " .
Spokesman Philip Crowley said Iraqi and international observers had overseen the process and there was " no evidence of widespread or serious fraud " .
" This marks a significant milestone in the ongoing democratic development of Iraq , " he said .
A credible election is seen as crucial to US military plans to end combat operations this August , seven years after the invasion .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Get on the Beef Train : Amtrak Unveils First Biodiesel Commuter Train , Powered By Animal By - Products
The so - called green train is slated to run as a one - year experiment .
Just how viable is it ?
When Oracle released its Glass Fish roadmap in March , one notable absence was any mention of the Glass Fish gem .
This gem - based server for Rails , Merb , and Sinatra applications has become a popular deployment option for the JRuby platform ( e.g. , it is part of BitNami's JRuby stack ) and has been widely recommended to the JRuby community .
The server is lightweight — the 4.3MB gem consists only of the Glass Fish v3 kernel , Grizzly , and some utilities — but is a production - quality application server that has been known to host Sinatra applications handling loads of thousands of requests per second .
The gem allows Rails users running in multithreaded mode to take advantage of the JVM by running multiple threads in a single server instance .
At the beginning of March it became known through the jruby - user mailing list that the Glass Fish gem team had not made the transition from Sun to Oracle and that the project was probably abandoned .
When asked to comment , Oracle said :
We will continue to encourage the community to continue working on the Glass Fish gem and we will continue to offer assistance to those that want to continue to evolve the gem .
Engine Yard has not indicated whether the Glass Fish gem will be included in its commercial JRuby support .
The JRuby Summer of Code wiki proposed developing " a new fast tiny server based on the Glass Fish gem , or else taking over the GF gem and spinning it off into its own project . "
In mid-April Vivek Pandey , Glass Fish gem project owner and lead developer , notified the list that he planned to invest some time in documentation and possibly start releasing new versions .
However , Oracle is not supporting this work and the project is only a sideline for him .
" It would be great to have people help us by contributing to it . "
What kinds of contributions is he looking for ?
" Bug fixing , adding features ( if any ) and releases .
Also , docs and evangelizing .
The codebase is not big . "
Subsequent discussion on the list has seen some interest in moving the project forward .
Part of the Glass Fish gem 's popularity is its ease - of - use .
When asked why BitNami offers both Tomcat and the Glass Fish gem as part of its JRuby stack , BitNami's Daniel Liszka replied :
People still seem to be more familiar with Tomcat .
We want to give them a choice .
Apart from that it is more difficult to deploy Ruby on Rails on Tomcat than on Glass Fish , and we wanted to simplify the process as well for those users that need to use Tomcat for any other reason .
Deployment to Tomcat , as well as to other J2EE application servers such as GlassFish , JBoss , or WebSphere , can be accomplished using Warbler , a gem that will make a WAR file out of a Rails , Merb , or Rack - based application .
Warbler released version 1.0 in early April , adding support for Rails 3 .
" I 'm pleased to have Rails 3 working well with Warbler - created WARs as I think Rails 3 is positioned to be a standout framework that Java developers should be considering to build web applications , " said Nick Sieger of Engine Yard .
Warbler is of course not a development tool like the other servers but a deployment tool . [...]
WAR deployments are much more common in existing java shops .
Warbler 1.0 also now supports packaging bundled gems with Bundler .
Other servers also exist in the JRuby space .
Torquebox , for example , wraps JBoss .
According to JBoss Fellow Bob McWhirter ,
Torquebox aims to take the existing enterprise - grade JBoss Java app - server and adapt its full capabilities to the world of Ruby , using JRuby .
This includes facilities such as exposing the Quartz job - scheduler and the HornetQ message broker in a manner friendly to rubyists .
The goal is to allow the full application , not just the web portion , to be a deployable and manageable unit .
Torquebox is significantly heavier than the Glass Fish gem :
Its distribution is not gem - based and weighs in at almost 300MB ( this includes a complete JRuby installation in addition to the server ) .
A gem of less than 10 MB is " on my roadmap for web - only capabilities .
Of course , you wo n't get JMS integration and such with that . "
David Calavera's Trinidad is a gem - based Rack application server on top of Apache Tomcat .
To run it , you " just need to point to the root directory of a Rack based application and run a simple command , ' jruby - S trinidad ' , " Calavera says .
One of its main advantages is that it 's really lightweight .
While other servers are built as monolithic libraries , Trinidad is distributed ; the core is less than 15KB and the required libraries are 3MB more or less .
[...]
Trinidad is completely written in Ruby , and instead of grouping a bunch of features into the same package it allows releasing features as separate extensions .
[...]
Trinidad also allows running several applications in the same container .
A final alternative is Fabio Kung 's jetty - rails , which will run Rails and Merb applications within a Jetty container .
Though the project has not been updated since June 2009 , Kung still envisions making improvements to it in the future .
Cartoonist Bill Amend and FoxTrot occupy some rare territory .
The comic strip just turned 22 years old – for historical perspective , it debuted seven months before the NES Action Set – and its 39th collection , FoxTrot Sundaes , was released this month .
And yet despite being a newspaper comic by a self - described “ dinosaur , ” Fox Trot holds a special place in geekdom : Amend has guest - drawn Penny Arcade , celebrated that strip ( along with xkcd , Player vs. Player and The Joy of Tech ) in his own creation , and hosted jam - packed panels at PAX in Seattle and last month 's PAX East .
The appeal goes all the way back to the strip 's roots :
Two weeks in , back in 1988 , Amend had already worked in Star Wars , Star Trek , Transformers , and 10 - year - old Jason Fox 's computer nerd - dom .
And while the rest of the Fox family – mom and dad ( Andy and Roger Fox , respectively ) and older siblings Peter and Paige – are all fully - developed characters in their own rights , it 's always been Jason proudly flying the geek flag .
In some ways , he – and by extension , FoxTrot as a whole – can be seen as the direct comic ancestors of creations like the Penny Arcade guys and the gang at PvP .
Amend recently took some time for an email interview with GeekDad about his comic , geek culture , and the age of pixels replacing print .
Image : Wendy Robinson
GD : FoxTrot began running in 1988 , and early on you established Jason as a full - on geek , from his Darth Vader bedsheets to his love of mathematics and gaming .
What inspired the character and his loves ?
BA : Jason is largely an exaggerated representation of my own geeky nature .
Most of his interests are things I cared about as a kid , or are things that interest me now .
In school I was a math nerd , played D&D , obsessed over Star Wars , built haunted mansion recreations in our basement , etc. , so it 's not like his character is a huge stretch for me to write .
GD : You set FoxTrot in the real world in terms of pop culture references and events , and at the time of FoxTrot 's debut , I think only Bloom County compared in this manner .
( Doonesbury was in the “ real - world , ” too , but that 's a different category of strip ) .
Can you talk a little about this aspect of your work , and whether , for instance , you ever worried that it would date the strip or have other unintended consqeuences ?
BA : The two strips that made me think cartooning could be an interesting career were Doonesbury and Bloom County , largely because they felt so rooted in modern reality .
In hindsight , it seems only natural that I would try to bring a similar feeling to FoxTrot .
There 's definitely a shelf life to some of the references I 've included in my work over the years , but my hope is the extra relevance at the time of publication makes up for it .
My “ I have no floppy drive ” iMac strip probably makes no sense to a younger reader now , but I can't imagine not doing it back in 1998 or whenever it was out of some long - term concern .
( GD note : Jason dressed up as an iMac one Halloween figuring that people would be terrified by the computer 's lack of that form of data storage .
It 's still funny . )
GD : While the Fox family characters have grown and evolved over their story arcs , they have n't aged .
Jason sometimes seems a bit older than his 10 years , but he 's still young enough to be wrapped up in the things he 's always loved without having outgrown them .
As a result , you 've got a character who played with original Star Wars toys but was still a kid when the prequels came out ; who donned a costume for The Lord of the Rings movies ; and who recently fell in love with Avatar , all without ever having had to grow up .
Frankly , I 'm a little jealous .
Did you ever wonder if it was time to age the characters to reflect the real world ?
BA : Jason has also gotten to see every movie for the past 22 years at the child 's ticket price .
We cartoonists have to watch our budgets , you know .
One of the advantages comic strip kids have over , say , kids in TV sitcoms , is the actors do n't age and mess everything up .
When I created FoxTrot , I picked the kids ' ages for specific reasons and to create specific dynamics between them .
Aging the characters would n't necessarily be “ bad , ” but it would change everything , and I 'm not inclined to do that .
Besides , on a selfish level , I like getting to view the world through the excitable eyes of a nerdy 10 - year - old as part of my job .
GD : There 's also a sort of nerd maturity to Jason that his parents seem to support , if not fully encourage : Back in 1991 , Jason saw Terminator 2 repeatedly , and he was similarly engrossed in The Matrix at the decade 's end .
Do you ever get notes from people wondering what you 're thinking , sending a 10 - year - old - albeit one who 's not real - to see rated R movies ?
( Yes , this is a blatantly silly idea , but I can't help but think there are such people out there . )
BA : That 's more a function of my needs as a writer than anything else .
If I want to talk about a movie like The Matrix , Jason 's really the best personality for that , even if he¹s too young .
So I cross my fingers that no one cares .
Fortunately , the sorts of readers who would get overly mad about that probably do n't read FoxTrot .
GD : I love that the only themed FoxTrot collection to date is wholly focused on Jason 's geek side : Math , Science , and Unix Underpants , released last year .
Talk about putting that collection together and why it works , as opposed to , say , compiling a book of Peter 's sports mishaps or Roger 's family vacations gone awry .
BA : We may yet do a sports or vacation themed book , but for this first one I definitely wanted to do something collecting all the mathy strips I 've done .
I 'd gotten lots of requests for something akin to this for years every time a teacher saw a math or science FoxTrot strip in the paper and would e-mail asking where they could find more .
Initially I was worried that there would n't be enough to fill a whole book , but it turned out I 'd done so many that we had to bump up the page count .
Image : FoxTrot.com
GD : You took FoxTrot to a Sunday - only format in 2007 and just released the first resulting collection , FoxTrot Sundaes .
Has that made it any more or less difficult to tap into current touchstones like the recent Avatar strip , for example ?
BA : It 's a lot more difficult to be timely .
The Sundays need to be turned in about a month in advance , which means I have to do a lot more guessing about things than I did with the dailies ( which were done about 10 days in advance ) .
Webcomics have a big advantage over print comics in this regard .
GD : Let 's talk about your own geek tendencies :
You 're well - known as a World of WarCraft fan , you 've got a degree in physics , and you clearly put effort into things like Jason 's numerical word search .
What influenced this side of you when you were growing up , and what are your favorite sides of geek culture nowadays ?
BA : I 'm not sure I ever had any specific geek influences , per se .
My closest friends tended to be geeky and smart , and it was through friends that I discovered Tolkien and gaming and computer programming .
One of the things I love about modern geek culture is that with the interconnectedness of the Internet , it 's as if my circle of nerdy friends is hundreds of thousands of people in size .
I can discover and learn new things orders of magnitude faster than before .
And I love , love , love seeing geeky stuff like The Guild or xkcd having huge success without having to worry about how a mainstream audience will react .
GD : On the subject of video games , you 've attended the Penny Arcade Expos on both coasts and drawn a guest Penny Arcade strip , while within the FoxTrot world , Jason has progressed from playing the original NES to the likes of WoW .
How does your own video gaming history compare ?
BA : Well , I 've always been a Mac user , so my computer gaming has been somewhat limited .
For a while Myth2 and Starcraft owned my soul .
Now WoW is in control .
But I can quit anytime I want to .
Really .
My console gaming has largely dried up .
I think it has more to do with losing every game I play against my 13 - year - old son than anything else .
GD : In terms of pop culture and science fiction , the last decade or so really brought into focus the fact that the generations who grew up on the original Star Trek and , a little later , Star Wars and Atari , have had kids of their own .
As a father , did you consciously try to pass on your enthusiasm for the geekier side of life ?
Do you and your kids have shared interests in things like video gaming or science fiction or science and mathematics ?
BA : My daughter is on her high school robotics team and listens to Jonathan Coulton .
My son spends every spare moment watching game trailers on YouTube and begs me to play D&D with him .
I do n't think I consciously geekified them , but at least for now it looks like I did something .
GD : Talk a little about being involved with the Penny Arcade guys .
Your PAX East panel was packed , and you 've been openly enthusiastic about attending and speaking .
BA : I met Mike ( Krahulik ) and Jerry ( Holkins ) at the San Diego Comic - Con years ago and we 've kept in touch and now I occasionally play WoW with them and their circle of friends .
I think their work is phenomenal .
I finally got around to attending PAX in Seattle last fall and had a great time .
With PAX East , I gave basically the same talk I gave in Seattle … a slide show of some of my strips and a little discussion of my approach to introducing geeky stuff to a newspaper audience .
The turnout for both talks was mind - blowing .
GD : I 'd like to close with some of your thoughts on your somewhat unique position as a comic strip artist who has bridged a significant media gap : FoxTrot was born in the newspaper industry and still lives there , but online , it feels much more like a webcomic presence than a print comic simply slapped on a web page .
BA : One of the great ironies of FoxTrot for the last decade or so was that here I was doing this rather tech - savvy strip while at the same time having a completely lame web presence .
This was n't always the case .
Back in 1996 or thereabouts we launched foxtrot.com and we were doing some fun things for fans with message boards and Shockwave games .
But it was owned and operated by my syndicate and as their web priorities shifted , the site sort of atrophied and I was largely powerless to do much about it .
Eventually my zillion - year rookie contract ended and I was able to recently take ownership of the URL and the necessary rights and begin playing catch - up with what my webcomics friends are doing .
I think it 's going to be a lot of fun .
Check out Bill Amend 's weekly FoxTrot comics and blog at FoxTrot.com , or follow him – BillAmend – on Twitter .
You know what sells ?
Nostalgia .
And while you might be from the Kin generation , you have undoubtedly heard the W.O.P.R. supercomputer utter the text - to - speech phrase , " Shall we play a game ? " from the speaker resting atop David Lightman 's IMSAI 8080 .
The 1983 film WarGames is the stuff of nerd legend , of geek folklore ; a 1200 baud , acoustically - coupled , wardialing catalyst in a Hollywood blockbuster that gave phreakers mainstream cred and a real chance at Ally Sheedy .
Appraised at $ 25,000 , the perfectly preserved IMSAI 8080 and its associated peripherals will go sale to the general public soon .
So embrace it , buy it , and then hand over your icon of computing to the Smithsonian where it can be admired for generations .
See the 8080 after the break with a gratuitous WarGames trailer tossed in just for fun .
ST . LOUIS — Sources in the Cardinals organization confirmed Tuesday that , after completing private sliding lessons , Albert Pujols has been sliding feetfirst into equipment , open doorways , dirty laundry , teammates , dugouts , and anything else the three - time NL MVP can possibly slide into .
" His technique is nearly perfect , but I can't even warm up without him barreling across the field and sliding into the pitcher 's mound , " said Cardinals starter Brad Penny , adding that a suds - covered Pujols also slid into him several times last week during a postgame shower .
" I 'm worried he 'll wear himself out by sliding into the on - deck circle over and over again .
And there 's no reason he should be sliding into the St. Louis Arch . "
When asked to comment , Pujols slid into a group of reporters .
Advertisement
" We have mountains , rivers and sky and the most powerful of these is the sky , " he says as outside the snow begins to fall again .
" If the sky is in a good mood , it brings us warmth and moderate rains that bring us a good life .
But if the sky is angry it sends us cold and snow and then we are ruined . "
→ Washington ’s Blog
Experts on third world banana republics from the IMF and the Federal Reserve have said the U.S. has become a third world banana republic ( and see this and this ) .
Are they right ?
Well , let 's look at Wikipedia 's description of the four factors which make a country a banana republic .
Profits Privatized and Debts Socialized
The first feature of a banana republic as " A collusion between the overweening state and certain favored monopolistic concerns , whereby the profits can be privatized and the debts socialized . "
Check .
As I pointed out in November :
Nouriel Roubini writes in a recent essay :
This is a crisis of solvency , not just liquidity , but true deleveraging has not begun yet because the losses of financial institutions have been socialised and put on government balance sheets .
This limits the ability of banks to lend , households to spend and companies to invest ...
The releveraging of the public sector through its build - up of large fiscal deficits risks crowding out a recovery in private sector spending .
Roubini has previously written :
We 're essentially continuing a system where profits are privatized and ... losses socialized .
Nassim Nicholas
Taleb says the same thing : After finishing The Black Swan , I realized there was a cancer .
The cancer was a huge buildup of risk - taking based on the lack of understanding of reality .
The second problem is the hidden risk with new financial products .
And the third is the interdependence among financial institutions .
[ Interviewer ] :
But are n't those the very problems we 're supposed to be fixing ?
NT : They 're all still here .
Today we still have the same amount of debt , but it belongs to governments .
Normally debt would get destroyed and turn to air .
Debt is a mistake between lender and borrower , and both should suffer .
But the government is socializing all these losses by transforming them into liabilities for your children and grandchildren and great - grandchildren .
What is the effect ?
The doctor has shown up and relieved the patient 's symptoms – and transformed the tumour into a metastatic tumour .
We still have the same disease .
We still have too much debt , too many big banks , too much state sponsorship of risk - taking .
And now we have six million more Americans who are unemployed – a lot more than that if you count hidden unemployment .
[ Interviewer ] :
Are you saying the U.S. should n't have done all those bailouts ?
What was the alternative ?
NT : Blood , sweat and tears .
A lot of the growth of the past few years was fake growth from debt .
So swallow the losses , be dignified and move on .
Suck it up .
I gather you 're not too impressed with the folks in Washington who are handling this crisis .
Ben Bernanke saved nothing !
He should n't be allowed in Washington .
He 's like a doctor who misses the metastatic tumour and says the patient is doing very well .
Nobel prize winning economist Joseph Stiglitz calls it " socialism for the rich " .
So do many others .
Devalued Paper Currency
The second characteristic of a banana republic is " Devalued paper currency in the international community . "
Check .
Here 's a chart of the trade weighted US Dollar from 1973 - 2009 .
And here 's a bonus chart showing the decline in the dollar 's purchasing power from 1913 to 2005 :
Politicians Use Time in Office to Maximize Their Own Gains
The third characteristic of a banana republic is :
Kleptocracy -- those in positions of influence use their time in office to maximize their own gains , always ensuring that any shortfall is made up by those unfortunates whose daily life involves earning money rather than making it .
Check .
As I wrote last month :
Summers , Geithner , Bernanke and Congress like things just the way they are .
Of course they do ... they 're bought and paid for : Lobbyists from the financial industry have paid hundreds of millions to Congress and the Obama administration .
They have bought virtually all of the key congress members and senators on committees overseeing finances and banking .
The Congress people who receive the most money from lobbyists are the most opposed to regulation .
See this , this , this , this , this , this , and this .
Obama received more donations from Goldman Sachs and the rest of the financial industry than almost anyone else Summers and the rest of Obama 's economic team have made many millions - even in the first few months of being appointed , or right beforehand - from the financial industry Two powerful congressmen said that banks run Congress ...
The chairman of the Department of Economics at George Mason University ( Donald J. Boudreaux ) says that it is inaccurate to call politicians prostitutes .
Specifically , he says that they are more correct to call them " pimps " , since they are pimping out the American people to the financial giants ...
Corruption Remains Unchecked , Politicians Are Only for Show
And the fourth characteristic of a banana republic is :
There must be no principle of accountability within the government so that the political corruption by which the banana republic operates is left unchecked .
The members of the national legislature will be ( a ) largely for sale and ( b ) consulted only for ceremonial and rubber - stamp purposes some time after all the truly important decisions have already been made elsewhere .
Check .
There 's no accountability .
For example , former Vice President of Dallas Federal Reserve , who said that the failure of the government to provide more information about the bailout signals corruption .
As ABC writes :
Gerald O'Driscoll , a former vice president at the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas and a senior fellow at the Cato Institute , a libertarian think tank , said he worried that the failure of the government to provide more information about its rescue spending could signal corruption .
" Nontransparency in government programs is always associated with corruption in other countries , so I do n't see why it would n't be here , " he said .
As I noted in October :
William K. Black - professor of economics and law , and the senior regulator during the S & L crisis - says that that the government 's entire strategy now - as during the S&L crisis - is to cover up how bad things are ( " the entire strategy is to keep people from getting the facts " ) .
Indeed , as I have previously documented , 7 out of the 8 giant , money center banks went bankrupt in the 1980's during the " Latin American Crisis " , and the government 's response was to cover up their insolvency .
Black also says :
There has been no honest examination of the crisis because it would embarrass C.E.O.s and politicians . . .
Instead , the Treasury and the Fed are urging us not to examine the crisis and to believe that all will soon be well .
PhD economist Dean Baker made a similar point , lambasting the Federal Reserve for blowing the bubble , and pointing out that those who caused the disaster are trying to shift the focus as fast as they can :
The current craze in DC policy circles is to create a " systematic risk regulator " to make sure that the country never experiences another economic crisis like the current one .
This push is part of a cover - up of what really went wrong and does absolutely nothing to address the underlying problem that led to this financial and economic collapse .
Baker also says :
" Instead of striving to uncover the truth , [ Congress ] may seek to conceal it " and tell banksters they 're free to steal again .
Politicians are for sale .
And Congress made a big show of passing derivatives reform legislation , but actually weakened existing regulations .
In fact , the legislation was " probably written by JP Morgan and Goldman Sachs " ( two of the biggest derivatives players ) .
In other words , Congress just rubber - stamped decisions which were already made elsewhere .
The same is true with every other piece of financial " reform " legislation which has been passed .
See this and this .
It 's all for show , folks .
Dodd , Frank , Obama and all the other politicians of both parties ( with the exception of a handful trying to do the right thing ) are " consulted only for ceremonial and rubber - stamp purposes some time after all the truly important decisions [ about economic legislation ] have already been made elsewhere "
Without the Bananas
Wikipedia gives some additional background on the term " banana republic " :
Banana republic is a pejorative term originally used to refer to a country that is politically unstable , dependent on limited agriculture ( e.g. bananas ) , and ruled by a small , self - elected , wealthy , and corrupt clique .
Well , America is n't dependent on limited agriculture like bananas .
But just about the only areas of growth are in the military and in giant companies lavished with buckets of cash and special " favors " by Uncle Sugar .
As one commentator succinctly put it , America has become :
A banana republic with no bananas .
There is a comic here even though Wes has been in the trenches of a battlefield while Tony conquered a small nation .
And this weekend is ECCC !
It will be pure good times .
One common complaint aboutis that it does n't allow you to lie flat - you have to either crouch or stand .
Well , cry all you want but Papa DICE is n't going to change it . " Fyi we will not add prone based on anything .
You can stop asking now , " tweeted lead writer and designer David Goldfarb .
He 's probably in a position to know that sort of thing .
The officialtwitter than re-tweeted it , so this sounds pretty definitive .
The game 's only a month away so hoping for a pretty big balancing change like that was a bit naive .
The game 's Xbox 360 demo and PC beta are live now and a PS3 demo's on the way so you 'll have time to make the adjustment to sniping while crouched .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The BBC , ITV and Sky and the three main political parties have agreed on the rules for live prime ministerial debates in the run-up to the election .
The three 90 - minute sessions will begin by focusing on domestic policies , international affairs and the economy .
The studio audiences will then be able to ask direct questions on any subject , with viewers doing the same via e-mail .
Labour 's Gordon Brown , Tory David Cameron and Lib Dem Nick Clegg have welcomed the news .
Complex rules
The first debate , themed on domestic affairs , will be held in the north - west of England , with ITV newsreader Alastair Stewart moderating .
The second , focusing on global issues , will take place in south - west England , with Sky 's political editor Adam Boulton in charge .
The prime ministerial debates will involve an audience that can't clap or cheer or boo or heckle
Nick Robinson's Newslog
The third , broadcast by the BBC from the Midlands , will be moderated by Question Time host David Dimbleby and deal with the economy .
BBC political editor Nick Robinson said the debates on policy detail should provide some answers for viewers but complex rules would limit the role of the audience and the moderator .
Applause will be restricted to the beginning and end of the debates and the audience will not be allowed to respond to leaders ' answers .
' Delighted '
Broadcasters drew lots to determine the order of the debates and the themes while the parties drew lots for the order of speaking - Lib Dem leader Mr Clegg will open the first debate , Mr Brown the second , and Mr Cameron the third .
Mr Brown welcomed the news that agreement had been reached , saying : " I 'm so optimistic about the future of our country that I relish the opportunity to debate the big issues and to set out my vision about what we as a country can achieve together , and then let the people decide . "
All involved were very clear that these were events which should and could add to the understanding of voters as they make up their minds
Ric Bailey
BBC 's chief political adviser
Read the debates ' details here Mr Cameron said he was " absolutely delighted " about the debates .
He said : " I think people have got a right to look at the people putting themselves forward as our next prime minister and to see the choice and to see the change that we could make and to make up their own minds . "
For the Lib Dems , Mr Clegg said the debates would allow leaders to be put under " real scrutiny " .
" I think these debates will give people the chance to have a really good look at the leaders , their values , their character , their judgements , their policies , before they make up their mind how they are going to vote at the ballot box , " he said .
' Second class citizens '
The BBC is to hold separate party leader election debates in Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland and other parties will be able to respond to the debates on the news .
But for the SNP , Angus Robertson said : " London - based parties are going to receive exponentially more exposure and coverage than other political parties , I think licence fee payers and voters in Scotland will be asking themselves why they are being treated as second class citizens . "
And Welsh Assembly member Elin Jones , for Plaid Cymru , said the debates were being set up " in a way that will mislead people into thinking that only the London parties are taking part in this election " .
" In many constituencies in Wales , this election will be a two - horse race between Plaid Cymru and one other party , yet that will not be reflected in these debates , " she added .
The sessions will be broadcast on weekday evenings , in the final three full weeks of the election campaign - exact dates will be decided once the prime minister calls the election , widely expected to be held on 6 May .
Party leaders will open with a one - minute statement , then take questions from the audience , studio and public via e-mail .
They will have a minute to answer the question , a minute to react , and four minutes of free debate .
All questions - those on the main themes , and those from audience members and via e-mails - will be selected by a panel of senior journalists .
Handshakes between the candidates will be restricted to the end of the programme .
A spokesperson for the joint broadcasting panel welcomed the agreement , adding : " We were delighted by the positive atmosphere in all our dealings with the parties over the last few months , and the agreement we are jointly announcing today represents a major step forward in the way election campaigns can reach the entire population . "
The broadcasters have jointly appointed the market research company ICM to recruit an audience with a broad cross-section of views .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Scott Walker already loves Metro
Having mentioned that new winger Scott Walker took Metro to the Caps game on Monday night , I figure I should provide the follow - up .
This all comes courtesy of Vya Jairam of the Caps Radio Network , who taped a piece on how Walker 's Metro riding will endear him even more to the home crowd .
Walker started by telling Vya he plans to get a SmarTrip card , so taken is he with the mass - transit experience .
See , having played most of his career in Nashville and Raleigh , he had apparently never been on a subway system before .
" So I was excited to use it , little bit nervous at first obviously , " he told Vya .
" But man , people were so helpful .
I just kind of looked lost -- that was pretty easy to do -- and people just helped me and taught me how to go over and figure out how to pay for a ticket and how to get on .
I 'm sure I overpaid a bit , because I was just so scared that I was gonna get trapped in there , so I just made sure I put enough money that I could get in and out .
And man , I had a great time , and I 'm so excited to use it more now .
Now I 'm not so scared to just jump on it and head one or two stops or all the way , wherever . "
He had n't yet tried Metro before his wife and kids left town , and he said they were mad at him for not introducing them to mass transit .
" I was n't sure to take my kids on there and my wife yet because I did n't want to get lost , " he explained , " but now they 're thrilled and they 're excited to come back and give it a go and get downtown and go see the sights .... "
" My family , mom and dad , they asked me , ' Well , what 's it like , what 's the makeup ? ' " Walker later said .
" And I said ' Well , it 's mostly people headed to work or home from work or to school or whatever they do . '
I said ' They just go about their business , not really much chit-chatting .
Just people jump on , do a few stops and they 're off . '
It 's pretty interesting to see and it 's amazing to me how it works .
So for a small city kid it was pretty exciting , and now I 'm so glad , because now it 's so much easier to get around for me . "
But , Vya pointed out , as his toothless smile becomes more famous around town , it wo n't be as easy for Walker to slide anonymously into a seat .
" I 'll put my teeth in , " he suggested .
" Got to disguise it . "
PITTSBURGH -- Disgraced Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger has been traded for NHL Hall of Famer Mario Lemieux -- at the Pittsburgh Zoo & PPG Aquarium .
Roethlisberger 's name has been replaced with Lemieux's on a display that compares the height of elephants with other creatures .
Zoo spokeswoman Tracy Gray says some zoo visitors had expressed concerns about Roethlisberger 's name on the display .
She says Lemieux , the retired Pittsburgh Penguins star and team owner , is well - known and approximately the same height as Roethlisberger , about 6 - foot - 5 .
" Mr. Roethlisberger is n't the most popular person lately , " Gray , manager of public and media relations , told the Pittsburgh Post - Gazette .
The NFL has suspended Roethlisberger up to six games for his actions at a Georgia nightclub where a 20 - year - old college student accused him of sexual assault last month .
Roethlisberger was n't charged with any crime .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
Gives an overview of the major calibre features and how to get started using them .
Based on calibre version 0.8.0 .
Also available on YouTube .
Click to play
Download video : [ MP4 ] [ WEBM ]
I run into this post from Jeff Atwood , talking about the performance difference between managed and unmanaged code :
There were a lot of optimizations for this along the way , but the C++ version has soundly beaten the C# version .
As expected , right ?
Well , yes , but with extenuating circumstances .
So am I ashamed by my crushing defeat ?
Hardly .
The managed code achieved a very good result for hardly any effort .
To defeat the managed version , Raymond had to : Write his own file / io stuff
Write his own string class
Write his own allocator
Write his own international mapping
Of course he used available lower level libraries to do this , but that 's still a lot of work .
Can you call what 's left an STL program ?
I do n't think so , I think he kept the std :: vector class which ultimately was never a problem and he kept the find function .
Pretty much everything else is gone .
So , yup , you can definitely beat the CLR .
I think Raymond can make his program go even faster .
I find this interesting , because it is n’t really specific for C++ , in my recent performance sprint for the profiler , I had to :
Write my own paging system
Write my own string parsing routines
Write my own allocator
For the most part , performance optimizations fall into four categories :
Inefficient algorithms – O ( N ) notation , etc .
Inefficient execution – not applying caching , doing too much work upfront , doing unneeded work .
I/O Bound – the execution waits for a file , database , socket , etc .
CPU Bound – it just takes a lot of calculations to get the result .
I can think of very few problems that are really CPU Bounded , they tend to be very specific and small .
And those are just about the only ones that ’ll gain any real benefit from a faster code .
Of course , in pure math scenarios , which is pretty much where most of the CPU Bound code reside , there is n’t much of a difference between the language that you choose ( assuming it is not interpreted , at least , and that you can run directly on the CPU using native instructions ) .
But as I said , those are pretty rare .
In nearly all cases , you ’ll find that the # 1 cause for perf issues is IO .
Good IO strategies ( buffering , pre-loading , lazy loading , etc ) are usually applicable for specific scenarios , but they are the ones that will make a world of difference between poorly performing code and highly performing code .
Caching can also make a huge difference , as well as differing work to when it is actually needed .
I intentionally kept the “ optimize the algorithm ” for last , because while it can have drastic performance difference , it is also the easiest to do , since there is so much information about it , assuming that you did n’t accidently got yourself into an O ( N^ 2 ) or worse .
Even as the climate science becomes more definitive , polls show that public concern in the United States about global warming has been declining .
What will it take to rally Americans behind the need to take strong action on cutting carbon emissions ?
by Ted Nordhaus and Michael Shellenberger , Authors of Break Through : From the Death of Environmentalism to the Politics of Possibility
Over the past few months , polls on the belief that global warming is human - caused have declined .
The Pew Research Center indicated that belief that global warming is occurring had declined from 71 percent in April of 2008 to 56 percent in October — an astonishing drop in just 18 months .
The belief that global warming is human - caused declined from 47 percent to 36 percent .
The Pew statistics are consistent with the findings by Gallup in March that public concern about global warming had declined , that the number of Americans who believed that news about global warming was exaggerated had increased , and that the number of Americans who believed that the effects of global warming had already begun had declined .
The reasons offered for these declines are as varied as opinion about climate change itself .
Skeptics say the gig is up : Americans have finally figured out that global warming is a hoax .
Climate activists blame skeptics for sowing doubts about climate science .
Pew ’s Andrew Kohut , who conducted the survey , says it ’s ( mostly ) the economy , stupid .
And some folks have concluded that Americans , with our high levels of disbelief in evolution , are just too stupid or too anti-science to sort it all out .
The truth is both simpler and more complicated .
It is simpler in the sense that most Americans just are n’t paying a whole lot of attention .
Between being asked about things like whether they would provide CPR to save the life of a pet ( most pet owners say yes ) or whether they would allow their child to be given the swine flu vaccine ( a third of parents say no ) , pollsters occasionally get around to asking Americans what they think about global warming .
When they do , Americans find a variety of ways to tell us that they do n’t think about it very much at all .
Three years after it seemed that “ An Inconvenient Truth ” had changed everything , it turns out that it did n’t .
The current Pew survey is the latest in a series of studies suggesting that Al Gore probably had a good deal more effect upon elite opinion than public opinion .
Public opinion about global warming , it turns out , has been remarkably stable for the better part of two decades , despite the recent decline in expressed public confidence in climate science .
Roughly two - thirds of Americans have consistently told pollsters that global warming is occurring .
By about the same majority , most Americans agree that global warming is at least in part human - caused , with this majority roughly equally divided between those believing that warming is entirely caused by humans and those who believe it to be a combination of human and natural causes .
And about the same two - thirds majority has consistently supported government action to reduce greenhouse gas emissions since 1989 .
This would be good news for action to address climate change if most Americans felt very strongly about the subject .
Unfortunately , they do n’t .
Looking back over 20 years , only about 35 to 40 percent of the U.S. public worry about global warming “ a great deal , ” and only about one - third consider it a “ serious personal threat . ”
Moreover , when asked in open - ended formats to name the most serious problems facing the country , virtually no Americans volunteer global warming .
Even other environmental problems , such as air and water pollution , are often rated higher priorities by U.S. voters than global warming , which is less visible and is experienced less personally than many other problems .
What is arguably most remarkable about U.S. public opinion on global warming has been both its stability and its inelasticity in response to new developments , greater scientific understanding of the problem , and greater attention from both the media and politicians .
Public opinion about global warming has remained largely unchanged through periods of intensive media attention and periods of neglect , good economic times and bad , the relatively activist Clinton years and the skeptical Bush years .
And majorities of Americans have , at least in principle , consistently supported government action to do something about global warming even if they were not entirely sold that the science was settled , suggesting that public understanding and acceptance of climate science may not be a precondition for supporting action to reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
The more complicated questions have to do with why .
Why have Americans been so consistently supportive of action to address climate change yet so weakly committed ?
Why has two decades of education and advocacy about climate change had so little discernible impact on public opinion ?
And why , at the height of media coverage and publicity about global warming in the years after the release of Gore ’s movie , did confidence in climate science actually appear to decline ?
Political psychology can help us answer these questions .
First , climate change seems tailor - made to be a low priority for most people .
The threat is distant in both time and space .
It is difficult to visualize .
And it is difficult to identify a clearly defined enemy .
Coal executives may deny that global warming exists , but at the end of the day they ’re just in it for a buck , not hiding in caves in Pakistan plotting new and exotic ways to kill us .
Second , the dominant climate change solutions run up against established ideologies and identities .
Consider the psychological concept of “ system justification . ”
System justification theory builds upon earlier work on ego justification and group justification to suggest that many people have a psychological need to maintain a positive view of the existing social order , whatever it may be .
This need manifests itself , not surprisingly , in the strong tendency to perceive existing social relations as fair , legitimate , and desirable , even in contexts in which those relations substantively disadvantage the person involved .
Many observers have suggested that Gore ’s leading role in the global warming debate has had much to do with the rising partisan polarization around the issue .
And while this almost certainly has played a part , it is worth considering that there may be other significant psychological dynamics at play as well .
Dr. John Jost , a leading political psychologist at New York University , recently demonstrated that much of the partisan divide on global warming can be explained by system justification theory .
Calls for economic sacrifice , major changes to our lifestyles , and the immorality of continuing “ business as usual ” — such as going on about the business of our daily lives in the face of looming ecological catastrophe — are almost tailor - made to trigger system justification among a substantial number of Americans .
Combine these two psychological phenomena — a low sense of imminent threat ( what psychologists call low - threat salience ) and system justification — and what you get is public opinion that is highly resistant to education or persuasion .
Most Americans are n’t alarmed enough to pay much attention , and efforts to raise the volume simply trigger system - justifying responses .
The lesson of recent years would appear to be that apocalyptic threats — when their impacts are relatively far off in the future , difficult to imagine or visualize , and emanate from everyday activities , not an external and hostile source — are not easily acknowledged and are unlikely to become priority concerns for most people .
In fact , the louder and more alarmed climate advocates become in these efforts , the more they polarize the issue , driving away a conservative or moderate for every liberal they recruit to the cause .
These same efforts to increase salience through offering increasingly dire prognosis about the fate of the planet ( and humanity ) have also probably undermined public confidence in climate science .
Rather than galvanizing public demand for difficult and far - reaching action , apocalyptic visions of global warming disaster have led many Americans to question the science .
Having been told that climate science demands that we fundamentally change our way of life , many Americans have , not surprisingly , concluded that the problem is not with their lifestyles but with what they ’ve been told about the science .
And in this they are not entirely wrong , insofar as some prominent climate advocates , in their zeal to promote action , have made representations about the state of climate science that go well beyond any established scientific consensus on the subject , hyping the most dire scenarios and most extreme recent studies , which are often at odds with the consensus of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change .
These factors predate but appear to have been exacerbated by recession .
Pew ’s pollster Kohut points to evidence indicating that the recession has led many Americans to prioritize economic over environmental concerns and that this in turn has probably translated into greater skepticism about the scientific basis for environmental action .
But notably , both the Pew and Gallup data show that the trend of rising skepticism about climate science and declining concern about global warming significantly predate the financial crisis .
Pew found that from July 2006 to April 2008 , prior to the recession , belief that global warming was occurring declined from 79 percent to 71 percent and belief that global warming was a very or somewhat serious problem declined from 79 percent to 73 percent .
Gallup found that the percentage of Americans who believed that news of global warming was exaggerated rose from 30 percent in March of 2006 to 35 percent in March of 2008 .
So while these trends have accelerated over the last 18 months , they were clearly present in prior years .
Perhaps we should give the American public a little more credit .
They may not know climate science very well , but they are not going to be muscled into accepting apocalyptic visions about our planetary future — or embracing calls to radically transform “ our way of life ” — just because environmentalists or climate scientists tell them they must .
They typically give less credit to expert opinion than do educated elites , and those of us who tend to pay more attention to these questions would do well to remember that expert opinion and indeed , expert consensus , has tended to have a less sterling track record than most of us might like to admit .
At the same time , significant majorities of Americans are still prepared to support reasonable efforts to reduce carbon emissions even if they have their doubts about the science .
They may be disinclined to tell pollsters that the science is settled , just as they are not inclined to tell them that evolution is more than a theory .
But that does n’t stop them from supporting the teaching of evolution in their schools .
And it will not stop them from supporting policies to reduce carbon emissions — so long as the costs are reasonable and the benefits , both economic and environmental , are well - defined .
ABOUT THE AUTHORS
Ted Nordhaus , and Michael Shellenberger are the authors of Break Through : From the Death of Environmentalism to the Politics of Possibility and a recent collection of energy and climate writings , The Emerging Climate Consensus , with a preface by Ross Gelbspan , available for download at www.TheBreakthrough.org.
Note :
This article was edited from a previous version .
The first question for Rob Ford is a no- brainer : “ Why are you always in trouble ? ”
What other city councillor carries such colourful baggage into the race for mayor ?
In 2006 , security guards turfed him from a Leafs game at the ACC , after Ford , moist and garrulous by his own admission , berated some poor couple .
In 2008 , prosecutors charged him with assault after an incident with his wife , Renata , at their Etobicoke home .
Charges were dropped , but Ford left an impression , standing with his 3 - year - old daughter in his arms , teaching her to say , “ No comment . ”
Colleague Kyle Rae tells the Star : “ Rob ’s a buffoon . ”
That ’s for starters .
Wait until we get into his life story .
One feels the need for Tolstoy .
So why is Ford laughing at the opening question ?
He throws back his big blond head and guffaws , an odd pose , given he ’s practically got no neck .
He ’s all shoulders and football player bulk , 285 pounds on a 5 ’ 10 ” frame .
“ I ’m not always in trouble .
Why would you say that ? ” he asks coyly .
“ Look , I think it ’s comical because it ’s just not true .
There ’s no politician down there who works harder for their constituents than I do and I watch the taxpayers ’ money .
I guess that ’s why I ’m doing good in the mayor ’s race so far and why I ’ve been elected with 70 percent of the vote in my riding . ”
He ’s right about how he ’s doing .
It ’s been interesting since Ford , 40 , declared his candidacy in late March .
A Toronto Star - Angus Reid poll a week ago pegged his support at 27 percent of decided voters , only seven points behind long - time campaigner George Smitherman .
The left ’s Joe Pantalone had 14 percent , with the right ’s Rocco Rossi a point behind .
Admittedly , it ’s a small , early sample , with 51 percent undecided .
Still , could Ford ’s early numbers be a sign Tea Party politics — the kind that lu-uves Sarah Palin — are drifting northward to Canada ’s largest city and making sense to voters weary of a left - wing mayor ’s record ?
Could Robbie Buffoon have the last laugh on election day ?
“ Since he came late into the race , he ’s surprised people .
He ’s handled himself very well , almost demure , when people expect him to flail and scream , ” says Jodi Shanoff , senior vice - president , Angus Reid Public Opinion .
“ The poll is a reaction to the clarity with which he entered the race and staked out a claim to the right end of the spectrum .
Rossi , not as clearly .
. . .
I ’m curious , but it ’s a long , long road before Rob Ford can think of himself as mayor of Toronto . ”
Ford ’s the guy who pays his own office expenses and wants to put city spending under the microscope .
Get rid of $ 60 car registration fees .
“ What are we , the ministry of transport ? ”
He delights in describing councillors with bloated budgets , who eat in fancy restaurants , ride in big limousines and bop around the world .
“ If you want to go on vacation , use your own money . ”
Frankly , it ’s refreshing for a reporter to listen to a politician who actually knows something about bedbugs in Toronto public housing , and gets flushed - in - the - face angry /
“ They call me a buffoon and , if watching taxpayers ’ money and standing up and making sure councillors are accountable , well , sure . . . maybe I am , ” he says .
“ I ca n’t help it if councillors do n’t like me . ”
He talks to the Star on a recent Thursday at Deco Labels & Tags , the Etobicoke company co-founded by his late father , Douglas Ford .
He ’s chief financial officer and offers a proud tour of a wholly family - owned operation that employs 250 in Toronto , Chicago and New Jersey and does close to $ 100 million in annual sales .
We ’re in an office with a framed photo of his father , former offensive guard for the East York Argos , business leader , philanthropist , Conservative MPP in the Mike Harris government and , to his youngest son , an idol .
His dad grew up dirt - poor in the east end , the youngest of nine , leaving school in Grade 5 to help his mother , known to the grandkids as “ Big Nana . ”
“ My mom says I ’m the spitting image of my dad , ” says Ford , beaming .
Douglas and Diane Ford had three other children : Kathy ; Doug , who runs the Chicago operation and his brother ’s campaign ; and Randy , who runs Deco in Toronto .
Ford ca n’t get over his dad ’s death .
On July 1 , 2006 , he announced he had colon cancer .
He was dead within three months , at 73 .
Ford calls it “ the worst experience I ’ve ever gone through . ”
“ What did he ever do to anyone ?
It was so sad to see someone who helped out so many people — he donated millions to the poorest of the poor — have to suffer and die like that .
He was just gasping at the end .
If you ’ve ever heard a death rattle , it ’s a ghastly affair . ”
A long pause .
“ Oh man .
It ’s rough .
Terrible .
It makes me upset when I think about it . ”
Ford is still seething : “ He could have lived a lot longer .
There was nothing wrong , you know .
. . .
All his friends ( are ) still alive .
They ’re all 75 , like my mom .
He just got gypped 10 years and I do n’t know why .
“ He ’s the last guy who deserved to go through what he went through . . . he taught Sunday school . . .
There are hardened criminals , murderers , that do n’t suffer like he suffered . . . .
But , like you said , life ’s not fair . . . I just ca n’t figure it out . ”
This family is , to say the least , interesting .
“ Like my dad said , ‘ Many are called , few are chosen . ’
It ’s on his tombstone .
The Ford family was chosen , ” he says .
In a manner of speaking , perhaps .
“ Our family has been through everything — from murder to drugs to being successful in business , ” he says .
“ We ’ve dealt with the very , very poor and the worst , worst tragedies . . . nobody can tell me a story that can shock . ”
He talks about his sister , complaining , “ the media never got it straight . ”
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
How ’s this for an explanation : “ The killer was n’t her ex-husband , it was an old boyfriend . ”
As Ford tells it , Kathy Ford ’s first boyfriend was Mike , before she married Jeff and had a daughter .
After divorcing Jeff , she lived six years with Ennio , bearing a son .
She left Ennio and went back to Mike , and they rented a cottage up north .
Ford :
In 1998 , “ from what I was told ( by the kids ) , Ennio knocked on the cottage door and Mike answered it and Ennio shot him in the head ” with a sawed - off shotgun .
Charges were laid ; Ennio went to prison for manslaughter .
In 2005 , Ford says someone else “ shot the top of her head off . ”
Press reports suggest it was an accident ; two men were charged with firearms - related offences .
She ’s functioning well , he says , living with her two children and on methadone for her heroin addiction .
“ Bizarre , yeah , it ’s really bizarre , ” he says .
“ We all backed Kathy 100 percent ; maybe what she was doing was wrong , but you do n’t just throw people out into the street for doing the wrong stuff . ”
And that thing with his wife ?
“ Nothing happened .
My wife got mad at me .
She made an allegation that was n’t true and the charges never even got to court . . .
I ’ve never laid a hand on a woman in my life .
Rule No. 1 in the Ford family : You never touch a woman . ”
Other incidents seem muddier .
Did he tell a couple at the Air Canada Centre that the wife should “ go to Iran and get raped and shot ? ”
He says he did n’t , but does n’t clarify .
In a letter to city hall , they claimed he did .
He apologized .
“ That was just stupidity .
I feel terrible about it .
My wife and I had a little bit too much to drink . . .
I made a mistake that will never happen again . ”
A Carleton University political science student who left university two credits short of graduating to help his sister with her personal problems , ( and former centre for the Ravens football team ) , he estimates he ’s made 10,000 home visits in his 10 years on council .
Ford is itching to get at the Toronto Community Housing Corporation .
“ They treat people worse like animals . . .
There needs to be a good cleaning at TCHC , and I ’m the one to do it . ”
Rexdale resident Angela Wilson says of her councillor : “ He always cares , he listens and looks after things .
He ’s a good person and he ’d be a great mayor . ”
Critics roll their eyes .
“ I do n’t believe city council would follow Rob Ford , ” says Toronto - Centre - Rosedale ’s Kyle Rae .
“ He ’s not informed , he does n’t read the agenda , does n’t read reports . . . a buffoon . ”
Rae points to an Easter Monday 10 p.m. call to his office from Ford that had his staff giggling .
In a slow voice , Ford asks for support .
Rae : “ Sounds like he just woke up or is under the influence . ”
More guffaws from Ford .
“ I was n’t drunk and I have n’t smoked pot in 25 years . . .
You call every councillor and MPP twice , and see how you sound . ”
Listen to Ford ’s late night appeal for political support from Kyle Rae at thestar.com .
Georgian security forces have foiled a criminal plot to sell weapons - grade uranium on the black market , the country 's president told a gathering of world leaders yesterday .
The revelation brought a sense of urgency to the Washington summit on nuclear security , where Barack Obama called on the rest of the world " not simply to talk , but to act " to destroy vulnerable stockpiles of nuclear material , or to safeguard them against theft by terrorists .
Last night , the US president welcomed an announcement by his Russian counterpart to shut down his country 's last plant producing plutonium , in the Siberian , formerly closed city of Zheleznogorsk .
Obama said it demonstrated " Russia 's leadership on nuclear issues " .
As part of its contribution to the cause of nuclear security , France offered to open a nuclear site to UN inspection and President Nicolas Sarkozy proposed that any leader found transferring nuclear material to terrorists should face trial before an international court .
Pakistan came under particular scrutiny in Washington because of widespread fears that extremists could steal a weapon from its nuclear arsenal , and because of its opposition to a treaty that would ban the production of fissile material .
But the revelation from Georgian president Mikheil Saakashvili of a nuclear smuggling case served as a reminder that there is still considerable uncertainty about whether the weapons and fissile material left behind when the Soviet Union collapsed have been fully accounted for .
Georgian sources said the highly - enriched uranium – HEU – was intercepted in a sting operation carried out by the Tbilisi authorities in March without international assistance .
They said the uranium was more than 70 % enriched .
The exact analysis is expected in a few days , but it appears to have been pure enough to use in a crude nuclear weapon .
The amount seized was small , measured in grams , so nowhere near the 25kg minimum needed for a functioning bomb , but Georgian officials said the gang was offering the HEU as a sample of a bigger quantity available for purchase .
The officials would not comment on the nationality of the gang .
" The Georgian ministry of interior has foiled eight attempts of illicit trafficking of enriched uranium during the last 10 years , including several cases of weapons - grade enrichment .
Criminals associated with these attempts have been detained , " the Georgian president told the summit .
" The most recent case of illicit trafficking was the attempted sale of highly enriched uranium in March of this year . "
The seizure echoes the case of Oleg Khinsagov , a North Ossetian smuggler who was arrested in 2006 trying to sell 100g of HEU in Georgia .
He also claimed to his would - be buyers that the sample , which was found to be nearly 90 % enriched , was just a sample from a bigger batch .
Khinsagov is now serving an eight - year sentence , but this latest case suggests a bigger batch of stolen HEU may well exist .
Since 1993 , the International Atomic Energy Agency has confirmed 15 cases of smuggling of weapons - grade HEU or plutonium , but UN investigators admit they have no idea how much of the trade they are seeing .
There are fears that only petty operators are being caught and that more organised gangs are evading capture .
Matthew Bunn , a leading expert on nuclear security at Harvard University , said : " One of the troubling things about past cases in Georgia is that there was some evidence that this was the activity of an organised criminal group and they were selling lots from the same batch of material .
Its an interesting question whether this is the same group . "
Bunn added : " I hope this puts the fear of God into other leaders and convince them that this a real problem and an ongoing problem .
" US officials pointed to some concrete successes from the summit .
Ukraine and Canada said they would no longer use HEU in research reactors , and switch to low enriched uranium ( LEU ) – which is much harder to turn into a bomb .
Canada 's HEU will be shipped to the US , from where it originally came , for safekeeping .
The Ukrainian HEU originally came from the Soviet Union and will be returned to Russia ..
Malaysia announced it had enforced tougher controls on the shipment of nuclear equipment .
The summit affirmed the support of the 47 nations for Obama 's goal of securing the stockpiles of fissile material within four years , and called for more countries to switch from HEU to low - enriched uranium reactors .
It also called on the ratification of UN conventions aimed at setting international standards for nuclear security .
Some countries , including France , pledged to accelerate the ratification process .
There were pledges of more financial support for the International Atomic Energy Agency , which will play a newly enhanced role in monitoring and reinforcing global security standards .
There were no binding commitments in the communiqué or a more detailed workplan that was issued alongside it , but rather a political pledge to deliver results in the two years before the next summit , to be held in South Korea .
Meanwhile , agreement was reached that top officials , or sherpas , from the 47 countries would meet every six months .
STOCKHOLM ( Reuters ) -
The H1N1 pandemic flu virus could kill up to 40,000 people across Europe and be followed by seasonal flu waves that could kill the same number , European health experts said on Friday .
Dynamo Kiev 's fans wear face masks as a preventive measure against the H1N1 flu during their Champions League soccer match against Inter Milan in Kiev November 4 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Gleb Garanich
The Sweden - based European Center for Disease Prevention and Control said epidemics of H1N1 , known as swine flu , were now affecting almost all countries in the European Union but it could not predict how intense the peaks would be .
What was certain , it said , was that the pandemic would continue to kill thousands and put many patients into intensive care as the northern hemisphere ’s winter sets in .
“ All European countries will be affected , and this will put considerable stress on healthcare systems , ” said ECDC director Zsuzsanna Jakab .
The ECDC , which monitors disease in the European Union and European free trade area ( EFTA ) , said it was hard to predict what the mix of pandemic and seasonal flu viruses would bring but there was a risk of seasonal flu epidemics “ early in 2010 when the pandemic waves have passed . ”
Angus Nicoll , the ECDC ’s flu coordinator , said in non-pandemic situations , seasonal flu could kill up to 40,000 people in Europe -- and H1N1 could do the same .
“ That is not a trivial number , ” he said .
“ And the fact that H1N1 is happening in younger adults , pregnant women and people without risk factors ... makes it feel different . ”
RISKS AND DEATHS
The ECDC said experience from the United States and the southern hemisphere showed pregnant women with the virus are 10 times more likely to need intensive care than those with no risk factors .
Those with asthma and chronic respiratory diseases have three times the risk and the very obese six times the risk .
But it also said evidence so far shows some 20 to 30 percent of H1N1 deaths are among healthy young people .
The ECDC ’s latest daily update said all 27 EU and four EFTA countries have cases of H1N1 pandemic flu and there have been 389 deaths linked to H1N1 in the region since April , including 154 in Britain , 73 in Spain , 25 in Italy and 22 in France .
The ECDC ’s global toll showed 6,005 fatal cases of H1N1 have been reported .
The WHO , which updates its figures weekly , said on Thursday 5,712 people have died worldwide since H1N1 was discovered earlier this year .
The ECDC said the numbers of fatal cases associated with pandemic flu were “ likely to be gross underestimates ” as access to healthcare and lab tests varied from country to country .
GlaxoSmithKline and Sanofi-Aventis are among some 25 companies making pandemic vaccines , while other drugmakers including Roche are making antiviral therapies for use as frontline H1N1 treatment .
Nicoll said vaccination programs which started in some European countries in recent weeks were vital to protecting those most at risk but had come too late to halt the disease .
“ We ’re not trying at this stage to protect the whole of society with the vaccines .
The strategy is to protect the vulnerable . ”
Andrew Montford ( Bishop Hill ) and Andrew Orlowski of the Register quickly pointed out that Oxburgh failed to disclose that he was UK Vice Chair of Globe International .
Bishop
Hill reports that Oxburgh is one of four directors of the company .
Globe International is an off - balance sheet “ private company ” funded predominantly by governments and NGOs .
As a private company , I guess that it is unaccountable .
It brings legislators together – with a particular concern to the advancement of climate change legislation .
Its webpage contains glowing testimonials from leading politicians .
In late October , it sponsored an ambitious lead - in meeting of legislators in Copenhagen , hosted by the Prime Minister of Denmark .
Oxburgh is listed one of the participating legislators – together with Ed Miliband of the UK , Sam Fankhauser , Chief Economist , GLOBE International and Principal Research Fellow at the Grantham Research Institute on Climate Change and the Environment , Yvo de Boer , of IPCC and the UN Framework , Ed Markey ( video ) , Nancy Pelosi by video and others .
A list of speakers is here .
Oxburgh ’s profile says that he is UK Vice Chair .
On March 30 , 2009 , Globe International launched a major iniative in Washington DC , an initiative attended by Ed Markey who warmly thanked then Globe International President Elliott Morley of the UK ( speech here ) .
Morley is one of four MPs recently charged with criminal offences arising from the UK MP expenses scandal .
The participants to the Globe International meeting in Copenhagen were given a warm welcome by the current president of Globe International , Stephen Byers , another UK , MP .
Byers also features prominently in recent UK news .
A few days ago , the Times broke a story in which Byers described himself as “ sort of cab for hire ” :
Stephen Byers , former trade and transport secretary , was secretly recorded offering himself “ like a sort of cab for hire ” for up £ 5,000 a day .
He also suggested bringing Tony Blair to meet clients .
Byers ’ charges were for consultancy per diems .
The Times secretly recorded the conversation – see here .
Make sure that you listen .
Labour defenders argue that Byers ’ influence peddling did n’t “ matter ’ , because he did n’t have much influence – see New Statesman here for example .
It ’s funny how arguments in those sorts of situations tend to follow the same pattern .
I had n’t heard of Globe International prior to this incident .
Naming an officer and director of Globe International as chair of the CRU inquiry seems pretty insouciant .
But Oxburgh ’s UK associates at Globe International – Elliott Morley and Stephen Byers – do n’t seem to feel that rules that apply to others should apply to them .
Perhaps Oxburgh feels the same way about impartiality obligations .
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on Saturday called the September 11 attacks on the United States a " big fabrication " that was used to justify the US war on terrorism , the official IRNA news agency reported .
Ahmadinejad , who often rails against the West and Israel , made the comment in a meeting with Intelligence Ministry personnel .
It came amid escalating tension in the long - running dispute between Iran and the West over Tehran 's nuclear program , with the United States pushing for new UN sanctions against the major oil producer .
Ahmadinejad described the destruction of the twin towers in New York on September 11 , 2001 as a " complicated intelligence scenario and act , " IRNA reported .
He added : " The September 11 incident was a big fabrication as a pretext for the campaign against terrorism and a prelude for staging an invasion against Afghanistan . "
He did not elaborate .
Nearly 3,000 people died in the hijacked airliner attacks on New York and Washington , which were carried out by al Qaeda operatives .
In January , Ahmadinejad termed the September 11 attacks " suspicious " and accused the West of seeking to dominate the Middle East .
Ahmadinejad , who has called for Israel to be wiped off the map , was re-elected in a disputed presidential vote last June that stirred the largest display of internal unrest in the country since the 1979 Islamic revolution .
Harper 's Youtube Political Dilemma : Cannabis Legalization
“ It sounded like a good idea at the time ” .
I fully expect those to be the words beginning to thrum in the mind of Canada ’s Prime Minister , Stephen Harper , following his announced acceptance of Google ’s offer to stream his response to the throne speech today , and to answer YouTubers ’ questions on YouTube next Tuesday , March 16th .
It is a decision that has put him in an uncomfortable spot with respect to the issue of marijuana legalization .
Until Sunday , March 14th , the public will have the ability both to submit a question and to rank all of the questions submitted .
The questions are not edited , so the whole process lacks the protection usually afforded by the mainstream media : Harper faces questions that concern the public , rather than questions designed to highlight the concerns or agendas of media interests .
The most shocking result , so far : all three of the three most popular questions so far – by a landslide – all deal with …cannabis legalization .
I reproduce , below , the top three questions and their rankings ( as of 6:05 PM on March 11 , 2010 ) , together with the fourth , which is not cannabis related .
“ A majority of Canadians when polled say they believe marijuana should be legal for adults and taxes like alcohol .
Why do n’t you end the war on drugs and focus on violent criminals . ”
Dan Grice , Langley
Like : 731
Dislike:95
“ When over 45 % of Canadians admit to smoking cannabis at least once in their lives , as well as 14 % using it monthly , is n’t it time to stop putting people in jail for victimless crimes and start to take the drug trade away from the black market ? ”
Francais McKellan , Edmonton , Alberta
Like : 651
Dislike : 114 “ PM Harper , marijuana is one of BC ’s largest exports .
This rumored $ B. industry goes untaxed .
Why not legalize , & tax the drug that statistically is less harmful than Tobacco and Alcohol ?
Has your gov. discussed controlled legalization ?
What can we do ? ”
Mark Radford , Toronto
Like : 281
Dislike :63
Fourth most popular question :
Why is the government not more open about the Afghan detainee issue ?
Every time a legitimate question is asked , the response is that we should “ support our troops ” and look the other way . ”
Like : 300
Dislike : 114
If this rather overwhelming popularity of cannabis legalization questions continues until voting ends on Sunday , the Prime Minister will be facing a very significant dilemma .
Specifically , marijuana legalization collides head - on with the Conservative government ’s bill C - 15 from last session ; a bill that would impose oppressive mandatory minimum imprisonment sentences for various cannabis offenses , including growing six cannabis plants for personal consumption .
All signs are beginning to point to the probability that C - 15 was the predominant reason for proroguing Parliament .
Shortly prior to proroguing , the then Liberal - dominated Senated made changes to C - 15 that Justice Minister Rob Nicholson regarded as a “ gutting ” of the bill .
Of particular note , the Senate removed mandatory minimums for those growing 5 to 200 cannabis plants .
Nicholson flipped .
Following the alleged gutting , the Prime Minister had Parliament prorogued , then appointed enough Senators to overwhelm Liberal opposition to C - 15 .
The Justice Minister has recently stated that , of all of the crime bills that got tossed in the garbage due to the prorogation of Parliament , C - 15 is the one bill that is certain to be re-introduced .
And he intends to re-introduce it in its original form .
This time , a newly Conservative - friendly Senate may be able to get C - 15 passed without amendments .
However , now , the Prime Minister is facing a culture – a younger , pro-cannabis legalization culture – from which the mainstream media have , arguably unintentionally , been protecting him ( by focusing on issues such as the treatment of Afghani detainees instead of on such things as the possible extradition to the USA of Canadian cannabis seed seller Marc Emery ) .
He has three main choices ( which means , I suppose , he faces a trilemma … but that does n’t make for a very catchy headline ) :
Do n’t answer any of the cannabis legalization questions .
This is certain to be a mistake ; a mistake upon which the Liberal and NDP parties could easily pounce ( especially the latter , which has been openly pro-legalization since NDP party leader Jack Layton appeared on Marc Emery ’s pot.tv internet television station in the fall of 2003 ) .
There are just so many ways for the opposition parties to spin it ( see various ways , listed below ) Answer the cannabis legalization question (s ) , but use one of the off - the - shelf , red - herring , lame responses .
There are a predictable handful of those .
Any opposition party leader worthy of having his job will easily be able to damage the Prime Minister ’s credibility and honesty by simply showing that such answers are always red-herrings intended to hide the real reason for cannabis prohibition : fear of trade sanctions by the USA .
See below for a list of typical pro-prohibition arguments , together with how the use of each demonstrates the dishonesty and untrustworthiness of those who use them .
Defend cannabis prohibition , but do it by using the actual and truthful reason for which Canada continues to prohibit it .
The real reason – one already admitted by the Prime Minster when he was opposition leader earlier in the decade , is that the U.S. federal government ( under the Presidency of George W. Bush ) has threatened to slow border crossings if Canada legalizes cannabis .
In other words , the U.S. has threatened actions that , in theory , could reduce the profits of Canadian companies .
The obvious responses for opposition parties who are awake at the switch : that Harper and the Conservatives are willing to expropriate , fine and imprison peaceful Canadians – to sacrifice them – so that a handful of Canadians owning companies can make bigger profits .
Another : that the Conservatives care about sovereignty when it comes to defending various companies ’ potential oil and gas profits in the artic , but that they care not a smidgen about sovereignty when it comes to the life , liberty and property of Canadian individuals .
In short : unless there is a drastic change in the rankings of questions posed and ranked by YouTubers , it is safe to say that the Prime Minister ’s attempt to be hip , cool , forthcoming , and warm may unavoidably have achieved the exact opposite .
On the other hand , a wise politician should never be afraid to reverse his policies – to change his mind – when , after a good consultation with the electorate , he has had a chance to reconsider and find his earlier position to have been wrong for the country .
The best move for Harper : say he has reconsidered , having consulted directly with Canadians and heard several novel and good comments about cannabis prohibition , and that he has changed his mind ; say that regime change in the U.S. ( Obama admits to having inhaled pot “ frequently … that was the point ” ) has been another of his considerations .
In short : turf C - 15 , and “ Free Marc Emery ” ( i.e. , decide against extraditing him to the U.S. ) .
It will be a chronic badge of coolness for Harper and the Conservative camp , and a chance for Conservatives to undermine ever - present assertions that Conservatives do n’t love Canada ( or love America : often regarded as the same thing ) .
Interpretations of a Decision , by Harper , Not to Answer Cannabis Legalization Questions .
That Harper is afraid of disappointing the religious right backbone of the Conservative Party ;
That Harper is a lapdog to the US government and fears saying anything that would cause the US to slow border - crossings ( as was threatened by George W. Bush ’s drug Czar , John Walters , in 2002 - 04 when the Senate was recommending legalization and the governing Liberals were openly proposing cannabis decriminalization ) .
This argument has the double - impact of undermining Conservative rhetoric about being strong on sovereignty , and suggests that Conservatives care about sovereignty when it comes to some Canadian companies getting rich off of oil and gas reserves in the Arctic , but not when Canadians face extradition to an American system that punishes cannabis offenses more harshly than murder and rape offenses ( for example , even though , under Canadian law , the few seed sellers who have been charged generally have received nothing but a small fine for their “ crime ” , Emery ’s seed sales would give rise to the death penalty under U.S. federal law … Emery is protected from that fate only by Canada ’s extradition laws , that prevent a Justice Minister from extraditing a person to a possible death sentence until guarantees are obtained that capital punishment will not be imposed upon the Canadian so extradited ) ;
That Harper – or Conservatives in general – are just plain uncool , too drunk to smoke cannabis yet somehow sober enough to govern , and more than a little cruel .
Ways to Rebut Any Red-herring Answers that Harper Gives to Cannabis Legalization Questions .
Lame Response # 1 : that smoking cannabis is bad for you , so it is prohibited .
This excuse is more than lame .
It ’s patronizing .
Our government is our servant , not our nanny .
Why does the government ban cannabis because of its alleged harmfulness , while not banning much more destructive and addictive substances , including alcohol and tobacco ?
Answer : the harmfulness of cannabis is a red herring ; it is not , honestly , the the government ’s true reason for banning cannabis .
This excuse is more than lame .
It ’s patronizing .
Our government is our servant , not our nanny .
Why does the government ban cannabis because of its alleged harmfulness , while not banning much more destructive and addictive substances , including alcohol and tobacco ?
Answer : the harmfulness of cannabis is a red herring ; it is not , honestly , the the government ’s true reason for banning cannabis .
Lame Response # 2 : that cannabis is banned because , otherwise , children might smoke it .
Equally lame : children smoke tobacco and drink alcohol , but we do not prohibit those substances , even though they are much more harmful to children , and they are addictive .
Why ?
Answer : preventing children from smoking an allegedly harmful substance is not genuinely the government ’s reason for banning cannabis .
Equally lame : children smoke tobacco and drink alcohol , but we do not prohibit those substances , even though they are much more harmful to children , and they are addictive .
Why ?
Answer : preventing children from smoking an allegedly harmful substance is not genuinely the government ’s reason for banning cannabis .
Lame Response # 3 : that we must prevent people from driving while under the influence of cannabis .
Perhaps , but , as compared to the numerous drunks who have killed people with their cars , how often does anyone ever read of a driver killing someone with his car because he had been smoking marijuana ?
If dangerous driving is a basis for prohibition , why is alcohol not prohibited while cannabis is prohibited ?
Answer : driving while under the influence of cannabis is not genuinely the government ’s reason for banning cannabis .
Any attempt to tell marijuana smokers that the above are reasons for prohibiting cannabis can only undermine Harper ’s credibility , and undermine respect for the government in general .
Any half - witted opposition leader should be able to use any such responses , by Harper , as :
a general attack on the Prime Minister ’s credibility ;
a basis for arguing that his real reasons for continuing to prohibit cannabis are based upon appealing to a clique of religious , or racist , or old - fashioned party loyalists ;
as a basis for arguing that the Harper government will make up any excuse in order to avoid appearing spineless in the face pressures from U.S. politicians serving the intellectually endarkened , banjo - playing , bible - thumping , constituencies of political forces in the states whose biggest fear remains the possibility that marijuana will be used to turn their good little lily - white daughters in to rap - loving mothers of children of “ mixed race ” ( which racist fears were the origin of U.S. laws prohibiting marijuana…well , that and Jazz – music introduced to humanity chiefly by wonderfully talented “ black ” Americans in a time when “ whites ” expected “ blacks ” not to even glance at “ white ” women ) .
[ For the record : I do n’t subscribe to the idea of dividing humanity into phenotypically - defined “ races ” .
I ’m a “ one race : the human race ” fella … . and I do n’t smoke the herb . ]
ADDENDUM
( added March 12 , 2010 at 2:05 PM )
It has been reported that three MPs in Canada ’s Parliament – one from each of the Conservative , NDP , and Liberal parties ( the only other party holding seats in Parliament is a Quebec - based secessionist party ) – will be presenting petitions to Parliament demanding that Canada ’s Justice Minister decide against allowing Marc Emery , a Canadian whose Canada - based mail order cannabis seed selling business was closed in July of 1995 pursuant to a U.S. warrant for the arrest of Emery and two of his colleagues , which was executed on Canadian soil by Canada ’s RCMP .
He paid his taxes , operated his business blatantly , was often featured on major Canadian national news programs as a cannabis seed seller , and was known by Canadian tax authorities to be deriving his $ 300 k + annual income tax payments from cannabis seed sales around the world , including the USA .
Emery ran his seed selling business continuously from 1994 through 1995 , with Canadian legislative , enforcement , and judicial branches knowingly leaving him to do so .
He remains in Canada , awaiting a political decision by Canada ’s Justice Minister – Rob Nicholson – as to whether or not to grant the USA ’s request to have Emery extradited to the USA .
Emery is not charged with anything in Canada .
Seed sellers in Canada – on the few occasions they have been charged – have received small fines rather than prison terms .
Had Emery been on US soil when arrested , his activities – under US law – would permit the judiciary in the US to sentence him to the death penalty , or to spending the rest of his life in prison .
Emery has claimed that there is a deal in place whereby , if extradited , he will serve 5 years in U.S. prisons .
However , U.S. authorities will make no comment about whether such a deal exists .
For Harper , the timing of the petitions could not come at a worse time ( assuming the cannabis legalization question remains the # 1 question posed by YouTubers ) .
On the heels of hearings about the abuse of Afghani detainees – hearings that effectively were ended by the Harper government ’s decision to prorogue Parliament – not answering questions about cannabis legalization only one day after these three petitions have been supported by MPs from all three parties could lead to further accusations that the Harper government regards itself as above the law , and as being both afraid of and exempt from public accountability .
Stay tuned .
Tuesday promises to be interesting .
My wife and children surprised me last week with a fantastic geek find .
While perusing a collection of used books , they found a cute little Return of the Jedi tie - in book entitled The Ewoks Save the Day .
This is a pop-up book that was produced in 1983 .
It ’s super fun and super cute .
Here are some photos of the book .
These photos do n’t cover every page , but they do cover the better ones .
And yes , those are my original 1977 Star Wars bed sheets in the background !
My step - son sleeps on them nowadays .
Makes me proud .
It may be difficult to tell , but the hanging net above actually swings across the page as you open the book .
Very cool !
I love how the book refers to the second Death Star throughout as “ Death Star 2 ″ .
Makes me want to say , “ Death Star 2 : Electric Boogaloo ” in honor of Chocotaco .
The pop -up engineering above is pretty neat .
As you open the page , the logs come up and then settle near the AT - ST ’s feet .
Very nice way to capture the spirit of the film .
When I read the page above , I ca n’t help thinking , “ Hey Chewie … it ’s okay to love the Ewoks , just do n’t love the Ewoks . ” … or … ” Theirs was a forbidden love . ”
Cute book , but if you ’re like me you ca n’t help wondering , “ Was it better than the TV movies The Ewok Adventure and Ewoks : The Battle for Endor ? ”
And if you ’re like me … then I feel pity for you that a question like that actually crossed your mind .
Here is a shot of the pattern on my 1977 Star Wars bed sheets .
In college , my roommate and I used these sheets to cover our ugly couch .
I tried that with my wife , but it did n’t work out so well .
She made me go and buy a new couch instead .
Editor 's note :
This is the first in a series of posts on new apps in the Google Apps Marketplace that have caught our eye here at Google .
We ’ll do this every couple weeks or so .
Look for the label " marketplace highlights " and subscribe to the series .
Businesses that use Google Apps not only get access to Google 's applications , they also get easy access to some of the best business apps on the web through the Google Apps Marketplace .
These Marketplace apps are easy to try and buy , and integrate with Google Apps " out of the box " , making it even easier for businesses to run more of their systems in the cloud .
Today ’s update includes apps for creating diagrams and charts , CRM and project management , accounting , and personal scheduling .
Google Apps admins can easily deploy these apps to users in their domain via the Google Apps Marketplace .
Many of the apps below are free or offer free trials .
You can learn more about the Marketplace and watch a short video on how it works here
Creately - Online Diagramming and Design
Creately is an online diagramming application built for project teams .
Create wireframes , flowcharts , UML diagrams , Network Diagrams , mind maps and more diagram types with ease .
Create ANY diagram : flowcharts , UI Mockups to UML
Powerful project based collaboration
Full featured , intuitive interface
Insightly - CRM and Project Management
Insightly is a CRM and Project Management package designed specially for Google Apps .
Track leads , proposals , opportunities , projects and manage files , all through an easy to use interface .
Insightly is a CRM and Project Management package designed specially for Google Apps .
Track leads , proposals , opportunities , projects and manage files , all through an easy to use interface .
Track leads , proposals , opportunities and projects
Full history of customer interaction
Central shared contact list
Rhino Accounting - Accounting
Rhino Accounting is online accounting software for small businesses .
It is totally integrated with Google Apps so you do n't need to duplicate your contacts or have yet another login .
Always free
Full double - entry bookkeeping
Easily email invoices
Teambox - Project Collaboration
Collaborate seamlessly with your team Teambox is the better way of managing projects and getting things done .
Its Twitter - like approach needs no training
Take back control of your projects now Collaborate seamlessly with your team Teambox is the better way of managing projects and getting things done .
Its Twitter - like approach needs no training
Take back control of your projects now
Manage tasks , files and conversations
Easy to use and fun interface
Inbox - driven collaboration
Tungle.me - Personal Scheduling
Tungle .me is a personal scheduling application , which lets businesspeople publish availability , accept appointment requests , and plan meetings - making scheduling meetings easy .
Tungle .me is a personal scheduling application , which lets businesspeople publish availability , accept appointment requests , and plan meetings - making scheduling meetings easy .
Easily schedule meetings with anyone , anytime
No more double bookings , or time zone mishaps
End the back and forth of finding a time to meet
A crowd holding signs protesting the treatment of a student with lesbian parents exchanged smiles and waves with parishioners walking into a Boulder church for Sunday Mass .
Before Mass started , church members citing their Catholic hospitality crossed the street to offer donuts and fresh coffee to the group of about 30 protesters .
Despite the friendly gestures , protest signs underscored why demonstrators were there .
“ Teach acceptance .
Celebrate all of God ’s children , ” read one banner .
Last week , a standing policy of the Archdiocese of Denver denied a child from enrolling in the Sacred Heart of Jesus Catholic School for kindergarten next year because the student ’s parents are lesbians .
Currently the student is in the school ’s preschool program and will be allowed to finish the year , according to Jeanette DeMelo , a spokeswoman for the archdiocese .
“ It ’s clear if they only accept students with perfect parents , they would have almost nobody , ” said Beth Osnes , an organizer for the protest .
“ I know they have the right to , but why would they want to ? “
Inside the church , the Rev. Bill Breslin addressed the issue in his sermon .
He also posted his comments on his blog .
“ If a child of gay parents comes to our school , and we teach that gay marriage is against the will of God , then the child will think that we are saying their parents are bad , ” Breslin said on his blog .
“ We do n’t want to put any child in that tough position . ”
DeMelo said the schools do not ask questions about sexual orientation during enrollment , but once they found out , they had to address it according to their policy .
“ We ’re not trying to weed out people , ” DeMelo said .
“ But when they ca n’t agree with our Catholic philosophy , it really makes it difficult to be a strong part of the school community ; it ’s a difficult situation . ”
For the protesters outside who heard about the sermon , the justification was not enough .
“ It ’s not the teachings of Jesus .
We are all created equal , ” said Joellen Raderstorf , a Boulder resident .
For Osnes , the suffering of members of the gay and lesbian community hits close to home .
“ I was the youngest of 10 in a big Catholic family , ” Osnes said .
“ One of my much older sisters was gay , Janet Beehner . ”
Osnes said her sister died having experienced a lot of pain from being marginalized for being gay .
“ We just do n’t want to see them suffering anymore , ” Osnes said .
Yesenia Robles : 303-954-1638 or yrobles@denverpost.com
When Ajay Kumar asked New Delhi authorities last fall why a local politician had authorized the construction of private houses and shops on public land , he did n’t imagine the question would land him in the hospital .
The activist had inquired using India ’s 2005 Right to Information ( RTI )
Act , which allows any citizen to ask for information from any level of government , from village leaders to the office of the prime minister .
It presents a cultural sea change in India , where for more than 60 years state bureaucrats have acted more like colonial masters than servants of the people .
Mr. Kumar was stonewalled by the public information officer at the Municipal Corporation of Delhi , so he followed procedure and appealed to a higher - level public information office in the MCD .
When he still heard nothing back , he went to the federal authorities , the Central Information Commission , which directed the MCD together with the police to jointly inspect the property .
But when Kumar arrived on site in January , he was attacked by a mob of two dozen that backed the local politician .
“ Neither the police nor the people helped me , ” says Kumar , who was beaten in the head repeatedly by an iron rod , leaving him unconscious and bleeding profusely .
Kumar is now pursuing the matter in court .
Despite the attack , Kumar says , “ RTI is the only tool that can bring an end to a corruption in India .
Previously there was no point in asking [ for information ] because the applications were not replied to .
At least now , since 2005 , these public authorities are in some way compelled to answer queries of the public .
It is a starting point . ”
Kumar is optimistic that he will one day see justice , but critics say attacks like these are becoming increasingly common .
In the past two months two respected information activists have been killed , and reports are emerging of many others who are threatened , bullied , and intimidated to silence their inquiries into government misconduct .
Attacks will likely increase
The RTI Act is among the most robust for information seekers around the world , and its strength is becoming clear in the backlash against people seeking to expose corruption .
" What has happened with the RTI Act is that it is threatening people in power , ” says Colin Gonzalves , a Supreme Court lawyer and director of the New Delhi - based Human Rights Law Network .
“ We cannot underestimate how hostile the administration is to the implementation to this Act – not just the politicians but also the judiciary .
RTI empowers people to say that the administration is the servant of the people that you are answerable to us .
The physical attacks on the people I think are going to increase over the years . "
In rural areas , the act is often utilized to uncover scams involving federal - and state - funded initiatives to provide employment , housing , food , and other services to the poorest segments of society .
“ You ask for a list of beneficiaries , " says prominent New Delhi - based RTI activist Arvind Kejriwal .
" Then you check that list and find out that many peope are dead and the list is bogus . ”
According to a study published last July by the National Campaign for People ’s Right to Information , and funded in part by the Google Foundation , in the first two - and - a - half years since RTI went into effect about 400,000 applications for information were filed from rural areas and 1.6 million from urban areas .
While much of the information requested ought to be public in the first place , like the size of a particular budget for a school or road , or why a particular applicant received a job or promotion , most government bureaucrats in India habitually keep such matters under lock and key .
Right to information – on paper
With the RTI Act , failure to furnish applicants their information within 30 days can result in steep fines .
This week one RTI applicant was awarded 100,000 rupees , or about $ 2,200 , by the Central Information Commission in compensation for delays .
At a meeting in the capital of the poverty - stricken northern Indian state of Bihar last November , 49 activists spoke about fighting trumped - up arrest warrants and other attempts to silence their efforts .
None of the warrants have stood up under scrutiny , they claim .
On Feb. 14 in Bihar , well - known RTI activist Shashidhar Mishra was shot dead by unidentified gunmen on motorcycles at the entrance of his home .
He had been working to expose local welfare schemes .
A month before , in the tech hub of Pune , a couple hours outside Mumbai , another activist , Satish Shetty , was killed while on his morning walk .
Mr. Shetty had a record of exposing land scams in his area .
Shetty had received threats on his life and requested police protection , though none was provided .
The High Court in Bombay asked the state government to investigate the killing .
The upswing of violence has dire implications to Shailesh Gandhi , a commissioner with the Central Information Commission , the country ’s highest authority for RTI applications .
“ It tells me that the rule of law is almost absent .
The truth is that powerful people feel there is no law , ” Mr. Gandhi says .
Gandhi and his handful of interns , whom he pays from his own pocket , managed to go through almost 6,000 files last year .
In the past 14 months he ’s penalized 120 public information offices for not providing information in a timely fashion , or at all .
He hopes to start cracking the whip even harder , he says .
“ Penalties are important . ”
Last month headlines blazed across India that the New Delhi High Court ruled in favor of a RTI applicants who sought information about the office of India ’s Supreme Court Chief Justice , such as his personal assets and decisions relating the appointment of lower - court judges .
On Monday , the Supreme Court moved to challenge the order .
And just this last week , a disagreement between Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and the leader of the ruling National Congress Party Sonia Gandhi became public after the Mr. Singh advocated amending RTI Act , something activists strongly oppose , fearing it might be watered down .
Shailesh Gandhi agrees : " I am 100 percent convinced that any changes in the Act would be to the citizen 's detriment . "
Seattle , Washington ( CNN ) --
Authorities have a familiar suspect in the theft of a plane that alarmed air traffic controllers when it flew near airspace restricted for the 2010 Vancouver Olympics :
They 're looking for " the Barefoot Burglar . "
Investigators say it's the fourth plane they believe Colton Harris - Moore has stolen and flown away , despite the fact that he is only 18 and does not possess a pilot 's license .
" We think it fits his pattern , " San Juan County Sheriff Bill Cumming said .
" We are looking for him . "
The plane , a Cirrus SR22 worth about $ 650,000 , was undamaged even though it came to rest in mud near a landing strip on Orcas Island , off the Washington coast , said Allen Kenitzer , a Federal Aviation Administration spokesman .
Previous plane thefts of which authorities accuse Harris - Moore resulted in thousands of dollars in damage to the aircraft .
The sheriff said the four planes all appear to have been flown by an untrained pilot and were stolen from or crashed near an area near where Harris - Moore is known to have lived .
Cumming said that authorities suspect Harris - Moore in the four thefts and that investigators are gathering and processing forensic evidence from the stolen planes .
Harris - Moore has not been charged in the plane thefts , but he faces at least 11 charges for driving a stolen car , Internet identity thefts and burglaries .
He is alleged to have committed some of the crimes barefoot .
That earned him the nickname that has become part of the lore surrounding the young fugitive in the small Camano Island community where he grew up .
Investigators have received reports that Harris - Moore has lived in the woods and in other people 's homes .
They do not know where he is , but they 're looking for him -- and trying to determine whether someone is helping him .
' Barefoot burglar ' takes to the skies
" He will typically break into a home or vehicle and copy down the credit card numbers , " Island County Sheriffs Department spokesman Ed Wallace has said .
" He then leaves the credit cards behind so people do n't realize they have been stolen . "
Wallace has said that Harris - Moore has charged thousands of dollars worth of video games , GPS devices and police scanners online , using stolen credit cards .
When Harris - Moore was n't squatting in homes , he took to the woods with survival gear to elude police , they said .
He 's been known to hide in the trees .
" He 's almost like a feral child , " Wallace said .
In the latest stolen - plane case , police say the pilot of a small plane approached the no-fly zone Wednesday before bringing the aircraft in for a hard landing on Orcas Island , off the coast of Washington state .
Cumming said police also suspect that the pilot broke into a nearby grocery store and stole $ 1,200 .
The thief left a calling card too , Cumming said .
On the floor was written " C - Ya " and the outlines of two feet drawn in chalk .
In 2008 , Harris - Moore went from being a convicted serial burglar considered to be a nuisance by residents and police to an outlaw making international headlines after he broke out of a juvenile halfway house shortly before someone started stealing and crashing planes .
Time magazine , in a December dispatch , dubbed him " America 's Most Wanted Teenage Bandit . "
Facebook fan sites show nearly 30,000 " friends " for him .
Island County Sheriff Mark Brown , whose department oversees Camano Island , said he is sick of Harris - Moore 's growing fame .
" It should be more about the apprehension of an adult felon criminal and not so much about everything else making this person into a Robin Hood or cult hero , " Brown said .
Harris - Moore 's mother , Pamela Kohler , has not responded to questions about the latest incident .
Earlier , she told CNN affiliate KIRO that she wanted her son to turn himself in .
She said she was " proud " if her son had actually taught himself to fly .
In October , police called Harris - Moore a suspect in the theft of a plane from Idaho that crash - landed in a clearing northeast of Seattle .
Since then , there have been no solid leads on Harris - Moore 's whereabouts .
But on Wednesday , a Cirrus SR22 plane was stolen from a small airport in Port Angeles , Washington , Cumming said .
The plane was " flying erratically " before making a hard landing about 40 miles to the north on Orcas Island .
Cumming said the plane was damaged on landing .
Orcas Island , a 57 - square - mile island with a population of about 4,500 , is mainly known as a hub for whale - watching tourists .
Deployment is usually a tedious process with lots of tinkering until everything is setup just right .
We deploy quite a few Django sites on a regular basis here at Caktus and still do tinkering , but we 've attempted to functionalize some of the core tasks to ease the process .
I 've put together a basic example that outlines local and remote environment setup .
This is a simplified example and just one of many ways to deploy a Django project ( I learned a lot from Jacob Kaplan - Moss ' django - deployment - workshop ) , so I encourage you to browse around the Django community to learn more .
The entire source for this example project can be found in the caktus - deployment Bitbucket repository .
Local Development Environment
The project directory is organized like so :
caktus_website / __init__.py apache / staging.conf -- staging Apache conf staging . wsgi -- staging wsgi file blog / bootstrap.py -- bootstrap local environment fabfile .py -- manage remote environments with fabric local_settings.py manage .py media / requirements / apps.txt -- pip requirements file settings .py settings_staging .py -- staging settings file urls .py
To setup a local development environment , we 'll create a virtual environment and run bootstrap.py , which is just a simple script that automates installing Python dependencies using pip :
if " VIRTUAL_ENV " not in os .
environ : sys .
stderr .
write ( " $VIRTUAL_ENV not found .
" ) parser .
print_usage ( ) sys .
exit ( - 1 ) virtualenv = os .
environ [ " VIRTUAL_ENV " ] file_path = os .
path .
dirname ( __file__ ) subprocess .
call ( [ " pip " , " install " , " - E " , virtualenv , " - - requirement " , os .
path .
join ( file_path , " requirements /apps.txt " ) ] )
bootstrap.py uses requirements / apps.txt ( a pip requirements file ) , so you can source anything off of PyPI as well as mercurial , git , and SVN repositories that include setup .py files .
In this example , django 's SVN is the only dependency in apps.
txt :
-e svn+http://code.djangoproject.com/svn/django/branches/releases/1.1.X#egg=django
bootstrap.py must be run within virtual environment , so let 's create a new virtualenv ( I recommend using virtualenvwrapper ) and then run bootstrap.py to install the dependencies :
copelco@montgomery:~/caktus_website $ mkvirtualenv -- distribute caktus ( caktus ) copelco@montgomery:~/caktus_website $ ./bootstrap.py
Now that our environment is setup ( and Django is on the python path ) , we can run normal Django management commands :
( caktus ) copelco@montgomery:~/caktus_website $ ./manage.py syncdb -- settings = caktus_website.local_settings ( caktus ) copelco@montgomery:~/caktus_website $ ./manage.py runserver -- settings = caktus_website.local_settings
Great !
That 's it for our local setup , let 's look into deploying the project to a staging server .
Deployment and Remote Management
To help provision the remote server environment ( in this case Ubuntu 9.10 ) , we 'll use fabric .
fabric allows you to streamline deployment by functionalizing common tasks in Python .
I 've created an example fabfile .py to help bootstrap and deploy the project :
( caktus ) copelco@montgomery :~/caktus_website $ fab -- list Available commands : apache_reload reload Apache on remote host apache_restart restart Apache on remote host bootstrap initialize remote host environment ( virtualenv , dep ... configtest test Apache configuration create_virtualenv setup virtualenv on remote host deploy rsync code to remote host production use production environment on remote host staging use staging environment on remote host symlink_django create symbolic link so Apache can serve django adm ... touch touch wsgi file to trigger reload update_apache_conf upload apache configuration to remote host update_requirements update external dependencies on remote host
The fabfile splits the deployment process into discrete steps of 1 ) virtual environment creation , 2 ) code transfer , and 3 ) updating the Python dependencies .
The bootstrap command wraps everything together , including initial directory creation , so you can setup the server quickly :
def bootstrap ( ) : " " " initialize remote host environment ( virtualenv , deploy , update ) " " " require ( ' root ' , provided_by = ( ' staging ' , ' production ' ) ) run ( ' mkdir -p %( root ) s ' % env ) run ( ' mkdir - p %s ' % os .
path .
join ( env .
home , ' www ' , ' log ' ) ) create_virtualenv ( ) deploy ( ) update_requirements ( ) def create_virtualenv ( ) : " " " setup virtualenv on remote host " " " require ( ' virtualenv_root ' , provided_by = ( ' staging ' , ' production ' ) ) args = '-- clear -- distribute ' run ( ' virtualenv %s %s ' % ( args , env . virtualenv_root ) ) def deploy ( ) : " " " rsync code to remote host " " " require ( ' root ' , provided_by = ( ' staging ' , ' production ' ) ) if env .
environment == ' production ' : if not console .
confirm ( ' Are you sure you want to deploy production ? ' , default = False ) : utils .
abort ( ' Production deployment aborted . ' ) extra_opts = ' - - omit - dir - times ' rsync_project ( env . root , exclude = RSYNC_EXCLUDE , delete = True , extra_opts = extra_opts , ) touch ( ) def update_requirements ( ) : " " " update external dependencies on remote host " " " require ( ' code_root ' , provided_by = ( ' staging ' , ' production ' ) ) requirements = os .
path .
join ( env .
code_root , ' requirements ' ) with cd ( requirements ) : cmd = [ ' pip install ' ] cmd += [ '- E %(virtualenv_root ) s ' % env ] cmd += [ '- - requirement %s ' % os .
path .
join ( requirements , ' apps.txt ' ) ] run ( ' ' . join ( cmd ) )
To bootstrap the staging environment , run :
( caktus ) copelco@montgomery :~/caktus_website $ fab staging bootstrap
This will run a few commands over SSH and rsync the project directory to a specific location on the staging server .
Using rsync is just one of many ways to transfer code to the server , such as pulling code from a remote repository .
The " deploy " fabfile can be modified to perform almost any transfer task .
Once the bootstrap process is complete , the directory structure will look like so :
home / caktus / www / staging / env/ -- virtual environment bin/ include / lib/ -- contains site - packages source / -- contains django src caktus_website / ... apache / manage .py requirements / ...
Now SSH to the server and run syncdb within the newly created virtual environment :
caktus@pike:~/www/staging/caktus_website $ source ../env/bin/activate ( env ) caktus@pike:~/www/staging/caktus_website
$ ./manage.py syncdb -- settings = caktus_website.settings_staging
The staging setting 's file is setup to use sqlite3 to simplify this deployment example .
In practice we use PostgreSQL in our production environments , but database setup is for another blog post !
To get Apache configured using mod_wsgi , we 'll point the apache configuration to the staging . wsgi file using the WSGIScriptAlias directive .
Here 's an example Apache configuration to get a barebones Django environment up and running :
< VirtualHost : *80 > WSGIScriptReloading On WSGIReloadMechanism Process WSGIDaemonProcess caktus_website -staging WSGIProcessGroup caktus_website-staging WSGIApplicationGroup caktus_website -staging WSGIPassAuthorization
On WSGIScriptAlias / /home / caktus/www/staging/caktus_website/apache/staging.wsgi/ < Location " / " > Order Allow , Deny Allow from all </ Location > < Location " / media " > SetHandler None </ Location > Alias / media /home / caktus/www/staging/caktus_website/media < Location " / admin-media " > SetHandler None </ Location > Alias / admin-media /home / caktus/www/staging/caktus_website/media/admin
ErrorLog /home / caktus/www/log/error.log LogLevel info CustomLog /home / caktus/www/log/access.log combined </VirtualHost :*80 >
We 'll use Apache to serve static media ( both local and admin media ) and direct everything else to the Django instance through mod_wsgi .
In order for the wsgi instance to be aware of our environment and project directory , we need to add the virtual environment 's site - packages directory , the project directory to the python path , and tell Django which settings file to use by setting the DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE environment variable :
import os import sys import site PROJECT_ROOT = os .
path .
dirname ( os . path .
dirname ( os . path .
dirname ( __file__ ) ) ) site_packages = os .
path .
join ( PROJECT_ROOT , ' env/lib/python2.6/site-packages ' ) site .
addsitedir ( os . path .
abspath ( site_packages ) ) sys .
path .
insert ( 0 , PROJECT_ROOT ) os .
environ [ ' DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE ' ] = ' caktus_website.settings_staging ' import django.core.handlers.wsgi application = django .
core .
handlers .
wsgi .
WSGIHandler ()
Now just upload the staging apache configuration and reload apache :
( caktus ) copelco@montgomery:~/caktus_website $ fab staging update_apache_conf
That 's it !
The site should be up and running on your server 's public IP .
If you run into any trouble ( like a 500 Internal Server Error ) , just tail the Apache error.log , it 'll usually point you in the right direction .
“ The last thing a young woman needs is another picture of a sexy pop star writhing in sand , covered in grease , touching herself .
My image was an issue at my record label .
I fought for months and cried at meetings .
I got criticized for being arrogant because if you ’re sure of yourself as a woman , they say you ’re a bitch , whereas if you ’re a man and you ’re strong - willed , it ’s normal . ”
— Lady GaGa to Q magazine
[ dns-operations ]
Signing of the ARPA zone
On Mar 23 , 2010 , at 3:22 AM , bmanning at vacation .karoshi.com wrote : > On Mon , Mar 22 , 2010 at 10:06:57 PM -0700 , Doug Barton wrote : >>
On Mar 21 , 2010 , at 11:04 PM , Duane Wessels < wessels at dns-oarc.net > >> wrote : >> >>> >>>
On Mar 21 , 2010 , at 8:19 PM , Doug Barton wrote : >>> >>>> having 1 out of 13 , and arguably one of the lesser - provisioned of >>>> the 13 >>> >>>
J?
There are at least 70 anycast locations of J.root >> >>
First , sorry for the error , no aspersions intended .
Either I >> misremembered , or things have changed a lot since I followed root >> zone >> provisioning on a regular basis . :) >> >>
Doug > >
Things have changed > > -- bill
Thanks , makes me feel a little better . :)
Doug
The topless curler and the other Winter Olympic scandals :
The gold medal for bad behaviour goes to ... the Vancouver Olympics
The thrills and spills of the Winter Games will be remembered long after the Olympic torch was extinguished last night .
And we are not just talking about the action on the ski slopes and toboggan runs .
Vancouver has carved itself its very own niche as a rather scandalous event , where even the condoms ran out such was the ' off - piste ' activity of the competitors .
Here are the top ten scandals of this very entertaining Winter Olympics ...
Odd -Bjoern Hjelmeset blamed a bad ski run on watching too much porn and hearing noises from the next room
GOLD : The porn-watching skier
Running away with the gold medal for risque behaviour Norwegian cross-country skier Odd- Bjoern Hjelmeset tops the list of gaffes for blaming a bad ski run that cost him the gold medal on watching too much porn .
' My name is Odd - Bjoern Hjelmeset , ' he said .
' I skied the second lap and I f***** up today .
I think I have seen too much porn in the last 14 days .
' I have the room next to Petter Northug and every day there is noise in there .
So I think that is the reason I f***** up .
By the way Tiger Woods is a really good man . '
SILVER : The smutty snowboarder
U.S. snowboarder Scotty Lago was sent home before the closing ceremony after racy photographs surfaced showing a woman kissing his bronze medal near his waist .
' Keeping my medal in a safe spot for now , ha ha , ' Lago tweeted when he got home .
Lago won the medal in the men's halfpipe competition but the United States Ski and Snowboard Association forced him to leave the Olympics .
Lago was forced to go on U.S television to defend the rather risque shots .
A female fan ' kisses ' Scotty Lago 's bronze medal at a party during the Games .
The snowboarder was reprimanded by the US team when the photos emerged
BRONZE : The topless curling star
There were further red faces when rather racy pictures of Germany 's curler Melanie Robillard emerged just in time for the Games .
Robillard had taken part in the shoot to raise money for local ice rinks in her area but has declared that she wo n't be posing up again any time in the near future .
' I 've been asked and I refused .
Once is good .
The first time was extremely blown out of proportion and I 'd just rather not .
It was a one - time experience , ' Robillard said in an interview last year .
Germany 's Melanie Robillard plays against Sweden last week , and , left , her racy photo for a calendar
And the other winners are ...
Olympic athletes get through almost 100,000 condoms ( that 's 14 per PERSON )
Hjelmeset 's next - door neighbour was not the only one who made the most of his downtime in the Olympic Village .
Health officials well - versed in the needs of the world 's elite athletes had already provided 100,000 free condoms to 7,000 athletes and officials , which works out about 14 condoms per person .
But apparently this just was n't enough .
With just a couple of days to go officials were forced to ship in an emergency supply of condoms after supplies ran dangerously low during the last week of the Games .
The Games was also memorable for its unique take on celebrations .
US bobsleigher arrested for assault
US bobsleigher Bill Schuffenhauer was arrested over an alleged assault
American bobsledder Bill Schuffenhauer was competing two days after he was detained by Canadian police following an argument with his fiancee .
Royal Canadian Mounted Police said an unnamed man was arrested on Wednesday for assaulting his common law partner in Whistler .
Schuffenhauer was distraught after the first run and cried as he was led by the hand through the media mixed zone near the finish
Darren Steele , chief executive of US Bobsled and Skeleton Federation , said they were standing by Schuffenhauer .
' Billy was brought in , he answered questions for two to three hours and was let go , " he said in a statement .
' The situation ocurred before midnight .
Billy 's focus now is the race on Friday and Saturday . '
Vancouver : Olympic - standard boozing
While glitches may have overshadowed the Games , the festive spirit that spilled onto the streets of Vancouver earned the city a gold medal in drinking .
According to a Time magazine report the Canadian public taken the Olympics as a the perfect excuse to cut loose and indulge in some serious drinking .
The reporter writes : ' You can't help but think to yourself : " These must be the drunkest Olympics ever . " '
So much so that local hospitals are reporting a huge surge in visits to casualty for alcohol - related sicknesses and injuries .
Another reporter said that all the drinking in Vancouver has led to a lot of urinating in public .
' I 've personally witnessed about 8 - 10 guys whizzing at once along a fence a half a block off the main street , ' he said .
' It 's like the infield at the Kentucky Derby . '
The underage - drinking ice hockey queens
Photographs of members of the Canadian women 's hockey team drinking champagne and beer on the ice rink after their victory over the U.S.caused a stir among officials .
Members of the Canadian women 's hockey team celebrate after beating the U.S. to win the gold medal
The women celebrated their 2 - 0 victory against arch - rivals America by guzzling beer , swigging from bottles of champagne and puffing on cigars .
Unfortunately , they chose to do it on the ice rink rather than in the changing room .
Even worse , star player Marie - Philip Poulin , 18 , the youngest in the team and scorer of the two goals , is under British Columbia 's legal drinking age of 19 .
Photos showed Poulin on the ice , with a beer in her hand .
Another player , Haley Irwin , poured champagne into the mouth of teammate Tessa Bonhomme while gold medals swung from their necks .
And one of the women , Rebecca Johnston , even tried to drive the ice - resurfacing machine during the party .
Supporters said the events were simply a traditional ice hockey celebration .
Australian commentators joked about U.S. skating star Johnny Weir 's costume
The TV commentators who compared male ice skating to Brokeback Mountain
A pair of Australian TV sports commentators came under fire for describing male ice skaters ' routines as ' Brokeback Mountain ' exercises .
Eddie McGuire and Mick Molloy joked about organisers being shocked at discovering one skater was not gay , adding that the non -gay skater was unlikely to be controversial and flamboyant U.S. figure skater Johnny Weir - because he wore a black and pink outfit while holding a heart - shaped cushion .
And the other Olympic headaches :
The flickering flame
Away from the sex and the drinking , not everything went entirely to plan .
While the closing ceremony went without hitch yesterday , the same can't be said for the opening ceremony .
Technical hitch : During the lighting of the Olympic torch in the opening ceremony of the Winter Games , one of the four pillars of the Olympic cauldron did n't rise up
During the lighting of the Olympic torch a technical malfunction meant that one of the four pillars of the Olympic cauldron did n't rise up , leaving speed skater Catriona Le May Doan looking awkward when she could n't ignite the flame .
The skater who got lost ... on a rink
Perhaps the most upset of the competitors was Dutch speed skater Sven Kramer the gold in the 10,000 m race after his coach sent him into the wrong lane getting the skater disqualified after his gruelling event .
Kramer , who was cruising to victory , has suggested a new coach will be joining him for the 2014 Games .
But at least Kramer got to take part .
Sven Kramer , left , argues with his his coach Gerard Kemkers , right , after losing to team USA during the men's team pursuit semi finals speed skating
The skier who fell ... at the start
French skier Marion Rolland crashed a couple of yards from the start as she began her bid for gold in the women 's downhill .
The 27 - year - old left the starting gate and immediately lost her balance , toppling over as she waved her arms in the air and landing in the snow in front of stunned spectators .
Rolland lay slumped motionless and sobbing on the ground as onlookers gasped and sniggered .
France 's Marion Rolland cries as she receives support after she crashed during the women 's Alpine Skiing Downhill race
Amy Williams ' gold - medal victory in the skeleton bob was undoubtedly a cause for celebration for most Britons , even temporarily thawing her frosty relations with team mate Shelley Rudman .
But after a brief handshake and a curt ' well done ' it seems full rivalry was resumed .
Miss Rudman did not attend the celebratory meal held for Miss Williams , nicknamed Curly Wurly for her pre-Raphaelite locks , after the medal ceremony .
The British men's curling team arrived in Vancouver as world champions and with high hopes .
But they left empty - handed without even making it to the semi-finals , sadly not making the most out of the £ 1.1 m invested in curling over the past four years .
And ... the snow
And finally , one of the first things you might expect to get at the Winter Games is plenty of snow .
When rain fell on the pistes instead , making them more mud bath than winter wonderland , Canada ended up flying in more of the white stuff in a desperate bid to make Cypress Mountain ski and snowboard - worthy .
But then , who needs snow , when all the action appears to be off the slopes ?
In the early '90s , a passionate and unrestrained movement of singers emerged from the underground that would test the extreme limits of the human voice .
Heeding the call of the warriors of rock and metal for over 15 years , Melissa Cross developed a vocal training method that has since been embraced by these artists who value raw power and passion above everything in their performance .
Her groundbreaking vocal technique can enhance range and increase endurance without sacrificing intensity and individuality .
Creator of the acclaimed " The Zen Of Screaming " instructional DVD , Melissa 's clients include :
A DAY TO REMEMBER
ALL THAT REMAINS
ANDREW W.K .
ARCH ENEMY
AUGUST BURNS RED
BEAR HANDS
BETWEEN THE BURIED AND ME
BIFFY CLYRO
BLESSTHEFALL
BREAKING BENJAMIN
BRING ME THE HORIZON
BULLET FOR MY VALENTINE
CHIODOS
CIRCA SURVIVE
COHEED AND CAMBRIA
CRADLE OF FILTH
CROWN THE EMPIRE
THE DEVIL WEARS PRADA
DISTURBED
ESCAPE THE FATE
EVERY TIME I DIE
EXODUS
FALLING IN REVERSE
FEAR FACTORY
GHOST BC
HALESTORM
HAWTHORNE HEIGHTS
HELLYEAH
I PREVAIL
I SEE STARS
ICONA POP
KEVIN BACON ( ?!?!?
Yes , really . )
KILLSWITCH ENGAGE
LAMB OF GOD
LET LIVE
MACHINEHEAD
MADBALL
MAROON 5
MEGADETH
MEMPHIS MAYFIRE
MISS MAY I
NORTHLANE
OF MICE AND MEN
OF MONSTERS AND MEN
PENDULUM
PERIPHERY
REAL FRIENDS
SARA BAREILLES
SAY ANYTHING
SENSES FAIL
SHADOWS FALL
SHAI HALUD
SHINEDOWN
SICK OF IT ALL
SILVERSTEIN
SLAYER
SLEEPING WITH SIRENS
SLEEPWAVE
SLIPKNOT
STONE SOUR
SUICIDE SILENCE
TAKING BACK SUNDAY
THURSDAY
TRIVIUM
UNDEROATH
VEIL OF MAYA
VOLBEAT
WE CAME AS ROMANS
A Skylit Drive
Airbourne
Animal Collective
Anthony Green
Ash
Attack Attack !
Bayside
Baroness
Beartooth
Ben Lee
Black Tide
Bonfires
Brian Marquis
Candy Hearts
The Chariot
Chimaira
Courtney Love
The Damned Things
Darkest Hour
Don Broco
Enemies of Mine
Eve to Adam
From Ashes to New
Full Blown Chaos
Gatherers
God Forbid
The Ghost Inside
H20
Heartist
I Am The Avalanche
I See Stars
IKillya
Ill Nino
In Heart 's Wake
Infected Rain
Jim Breuer
Kashmir
Lionfight
Machine Gun Kelly
Matt & Kim
Maylene and the Sons of Disaster
Monuments
Myka Relocate
Oh , Sleeper
Santigold
Secrets
Seychelle Gabriel
3OH!3
36 Crazyfists
This or the Apocalypse
Too Late The Hero
Toxik
Transiberian Orchestra
Transit
Unearth
Unlocking the Truth
Voodoo KungFu
XXI
Young Guns
Youth In Revolt
Free Vocal Wisdom : Avoid sprays and lozenges that have a numbing effect on your throat .
Avoid sprays and lozenges that contain alcohol which have a dehydrating effect .
Remember that nothing you eat or drink will actually reach your vocal cords .
If it did , you would choke to death !
Do n't waste your money .
Learn how to use your voice properly .
The best thing for your throat is a good night 's sleep and a few glasses of water !
Melissa provides tons of info on the site and invites you to ...
• Get the 411 on Vocal Techniques in Vocal Solutions
• Get VIP Individual Assistance with your voice and your band
• Find out where the next New Breed Vocal Seminar is happening in your area
• See client backstage testimonials in What They 're Saying
• Sign up for the FREE New Breed Newsletter THE ZEN OF SCREAMING
" ... the Bible for extreme vocals .
Do n't open your mouth ' til you 've watched this DVD . "
Tom Beaujour , Editor , REVOLVER MAGAZINE
> MORE DETAILS GET THE NEW DVD !
You 've nailed the basics in the first DVD .
Now it 's time to put them to work !
Everything you need to know about screaming featuring the lead singers of Underoath , Unearth , Arch Enemy , Thursday , All That Remains , Chimaira , God Forbid , Sick of It All and more .
" Without Melissa 's guidance , I would be stuck in Richmond , Va .
Where do you want to go ?
Its up to you .
All I can say is what has worked for me .
Pay attention .
Think about it . "
D. Randall Blythe - Lamb of God / Halo of Locusts
" Anyone who wants to be the best needs this video .
Melissa is an exceptional teacher ; the techniques are simple and easy to learn .
It works for me - it WILL work for you . "
Corey Taylor - Stone Sour / SlipknoT
> MORE DETAILS
Opens in pop-up , and requires
Quicktime plug - in for proper viewing .
View Video Clip VIDEO TESTIMONIALS
" Melissa appears on Late Night with Conan O'Brien to teach him to scream like an extreme metal vocalist and to promote her new DVD " The Zen of Screaming . "
Watch Melissa demonstrate her entertaining and effective vocal and facial warm - up exercises to an amused Conan who joins in on the fun .
The two of them belt out screams that would make any metal fan proud ! "
- Late Night with Conan O'Brien
> MORE TESTIMONIALS
| | | | | |
| | |
Los Angeles sends layoff notices to 5,200 teachers
By D. Lencho , Kevin Martinez and Dan Conway
9 March 2010
The Los Angeles Unified School District ( LAUSD ) voted March 2 to send layoff notices to more than 5,200 workers .
These included 2,000 elementary school teachers , 2,370 certified management employees , 321 secondary teachers and teachers in the arts , and 574 support personnel , including counselors , psychologists , nurses and librarians .
The district is facing a $ 640 million budget gap .
The LAUSD is required by law to notify teachers at least six months in advance of the next school year of any possibility they will lose their jobs , even if not all employees are ultimately fired .
Just under a year ago the school board approved 5,400 layoff notices for teachers , janitors , counselors and administrators .
While federal stimulus monies were able to minimize losses to a certain extent , in the end 2,000 educators and staff lost their jobs .
In taking this action , Los Angeles is following a statewide trend .
Just recently , San Francisco sent out 900 layoff notices , while the city of Long Beach sent out 755 .
Should the 5,200 “ pink slips ” handed out in Los Angeles this year translate into actual layoffs , some schools in the city ’s downtown area could be forced to sack 10 to 20 percent of their respective workforces .
The layoffs would virtually eliminate school nurses and librarians , raise class sizes to 44 students per class at some middle schools , and increase counselor loads to 1,000 students per counselor in some cases .
In addition to the potential layoffs , the LAUSD is pushing to enact a 10 percent across - the - board pay cut and shorten the school year by five days .
Certain staff members at LAUSD ’s central headquarters are being asked to move to a 10 month per year calendar , the same as school - based employees , and to accept an 18 percent reduction in compensation .
However , School Board President Monica Garcia has said that even with these measures , the district will not save enough money to cover the deficit , thus necessitating the sending out of thousands of layoff notices this month .
Opposition to job and pay cuts on the part of the United Teachers of Los Angeles ( UTLA ) , the local union , has consisted almost entirely of searching for “ district mismanagement . ”
UTLA Secondary Vice President Gregg Solkovits told the online newspaper the DailyBreeze.com , “ We recognize that LAUSD ’s funding has been severely cut , but we also know that this district has a long history of misplaced priorities and wasteful spending . ”
While there is undoubtedly a certain amount of poorly spent money in LAUSD , the idea that combating “ mismanagement ” will somehow recover anywhere near the $ 640 million needed to fill the hole in the district ’s budget is absurd on its face .
The UTLA knows this and ultimately accepts the fact that its membership will lose jobs and see their pay and benefits reduced .
Furthermore , by concentrating on the question of fiscal waste , the UTLA is diverting teachers ’ , parents ’ , and students ’ attention from the real issue — the refusal of the state government and the Obama administration to provide adequate resources for education , even as the wealth of California ’s richest residents and corporations is protected and the country ’s banks receive massive bailouts from the federal treasury .
The various civil disobedience protest actions conducted last year by the UTLA bureaucracy — in which union leaders were arrested by police for disrupting school district meetings , only to be returned within the hour to speak before the protesting membership outside — were little more than shenanigans .
Their intention was to cover up the fact that the UTLA is opposed to conducting a real struggle to defend public education because it is wedded to the Democratic Party , which is carrying out the attack on teachers in both Sacramento and Washington .
On March 4 it was announced that despite the fact that California recently implemented legislation to bring public education policy in line with the demands of President Obama ’s “ Race to the Top ” initiative , the state did not make it past the first round of the contest for $ 4.7 billion in federal funding .
Thus , the most populous state in the country will not receive so much as a dime from Washington to save its schools .
The UTLA ’s opposition to fighting against the attacks on public education also stems from the fact that the union leadership is seeking ways to benefit — at the expense of teachers — from the city ’s educational crisis .
Over the course of the last month it has successfully positioned itself to occupy a new role as management in the public schools .
On February 23 , the Los Angeles Board of Education voted to turn over control of 22 out of 30 LAUSD schools to the UTLA for administration .
Thus , the union now stands to directly benefit from the imposition of staffing and pay cuts , as part of the drive to reduce costs at those institutions under its purview .
Charter school outfits , which had lobbied hard to obtain school sites , came away with four campuses .
The Partnership for Los Angeles Schools , a non-profit controlled by Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa , garnered three .
As part of the UTLA ’s agreement with the district , the new “ pilot ” schools will receive a lump , per pupil , sum each year .
They will hire new teachers based on an “ Elect to Work ” agreement , which states that while teachers will remain dues - paying members of the UTLA and be covered by the union ’s collective bargaining agreement , they will also be considered voluntary employees .
Thus , they can be transferred out of a given “ pilot ” school to poorer performing schools where teacher pay and job security are lower .
The agreement also stipulates that teachers may be called on to work more hours at any time .
One of the new charter schools , the New Open World Academy ( NOW ) in Los Angeles , contains the following language in its hiring contract : “ Additional supplementary hours and tasks necessary to complete the NOW Academy mission may be required . ”
This is a recipe for forcing teachers to work uncompensated overtime , while their peers and other support staff are let go .
The decision to convert the district ’s public schools arrived approximately one week prior to the announcement of possible layoffs .
UTLA officials are now meeting with LAUSD board members to supposedly discuss alternatives to mass job cuts , including reductions in wages and other measures .
The assault on public education in Los Angeles and the role being played by the teachers ’ union in this process underscores the need of teachers , parents , and students to form committees independent of the UTLA , and all the unions active in the schools , in order to defend jobs , pay and the right of every child to a decent education .
Only on the basis of a political program that rejects the idea that education ought to be subordinated to the defense of private profit can a struggle to save public schooling be won .
In a photograph from a 1947 newspaper advertisement , a smiling mother leans over her baby ’s crib .
The wall behind her is decorated with rows of flowers and Disney characters .
Above the photo , a headline reads “ Protect Your Children From Disease Carrying Insects . ”
The ad , for wallpaper impregnated with DDT , captures a moment of historical ignorance , before the infamous insecticide nearly wiped out many birds and turned up inside the bodies of virtually everyone on Earth .
The story of DDT teaches a lesson about the past .
But experts say it also provides a glimpse into the future .
Thirty - eight years after it was banned , Americans still consume traces of DDT and its metabolites every day , along with more than 20 other banned chemicals .
Residues of these legacy contaminants are ubiquitous in U.S. food , particularly dairy products , meat and fish .
Their decades - long presence in the food supply underscores the dangers of a new and widely used generation of chemicals with similar properties and health risks .
“ They ’re manmade , and they ’re toxic , and they bio- accumulate , ” said Arnold Schecter , a professor at the University of Texas School of Public Health who has been studying human exposure to chemicals for more than 25 years .
“ So the fact that they ’re still around a long time after they ’ve been banned is n’t surprising . ”
Recent studies sketch a complex profile of legacy contaminants in U.S. food - a profusion of chemicals in trace amounts , pervasive but uneven across the food supply , occurring sometimes by themselves , but more often in combination with others .
Included are DDT and several lesser - known organochlorine pesticides as well as industrial chemicals such as polychlorinated biphenyls , or PCBs , which were used until the late 1970s in electrical equipment .
This picture raises a host of equally complicated questions :
Are small amounts of these chemicals dangerous , by themselves or in mixtures ?
Why are they still around and how are they getting into our food ?
Think of these chemicals like sand in your shoes after a trip to the beach .
Despite our efforts to rid ourselves of it , we discover more later - sometimes that evening , sometimes years later - when we put on the same pair of summer shoes and feel the grains between our toes .
Like those grains of sand , many chemicals stick around .
They belong to a class called “ persistent organic pollutants ” or POPs - which take decades to break down in sediment and soil and can travel globally on wind and water , ending up in regions as remote as the Arctic .
These migratory POPs , when ingested , take up semi-permanent residence in the fat tissue of living organisms .
In animals , and sometimes in humans , many of them can raise the risk of cancer or other diseases , alter hormones , reduce fertility or disrupt brain development .
The good news is that DDT and other organochlorine pesticides , PCBs and industrial byproducts called dioxins have declined significantly in food and the environment since they were banned or restricted decades ago .
A few have dipped below detectable levels .
“ We do n’t expect the levels in food or people to go down abruptly , we expect them to go down over time .
And that ’s what we ’re seeing , ” Schecter said .
Precise trends of chemicals in food are hard to identify because both government and independent studies have focused on different foods in different places at different times .
However , levels in human breast milk indicate that , by 1990 , DDT had dropped to one - tenth of 1970 levels , according to a 1999 report in the International Journal of Epidemiology .
Similar trends exist for PCBs and dioxins .
In most places , POPs are a mere fraction of what they were .
Last year , as part of an ongoing study of POPs in the food supply , Schecter and his colleagues collected and analyzed more than 300 samples from supermarkets around Dallas , Texas .
The samples were combined into 31 food types , such as yogurt , chicken and peanut butter , and tested for old contaminants as well as newer ones .
“ Every food within this study contained multiple pesticides , ” the authors wrote in a paper published in February in the journal Environmental Health Perspectives .
The DDT metabolite DDE was the most prevalent , occurring in 23 of the 31 foods sampled .
People consume more DDT than any other persistent organic pollutant , the researchers found .
Its relative abundance in food today is due to its widespread historical use .
In the United States alone , an estimated 1.35 billion pounds were sprayed to wipe out mosquitoes and agricultural pests over a period of about 30 years , according to the Environmental Protection Agency .
Other banned pesticides that have lingered in food for decades include dieldrin , toxaphene , chlordane , hexachlorocyclohexane and hexachlorobenzene .
Although lesser known , they pose risks similar to the infamous DDT and PCBs .
Salmon was the most contaminated food , with traces of six types of PCBs , two flame retardants and 25 pesticides , including DDT , dieldrin and toxaphene .
Samples of canned sardines and catfish also contained numerous banned chemicals .
In general , the higher the food ’s fat content , the more chemicals it contained .
Peanut butter , ice cream , cheese , butter , oil , fish and high - fat meats were all more contaminated than low - fat milk and vegetables .
This high - fat , high - chemical connection is no coincidence .
POPs are lipophilic , or “ fat - loving ” chemicals - they take up residence in the fat of animals and take many years to break down .
This fat moves through food chains , and the contaminants become progressively more concentrated in a process called bioaccumulation .
In Lake Michigan , for example , PCBs cling to inorganic sediments and are then absorbed by microscopic , free - floating plankton .
A mollusk feeds on the plankton by filtering water through its digestive tract , and over its short life pollutants build up in the mollusk ’s fat tissue .
A small perch eats hundreds of mollusks before a larger predator , the lake trout , eats the perch – and all the chemicals it carries .
Then an eagle or a fisherman comes along and eats the trout .
This effect is well - documented and helps explain why declining populations of birds of prey are often the first sign of pollution that may threaten people ’s health .
Birds have relatively small bodies compared to people , and if they feed exclusively on contaminated fish , their body burden quickly can reach toxic levels that can kill chicks , destroy eggs or cause deformities .
Farmed fish are even more contaminated .
A 2004 study found that farmed salmon contained 10 times higher levels of POPs than wild salmon .
The source of the pollutants , said Dr. David Carpenter , director of the Institute for Environmental Health at the University of Albany , New York , and one of the paper ’s authors , is the contaminated mixture of fish fats and proteins in fishmeal .
The same problem applies to meat and dairy products , said Carpenter .
A 2003 report , published by National Academies Press , noted that feed containing animal fat was a major source of people ’s continued exposure to dioxins , which are carcinogenic .
“ We recycle waste animal fats back into the food supply , ” Carpenter explained .
“ We feed the cow fat to the pigs and the chickens , and we feed the pig and chicken fat to the cows . ”
These waste animal products make up the vast majority of animal feed .
Scientists are uncertain about the human health risks posed by trace levels of most POPs .
Some , such as dioxins , carry risks even at very low levels .
According to animal studies , as well as some human studies , exposure to these chemicals might raise the risk of cancer or other diseases , reduce fertility , alter hormones , damage brain development and interfere with immune function .
For some chemicals , the EPA has set reference doses — amounts deemed safe for daily consumption , based mostly on animal tests .
None of the foods in Schecter ’s 2009 study contained concentrations over these guidelines .
Americans ’ daily dietary intake of DDT , for example , is about half the reference dose .
But health officials do n’t know enough about the effects of many of the chemicals to set reference doses , said Schecter .
And they know even less about what happens when people are exposed to multiple contaminants .
“ Where reference doses do exist , they ’re for individual chemicals .
And we have no reference doses for a combination of several chemicals , ” he said .
Determining “ safe ” doses for combinations of chemicals would be difficult and expensive , and so far few studies have been conducted .
Dr. Alex Stewart , a public health doctor in the United Kingdom who published a paper on chemical mixtures in 2009 , said pollutants may be more harmful when combined in our foods and bodies than they are individually .
Some chemicals , such as dioxins , are likely to add up to cause effects because they affect the same body systems in teh same ways , he said .
The combined potential of some substances has been well - documented .
“ Everyone knows that smoking causes lung cancer , and if you breathe radon , that causes lung cancer .
Both smoking and radon cause lung cancer , but if you are exposed to both , your risk is greater , ” Carpenter said .
While long - banned contaminants carry on their legacy , a younger generation of pollutants is joining them .
One of these is a group of flame retardants called polybrominated diphenyl ethers or PBDEs .
PBDEs have been used in a variety of consumer goods since the 1970s .
In the decades since , human exposure has risen sharply , and levels in human breast milk and blood are orders of magnitude higher in North America than in other parts of the world .
PBDEs in food are highly variable .
One sample of beef , for example , might have twice as much as another .
But despite this variability , the average American diet includes some daily consumption of PBDEs , primarily from eating dairy and meat , according to Schecter ’s study .
Animal studies have linked PBDEs to compromised thyroid and liver function and impaired brain development .
Concern over their health effects prompted a U.S. ban of several PBDEs in 2004 .
Last year , they were added to the Stockholm Convention ’s list of targeted pollutants .
The Stockholm Convention - an international effort of nearly 100 countries to eliminate or restrict POP production and use - was signed in 1991 .
The original list , called the “ dirty dozen , ” included several pesticides and PCBs still present in food .
The list was expanded in 2009 to include nine new chemicals , many of which showed up in Schecter ’s food study .
The study also identified trace amounts of perfluorooctanoic acid , or PFOA , a chemical that had not previously been identified in the food supply .
Perfluorinated compounds are commonly used for manufacturing grease repellants and water - repellant consumer goods , including Teflon .
Some of these compounds have been banned or industry has reduced their use .
But because they are still in consumer goods , people are exposed through both dust and diet .
It is n’t clear how perfluorinated compounds are getting into food , said Dr. Tom Webster , an epidemiologist at the Boston School of Public Health .
It ’s possible that they are bioaccumulating like other pollutants , but they may also be leaching directly into foods during the packaging process , he said .
Because consumer goods containing these chemicals will eventually be sent to landfills , they are “ an indoor problem that ’s going to increasingly become an outdoor problem , ” said Dr. Mike McClean , an epidemiologist also at Boston ’s School of Public Health .
Rain leaches contaminants from landfills to groundwater , where they travel through the environment and eventually enter food chains .
Perfluorinated compounds break down faster than other pollutants , but flame retardants behave more like other POPs by building up in fat tissue and taking many years to break down .
“ We expect they ’re going to be in the environment for many decades to come , ” Schecter said .
Schecter also said that , in light of the large number of pollutants in the U.S. food supply , more government testing , for a broader range of contaminants , is called for .
“ This would be a major effort , but since they ’re still around , it seems reasonable to have more inspection , ” he said .
And people should try to eat less animal fat to avoid consuming high levels of POPs , Schecter said .
Carpenter put the situation more bluntly .
“ We ’ve got to get these chemicals out of our food , ” he said .
This article originally ran at Environmental Health News , a news source published by Environmental Health Sciences , a nonprofit media company .
A significant piece of having a site is to ensure that your site is reliable and does n’t contain any warnings that will frighten likely guests off .
In this article , we will think of 5 hints that you can use to make your site more dependable to guests and clients .
Top 5 Tips to Create a [ … ]
The problem with elite pilots .
In the summer of 1996 , during my short - lived American legal career , I clerked at a large Washington , D.C. , law firm .
Within a few days of my arrival , a partner dropped a 5,000 - page bomb on my desk — the U.S. Air Force report on the plane crash that killed Commerce Secretary Ron Brown and 34 others in Dubrovnik earlier that year .
As at other law firms in the city , there was interest in whether the crash had any " legal implications " ( to employ a euphemism much favored by civil litigators ) .
I suppose I was picked for the assignment because of my background in engineering ( though , then as now , I claim no special knowledge of the science of flight ) .
By the time I was done reading the report , however , I found it had far more to say about human psychology , in particular the alpha - male mindset of elite pilots , than it did about avionics or military flight protocols .
That mindset led not only to the crash of Ron Brown 's plane , but also , very possibly , to the horrific tragedy that claimed the life of Polish President Lech Kaczynski and 95 other passengers flying into Smolensk on Saturday .
On April 3 , 1996 , Brown and his entourage were in the midst of hop - skotching around the war - ravaged Balkans on an official trade mission .
At Dubrovnik , as at Smolensk , the visibility was terrible :
The pilot of the Boeing T - 43 Bobcat — a modified 737 — could n't see the runway through the dense fog and rain , and was relying on instruments .
But even that was problematic because the airport 's instrument landing system had been ripped apart during Croatia 's war against Serb remnants of the Yugloslav army .
And so Brown's U.S. Air Force pilots were relying on a crude technology known as a non-directional beacon ( NDB ) — essentially a simple electromagnetic ground - based pulse that tells pilots , " Hey , over here . "
In addition , the approved landing protocol erroneously permitted planes to descend to 2,150 feet before sighting the runway .
This proved to be a fatal glitch :
The hill into which Brown 's plane plowed was 2,300 feet high .
Had the approach been designed correctly , the plane would have skimmed the treetops .
The biggest problem lay with the pilots themselves — and with their immediate commanders , who 'd authorized the use of " non-DoD approaches , " like the one into Dubrovnik .
The pilots flew too fast , and misread their instruments , resulting in the plane being nine degrees off - course ( a mile and a half on the ground ) on impact .
Like the pilots who crashed President Kaczynski's plane 14 years later , they never received landing clearance from the control tower .
In Afghanistan , in the midst of war , many animals are lost and separated from their family .
Many are found later by troops from the US , UK ...
After skipping 3 entire releases , and 18 months later , here we are , finally : GDM 2.30 is entering unstable .
How can you be so late ?
For those who have n’t followed and just wondered why Debian is so late this is lame this sucks Ubuntu is better because they have the latest version and Fedora is even better because they even have versions that do n’t work at all , here is the short story : the GDM rewrite was n’t really usable until 2.28 ( which is the version with which Ubuntu started to ship it , incidentally ) .
Add to that the time to make a transition plan and to integrate it properly , and that makes actually only 6 months .
Big thanks go to Luca Bruno ( Lethalman ) who did most of the job .
A quick look at the changelog will give you an idea of the amount of work involved to bring it to our quality standards .
GDM 2.20 and 2.30
Since the rewrite has absolutely zero compatibility with previous versions , it will not be upgraded in place .
Therefore , while newly installed systems will get GDM 2.30 by default for squeeze , those upgrading from lenny will keep GDM 2.20 .
The 2.20 version will be dropped after the squeeze release .
If you want to upgrade your GDM , simply run apt - get install gdm3 .
It should work for simple setups , and there ’s a hack that makes upgrades work even when logged on X .
Everyone who has needs for advanced features ( such as LTSP people ) should make sure GDM 2.30 suits their needs during the squeeze cycle , since the old version will not be here anymore after .
GDM packages need your help
Jiegu , China ( CNN ) --
As rescuers raced against the clock to pull survivors from the rubble , Premier Wen Jiabao traveled to China 's earthquake - devastated zone Thursday night to inspect the damage and assure victims that the search would continue .
" Your suffering is our suffering , " Wen said .
" We are going through the same pain as you are .
The family members you lost are also our family members , and we grieve for them as you do . "
Wen climbed over the rubble of buildings and spoke with residents in the predominantly ethnic Tibetan region .
" As long as there is a slight hope , we will never give up , " he said .
" We need to unite as one , to do a good job in our rescue work .
At the same time , I assure everyone , that we will definitely make life good here again . "
Are you there ?
Send your photos , video , stories
Both Wen and Chinese President Hu Jintao postponed planned foreign trips because of the disaster .
Wen postponed a scheduled visit to Brunei , Indonesia and Myanmar .
Hu called the presidents of Chile and Venezuela to postpone his mid-April visits to those countries .
" During this difficult time , I need to be home as soon as possible together with our people providing relief , " he said .
How to help : Impact Your World
The death toll from Wednesday 's 6.9 - magnitude quake that struck the predominantly Tibetan prefecture of Yushu China 's southern Qinghai province soared to 760 on Thursday , with more than 11,000 injured , state - run Xinhua news agency reported .
The powerful quake toppled about 15,000 homes in and around Yushu county , and caused more than 100,000 people to flee the area , said Zou Ming , director general of Disaster Relief Department of the Ministry of Civil Affairs .
In Jiegu , the town closest to the epicenter , people were taken to a sporting field serving as a makeshift hospital -- there are no hospitals in the town .
More than 85 percent of Jiegu 's poorly constructed mud and brick houses collapsed .
They were homes for ethnic Tibetans , among China 's poorest people making a living as farmers and herdsmen .
Along the town 's main street , all that was left of two hotels was a pile of rubble .
Residents and monks used hand shovels and ropes to clear debris in hopes of reaching survivors .
Thursday 's rescue effort was hampered by unstable bridges and collapsed roadways , making it difficult for heavy equipment to get to hard - hit areas , including Jiegu .
But after five hours of digging , rescuers were able to pull four survivors from a guest house in the area Thursday afternoon , state television reported .
Authorities have said more than 1,000 people were saved in similar rescues .
Officials have sent 20,000 cotton tents , 50,000 items of winter clothing and 50,000 quilts to victims .
Can buildings be made earthquake - proof ?
The quake shook the region shortly before 8 a.m. Wednesday ( Tuesday 8 p.m. ET ) , when many residents were still at home and schools were just getting started for the day .
Qinghai province in northwestern China , home to about 5 million people , is considered a gateway to Himalayan Tibet .
About half its people are Han Chinese , but the area is home to more than 40 ethnic groupings , including Tibetans , Hui and Mongols .
The region , rich in natural gas and marked by copper , tin and coal mines , has a long history of earthquakes .
Since 2001 , 53 quakes with a magnitude of 5.0 or greater have occurred , according to China 's Earthquake Administration .
World 's biggest earthquakes since 1900
The Chinese government has allocated 200 million yuan ( US $ 29 million ) to aid the relief effort , China 's Ministry of Civil Affairs said .
U.S. Ambassador to China Jon Huntsman Jr. presented two checks worth a total of $ 100,000 to the Red Cross Society of China and the Qinghai Provincial Red Cross .
CNN 's John Vause , Licia Yee and Jo Ling Kent contributed to this report .
Mr Bush warned of the terrorists ' ever - changing tactics
Linking their actions with insurgents in Iraq and Afghanistan , he said they all wanted to " establish safe havens from which to attack free nations " .
Mr Bush said the UK terror plot was a " reminder that terrorists are still plotting attacks to kill our people " .
He made the comments in his weekly radio address to the American people .
' Worst attacks yet '
" The terrorists attempt to bring down airplanes full of innocent men , women , and children , " Mr Bush said .
" They kill civilians and American servicemen in Iraq and Afghanistan , and they deliberately hide behind civilians in Lebanon .
They are seeking to spread their totalitarian ideology . "
Mr Bush said that the alleged terror plot , which UK intelligence services claim involved a plan to destroy US - bound passenger planes using liquid explosives smuggled in drinks bottles , was " further evidence that the terrorists we face are sophisticated , and constantly changing their tactics " .
US officials say that if the plan had not been foiled , the subsequent attacks would have been the worst since those on Washington and New York on 11 September 2001 .
Since the 2001 attacks , Mr Bush has said that the US is engaged in a global war on terror .
He says that as well as intelligence efforts to foil terror plots against US civilians , the ongoing military campaigns in Afghanistan and Iraq are part of that same battle , as is Israel 's conflict with Lebanon .
