The affair of the balcony ended , if indeed it ever began , with the appearance in July of a slender book of curious title , obtainable in very few places , one of them being an art gallery in a frosted storefront on Broadway near Franklin Street .
Called '' The B - Thing ' ' and produced by four Vienna - based artists known collectively as Gelatin , the book is demure to the point of being oblique .
What little explanation it contains appears to have been scribbled in ballpoint .
Among the photos and schematic drawings , there are doodles of tarantulas with human heads .
In short , the book belies the extravagance of the feat it seems to document : the covert installation , and brief use , of a balcony on the 91st floor of the World Trade Center , 1,100 feet above the earth .
Eight photographs -- some grainy , all taken from a great distance -- depict one tower 's vast eastern facade , marred by a tiny molelike growth : a lone figure dressed in a white jacket , standing in a lectern - size box .
The contemporary art world , of course , is rife with acts of subversion followed by boasting , which is known as '' documentation . ''
In that context , the beauty of the balcony was that it so literally pushed the envelope .
Yet since that Sunday morning in March 2000 , when the balcony was allegedly installed and , 19 minutes later , dismantled , the affair has taken on the outlines of an urban myth , mutated by rumors and denials among the downtown cognoscenti .
George Bush tried to make a connection between Iraq and al - Qaida in a conversation with Tony Blair three days after the 9/11 attacks , according to Blair 's foreign policy adviser of the time .
Sir David Manning told the official inquiry into the war that Bush , speaking to Blair by phone on 14 September 2001 , " said that he thought there might be evidence that there was some connection between Saddam Hussein and Osama bin Laden and al - Qaida .
"
The prime minister 's response to this was that the evidence would have to be very compelling indeed to justify taking any action against Iraq , " Manning said .
Blair followed up the conversation with a letter stressing the need to focus on the situation in Afghanistan , where the attacks originated .
But by the time Blair went to visit Bush at his ranch in Crawford , Texas , in April 2002 the British were " very conscious that Iraq would be on the agenda " , Manning said .
Manning , who was firmly ensconced in the Blair camp in the run up to the war , said both he and the prime minister told Bush it would be " impossible " for the UK to take part in action against Iraq unless it was through the UN .
The UK 's subsequent participation in the invasion alongside the US without UN backing was because Blair felt he had to be " as good as his word " to the US , Manning said .
Manning , who became ambassador to Washington in 2003 , told the inquiry he personally " regretted " that diplomacy and weapons inspections were not given more time and that he thought it was " essential " to have a second UN resolution .
But the US was convinced these measures were not working and that a second resolution was impossible .
Manning said Blair was so intent on diplomacy that he may even have affected military planning and there was probably " some uneasiness in the MoD about the lateness of decisions " .
" There was a sense in the MoD , probably , that we had to try and ensure that the policy that we were following diplomatically did not mean that we were excluding military options , " said Manning , stressing that he was not a military expert .
" My impression was that he [ Blair ] was reluctant to take these decisions until he had to , that some might have said he went beyond the ideal of when he had to , he left it quite late .
But I think he always felt that he wanted to give the sense that the diplomatic approach in the United Nations was paramount . "
The original plan , until the end of 2002 , was for British troops to go into northern Iraq .
The British had to adapt their plan when in early 2003 Condoleezza Rice , Bush 's secretary of state , called Manning to say Turkey was refusing to co-operate .
Asked about the " conditionality "
Blair was supposed to have demanded from the US in return for Britain 's co-operation , Manning said Blair pressed for a Middle East conference that did not happen .
He said postwar planning was a matter of concern and the British had insisted on a role for the UN .
The " neocon wishful - thinking thesis " was that postwar Iraq would be like postwar Germany or Japan , said Manning .
The British had thought the US state department would be in charge for postwar planning but it was the Pentagon that took responsibility .
" The Americans seemed to lose focus " after the initial overthrow of Saddam 's regime , said Manning .
He described as " limited " Britain 's influence on the Coalition Provisional Authority , run by Paul Bremer , which disbanded the Iraqi army and purged members of Saddam 's Ba'athist regime .
After months of negotiations and numerous trips to the bargaining table , Ford has finally brokered a deal to sell Volvo to Chinese automaker Geely .
According to a Ford press release , an official agreement will be signed by Ford and Geely in the first quarter of 2010 , with the sale to close in the following quarter , provided that financing arrangements and approvals by various regulatory agencies stay on - pace .
Neither party has yet discussed specifics of the sale .
However , we know that Ford bought Volvo for around $ 6 billion in 1999 , and since most of the rumors surrounding these negotiations set Geely 's bid between $ 2 billion and $ 3 billion , the sale is likely to represent a big cash loss for Ford .
It 's also safe to assume that Ford 's concerns over intellectual property rights have now been addressed , as has Ford 's wish to see Volvo 's base of production remain in Europe ( even though Geely has already begun expanding its resources in China ) .
We also gather that the American investment consortium known as Crown was unable to make a compelling offer .
There is n't much new information included in Ford 's press release ( pasted below ) , but halfway down , we do find this little nugget : " While Ford would continue to cooperate with Volvo Cars in several areas after a possible sale , the company does not intend to retain a shareholding in the business post - sale . "
That decision is in keeping with the " ONE Ford " strategy that the company has employed the past few years -- a policy that prioritizes focus on Ford 's core operations .
Such a streamlined , cautious approach is smart these days , considering the instability in the international economy ; however , given China 's surging auto market -- which has grown 45 % in 2009 -- there might 've been some advantages to obtaining a share of Geely / Volvo .
In a brutal year that 's seen the demise of so many brands -- some that needed shuttering , others that did so prematurely -- it 's nice to close out 2009 on an up note , do n't you think ?
* * * * *
Ford Confirms Settlement of All Substantive Commercial Terms to Sell Volvo to Geely in 2010
DEARBORN , Mich. , Dec. 23 /PRNewswire -FirstCall/ -- Ford Motor Company ( NYSE : F ) confirmed today that all substantive commercial terms relating to the potential sale of Volvo Car Corporation have been settled between Ford and Zhejiang Geely Holding Group Company Limited .
While some work still remains to be completed before signing - including final documentation , financing and government approvals - Ford and Geely anticipate that a definitive sale agreement will be signed in the first quarter of 2010 , with closing of the sale likely to occur in the second quarter 2010 , subject to appropriate regulatory approvals .
The prospective sale would ensure Volvo has the resources , including the capital investment , necessary to further strengthen the business and build its global franchise , while enabling Ford to continue to focus on and implement its core ONE Ford strategy .
While Ford would continue to cooperate with Volvo Cars in several areas after a possible sale , the company does not intend to retain a shareholding in the business post - sale .
More details will be made available once the expected definitive sale agreement is signed in the first quarter of 2010 .
Ford Motor Company , a global automotive industry leader based in Dearborn , Michigan , United States , manufactures or distributes automobiles in 200 markets across six continents .
With about 230,000 employees and about 100 plants worldwide , the company 's core and affiliated automotive brands include Ford , Lincoln , Mercury , Volvo and Mazda .
The company provides financial services through Ford Motor Credit Company .
For more information regarding Ford 's products , please visit www.ford.com.
[ PRNewswire ]
Opportunity Finds Another Meteorite
NASA 's Mars Exploration Rover Opportunity has found a rock that apparently is another meteorite , less than three weeks after driving away from a larger meteorite that the rover examined for six weeks .
Opportunity used its navigation camera during the mission 's 2,022nd Martian day , or sol , ( Oct. 1 , 2009 ) to take this image of the apparent meteorite dubbed " Shelter Island . "
The pitted rock is about 47 centimeters ( 18.5 inches ) long .
Opportunity had driven 28.5 meters ( 94 feet ) that sol to approach the rock after it had been detected in images taken after a drive two sols earlier .
Opportunity has driven about 700 meters ( about 2,300 feet ) since it finished studying the meteorite called " Block Island " on Sept. 11 , 2009 .
Image Credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech
Interestingly , this recession - choked year squeezed out a lot of wonderfully awful gems , as budget publishers competed to see who could use up the world ’s entire blank - DVD supply first .
In fact , the field ’s been so fertile that we ’ve had to expand our usual 20 entries to 25 just to accommodate the overflow , along with a few “ special ” awards for boxes that , while not particularly ugly , were each terrible in their own small ways .
As always , please bear in mind that we ’re not making any judgments here about the games themselves – just the terrible boxes they came in .
25 . Petz Hamsterz Bunch
Released : Oct 27
This one ’s right on the cusp between cute and horrible , but that gerbil - looking thing in the grass skirt , coupled with the earless hat - hamster in the center , push this from mildly demeaning cartoon fantasy to creepy fever dream about malevolent rodents that walk like men .
And also that know how to wield club - like maracas .
24 . The Dark Spire
Released : April 14
Believe it or not , box art plays an important role in the retail process .
Its job is to catch the eye of the consumer , instantly give him or her an idea of the experience lurking within and , in casual - shopper cases , close the sale with its extreme awesomeness .
So it ’s sad to see a game asunique - lookingas The Dark Spire represented by a bland , gloomy logo and some outlines of bricks .
It ’s not just below the bare minimum – it ’s the same kind of shit high - school sophomores scribble on their desks .
23 . Water Sports
Released : Oct 27
Meanwhile , the box for Water Sports does a decent job of showing viewers exactly what it ’s all about .
However , it does a much better job of looking like it ’s made of Fruit Roll - Ups cut to look like clip art and thrown haphazardly against an “ ocean ” backdrop made of even more Fruit Roll - Ups .
Also , the game ’s name is either a painfully straightforward description of the activities on offer , or a direct reference to a urine - soaked sex act .
Nice .
22 . The Book of Unwritten Tales
Released : Nov 24
Admittedly , this adventure - game parody sports one of the more competent boxes on this list , and at first glance , there ’s very little wrong with it .
Except for maybe the oxymoronic title .
And the eerily childlike face of that elf - girl there .
And the allusions to Lord of the Rings that toe the line between “ parody ” and “ blatant ripoff . ”
But what really gets to us is the crab - like muppet thing .
Not only is he completely out of place , but we ca n’t shake the nagging feeling that we ’ve seen him somewhere before …
Oh , right :
21 . Hysteria Hospital : Emergency Ward
Released : June 16
Jesus , what a mess .
While some poor sap gets electrocuted in the upper left , the shifty - looking orderly ignores him to lavish some attention on a dumb kid who got his foot caught in a fishbowl .
Meanwhile , Foreground Nurse ca n’t be bothered with either of them ; she ’s too busy losing her shit because the EMT is laughing at her for distracting him with her huge breasts and making him crash the ambulance into the game ’s logo again .
But still : way better than socialized medicine , amirite ?
20 . Petz : My Monkey Family
Released : Nov 21
Aw , is n’t this sweet ?
Just animals being cute , with no ridiculous hats or maracas or … uh … hang on …
Um …
What .
Left 4 Dead 2
For the record , this is what Left 4 Dead 2 ’s US box art looks like :
Above : Strong .
Evocative .
Gnarled as all hell
And this is what UK gamers see on store shelves :
Above : Weak .
Flaccid .
Possibly declaring victory
For readers outside the UK , the “ controversy ” behind the packaging change stems from the so - called “ two - finger salute , ” a rude gesture common to the UK that ’s roughly analogous to flipping the bird .
Above :
Sort of like this , yes
Apparently the idea of neat rows of zombie hands flipping off a nation ’s grandmothers from the bully pulpit of store shelves was just too much for the game ’s European distributors to bear .
Whatever their reasons , could n’t they have at least come up with something more threatening ?
Three manufacturers of a commonly used fire retardant have voluntarily agreed to phase out its production within three years in a pact with the Environmental Protection Agency .
Environmentalists have long advocated a ban on the retardant decabromodiphenyl ether , or DecaBDE , which is used widely in consumer electronics , furniture and textiles , among other items .
It has been found to be a potential carcinogen and to be toxic to the nervous system .
The agreement , with the manufacturers Chemtura , Albemarle and ICL Industrial Products , would end the production , importation and use of the chemical in all consumer products by December 2012 .
A full ban would take effect one year later .
No accord has been reached with a Japanese manufacturer that exports products with the substance to the United States .
VATICAN CITY ( Reuters ) - Industrialized nations must recognize their responsibility for the environmental crisis , shed their consumerism and embrace more sober lifestyles , Pope Benedict said on Tuesday .
Pope Benedict XVI delivers his weekly Angelus blessing to the crowd gathered below in Saint Peter 's square at the Vatican December 13 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Tony Gentile
The pope ’s call for more environmental commitments came in his message for the Roman Catholic Church ’s annual World Day of Peace , to be marked on Jan 1 and whose theme is “ If You Want to Cultivate Peace , Protect Creation . ”
The message is traditionally sent to heads of state , government and international organizations and its importance this year is more significant because its release coincided with the U.N. climate conference in Copenhagen .
“ It is important to acknowledge that among the causes of the present ecological crisis is the historical responsibility of the industrialized countries , ” he said in the message .
While saying that developing countries “ are not exempt from their own responsibilities with regard to creation , ” and had a duty to gradually adopt effective environmental measures , the bulk of his criticism was aimed at rich nations .
Speaking of the need for all nations to address the issue of energy resources , he said :
“ This means that technologically advanced societies must be prepared to encourage more sober lifestyles , while reducing their energy consumption and improving its efficiency . ”
He said no nation or people can remain indifferent to problems such as climate change , desertification , pollution , the loss of biodiversity , the increase of natural catastrophes and the deforestation of equatorial and tropical regions .
Environmental concerns too often took a back seat to what he called “ myopic economic interests , ” adding the international community and governments had a moral duty to “ send the right signals ” to effectively combat misuse of the environment .
“ Humanity needs a profound cultural renewal ; it needs to rediscover those values which can serve as the solid basis for building a brighter future for all , ” he said .
“ Our present crises -- be they economic , food - related , environmental or social -- are ultimately also moral crises , and all of them are interrelated . ”
He called on all people to “ move beyond a purely consumerist mentality ” so that they could “ rethink the path which we are traveling together ” and adapt “ a lifestyle marked by sobriety and solidarity ” between the haves and the have nots .
Environmental issues deserved the attention of the world community because the were human rights issues that could influence the right to life , food , health and development .
“ Sad to say , it is all too evident that large numbers of people in different countries and areas of our planet are experiencing increased hardship because of the negligence or refusal of many others to exercise responsible stewardship over the environment , ” he said .
Rainn Wilson , best known for playing Dwight Schrute on The Office , shot a 140 - second film using a Nikon D5000 as part of his participation in the Nikon Film Festival .
He talked with us about directing , pancakes and solar - powered deer - meat grinders .
Rainn is one of three judges in the inaugural Twitter - themed Nikon Festival , in which people submit 140 - second videos in the hopes of winning a $ 100,000 prize .
Here 's Rainn 's own video — not a contest entry , naturally — which he made using just an entry - level DSLR :
Advertisement
Click to view
In your 140 - second film , you scatter pancakes on the ground in the shape of an eye , taunt a rocking horse , and play yourself in ping - pong .
Were you worried about making a film that 's such transparent Oscar - bait ?
Advertisement
I was , I was a little bit .
You know , there 's kind of a formula for winning an Oscar and I pretty much followed it to a tee .
The only things I left out were someone dying of a debilitating illness and a lot of , like , tracking shots at an airport .
You 're an actor , writer and Twitterer , so it seems like this festival is a pretty good fit — but what about this particular festival most appealed to you ?
Advertisement
One thing I 'm all for , in all seriousness , is , in this age of minutia , where anyone can post their domes on their websites or on YouTube , where digital cameras take high - def video , is to democratize the filmmaking art .
Instead of filmmaking being this realm of people who went to top film schools and knew the right people , now it 's open to everyone .
All you need is a camera that you can buy at your local Best Buy , a good idea and some visual talent for storytelling , and you can win a real prize .
Hypothetical question :
What would you say is a reasonable amount of money to slip a judge in , say , a digital short film festival , to ensure a win ?
Purely hypothetical , remember .
Advertisement
I can guarantee anyone a win for $ 99,000 .
You could walk away with $ 1,000 .
American .
Just slip me 99 grand and it's yours .
You 've achieved pretty amazing success in the past few years , with a breakout role on a hit sitcom , the leading role in a movie , and a bunch of memorable cameos .
Were you upset when MTV chose iJustine over you to be the official Twitter correspondent of the 2009 Video Music Awards ?
Advertisement
Upset is the understatement of the century .
I was devastated .
My world was rocked .
I have more Twitter followers , I 'm better known , and I have a MUCH better body .
Your spirituality - discussion website is called SoulPancake , and pancakes are also featured in your 140 - second film .
What can you tell us about your relationship with pancakes ?
Advertisement
You know , I 'm trying to get over a primal wound .
When I was a child , I was raped by a pancake .
My followup question was if you had any favorite pancake recipes you want to share , but now it seems like kind of a sore topic .
Advertisement
Yeah , very sore .
But I 'd have to go with the walnut - cranberry .
That 's a good one .
Pumpkin . Lemon .
So …
Caramel ...
Pancakes .
Your 140 - second film is really well shot and fun to look at — did you direct it yourself ?
Advertisement
I directed it in collaboration with a friend of mine , Joshua Homnick .
We 've collaborated on a bunch of things ; we 're actually working on a new media project for Microsoft Zune and Xbox .
[ Joshua is ] a great filmmaker , photographer , and editor ; I could n't have done it without him .
Are you interested in maybe directing an episode of The Office , like Steve Carell did ?
Advertisement
Yeah .
John Krasinski directs one in the spring and supposedly I 'll be directing one pretty soon .
So get ready for that .
I 'm gonna put Carell through his paces .
I 'm gonna be like , " Man , uh - uh , not good enough .
Not funny enough .
Try again , make me laugh .
Cut !
What are you thinking , Carell ?
Come on , magic man , show me what you got ! "
Do you think Dwight would read Gizmodo ?
I ask because it sometimes seems like some of our commenters are channeling him .
Advertisement
Dwight would definitely be on Gizmodo , but he'd be the guy on the comment board who always writes " first . "
He 'd always be in a race to write first .
He'd be " The First Guy . "
After seeing the joy that Dwight took in his Christmas present this year , a nutcracker he built himself , I 'm curious :
What would Dwight 's favorite gadgets be ?
Are any of them from this century ?
Advertisement
That 's an excellent question .
I think Dwight would enjoy updating industrial gadgets from the last century for the modern world .
For instance , he might have , like , a deer sausage grinder , but solar powered .
git - bigfiles -
Git for big files
git - bigfiles is our fork of ​ Git .
It has two goals :
make life bearable for people using Git on projects hosting very large files ( hundreds of megabytes )
merge back as many changes as possible into upstream
Git once they ’re of acceptable quality
Features
git - bigfiles already features the following fixes :
git-config : add core.bigFileThreshold option to treat files larger than this value as big files
: add option to treat files larger than this value as big files git - p4 : fix poor string building performance when importing big files ( git - p4 is now only marginally faster on Linux but 4 to 10 times faster on Win32 )
: fix poor string building performance when importing big files ( git - p4 is now only marginally faster on Linux but 4 to 10 times faster on Win32 ) git - p4 : do not perform keyword replacements on big files
: do not perform keyword replacements on big files git - fast - import : do not perform delta search on big files and deflate them on - the - fly ( fast - import is now three times as fast and uses 5 times less memory with big files )
: do not perform delta search on big files and deflate them on - the - fly ( fast - import is now three times as fast and uses 5 times less memory with big files ) git -pack - objects : do not perform delta search on big files ( pack - objects is now 10 % faster , but there is no memory gain yet )
Results
Git fast - import memory usage and running time when importing a repository with binary files up to 150 MiB , then git-gc on the same repository :
Development
git - bigfiles development is centralised in a repo.or.cz
Git repository .
Clone the repository :
git clone git://repo.or.cz/git/git-bigfiles.git
If you already have a working copy of upstream git , you may save a lot of bandwidth by doing :
git clone git://repo.or.cz/git/git-bigfiles.git -- reference / path/to/git/
The main Git repository is constantly merged into git-bigfiles .
See the ​git - bigfiles repository on ​repo.or.cz .
To do
The following commands are real memory hogs with big files :
git diff - tree -- stat -- summary - M < sha1 > HEAD
git gc ( as called by git merge ) fails with warning : suboptimal pack - out of memory
Readings
An Irish eye surgeon has noticed a dramatic rise in the number of patients with damaged retinas this year .
The condition is called solar retinopathy , and Dr. Eamonn O'Donoghue , a consultant ophthalmologist surgeon , thinks he knows what 's causing the rise .
Via BBC
News :
Thousands of people have been travelling to the County Mayo pilgrimage shrine of Knock after hearing that the Virgin Mary would appear there .
Some claimed to have seen the sun " dancing in the sky " .
O'Donoghue believes the pilgrims at the holy shrine — as many as 7,000 gathered on October 31st — are staring into the sun while waiting for the Virgin Mary to appear , and damaging their retinas in the process .
Now in real numbers , O'Donoghue has seen five patients with the condition since people began flocking to the Knock , but he told the Irish Times that he normally sees at most one case per year .
Again , from BBC News :
Solar retinopathy , or eclipse retinopathy as it is also known , can cause a significant reduction in vision .
It can also lead to altered images , altered colour perception and blind spots .
While most people will recover their vision within six months , solar retinopathy has the potential to have a long - term degenerative effect on the retina .
O'Donoghue also adds that the reason people are seeing the sun dance in the sky is because , well , they 're staring at the sun for long periods of time .
So be patient , people .
If the Virgin Mary is on her way , staring at the sun wo n't make her arrive any sooner .
Related Content : Discoblog : A Bishop Calls for Holy Water Ban to Stop Swine Flu Spread Discoblog : Holy Crops !
Pope Backs Genetically Modified Foods Discoblog : Religion : A Tool to Keep the Parasites Away ?
Image : flickr / law kevin
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
Photo illustration / iStock images
Comedian Eugene Mirman is going to Copenhagen for Grist to cover the international climate talks .
Eugene is a fairly well - informed guy ( he at least scans Google News looking for reviews of his latest album ) , but he ’s the first to admit that he does n’t live , eat , and smoke climate policy .
At his request , the Grist staff threw together a basic cheat sheet on Copenhagen .
It ’s overly simplistic .
It avoids lots of important details .
It ’s probably offensive .
In short , it ’s just enough to help Eugene feign cluefulness when he ’s accosting world leaders in Denmark .
Give our cheat sheet a gander .
How would you explain Copenhagen to Eugene Mirman ?
Share your wit and wisdom in comments below …
Dear Eugene :
COP15 is climate geek - speak for the 15th annual meeting of the Conference of the Parties to the U.N. climate convention .
This meeting — being held in warm , sunny Copenhagen ( “ the South Padre Island of Scandinavia ” ) — is a big deal because the goal is to produce a new , binding climate agreement aimed at cutting greenhouse - gas emissions worldwide and staving off climate catastrophe .
Everyone wants to save the world , right ?
Yes , but … there are plenty of thorny issues dividing the world ’s governments ( just imagine getting 192 third graders to agree on a single fast - food joint ) .
Here ’s how we break down the Copenhagen talks :
SORRY WE SCREWED UP THE PLANET
Probably the biggest tension at the conference is between the rich , developed world ( that ’s us ! ) and the developing world — i.e. the Global South , the Third World , those billions of people whose lives just are n’t very cushy .
The world ’s poor nations are pretty pissed .
Just as they ’re getting to a point where middle - class , consumer economies are within their reach , the rich countries are telling them to cool their jets .
Economic development comes at a high environmental price , as most of the world is still in the business of burning coal and oil to power factories , cars , electronics , etc .
And then there ’s the fact that richer people tend to want golf courses and McMansions , 24 - hour fried chicken joints and Starbucks stores on every block — stuff that ’s ultimately hard on the natural world .
The poor countries say : “ You guys got to grow rich by burning coal for 200 years .
Now you want us to give up our dreams of 24 - hour electricity and shopping malls ?
How dare you ! ”
That , in a nutshell , explains much of the diplomatic wrangling over global climate action .
FOLLOW THE MONEY , PART 1
Poor countries want to save the world too .
But it ’s gonna cost money — rich countries ’ money .
Probably the biggest obstacle on the international scene to getting a climate deal is figuring out how to pay to help poor nations prepare for a climate - changed world — a.k.a. “ climate adaptation . ”
It will cost money to leapfrog the poor countries to a more sustainable future powered by clean energy .
And it ’ll cost money to deal with all the climate change that ’s already going to happen no matter what .
Maybe this would have been easier in the Roaring ’90s or the Housing Bubble ’00s , but these days the rich world is , well , broke .
Even the do - gooder European Union can’t agree on how much its member countries should contribute to an international climate - adaptation fund .
And you can bet Obama does n’t relish having to ask Congress for more money for poor people in countries Americans can’t even pronounce .
FOLLOW THE MONEY , PART 2
The business community is all over the map when it comes to climate action .
The usual “ bad guy ” suspects oppose efforts to curb carbon emissions .
And conservatives the world over say carbon trading or carbon taxes amount to just another effort to choke economic growth and feed big government .
The “ good guys ” in the biz world are a pretty diverse lot .
Some are clean energy and technology types who will profit from shifting toward renewable energy sources and efficiency .
Some are responding to consumer pressure to at least look like they are doing something to save the world .
Some business leaders may actually be concerned about the state of the planet .
It ’s a motley crew .
To the extent that there ’s a leader , it ’s the Copenhagen Climate Council and its charismatic spokesman , Aussie Tim Flannery .
Tim looks like the type of guy who could shotgun a big can of Foster ’s while arguing the finer points of ocean acidification with a bunch of angry Japanese whalers .
Perfect for leading a business alliance !
THE PRICKLY PLAYERS
Getting a climate treaty approved will require balancing the competing interests of countries that are n’t exactly Third World and are n’t exactly rich — Russia , China , India , Brazil ( for starters ) .
Each of these countries could make or break a deal .
Russia : Besides being a KGB / Mafia - run autocracy , it ’s a huge energy producer .
There ’s lots of oil in Russia ’s Far East , and tons of natural gas ( which Europe relies on ) .
Plus the Chinese are buying up Siberian forests to turn them into Ikea furniture and particle board .
Russia will want to be compensated if its resources are n’t going to be worth as much in the future .
Plus , they just generally love stickin’ it to the West .
China :
If China ’s economy fails to grow , the Communist - in - name - only regime will be toppled .
Right now , the 5 - 6 percent annual growth Beijing needs is being achieved by burning lots of coal .
China ’s leaders do understand that climate change is real .
They are pumping bagillions of yuan into clean energy and technology research .
But it ’ll be a while before that pays off , so for now the Chinese do n’t want to commit to firm carbon caps .
And in the meantime , they ’re buying up resources all around the world to feed their insatiable industries .
India :
If you think America is tricky to engage , take a look at India .
Despite all the economic growth there in the past two decades , much of the country remains very poor .
It needs growth to bring its 1.2 billion citizens out of poverty , compete with China , and maintain the huge army it has sitting on the border with Pakistan ( and deployed through the central part of the country to fight the Maoist rebels who are actually starting to look like a real threat ) .
India ’s leaders are saying two different things : to Indian voters , they ’re saying , “ Screw the West , we ’ll grow however we want . ”
To the West , “ We understand the climate challenge .
We want to be part of the solution . ”
Not a very tenable situation from a domestic political standpoint , and surely an indication that India , much like China , is unwilling to sacrifice growth for climate action .
Brazil :
Here ’s another increasingly rich country that needs continued economic growth to deal with its own poverty problem .
It ’s gonna cost the West some serious $ to keep the Amazon forest from being slashed and burned .
Meanwhile , Brazil may try to represent the interests of Latin America ’s poorer nations in a bid to extend influence .
What this means is that a powerful voice will be speaking on behalf of poor countries that are looking to get paid for not chopping down their forests .
Saudi Arabia , etc :
When we wean ourselves off of oil , we ’ll be free of all those nasty regimes where everyone wants to kill us !
Hooray !
Oh , wait … not so fast .
Saudi Arabia and other Islamic petro-states are pretty screwed .
Their populations are growing like crazy , their corrupt governments have failed to foster robust economic growth , and the only thing keeping everything together is $ 80 / barrel oil .
If the money spigot gets turned off , you can bet there will be new Osamas popping up all over the Middle East .
So , the oil states wanna get paid too .
Imagine that — for 50 years , we ’ve paid billions for their oil , and now we ’re supposed to send them billions more to not sell their oil ?
How ’s that gonna play in Red America ?
Exactly .
… AND THE TRULY FØCKED
Remember the Maldives !
There are lots of small countries , mostly island states , that are going to disappear if sea levels rise as much as scientists predict .
Understandably , they are pissed .
They like their islands just the way they are — above sea level .
These countries will be vocal in Copenhagen .
But they are kinda like the angry guy in the check - out line at 7 - Eleven — the rest of us just keep our eyes on the floor , sympathizing a bit with his plight but really just hoping the whole situation will go away .
Small island nations have a big handicap — very small populations and not much money , so they lack clout .
And that explains why they are screaming so loudly .
The truly føcked also include bigger countries like Bangladesh , where millions of people are crammed into a river delta that will definitely be under water in 100 years .
And that ties back to the whole adaptation - financing issue mentioned above .
How much will it cost to help the Bangladeshes of the world get ready for millions of their people being displaced by climate change ?
KEEP HOPE ALIVE ?
Yeah , Obama won the election !
Everything is immediately better , right ?
Ha !
The rest of the world is kinda ticked at our beloved Prez .
They do n’t appreciate that he ca n’t just order Congress to pass a climate bill , and they ’re not happy that the White House appears to be dedicating more effort to Afghanistan and health reform than climate change .
Obama will show up in Copenhagen without a firm promise from the U.S. to cap its carbon emissions .
Plenty of countries are sitting on the sidelines , waiting for Uncle Sam to get in the game .
SEE YOU NEXT YEAR IN MEXICO !
Did we say that there would be a binding climate treaty done in Copenhagen ?
Really ?
I do n’t remember that , but if you say so .
…
What we really meant to say is that we ’ll get lots done in Denmark , but we ’ll save the real party for 2010 in Mexico City .
It ’ll be sunnier there , we ’ll eat some spicy food , take in the local wrestling matches , maybe dip over to Cabo for some R&R …
Felíz Año Nuevo , baby !
COP16 will happen next December in Mexico .
Obama and other world leaders recently said they will reach a “ politically binding agreement ” in Copenhagen , which is fancy diplomatic speak for , “ We ’ll hunker down in our Danish study hall and bang out as much homework as we can , but there ’s no way we ’re getting this project turned in before next semester . ”
Andale , muchachos !
Spread the news on what the føck is going on in Copenhagen with friends via email , Facebook , Twitter , or smoke signals .
A former competitor , Election Systems & Software , a leading company in the election systems industry , will pay only $ 5 million for the business developed from Diebold ’s $ 31 million purchase in January 2002 .
More ...
Related :
Two voting companies & two brothers will count 80 percent of U.S. election using both scanners & touchscreens
Voters can run , but they can't hide from these guys .
Meet the Urosevich brothers , Bob and Todd .
Their respective companies , Diebold and ES&S , will count ( using both computerized ballot scanners and touchscreen machines ) about 80 percent of all votes cast in the upcoming U.S. presidential election .
Both ES&S and Diebold have been caught installing uncertified software in their machines .
Although there is no known certification process that will protect against vote rigging or technical failure , it is a requirement of most , if not all , states .
More ...
There were three editions of the Oblique Strategies produced in limited edition and made available for sale .
Edition 1 ( 1975 ) was a signed and numbered edition of 500
Edition 2 ( 1978 ) , an edition of unknown size ( 500 or 1000 probably )
Edition 3 ( 1979 ) , also an edition of unknown size .
It appears that at least some of the first edition decks of the Oblique Strategies were made available through import mail - order companies ( although my informant ( RickTX@swbell.net .
Thanks , Rick ) does n't remember who .
I 'm betting that it was Jem , given the dates ) in addition to whatever direct sales there may have been .
The later editions were offered for sale through Opal .
The final announcement of the availability of the Oblique Strategies concerns the final remaining copies of the third edition , and appears in issue number 9 of " Opal Information " , dated June 1988 .
The price for the third edition deck at that time was :
£ 16.50 ( UK , Eire )
£ 17.OO ( Europe )
£ 18.00 ( N. and S. America , Africa )
£ 18.40 ( Australia and Japan )
Each of the three versions of the Oblique Strategies decks varies slightly , as suggested by the introductory blurb which comes with the deck .
And that is the case - each subsequent version of the deck added cards , dropped some , and reworded or edited existing Strategies .
In the recently published diary " A Year With Swollen Appendices , " [ Faber and Faber , 1996 ] , Brian describes the Oblique Strategies as follows :
" ... The original box , which we published in 1975 , contained 113 cards , but since they some have been omitted and new ones have been added .
Peter Schmidt died in early 1980 , and since then I 've been the curator of the Oblique Strategies .
They have been published three times in English and also in French and Japanese .
They have also been produced as a floppy disc .
No two releases are exactly identical - cards come and go . "
The untimely death of Peter Schmidt while on holiday in Spain in 1980 meant that no later versions of the Oblique Strategies could be made as a collaborative activity between Eno and his friend and teacher .
And , with the exception of a privately commissioned and produced fourth edition ( which was never offered for sale ) , no further editions of the deck have been produced .
At present , there are no plans to produce another version of the deck ( with the possible exception of rumours of a Japanese language edition which may appear someday ) for sale .
For more on your possible quest to acquire a copy of the Oblique Strategies , click here .
The First Three Editions - a Text Listing
One of the novel features of this site is Oblique Stratigraphy - your cyberopportunity to traverse a kind of stratigraphic representation of the four editions of the Oblique Strategies and discover for yourself the play of addition , omission and alteration over the course of time .
However , some of you may be primarily interested in the contents of each of the Oblique Strategy decks as text .
This page helpfully provides you with the following listings :
Although the privately commissioned fourth edition is described elsewhere , I am including a text listing of it as well .
An Homage to the Missing Collaborator
' BETRAYAL ' :
A promotional shot of Vintner 's Luck movie director Niki Caro , left , on set with Elizabeth Knox , the author of the book it was adapted from .
Knox says she had little to do with making the movie .
The author Elizabeth Knox lay in bed and cried for days after watching Niki Caro 's film adaptation of her acclaimed book The Vintner 's Luck .
Knox , who got to see the film only days before its first public showing , says she was shocked and upset by how much it departed from her story .
" She took out what the book was actually about , and I was deeply surprised and deeply puzzled by it , because I do n't know why she did it . "
The film did have virtues , including its visual beauty and the actors ' performances , Knox said .
" But I kept expecting the story that I 'd written to happen . "
The movie opened in New Zealand last week .
It has received a critical drubbing both here and overseas , but Knox has kept her reaction quiet until now because she wanted viewers to decide for themselves .
The book centres on a 19th - century gay romance between an angel , Xas , and a French peasant winemaker , Sobran Jodeau .
But the film reduced that relationship to little more than the angel giving advice about wine , Knox said .
" The film does n't do the gay romance .
It has a vague gay flirtation that amounts to nothing and it has quite a lot of heterosexual sex in it . "
Immediately after seeing it , Knox wrote an email to Caro praising much of the movie but also calling it a " betrayal " for its treatment of the relationship .
She received a response that was polite , but a " great big cop - out " , she said .
Since then , she and her husband , the publisher Fergus Barrowman , had sent more emails to the film 's producers , including one while " I was lying in bed crying for several days " , Knox said .
The disappointment had come during a difficult year , when her mother had also been ill , so it was hard to separate the stress from that and the film .
She had little to do with making the movie , she said .
" I believe in letting people get on with their jobs .
And I also trusted [ Niki ] and had respect for her as an artist . "
Knox said she would have been happy if Caro had ignored the tale and created a great new film , but that was n't the case .
" She 's taken her own chance on her own story – and it has n't worked . "
When contacted by The Dominion Post yesterday , Caro immediately hung up and subsequently did not return phone messages .
REVIEWS OF THE FILM
Not even Caro 's earthy , sensuous film - making can overcome the tale 's glib supernatural conceit , overstated moral lessons and overall dramatic torpor .
Justin Chang , Variety
An overblown work of amazing silliness .
Peter Brunnete , The Hollywood Reporter
Readers of the book will be wondering why Caro has left out , well , pretty much everything ...
What is left over is not only nonsensical , it is bloody tedious .
Graeme Tuckett , The Dominion Post
Niki Caro's film of The Vintner 's Luck will divide audiences .
Some will despise it with a passionate fire , and some will merely find it rather dull and pointless .
David Larsen , Listener
Falls midway between absurd and engrossing , misjudged and intelligent .
Mike Goodridge , Screen Daily
The film 's lyrical beauty and intelligence makes it something quite unexpected .
Paul Fischer , Dark Horizons
Updated at bottom
To be clear , this is not an application to monitor app engine itself , but rather to monitor other servers , web servers specifically , from the ( hopefully ) reliable App Engine infrastructure .
If you are n’t familiar with it , Googles App Engine is a true cloud computing platform that operates in terms of hosting applications directly , rather than hosting a Linux instance on their servers and then running applications on top of it .
While i’m sure the foundation is probably Linux , you wo n’t ever see that because it is abstracted away .
App Engine is completely free to use for apps like this with very low resource requirements , but if an application did require more resources than Googles fairly generous free allocation , they will let you pay for more .
The driving force for writing this bit of code was twofold :
First , there are plenty of monitoring services available but most of them require payment if you want anything more than 1 hour granularity , and most of them will only tell you a server was unavailable , they wo n’t tell you why , or give you much in the way of notification choices .
As I love the Prowl push notification system on my iPod , support for it was essential , and that required writing something myself .
Second , writing this code was a great exercise that will help when I write other , larger Python web applications using App Engine , Django or other web application frameworks .
“ Major ” features to note :
Monitors an arbitrary list of web servers entered by the administrator
Supports both SSL ( port 443 ) , and non-SSL ( port 80 )
Keeps track of current uptime , and displays it to the administrator or to everyone
Stores the last HTTP response code returned by each server
Notifies the administrator of an event via email or Prowl
Reports error code 500 to the administrator
Reports unreachable servers
In the future :
Notifications via Facebook , SMS , and Twitter
Integration of libcloud ( already in the git repo ) to automate actions based on events
AJAX interface
More stuff :)
If you require monitoring and notification of this sort , I assume you can probably figure out how to get App Engine going and upload this code to your own App Engine account , tutorials for this are available all over the web .
I will however note that the url “ aeservmon.appspot.com ” is already taken ;)
You may need to change the app name in app .yaml in order to serve it in your own App Engine account .
I would provide this as a free service on my App Engine account , however the CPU requirements shoot up pretty fast for each additional server added to the monitor , so it would quickly be shut down by Google for using too many CPU resources during each server check interval .
I advise only adding 10 - 12 servers to each installation , adding more may require changing the code to reduce resource usage .
The intended audience is system administrators with only a few servers to watch , so it may not be a problem for most of you .
Now on to the code ……….
While development on this little app is not finished and i have much more to add to it , it is functional and reliable in my testing , so I have decided to open source it in its current state , and publish it on GitHub :
http://github.com/mrsteveman1/aeservmon
Notification methods that have been implemented and tested include Email and Prowl , both work out of the box but Prowl requires you to enter your Prowl API key in the admin interface .
If you enter an invalid API key , the interface will show an error icon next to the key .
Twitter support is in the codebase but currently disabled , as the twitter module i was using appears to require temporary files which Google does not allow .
I may hack around in the module to remove that requirement or just implement twitter notifications myself .
Facebook and SMS notifications are also being worked on .
When you login to the admin interface and add a server , the email account you are logged in with is recorded in the database for that server entry , and this address is used to email you if you select the email notification method .
Google will not allow email to originate from an email address that is not set as an administrator of the App or the logged in user , so by setting it automatically any problems are avoided .
It may be possible to use an external python module to send email , and this MIGHT remove the limitation .
Due to limitations of the App Engine system , checking and uptime recording can only be done in intervals of 1 minute or more , however this is perfectly acceptable for most situations ( certainly better than 1 hour ) .
The checking is done by running a specific URL once per minute using the App Engine cron system , and the code behind that URL takes care of updating the database in which status and uptime are recorded for each server , and notifying you of any events if necessary .
If you wish to change the checking interval , change the timer in cron.yml .
Each time a notification is sent out , a hold flag is set , so that you do n’t receive a flood of notifications every minute .
A maintenance script runs every 20 minutes to release the hold , after which time you will receive another notification if the server is still down .
The admin interface is simple , and was built with the templating system on App Engine ( which is derived from Django ) .
There is a separate CSS file , some forms , and the rest is dynamically generated using variables .
In the future i may build out an AJAX interface on top of the basic forms but it is not a high priority since in normal use you will never see the interface unless you are adding servers or removing them .
The interface does display uptime for each server , in the future i may add support for graphing uptime records .
By default only the administration panel is restricted by a login , if you wish to also restrict the main page ( the one you can see in the first screenshot ) , you can add “ login : admin ” to the main page entry in app.yml ( it should be the last one ) .
Use the other entries as an example .
If you wish to only restrict login to authenticated users ( meaning anyone with a google account , or potentially anyone part of a Google Apps domain ) , consult the App Engine Python documentation here : here .
As stated above , i intend to integrate Libcloud ( it ’s already included in the codebase in github ) , which is a python module allowing remote control of various hosting services such as Linode , Slicehost and others .
Primarily , I plan to implement remote automated reboot , for instance if one of our Linodes goes down ( meaning NO response ) for more than 30 minutes .
Normally I would get a notification via Prowl when there is an outage and take care of the problem , but sometimes that is n’t possible so it would be nice to know that at least some action is being taken automatically .
As this is one of the first Python applications i have written , there are probably a few bugs i have not found yet , particularly handling variable situations and exceptions ( though there is some exception handling included to solve the most obvious problems ) .
We ’re actually using this in production right now to monitor servers , and while I ca n’t speak for everyone I am certainly glad to have a monitoring system that works the way I want it to work , essentially for free .
Hopefully you will find it useful too :)
December 9th , 2009 – Updated the codebase to support multiple notification methods per server , so you can get notifications via email AND prowl to ensure you see one of them .
Also updated templates a bit , and added lines in the model to support eventual facebook , twitter and sms notifications .
I did fix some of the space / tab mixing in a few files so if you ’ve forked the project or altered it locally in your git repo , it may not merge cleanly .
January 3rd , 2010 – Updated the code to hopefully fix a cache issue with urlfetch .
Credit goes to Greg Sheremeta , thanks ! :)
January 21st , 2010 – Updated checkservers.py to add a longer deadline for urlfetch , it was timing out for servers that were still online and sending false downtime notifications .
7.3 - liter V12 ’s do n’t grow in peach orchards .
Before AMG gave Pagani the monster engine to propel the Zonda , they built it for one of their own cars : the ferocious SL73 .
Advertisement
But first , the engine .
It ’s called the M120 and it ’s the size of a calving iceberg .
Europeans are not known for making giant engines , mostly because our nanny states tax the bejesus out of displacement , but tell that to Messrs .
Aufrecht and Melcher from Großaspach , whose firm AMG have been a Mercedes - Benz loony shop since 1967 .
When AMG makes an engine , it ’s invariably of Victorian dimensions .
And none are bigger than the 7.3 - liter M120 they installed in the very last version of the R129 , which is the fourth generation of the big SL roadster , produced between 1990 and 2002 .
Advertisement
When AMG laid their hands on the M120 in 1999 to make the SL73 , it had already been around for years in its original 6 - liter form : it powered all of Mercedes - Benz ’s V12 cars in the 90s .
To get an SL73 — and there were only around 85 made between 1999 and 2001 , a rumored fifty of those going straight to the Sultan of Brunei — you had to purchase an SL600 roadster from Mercedes - Benz and hand it over to AMG , accompanied by a wad of Deutschmarks to the tune of $ 50,000 .
What you got for your silly banker money was a bored and stroked V12 , its insides sprinkled with titanium goodies , good for 518 HP and 553 lb- ft of torque , eye popping numbers for 1999 .
All that power would then propel your 2 - ton slab of little aluminum and lots of shteel all the way to 186 MPH , with 60 of those miles per hour arriving after a decidedly Ferrari- esque 4.8 seconds .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The SL73 would be the very last version of the R129 , which was replaced by the R230 to become the current version of the SL roadster .
But its engine lives on .
Advertisement
Thanks to Horacio Pagani ’s good relationship with Mercedes - Benz — made possible by his friendship with fellow Argentine and 50s racing god Juan Manuel Fangio , who won two Formula One world titles for Mercedes — every version of the Zonda has been powered by the big AMG .
Power is now up to 678 HP in the track - only Zonda R . And contrary to the SL73 , every Zonda is very happy to zig and zag .
No surprise there : they are barely over half the weight of the SL73 .
Advertisement
Photo Credit : Krzysztof Jarzębowski , LSDSL
Psyonara : Apple Wins Permanent Injunction Against Mac Clone Maker
After 17 months of litigation , the hammer has finally fallen on Psystar .
The U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California on Tuesday granted Apple ’s request for permanent injunction against the Mac clone maker , barring it from peddling PCs with the Mac OS X operating system preinstalled , circumventing the technological measures Apple ( AAPL ) uses to prevent unauthorized copying of Mac OS X and assisting others in doing so .
“ Defendant must bring its conduct into compliance with the injunction by midnight on December 31 , 2009 , at the latest , ” U.S. District Judge William Alsup wrote in his ruling .
“ Defendant must immediately begin this process , and take the quickest path to compliance ; thus , if compliance can be achieved within one hour after this order is filed , defendant shall reasonably see it done . ”
It would seem , then , to be over for Psystar , though we likely have n’t yet heard the last of it .
Alsup ’s injunction does n’t include the company ’s Rebel EFI software , which allows Mac OS X to be installed on PCs .
So for now , the company can continue to sell it , though Alsup warns that to do so is a risky legal proposition at best .
“ Rebel EFI will not be expressly excluded from the terms of the injunction , ” Alsup wrote .
“ It should be clear , however , that this ruling is without prejudice to Psystar bringing a new motion before the undersigned that includes real details about Rebel EFI , and opening itself up to formal discovery thereon .
This would serve the purpose–akin to a post- injunction motion vetting a ‘ design - around ’ in a patent action –of potentially vetting ( or not vetting ) a product like Rebel EFI under this order ’s decree . ”
The wiggle room allowed , however , is scant .
“ Moreover , Psystar may raise in such a motion any defenses it believes should apply to the factual circumstances of its new product , such as the 17 U.S.C. 117 defense raised in its opposition and at oral argument .
Whether such a defense would be successful on the merits , or face preclusion or other hurdles , this order cannot predict .
What is certain , however , is that until such a motion is brought , Psystar will be selling Rebel EFI at its peril , and risks finding itself held in contempt if its new venture falls within the scope of the injunction . ”
Below , the injunction in full :
Proving that douche -y idiots are everywhere is Jeremy Pham , a male student at Wellesley College - alma mater of Hillary Clinton , among other notables - whose recent misogynistic outburst started a minor firestorm - and may have gotten Pham expelled .
Advertisement
You'd think an all women 's college like Wellesley would be relatively free of this kind of asshat behavior , but the case of Jeremy Pham , a Dartmouth student in an exchange program at Wellesley , goes to prove that boys really can't handle single - sex schools , even if the sex is female ( however , he certainly shows that you can learn valuable life lessons from opposite - sex peers , in this case , mostly about how not to act ) .
A couple of weeks ago , he noticed a post on Wellesley FML ( Fuck My Life , a message board for whining , basically ) that read : " I 'm the only guy of a campus of 2,300 girls but I 'm still not getting any . "
Despite the fact that he is not the only guy at Wellesley , Pham assumed that the poster was impersonating him .
On November 21st , he responded by posting an angry message on Wellesley 's general discussion forum .
In it 's crap entirety , here is Pham 's tirade :
I do n't speak much , since I 'm pretty reserved by nature and I 'm never really around either ( I 'm always doing projects at the other school in Cambridge ) .
But since Wellesley girls apparently insist on writing false posts under my name , as well as treating my friends that visit here like crap just because they 're not 5 ' 9 and do n't possess the male - dominated social space of the MIT fratboy that 's fucking the shit out of you nightly , I present to you ... what normal , rational people think of you girls :
1 ) You are all a bunch of whores .
No , seriously .
The stereotype that Wellesley girls obsess over men is so true that it 's not even funny .
Go to a normal school like Dartmouth ( where one of your girls wo n't leave after 4 terms because she wants to milk the place for all it's worth ) and you 'll see that nobody there obsesses to the degree that the people in the 5th percentile here do .
Consequently , you all make poor decisions .
Which is why people on the Internet laugh at you .
Which is why people on the Internet will laugh at you even more when I make a reddit post detailing my experiences here .
2 ) You are all undeserving of the education and opportunities you have received .
The sense of entitlement here is actually kind of incredible .
Just to make sure it just was n't me , my friend visiting right now notices it too .
And he 's much more outgoing , friendly , and chill than I am .
But he 's not 5 ' 9 , so sorry girls .
But there are some insecure dudes littering the streets of Commonwealth for your amusement .
3 ) You are all too easy .
Some of us refuse to participate in the orgy of sexual tension here because we want to be respected for who we are , not what we are .
Of course , for others , it 's as easy as dropping the MIT / Harvard moniker .
I mean , what idiot thinks a meaningful relationship can develop out of a superficial encounter at a party ?
Seriously , WTF .
At my school , there are n't that many relationships .
But at least we 're honest about the fact that most of us are just merely infatuated with the other party , and not actually " in love . "
Do not make up shit under false pretenses .
Do not treat my friends like shit .
Do it one more time , and I will sue you .
It 's so funny that there 's this Wellesley Community discussion group thing going on , but if you girls can't do something as trivial as leave me alone to do my own thing , you guys have no shot at forming a cohesive community .
No fucking chance .
And I 'll just sit back and enjoy the schadenfreude .
Aside from the misogynistic rage Pham has been harboring , he also displays a fundamental confusion as to whether Wellesley girls are " whores " or too picky .
I suppose he means they are whores because they are n't interested in him - or his average - height friends .
It 's actually rather uninspired .
Lacking anything better to criticize , he goes the " slut " route , which is always odd when the general complaint is that he feels neglected .
And this is just one example of just how shockingly un - self - aware this guy is .
Probably the funniest - read : crappiest - bit is when he speaks to the " sense of entitlement " at Wellesley , while bemoaning the fact that his " friend " did n't get any during his visit .
While it 's obvious what he feels entitled to ( sex for him and his buddies )
I 'm not sure what Wellesley girls are supposed to be demanding .
Perhaps the right to choose who to fuck ?
Those whores !
Advertisement
But the Pham - saga does n't end here .
Naturally , many Wellesley women were annoyed by Pham 's message , which was posted on a board that can be viewed by both students and faculty .
In a surprising moment of clarity , Pham thought it best he apologize .
But even that did n't go so well :
Let me first begin by apologizing for my tone and perhaps the language that I used to address some of my own feelings as being one of the few , if not only , males on campus .
It is n't easy for me to be accepted in the Wellesley community .
Wellesley has been be a wonderful learning experience and many people here have been welcoming to me .
At the same time , hearing " What are you doing here ? " when walking through the halls and being judged solely based on my looks can be hard for me .
I hope you can understand that .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The " apology , " in which he continues to blame Wellesley women for being shallow bitches , goes on for quite some time .
He vacillates between praising the intelligence of the student body , and whining about the horrible treatment that has made him so bitter .
And then there is this :
A college community is the perfect place to learn from one another .
I have learned that many people do care about community and how I as " a man " can fit into it .
This was my original hope when I wrote my first post .
I do care about this community and do want to learn different points of views about a multitude of topics .
But to do this , we need to respect each other .
I hope that we can equally show each other some kindness and respect .
I can only be a productive and positive member of this community if we work together .
But it can be hard when I feel ostracized here .
Advertisement
He ends with a request that everyone comes together to " continue building community " and forget the whole I just called y'all a bunch of whores thing .
Not a perfect apology , but not nearly as bad as what came next .
The blog What Estrogen captured a screenshot of Pham 's status , which went up shortly after the " apology " was posted to the message board .
He must have forgotten that Wellesley students can view his Facebook , because he posted this :
alright so because someone wrote some false post about me on the intarw3 b at wellesley , i wrote this post calling them all entitled whores and whatnot ; clearly as a troll ( and to some extent , you have to admit that that is true ) on the open forum @ wellesley and there was a SHITSTORM of responses .
while the whole community is out protesting and acting all butthurt , i'm just sitting around lol'ing .
you fuck with me , and i'll plant a dagger in your ass .
simple as that .
How contrite .
But , like any good Crap Emailer , Pham is nothing if not voluble .
Later the same evening , he dumped this steaming pile of shit on the message board :
[ I'm really sorry … ]
... for ever coming here .
And calling all of you whores .
Clearly , some of you are still very upset about my Community post , but I have learned a lot about the difficulties that a woman faces every single day in America .
It brings a tear to my eye ( metaphorically ) to know that some of you are very passionate about women 's rights , but I feel that your energies are misdirected .
Sure you will deal with me and eradicate me from this campus in style , but your problems will still be there .
Your inability to get to the root of the issues that plague our world will still be there .
While other guys give me fist pumps and brag about their conquests at this school , I must endure the brunt of your criticisms so that you may all be united under the banner of activism .
And it worked perfectly .
There are real instances of women here actually being alienated from the rest of the Wellesley community .
There are real cases of rape and belligerent boyfriends .
My hope was that you would all unite to chastise such an extremely contemptible figure so that these issues cannot be ignored .
Because honestly , what 's the difference between saying thoughts behind your backs , and posting them live ?
There is no intrinsic difference .
And yet , the perception differs , and so I wanted to explore that today .
My hope was that some of these alienated women on campus can venture out of their rooms and be embraced by a community that 's trying to flame me relentlessly .
If I had written something benign , only a few people would have acknowledged it , and that would have been that .
Nothing like controversy to stir up the day .
While I was writing the apparently insufficient apology last night , the police officer came into my room to make sure that everything was okay .
I chuckled and told him that everything was okay .
He wanted to offer me protection from the perhaps inevitable fallout from my polemic .
Later , he read my letter and told me that it was cool , and it was the best I could have done ...
Also , controversies like this happen all the time .
Given the knowledge that the ACLU has my back and that I 'm protected by the First Amendment , and the fact that friends who were journalists at other schools attempted similar stunts ( with surprising degrees of success that resulted from open dialogue ) , I figured that this could turn out to be pretty sweet .
And just so you know , nothing will happen to me .
So for those of you seeking administrative intervention , you are only wasting your time .
And for those of you seeking media attention , by all means .
But understand that it 'll also mean that I get my facetime , and you just can't spin a 2300 gang up on a lone campus figure in any positive way , especially given that I was trolling ( even then , you would n't need that requirement ) .
Also just so you know , assault or throwing water at someone 's face is not protected by the First Amendment ( or any ) .
Of course , the event was trivial enough as it was , but if things escalate ...
And do any of you honestly believe that I hold these misogynistic views ?
Please .
Get real here .
I hold a degree from the best trolling school of all time .
I was pissed that you guys used my identity though .
And to be honest , this whole debacle IS kind of hilarious .
Let 's be honest here .
It 's pretty damn hilarious .
Advertisement
Take a minute to let that sink in .
Pham was only calling a group of 2,300 women whores because he was hoping they would band together to stop rape .
The only thing I find hilarious about this whole fiasco is that Pham actually thinks someone will believe his " I was just trolling " bravado and congratulate him for his bravery .
Sex and the Ivy astutely compares Pham 's sudden change of tune to a horrible plot twist , borrowed from the school of M. Night Shyamalan .
A few hours later , he realizes that people actually read his Facebook status , and so he issues another " apology " for threatening to penetrate his haters with daggers ( you can read it here ; I 'm getting sick of quoting this guy ) .
This apology is somewhat better , although after all that he has already said , it 's impossible to take it seriously .
This is only reinforced by his Facebook update the following day :
Jeremy
Pham thanks his friends and appreciates the outpouring of support from all people all across the nation .
I have never been prouder to be a Dartmouth student .
Thanks ACLU .
Jeremy
Pham also wonders just how the orgy of cattiness will proceed .
Jeremy Pham also thanks Kerry and her friends for the death threats .
Advertisement
In case it was n't already clear , calling a group of women catty whores is not exactly the best way to get them to sleep with you , or even to build some sort of activist " community . "
It may also have gotten him expelled from the exchange program .
According to a tipster , Pham " is no longer at Wellesley , " and was recently escorted out of his room .
This has not been verified , but the Wellesley student reports that Pham could be facing possible suspension from Dartmouth for violating the honor code and " using obscene language that suggests sexual harassment . "
Dartmouth Student Jeremy Pham Will " Plant A Dagger In Your Ass , " Thinks Wellesley Women Are " A Bunch Of Whores " [ Sex And The Ivy ]
JPhamgate 2009 [ What Estrogen ]
Wellesley FML [ Original Post ]
The true extent of the financial pain that will be felt by households and public services over the next few years was laid bare yesterday by the Institute for Fiscal Studies .
Even those on half typical earnings will see their living standards suffer as a result of the Chancellor 's policies , the widely respected think - tank warns .
To protect the " ringfenced " areas of hospitals , schools and the police , there will have to be savage cuts to defence , housing , transport and higher education budgets .
Cuts of almost 7 per cent a year , 20 per cent over three years , mark the severest squeeze since the Second World War , tougher than anything in the austerity years of the 1970s or early 1980s .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Even in the NHS – where total hospital spending is protected – there will be real cuts in some hospital and GP budgets , a pay freeze for doctors and a slash - and - burn approach to management , the Health Secretary Andy Burnham admitted .
The IFS analysis of the Chancellor 's pre-Budget report also shows :
* a £ 76bn " black hole " in the public finances ;
* that fixing it will cost every family £ 2,400 a year ;
* only those on less than £ 14,000 will be better off as a result of the changes ;
* there will be savage cuts to those budgets that have not been ringfenced of 20 per cent by 2013 ;
* the wealthiest 10 per cent of society will see their spending power slashed by 10 per cent ;
* the increase in spending on public services seen since Labour came to power in 1997 will be reversed ;
* the national debt may " stabilise " at £ 1 trillion
Yet , austere as Alistair Darling 's announcements were , they still left many concerns that they were not ambitious enough .
British government debt , gilts , fell sharply yesterday as the markets digested the pre-Budget report .
Robert Chote , director of the IFS , commented that Mr Darling had " chosen to slacken the planned pace of fiscal tightening somewhat over the next few years , rather than to get the job done more quickly " .
The IFS says that the Chancellor has so far only accounted for how he will recover £ 47bn of the structural shortfall between government revenues and spending – a further £ 30bn has been left unspecified , presumably for fear of political embarrassment .
But even schools , hospitals and police – the " ringfenced " areas – will only see tiny increases in resources .
Most galling of all for the party that campaigned in 1997 with a promise that it was going to reverse years of Tory neglect of public services and save the NHS , the IFS says that the whole of the increase in spending on public services seen since New Labour came to power , and one of its proudest boasts , will have to be reversed if the public finances are to be returned to balance – on the Treasury 's own figures .
Areas such as defence , universities , housing and transport will face swingeing cuts because of a government pledge to ringfence or increase substantial swaths of spending on " frontline " services and others .
The police , hospitals , schools , overseas aid and certain infrastructure projects such as Cross Rail will benefit .
But that simply makes the pain elsewhere – in political " softer targets " such as defence – even more acute .
After three years some departments will see their real - terms budgets reduced by a fifth , with job and pay cuts inevitable .
That , in turn , could provoke a wave of industrial unrest not seen in decades , whoever wins the next general election .
If projected efficiency savings do not materialise – and thus far the record has been patchy – the cuts will be even harsher .
The Conservatives ' plans , says the IFS , have fewer ringfenced areas , but the shadow Chancellor , George Osborne , is still said to have a gap in his plans of between £ 10.4bn and £ 21.4bn .
Inside Politics newsletter
The latest news on Brexit , politics and beyond direct to your inbox Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive updates on politics every morning by email Update newsletter preferences
The IFS also challenges the Government 's claim that only those on middle or higher incomes will be worse off as a result of their policies .
On average every family in the country will see £ 2,400 worth of tax rises or public spending cuts to make good the shortfall – at least £ 500 in more tax and £ 1,000 in poorer services .
The Treasury states that the rises in national insurance will only affect those on more than £ 20,000 a year .
The IFS argues that the increase in employers ' national insurance payments will also affect the pay of workers , as firms seek to save on their payroll , depressing the earnings of those on as little as £ 14,000 a year – about half typical earnings .
However the IFS agrees that the wealthiest 10 per cent of society faces by far the most pain : the new higher rate of tax on those earning more than £ 150,000 a year , tightening - up pensions perks and higher national insurance will reduce their incomes by 5 per cent .
Additional research by the accountants PricewaterhouseCoopers suggested that , with higher mortgage bills next year , the rich face a dramatic cut in their spending power of 10 per cent .
In a final blow to the Governments attempts to regain fiscal respectability , the IFS describes the new Fiscal Responsibility Act as " not sensible " and puts the chances of the Treasury breaking its own new rules on its latest plans at 40 per cent .
Given the UK's ageing population the IFS says it doubts that the national debt could ever return to pre-crisis levels of below 40 per cent ; it says a " stabilisation " at 60 per cent of GDP – a permanent national debt of around £ 1 trillion – seems more likely .
Photographer Tom Jenkins shows how to get the best cycling shots for this month 's Camera club assignment
[ digg- reddit - me ] Last week , Politico ’s John F. Harris wrote a story detailing 7 different stories “ Obama does n’t want told . ”
Its a misleading headline – as it is about anti-Obama memes that Republicans are trying to get the media to cover .
Andrew Sullivan takes the set of Republican talking points offered as a news story , observing :
What strikes me about the attacks is how scattershot they are .
The right wants to argue both that Obama is a mean - ass Chicago pol and a push - over …
The inconsistencies are legion , because , I suspect , Obama ’s enemies have yet to get a single , compelling narrative that rings true .
They did n’t manage it in the campaign and they have not managed it since .
He ’s too big and interesting a figure to be caricatured that way .
[ my emphasis ]
I think both Harris and Sullivan have missed something though – a single , compelling narrative that has been developing about Obama , and one that rings true to a significant subset of Americans .
I call it the Unified Theory of Obama .
It involves several , though not all , of these narratives listed by Harris .
Charles Krauthammer wrote the best single synthesis of this theory in a cover piece for The Weekly Standard last month entitled “ Decline is a Choice . ”
The piece was a brilliant example of “ the Big Lie ” which is plausible only after a leap of faith , but which because of its sheer audacity affects the entire political conversation .
The core “ insight ” Krauthammer offered was that Obama ’s liberalism is a deliberate attempt to undermine America ’s power in the world both domestically and abroad .
Postulating that the decline of American power is a choice , he suggests that Obama is deliberately choosing to make America decline in power .
You can see this narrative coming together if you listen to enough talk radio .
See this interview with Rush Limbaugh ; this article by Charles Krauthammer ; this speech , upon which the article was based ; this interview with Krathammer ; and this profile of Krauthammer in the National Review which oddly is behind a firewall unlike most of National Review ‘s content . )
You can see the narrative animating the statements of Dick Cheney , Rush Limbaugh , of Charles Krauthammer , of Sean Hannity , and of Sarah Palin and Glenn Beck ( though these last two also have potential to go off script . )
The narrative goes like this :
This narrative is audacious .
And it ’s compelling .
And it ties so many anti-Obama memes together .
It goes well with the ominous music constantly playing on Sean Hannity ’s television show .
It goes well with the transformation of right wing politics and media into a form of entertainment in which news is presented as if it is the plot of a thriller . *
This narrative explains why Obama is popular around the world .
( “ Europeans like to see the hegemon diminished , and Obama is the perfect man to do that . ” )
It provides an explanation ( about the only plausible one ) for why Republicans should be so adamant in their opposition to everything Obama proposes .
It provides a storyline that can rally the base behind any alternative candidate .
It taps into the inchoate sense that “ something ’s wrong . ”
It provides a scapegoat for the end of America ’s unipolar moment .
Those who feel they are “ losing the America they knew ” are also given a scapegoat .
( “ America was once their country .
They sense they are losing it .
And they are right . ” )
It plays off of the foundation of anti-Obama attacks from the 2008 campaign – that he was somehow foreign , un-American , radical .
The various factual inaccuracies in this narrative are unimportant – because it is fundamentally so at odds with reality that it requires a leap of faith to believe in the first place .
All of these pieces are directed only to the faithful .
They are n’t meant for the general public .
They are meant to keep the faithful in line .
And despite the fact that Krauthammer has articulated this Unified Theory of Obama to the faithful , his columns have not pushed this rather extreme take on the President .
Instead , Krauthammer chips away at Obama with smaller pieces attacking this and that , while for the sake of each column conceding that Obama might not be an anti-American radical intent on destroying the nation , as he tries to get the public to see this bigger picture one piece at a time .
This , I believe , is the narrative that the next Republican nominee will carry into the 2012 election in some form .
I believe it will founder specifically because most Americans will balk at someone characterizing the president as anti-American .
But Krauthammer and his allies have several years to try to figure out how to sell this message – how to convince a majority of Americans to accept it , or barring that how to rally the base using it while keeping it away from the rest of us .
And The Weekly Standard has already determined the logical proponent of this Unified Theory of Obama , the logical response to Obama ’s “ new liberalism – someone to carry Republicans to victory in 2012 by leading a “ new populist ” movement :
Someone who will give voice to the millions who do n’t want government aggrandizing the powerful ; who do n’t want government risking dangerous fiscal imbalances ; who do want public policies that create the conditions for a general prosperity .
Someone , in other words , who can play the same role in contemporary politics that Jackson , Bryan , and Reagan did in the past .
She lives in Alaska .
Edit :
Two other “ unified theories of Obama ” that are more sympathetic can be found in Jonathan Chait ’s description of Obama using civility and respect as political weapons and in Andrew Sullivan ’s description of Obama as a Road Runner constantly inducing his opponents to overstep a la Wile E. Coyote .
[ Image not subject to copyright . ]
* Not my own idea .
It ’s from a piece in The New Republic from this November which I can’t find online .
Update : The piece by Jason Zengerle is now online .
Like Loading ...
Expanding workload ( Image : Paul Eekhoff / Photographer 's Choice RF / Getty )
You ’re so predictable .
Offended ?
We ’re used to the idea that nature is governed by laws that spell out how things work .
But the idea that human nature is governed by such laws raises hackles .
Perhaps because of this , they have often been proposed with tongue in cheek – which makes it all the more disconcerting when they turn out to be backed up by evidence .
One such law is the Peter principle , which states that in any organisation “ people reach the level of their own incompetence ” .
As we report this week , physics - based simulations suggest that this is more than just a cynical snipe at our bosses ’ competence .
And that means we might have to rethink our ideas about who to promote to what jobs .
Advertisement
So what other laws of human nature might we have to reluctantly accept ?
Here are five that may – or may not – govern our lives .
Parkinson ’s law
Why is there always so much work to do ?
Anyone searching for an explanation might find one in Parkinson ’s law .
Civil servant , historian and theorist Cyril Northcote Parkinson suggested in a 1955 article that work expands to fill the time available for its completion – backed up with statistical evidence drawn from his historical research .
More recent mathematical analyses have lent support to the idea .
Parkinson also came up with the “ law of triviality “ , which states that the amount of time an organisation spends discussing an issue is inversely proportional to its importance .
He argued that nobody dares to expound on important issues in case they ’re wrong – but everyone is happy to opine at length about the trivial .
This in turn may be a result of Sayre ’s law , which states that in any dispute , the intensity of feeling is inversely proportional to the value of the stakes at issue .
Parkinson also proposed a coefficient of inefficiency , which attempts to define the maximum size a committee can reach before it becomes unable to make decisions .
His suggestion that it lay “ somewhere 19.9 and 22.4 ” has stood the test of time : more recent research suggests that committees cannot include many more than 20 members before becoming utterly hapless .
Student syndrome
“ If it were n’t for the last minute , I would n’t get anything done . ”
So said an anonymous wit , and none but the most ferociously well - organised can disagree .
In fact , procrastination is a major problem for some people , especially those who are easily distracted or are uncertain of their ability to complete a task .
One of the most well - known examples of vigorous procrastination is student syndrome .
As anyone who has ever been ( or known ) a student will know , it is standard practice to apply yourself to a task only at the last possible moment before the deadline .
Student syndrome is so common that some experts in project management recommend not assigning long periods of time to particular tasks , because the people who are supposed to do them will simply wait until just before the deadline to start work , and the project will overrun anyway ( International Journal of Project Management , vol 18 , p 173 ) .
Some of the blame for student syndrome may be laid at the feet of the planning fallacy : the tendency for people to underestimate how long it will take to do something .
If you often get caught out by how long things take , we recommend considering Hofstadter ’s law , coined by the cognitive scientist Douglas Hofstadter :
“ It always takes longer than you expect , even when you take into account Hofstadter ’s law . ”
Pareto principle
The rich have a lot more money than you .
That might sound like a statement of the obvious , but you may be surprised by just how much richer than you they are .
In fact , in most countries 80 per cent of the wealth is owned by just 20 per cent of the population .
This was first spotted by the economist Vilfredo Pareto in the early 20th century , and it seems to be a universal rule in societies – although the precise nature of the distribution has been revised over the years .
But the Pareto principle is not just about money .
For most systems , 80 per cent of events are triggered by just 20 per cent of the causes .
For instance , 20 per cent of the users of a popular science website are responsible for 80 per cent of the page clicks .
Businesses often use the Pareto principle as a rule of thumb , for instance deciding to do the most important 20 per cent of a job in order to get 80 per cent of the reward .
Salem hypothesis
First proposed by Bruce Salem on the discussion site Usenet , the Salem hypothesis claims that “ an education in the engineering disciplines forms a predisposition to [ creationist ] viewpoints ” .
This was rephrased somewhat by P. Z. Myers as “ creationists with advanced degrees are often engineers ” .
Is there any evidence to back this up , or is it just a gratuitous slander against engineers ?
A 1982 article in the Proceedings of the Iowa Academy of Science suggested that many leading creationists trained as engineers , notably Henry Morris , one of the authors of the key creationist book The Genesis Flood .
But the article did not present any figures .
More recently , Diego Gambetta and Steffen Hertog have noted a preponderance of engineers among Islamic extremist groups .
They suggested that engineers may be at greater risk of being recruited by such groups than other graduates .
Obviously creationism is not the same thing as violent activism , but Gambetta and Hertog ’s analysis may be useful nevertheless because they discuss the engineering mindset in some detail .
They show , for instance , that engineers are more likely to be religious than other graduates ( PDF ) .
None of this is anywhere near enough to prove the Salem hypothesis , but it does provide some intriguing circumstantial evidence .
Maes - Garreau law
Everyone loves predicting the future , and some make a career out of it .
These futurists often present detailed , authoritative claims about what is going to happen , though their success rate is n’t always exemplary .
A common theme in futurist predictions is that revolutionary technology of one sort or another is just around the corner , and that this technology will allow people to live forever .
This can mean physical immortality or some more abstracted technique like downloading one ’s personality into a computer .
The “ singularity ” , which Ray Kurzweil says will arrive “ by 2045 or thereabouts ” , is a prime example .
And thus we come to the Maes - Garreau law , which states that any such prediction about a favourable future technology will fall just within the expected lifespan of the person making it .
Pattie Maes , a researcher at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , observed in the late 1980s that many of her male colleagues were interested in these ideas , and tabulated when they expected the miracle technology to arrive .
Sure enough , she found that the dates they predicted for the singularity were always on or around their 70th birthdays .
She mentioned her findings in a talk , but did not write them up .
Subsequently , the journalist Joel Garreau made similar observations in his book Radical Evolution , which looked at the implications of such “ transhumanist ” ideas .
The Maes - Garreau law was finally coined , and given its name , by Wired editor Kevin Kelly .
Kelly informally repeated Maes ’s analysis , confirming her findings .
He then defined the “ Maes - Garreau point ” as the latest possible date a prediction can come true and still remain in the lifetime of the person making it .
The enterprise of a realistic metaphysics is rendered extremely difficult by the ease with which a philosopher can mistake logic for metaphysics and the facility with which he can structure reality by the imposition of logical forms .
It makes sense to affirm of one thing or another that it exists .
It also makes sense to affirm , if only as a working hypothesis , that the things that exist form some kind of connected whole — a community of being or of beings .
Insofar as such affirmations express the state - of - affairs in the extra-cognitional world , they provide a basis from which metaphysical enquiry can begin .
Too often , however , these and similar statements serve only as a starting - point for the logical and imaginational manipulation of “ being ” and “ community of beings ” quite out of touch with the extra-cognitional world .
This paper examines what I consider to be just such substitutions of “ logic ” for metaphysics .
It deals first with the formulation of the problem of the “ one and the many , ” second with efforts to say something meaningful about being in the language of existence and essence .
Finally , it attempts to state conclusions about the approach to things which is required in a realistic metaphysics .
I wish to make it clear that I am using the world “ logical ” in the sense of cognitional or ideal .
I intend to hold in abeyance the admitted fact that the cognitional is itself real and to base myself on the judgment that the extra-cognitional order seems , in many ways to be different from the cognitional .
Perhaps the most obvious instances of the intrusion of logic into metaphysics are certain formulations of the problem of “ the one and the many . ”
For example , if the question is raised in some such form as “ Being ought to be one , how then is it many , ” the “ ought ” here is a logical demand .
Being “ ought to be one ” because the intellect is able , or apparently able , to form one concept which , in some fashion , covers all things .
At any rate , one word , “ being , ” can be applied to all things .
Without investigating whether this application is warranted or unwarranted , or delineating the nature of the pseudo - concept of being , I ask whether this situation indicates a demand for unity among things .
It would seem that in the face of the given manyness of things it is highly unlikely that they “ ought ” to be one .
It also appears redundant to enquire how they can be many .
In the face of a matter of fact the enquiry “ How can this be ? ” seems beside the point .
It is .
The philosopher for whom being “ ought to ” be one , but is unfortunately many , finds himself involved in an exercise of logic and imagination which has no properly metaphysical content .
Being “ ought ” to be one , yet it is many , therefore there “ must be ” a second principle , other than being , which differentiates one being from another .
This second principle represents itself imaginationally as the disruptor of a primal unity .
The being which was one and , considered in itself , should have remained one , is pictured as being broken up , under the influenced of the second principle , into many beings .
It makes no difference whether the influence of the second principle be called active , or , as is more commonly the case , passive .
Independent of the wishes of the philosopher , the second principle necessarily represents itself to him as a force which his able to disrupt being , divert it from its rightful status , modify it to become this or that “ limited ” being .
To picture reality in terms of being and a differentiator of being involves a pseudo - history of being .
Being is pictured as originally one , but disrupted and altered in a temporal sequence by the work of the differentiator .
It may be objected that I am speaking here only of the necessary imaginational representation of the notion of differentiator : someone might hold that the oneness of being “ as being ” is not prior in time , but prior in nature , metaphysically primary .
But this attempt to rise above a history of being would compel one to say that being “ as being ” is both present and not present in “ differentiated ” being .
Present , because if the priority of being as being is an a -temporal priority , the differentiated being must now be or have being - as - being .
Yet not present , since the being of the differentiated being is a differentiated or modified now : it is not now being - as - being .
A way out of the above contradiction would be to view each differentiated being as a juxtaposition of being - as - being and the differentiator .
In this case , however , the differentiated being would have no unity , but would be a syncretion of two unreconciled elements .
The attempt to “ explain ” the many would have resulted simply in the internal doubling of each of the many things — a further manyness .
But when the notion of a differentiator of being is forced back to a frankly temporal meaning , the situation is most unsatisfactory .
It is impossible to point to a time when a “ differentiated ” being , this cow for example , “ was ” being - as - being .
And it is of no value at this point to invoke the derivation ( either temporal or a - temporal ) of the differentiated beings from a First Cause taken to be being - as - being .
It may be true that a cause is in some fashion in its effect .
But if the cause is present in its full reality in the effect there seems to be no difference between them .
Thus the derivation of a differentiated being from a cause which is being - as - being cannot indicate the presence of being - as - being as a constituent of the differentiated being .
If one claims that being - as - being is present in the differentiated being due to the influence of the First Cause he must immediately deny it in order to maintain the difference between the cause and the effect .
The whole effort therefore to “ explain ” the many beings as differentiations of a being which “ ought to ” be one is seen to result in saying with or without disguises that being - as - being is both present and not present in the differentiated being .
Further since the “ second principle , ” the disruptor or differentiator of being must be other than being , it necessarily must be represented as non-being .
This involves according non-being some sort of reality , some status alongside that of being .
But non -being is not .
What non-being actually represents is the ability of the intellect to make true negative judgments .
A phenomenology and metaphysic of the cognitional order could perhaps show that negative judgments do not point to real non-being , even non-being in the human mind .
At any rate , there is no non-being in the world ; therefore non-being cannot function as a real principle of differentiation among things .
My suggestion is that the search for a second principle , begun from the high ground of being , can never succeed .
Beings are plainly different from one another .
This does not mean that they are differentiated in the extra-cognitional order .
But are there not two distinct questions that can be asked about any thing : “ Is it ? ” and if it is , “ What is it ? ”
Do not all thing - that - are agree in that they are , and differ in their “ What ’s ” ?
Do not all things - that - are , agree in “ existence , ” and differ in “ essence ” ?
Is not essence the differentiator of existence ?
If it is to be maintained seriously that there is no non-being , the question “ is it , ” allowing for either a “ yes ” answer or a “ no ” answer , is inadmissible .
There is no alternative to being .
Everything is .
Thus there is no ultimate intelligibility in the contention that all things that are agree in this , that they are all opposed to , or even equally opposed to , non-being — they would be at one , as it were , in the non -non - being feature .
Palpable instances of coming - to - be and ceasing - to - be may encourage the acceptance of non-being as a real alternative .
But is it anything more than an imaginative luxury to imagine a thing as non-existent , then imagine it as existent , and thus to suppose that in the real world the giving of existence can be the giving of existence to the non-existent , which is not .
Or to suppose that a thing in the real world with the quality of non-existence loses this “ quality ” and gains existence — or , at the other end , loses existence to gain non-existence ?
Can there really be a thing which is neutral in this way to existence or non-existence ?
Is it not the case that everything exists ?
If non-existence is not taken as a real alternative , if it be admitted that everything exists , it might still be possible to claim that all things are the same in that they exist , but differ in their what ’s .
To say this , however , is to say no more than that there is a general notion of being and that there are more particular notions of individual beings or kinds of beings .
The distinction between “ being ” and , for example , “ dog , ” is then a distinction between the more general and the less general .
This is a logical or cognitional distinction , which does not necessarily reflect anything in the nature of things .
Nor does it necessarily point to any real composition within things .
It is analogous to the distinction made between “ animal ” and “ dog ” when it is said that Rover is a dog and Rover is an animal , which distinction does not point to two distinct principles within Rover — dog and animal .
Rover is a dog who is an animal , an animal who is a dog .
His being a dog and his being an animal are the same in him , even though there are other animals .
Similarly , Rover is both a being and a dog — there are other beings , but this does not change the fact that for him , to be a dog is to be a being , to be a being is to be a dog .
Suppose it is said that a thing must be before it can be a dog or a tree or whatever .
This formula shows only that there can be a concept of pseudo - concept of being ( or thing or substance for that matter ) which is more universal than that of dog or tree .
It might be said that essence limits existence .
In most applications this formula merely disguises the limitation or restriction or a more universal to a less universal , the contraction of a genus to a species by the addition of a specific difference .
Here the limitation of being by essence is a logical and not a metaphysical limitation .
It may be objected that being is not a genus , as Aristotle has told us .
But the citation of this Aristotelian bon mot does not insulate one from criticism if it goes hand - in - hand with a doctrine which treats being as though it were a genus .
As soon as it is said that being is diversified by essence or by anything else , being is being treated as a genus .
In the extra-cognitional world , there are no “ principles of diversification . ”
The extra-cognitional world is not diversified , but simply diverse .
The expression “ essence limits existence ” is only a variant of “ being is differentiated ” : as used in this and in similar phrases , “ limit ” is logical rather than real .
One may say that a dog is limited in not being a man , that he is limited in not being able to do the things which a man can do and conversely that the man is limited because he cannot do the things which a dog can do .
And both the man and the dog are called limited in that they are not “ all being . ”
These statements reflect the truth of the negative judgment “ a man is not a dog ” and “ a man is not all - being ” or , by the questionable process of obversion , “ a man is a non -dog , a man is non -all - being . ”
The danger in these formulas is that they may be taken to mean that the man has in him real non-doghood in a sense similar to that in which he has real intelligence .
There is however no real non-doghood in the man or real non-manhood in the dog .
There is no non-being in the extra-cognitional world .
Is limitation real ?
Granted that a dog cannot read or write , is this a real restriction upon him ?
Is he trying to read or write , but being prevented from doing so by something real ?
If the latter were the case , the restriction the limitation might be real .
But it is no real restriction upon the dog that the negative judgment “ This animal cannot write ” can be applied to the dog .
The same criticisms apply to the limitation of the man or the dog in contrast to “ all being ” or to God .
Unless it could be shown that the man or the dog has an urge to be or to become “ all being ” or God , the fact that he is not these does not constitute a real restriction upon him .
It indicates only that a certain true negative judgment can be formed about him , not that there is real non-being in him .
But does the man , the dog or the tree not have existence and is not existence of itself unlimited ?
Is not existence which is of itself unlimited contracted in him by essence to the existence of a dog , a man , or a tree ?
To say that existence is , of itself , unlimited , has , after what we have just said , an unpleasant ring .
Is something trying to limit existence ?
Is non-existence trying to get a foothold in reality , and is it being thrust back into the outer darkness ?
Is there a counterforce which cannot inure existence “ of itself ” ?
If , however we accept the phrase for a moment , we can conjure up two prima facie meanings : ( 1 ) That there is a subsistent existence , an Ipsum Esse Subsistens ( God ) which is unlimited ; ( 2 ) That the universal notion of existence or being can be entertained by someone ’s mind without being contracted to its subordinate concepts .
Now “ unlimited ” existence , in either of these two meanings , is not to be found in a tree .
There is no existence in a tree other than the existence of a tree .
If existence be taken as act of existing , the tree does not exercise any act of existing other than that of a tree .
It does not exercise existence which is unlimited per se , but is cut down to size , to a mere tree .
To say that existence is of itself not diverse and is diversified into that of a tree or a horse is an exercise in imagination whereby a primitively undiversified act is subsequently diversified .
The tree does not now have , and never did have , any existence other than its existence as a tree .
To regard a tree or a horse as diverse modifications of an act of existing which is of itself not diverse , requires either that the tree or horse be taken as modifications of the divine existence — a type of pantheism , or that they be taken as derivatives from someone ’s universal notion of existence — logic creating the extra-logical world .
In either case , the primal unity — here the unity of “ unlimited ” existence — has been half - destroyed ; this primal unity both appears and does not appear in the “ differentiated ” product , and only the vocabulary , the language of existence and essence , is new .
From “ existence of itself unlimited , ” which fits ill with essence , we may pass to “ essence considered absolutely , ” which has no existence .
It is argued that an essence such as doghood can have two modes of existence , one in the concrete physical dog , the other in the mind of the man who knows the dog .
Therefore , it is urged that doghood absolutely considered abstracts both from existence in the dog and existence in the intellect .
Since these are taken to be two possible modes of existence , it is urged that doghood in itself , doghood absolutely considered , abstracts from all existence .
As abstracting from all being it is in itself nothing .
This principle , which is in itself nothing , is then taken as a metaphysical constituent of the extra-cognitional world ( and as an explanatory principle in a theory of predication : this nothing is said to be what is predicated for example of Rover in the judgment “ Rover is a dog ” ) .
There are many objections to this position .
It is said that essence abstracts from all existence .
But there is no abstracting without an abstractor .
Properly speaking , it is not that essence abstracts from all existence but rather that some intellects are apparently able to consider essence in abstraction from all existence ( this consideration is in fact more imaginational than intellectual ) .
Essence in its absolute consideration is not a neutral element which enters into the dog in the dog , and the dog in the human intellect , but is rather firmly and solely located in the human imagination .
Second , it should be clear that the existence of dog in the dog and the “ existence ” of the dog in the human mind are not on a par .
To say that when man understands dog , dog exists in his intellect , is an expression which is useful in affirming the realism of human knowledge .
If it is used , one ought not lose sight of the fact that the “ existence ” of the dog in the human mind is derivative from and inferior to the existence of dog in the dog .
Third , there is a questionable logical procedure involved in saying that since dog can have two modes of existence , dog of itself has therefore no existence .
This would be analogous to saying that since a dog may weigh ten pounds or twenty pounds of fifty pounds , therefore of itself it has no weight .
The consideration that some dogs weigh ten pounds , some twenty pounds , etc. , issues rather in the judgment that of itself or in itself a dog has weight .
Similarly , to say that dog can exist either in the dog or in the intellect would mean that dog in itself , or of itself , has existence .
These considerations invite an inquiry into the value of the phrase “ of itself ” for metaphysical purposes .
The phrase would not be used in such connections as those discussed above were it not for the attempt to give a metaphysical employment to the absolute consideration of essence .
To many minds the phrase “ the dog of itself ” probably conjures up the neutral dog abstracting from all existence .
It is clear that this dog , if he is a dog , has no role to play in metaphysics ( or anywhere else ) .
It would be possible to take the phrase “ dog of itself ” as meaning the dog in virtue of being a dog and not in virtue of some concomitant attribute .
This would be a legitimate use of the phrase in metaphysics .
Otherwise , the phrase “ dog of itself ” like similar expressions , “ dog per se ” etc. , is redundant .
For “ dog of itself ” it is better to substitute “ dog . ”
When this is done , there should be no particular scandal in saying the dog exists and that the dog has existence .
But there is an argument based on real causation , and therefore apparently non-cognitional in origin , which seems to say that a thing “ in itself ” or “ of itself ” does not exist , or does not have existence .
A horse is a product of generation , he is cause — therefore he does not exist “ of himself . ”
( According to a similar line of reasoning , a horse is caused by God , and so does not exist “ of himself . ” )
So there is a horse - of - itself , which has no being whatever until or unless it is summoned into being by its generators or causes .
The position , and the meaning , of “ of itself ” has been shifted .
The expression “ the horse does not exist of itself , ” is not equivalent to “ the horse - of - itself does not exist . ”
In the latter expression the “ of itself ” has been attached , dubiously , to horse .
The former expression means only that all horses are generated .
The latter posits a non-existent entity .
The mistake seems to arise from considering , in some fashion ( the force of metaphysical imagination is not meagre ) , a self - caused or uncaused horse .
It is not hard to see that there are no such .
Then this strange beast , the self - caused or uncaused horse which does not exist , becomes the “ essence ” of the horses which do exist .
The fairly simply observation that there are no ungenerated horses ( a true negative judgment ) gets twisted into the assertion of real non-being , the ungenerated horse who somehow explains or constitutes horses — all of which are generated !
Grammatico - logical analysis quickly “ discovers ” in the caused thing two elements , two constituents — the thing “ itself ” and its being - caused .
The thing “ itself ” is uncaused , or is perhaps neither caused nor uncaused , indifferent to cause .
The thing “ itself ” can then be represented as standing over against its cause .
It may first appear as a “ floating possible ” antecedent to the action of the cause .
When this imaginational picture is rejected , it appears as an element , concurrent in the caused thing with the effect of the cause , which escapes the causality of the cause .
But it may be seen that this characterization of the thing “ itself ” must likewise be false .
Causes , to the extent that they are causes , are responsible both for the derivation of the caused from them , and the difference of the caused from them .
There can be no causality unless the caused is different from the cause — and if the difference is not the result of the cause , but self - sufficient or the result of other forces , to this extent the cause is not a cause .
( Therefore , if there is a radical derivation of all caused things from a First Cause , that First Cause must be responsible both for their dependence of things upon Him , and their difference from Him . )
If the dialectic is actually carried this far , the element in the caused which escapes the effectivity of the cause may be seen to be — nothing .
But sad to say , too often a positive nothing .
The nothingness of the caused vis -à - vis the cause , the nothingness , perhaps , of the creature over against the Creator .
The thing “ itself ” is nothing — but is still present in the thing which is .
The conclusion , that a positive nothing is a constituent of existing things , should have shown that the original analysis , dividing the caused thing into the thing “ itself ” and its being - caused , was radically defective .
“ Logical ” as it undoubtedly was , it told us nothing about reality .
If we look at the caused thing , we can see why a distinction between it “ itself ” and its being - caused had to be unfruitful .
To the extent that a thing is caused , it is through and through caused .
In a caused thing , to the extent to which it is caused , there is no “ thing itself ” over against its being caused .
Facile analysis was a failure .
“ Horse in itself ” either means nothing , or else is equivalent to horse — existent horse , caused horse — since all horses are existent and all horses are caused .
There is no good reason to shy away from the formula “ It is of the nature of horses to exist . ”
There is the old Kant - inspired argument that the imaginary horse also has horse nature , that it is every bit as horsy as the real horse — but just try to pull a wagon with an imaginary horse .
At this stage of the argument it is clear that to say that it is of the nature of a horse to exist does not have the fantastic implications that a horse is uncaused , or that a horse causes himself , or that there is a non-existent , but horsy , uncaused horse .
No , it is of the nature of a horse to exist as a caused thing , as a generated thing .
Many metaphysical efforts have been seen to be misplaced , and sometimes , erroneous , exercises in logic .
Should we infer from all this that any “ deep - level ” enquiry into being and beings either results from , or issues in , a confusion of the cognitional and the extra-cognitional orders ?
No .
Rather , that there is no shortcut which brings us to an intellectual possession of being prior to a careful study of things in their extra-cognitional reality .
To profess to consider being , while considering things as slightly ( and slightingly ) as possible is to invite non-being , the logical counterpoise of being , to function as a “ real ” principle , to play endless games of “ metaphysical hide - and - seek ” with being .
Existentially neutral essences , essence absolutely considered , the thing “ of itself , ” the disruptor , the differentiator — all these are so many non-beings which this sort of “ logic ” sets up to make the metaphysical enterprise easy and (! ) quick .
There is no reason for metaphysicians to give up their task , but they must rid their science of logical and imaginational intrusions .
This program has been seen to mean , principally , ridding metaphysics of non-being .
While it is possible to formulate true negative judgments , and while it is possible to imagine or pretend to imagine non-being as darkness , empty space , etc. , the metaphysician can never compromise the principle that there is no non-being .
If he is obsessed with some supposed necessity to explain the world quickly , explain manyness , explain “ contingency , ” etc. , he can not get beyond a world of opinion in which is not takes its place as the partner of is .
Experience — the experience of metaphysics being subverted by logic — has shown that the metaphysician ’s procedure must be more empirical , closer to things , and far more painstaking .
Let us examine these suggestions as they might be worked out in one prime case , that of causation .
It may be true that the interconnectedness of things is through causation , and that causing is basically a giving of being , a giving of existence .
Such considerations would have to be elaborated , however , in respect to concrete instances of causing , such as the generation of plants and animals .
Close cooperation would have to be maintained with Biology .
Further , generation would have to be taken , not as a causal “ example ” of causation ( as though we know all about causation and had merely to “ illustrate ” our knowledge ) , but as an instance in which we may be able to see causation .
There is the obvious danger also that in approaching reality with a pre-conceived formula to test , we may find just what we want — either that the formula fits or that it does not .
Still there is a great gain if we do not take causation in a slap - bang fashion as “ of course ” the giving of being to non-being , to the non-existent , or to the existentially indifferent .
If it is fruitful to speak of a caused thing as a receptor of existence , we must realize fully that there can be no receptors of existence which are not receiving existence , no receptors of existence which do not exist , no receptors of existence which are not constituted by the existence which they receive .
It is possible , though , that such notions as “ giving of existence ” and “ receptor of existence ” may be too bold , or too inexact .
Perhaps these formulas are inseparable from the imaginational framework in which non-being “ acquires ” being .
If so , they would have to be surmounted , in the continuing effort to understand the causing of one thing by another .
Probably metaphysics has betrayed itself so often to logic through a passion for explanation .
Explanation is itself logical rather than extra-cognitional .
A cause produces its effect .
If I say that the cause explains the effect , or the effect the cause , the way is open to supposing that the world must explain itself to me — that the world must satisfy my logical and imaginational requirements .
In sciences which are more - or - less directed to practical results , to predictions which may be useful in controlling or modifying things , the intrusion of logical and imaginational elements perhaps does no great harm .
The furnishing of quick pragmatic explanations ( that such are proposed as “ tentative ” should not at all blind us to their true nature ) is to be expected ; a confusion of the logical with the extra-cognitional may be not worth avoiding .
The metaphysical enterprise requires more care , and offers less immediate rewards .
It is not easy to know things as they are .
University of Windsor ,
Windsor , Ontario , Canada
Note : Appended to the article was the following paragraph , which begins with a superscripted numeral “ 1 ” that oddly has no counterpart within the article 's published version .
I asked Lawrence Dewan , O.P. , Deck ’s literary executor , who submitted the article to The New Scholasticism , about this .
He said the appended text is an “ addendum ” that should not have been numbered as if it were a reference note .
When I asked him about its beginning with “ On pages 6 - 16 , ” which makes no sense given the printed article ’s pagination , Father Dewan replied that the editor unfortunately ignored the published version 's page numbering .
I thank him for these clarifications .
This online version is on one web page , so I have deleted the confusing phrase .
Anthony Flood
July 11 , 2006
I have taken various attempts to describe , or to demonstrate , the distinction between essence and existence as instances of the substitution of logic and imagination for metaphysics .
The arguments and notions outlined are to be found , in various formulations and various combinations , in many neo-Thomistic authors .
It is to be noted that all neo -Thomists see this distinction as central to philosophy , and as “ real ” rather than , or in addition to , cognitional or logical .
My point is that the notions and arguments often employed by such writers , who are making a great effort to delineate a realistic metaphysics , are susceptible to the charge of logicism .
For the arguments and positions themselves , cf. e.g. , Jacques Maritain , Existence and the Existent ( New York , 1948 ) , p. 36 ; Etienne Gilson , The Christian Philosophy of St. Thomas Aquinas ( New York , c.1956 ) , pp. 35 - 38 ; Gilson , Elements of Christian Philosophy ( Garden City , 1959 ) , pp. 102 , 191 , 194 ; Gerard Smith The Philosophy of Being ( New York , 1961 ) , pp. 69 - 79 ; George Klubertanz and Maurice Holloway , Being and God ( New York , 1963 ) , pp. 111-114 .
For the notion of the “ limitation ” or “ restriction ” of existence by essence , common to almost all neo -Thomists , cf. especially J. D. Robert , “ Le Principe : ‘ Actus non limitatur nisi per potentiam realiter distinctam , ’ ” Revue Philosophique de Louain , XLVII ( 1949 ) , pp. 44 - 70 ; W. Norris Clarke , The Limitation of Act by Potency : Aristotelianism or Neoplatonism ? , ” The New Scholasticism , XXVI ( 1952 ) , pp. 167-194 ; Arthur Little , The Platonic Heritage of Thomism ( Dublin , 1949 ) , pp. 208-220 .
For “ Essence absolutely considered ” cf. especially Joseph Owens , An Elementary Christian Metaphysics ( Milwaukee , 1963 ) , pp. 131-142 ; Owens , “ Common Nature : A Point of Comparison between Thomistic and Scotistic Metaphysics , ” Medieval Studies , XIX ( 1957 ) , pp. 1 - 14 .
Posted July 11 , 2006
So far , Apple 's first fiscal quarter of 2010 is showing signs of becoming another record quarter with big year - over - year increases in Mac sales for October and November .
The latest US sales data from market research firm NPD shows that Mac sales are up 21 percent for the first two months of the quarter , but that 's not the end of the story .
Breaking out the sales data for notebooks and desktops shows a reversal of recent trends where growth came from sales of MacBooks and MacBook Pros .
Sales of Apple 's portable machines were only up five percent for October and November .
However , sales of desktop Macs are up a whopping 74 percent .
While revised Nehalem - based Mac Pros are likely moving just fine , chances are that big bump is likely related to the apparently huge demand for Apple 's 27 " iMac .
" While it remains early , it appears the new iMacs are driving Mac sales in the December quarter , " said Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster in a research note , " and we are incrementally more confident in slight unit upside in the December quarter . "
An uptick in units would indeed be impressive , giving that the 3.05 million Macs that Apple sold last quarter was a record number for the computer maker .
Given the average selling price of Apple 's computers and the healthy 30 percent average gross margins the company earns from each sale , Apple seems likely to top the record quarterly revenue ( $ 10.2 billion ) that the company pulled down in the fiscal first quarter of 2009 .
It would also continue Apple 's tradition of posting record revenues in the holiday quarter .
Some shops and activities and bars and restaurants do stay open on the holiday – you just need to know which ones .
Here are some places to drink , shop , and enjoy yourself Christmas Day 2009 * out of the clutches of your overbearing family !
. . .
[ Of course this list is far from comprehensive – if you know of additional restaurants , bars , etc. that are open on Christmas Day please leave a comment and refer to the comments for more ! ]
SHOPS
Powell ’s Books ( 1005 W Burnside ) .
The downtown Powell ’s is open 10 am to 6 pm on Christmas Day ( 9 am to 7 pm Christmas Eve ) .
ACTIVITIES
This does n’t happen every year , but the Trailblazers are playing on Xmas day .
They take on the Denver Nuggets at 7:30 on December 25th at the Rose Garden .
There are plenty of tickets available too .
Bowling .
Grand Central Bowl ( SE 8th and Morrison ) , and many other bowling alleys , remain open Xmas day .
Movies .
Catch a movie – many movie theaters are open on the Holiday .
Peacock Lane .
Check out the holiday lights on Peacock Lane in SE Portland from 6 pm to 11 pm on Christmas Day ( for a preview of this year ’s lights , visit Mile73 ! ) .
Ghost Christmas Ride .
Ride your bike on nearly empty streets with your fellow bicycle merrymakers .
Ride starts at 9:30 am at the SE Lucky Lab ( 915 SE Hawthorne ) .
BARS and RESTAURANTS
Rialto ( 529 SW 4th ) .
This downtown institution is open 365 days a year .
Play some pinball or pool , while enjoying your beer .
Watch basketball on the ginormous TVs .
Basement Pub ( 1028 SE 12th ) .
Formerly the smokiest bar in town® , the Basement is open 3 pm to 2am .
Cheerful Tortoise ( 1939 SW 6th ) .
Opens at 5 pm on Christmas Day [ thanks commenter Kirsten ! ]
Prost ! ( 4237 N. Mississippi ) , the newish German pub on North Mississippi at Skidmore will be open normal hours on Christmas Eve , and opens at 8 pm on Christmas day for the 1st annual Prostmas !
Red and Black Cafe ( 400 SE 12th ) is open both Xmas Eve and Xmas Day , 10 am to 7 pm .
Last year PDX Pipeline confirmed that the following bars were open ; many of which may very well be open this year too ( I ’ll update as I learn more ) :
Update :
And some more ( via the Bar Pilot blog at Portland Monthly ) :
House of Louie ( 331 NW Davis ) .
My Father ’s Place ( 523 SE Grand ) .
Yamhill Pub ( 223 SW Yamhill ) .
Update : The Lions Eye ( 5919 SE 82nd ) is open Christmas Day 7 pm - 2:30 am .
Also try truck stops ( seriously !
Jubitz , for example ) , Chinese places , hotel restaurants .
OTHER RESOURCES
TriMet ’s Christmas Day schedule : TriMet buses and MAX trains will run on Sunday schedules .
Portland Streetcar will use a modified Sunday schedule , running with one less train [ download PDF schedule here ] .
And make sure to check out PDX Pipeline , Bar Fly , and PortlandFood.org for more bars and restaurants open on Christmas Day .
* The information in this post is compiled through a combination of hearsay , website perusals , assumptions , and direct contact – please do not take it as gospel ; if you do n’t want to make a fruitless trip out , give the place a call first !
Ron Paul - The American Power Structure ( 1988 )
Former four - term Congressman Ron Paul describes the American power structure .
As a member of the House Banking and Currency Committee , Paul was in a unique position to see the inner workings of economic power and control of the country , and how this power translates into political power .
Paul describes how , through the control of the Federal Reserve and the banking system , the American power elite is basically out of reach of the democratic system .
Concurrently , by using such organizations as the Trilateral Commission and the Council on Foreign Relations , control over the political process is maintained , resulting in what is in reality a in the U.S .
Recorded August , 1988
News : October 5 , 1988
Copyright October , 1988
*******************************************
* Note :
* The Alternative Information Network
* address in the video is no longer in use .
Perl : Love it , or hate it , but do n't ignore it .
Call me a curmudgeon ( and many do ) , but I just can't understand why intelligent folks make the choice to completely ignore Perl .
I can understand if you do n't want to use it yourself -- that 's all cool -- but I wish folks would at least give it the nod it deserves .
Case in point : I was reading Simon Wilson 's excellent blog post about Node.js -- an " evented I / O for V8 javascript ” and was surprised that he only referenced Twisted ( Python ) and EventMachine ( Ruby ) when talking about non-blocking event - driven frameworks .
Why no mention of Perl ?
In reading about Node.js , it looks like one of the critical pieces of Node.js -- libev -- was co-authored by Marc Lehmann , a rather prolific CPAN contributor .
Mark also appears to be the author of AnyEvent , one of Perl 's own even - driven frameworks .
It 's not like PSGI and Plack and POE have n't been getting some good attention lately .
And even the slideshow listed at the end of Simon 's post mentions AnyEvent as an alternate event - driven option .
So what happened ?
As most Perlers have probably experienced , this is not an isolated event .
Virtually every discussion of Web frameworks -- Ruby on Rails , Django on Python , Symphony on PHP -- manage to avoid any mention of Catalyst , Jifty , or the Mojo Web Framework .
Advert
Given Catalyst 's lineage -- fork of a Perl MVC framework called Maypole -- I find it a bit strange that it 's so often left out of the picture .
( Even more strange when one considers that Catalyst is technically older that Ruby on Rails -- or so I 've read . )
So ..
Why do intelligent programmers so often leave Perl out of picture when talking about new approaches ?
Is it a conspiracy ?
Just plain oversight ?
Or the legend of " Perl is dead " rearing it 's head again ?
I do n't have an answer , but I wish I did .
( Though , I 'd probably start my investigation with the lackluster attention that O'Reilly gives to Perl.com . )
There 's lots of activity around Perl .
Just check out StackOverflow or commandlinefu.com .
Supposedly Perl Web searches are on the rise , and the Twitterverse is all a - flutter with everything Perl , and Perl.org got a design refresh ( hats off to those involved ) .
As the old saying goes : Love me , or hate me , just do n't ingore me .
If people want to hate on Perl , so be it .
But I propose that it would benefit the Perl community to ensure that Perl is not ingored .
So the next question is :
How do we raise the volume even higher ?
Carrying a Conversation
Today Ray will be cleaning stuff with pure acid .
Will & Raf plan on being first in line .
Alt - Text : ' Talk about the ratio of girls to guys numbers in your cell phone .
Yeah .
Yeah , that 'll impress her . '
There was a time that Derrek Lee was considered one of the preeminent first baseman in the league .
After a 2005 campaign where he hit .335 with 46 HR , 107 RBI , 120 R and 15 SB , fantasy owners saw him simply as one of the best .
Since then , things had gone significantly off course , until 2009 that is .
After breaking his wrist in April of 2006 , Lee went on to hit just 50 home runs over a three - year span .
Was it the after effects of the injury or was his 2005 power just a mirage ?
He had never hit more than 32 home runs prior to that season and it also came courtesy of a HR / FB rate of 23.7 % .
Needless to say , it was easy to write the year off as an anomaly , at least until he posted the following line :
532 At Bats
.306 Batting Average ( 163 Hits )
35 Home Runs
111 RBI
91 Runs
1 Stolen Bases
.393 On Base Percentage
. 579 Slugging Percentage
.330 Batting Average on Balls in Play
Before we even get to the power and run production , the speed is something that has to be mentioned .
He was once a player who routinely reached double - digit stolen bases , getting as many as 21 back in 2003 , but he attempted just one in 2009 .
While I would expect more in 2010 ( he at least attempted 10 in 2008 ) , he clearly is not the threat that he once was .
That would have been an advantage over many of the other options at the position , but it is no longer there .
As for the power , just look at his flyball rates since 2004 :
2004 – 40.5 %
2005 – 39.4 %
2006 – 38.4 %
2007 – 38.2 %
2008 – 33.7 %
2009 – 45.7 %
Which of the numbers do not seem to belong ?
That ’s not to mention the fact that his HR / FB rate jumped back up to 17.9 % .
If you want to believe that the wrist injury zapped him of some his power ( and his double totals of 43 and 41 the previous two seasons support that ) , it is still hard to imagine him maintaining the lofty flyball rate .
That ’s a number he had never shown previously in his career and one that almost has to plummet in the coming season .
With a fall in power will likely come a fall in RBI .
That basically goes without saying .
He spent the majority of his time hitting third last season ( 348 AB ) and the home runs certainly helped because the top of the Cubs lineup is not all that imposing .
Just remember that names like Kosuke Fukudome and Ryan Theriot spent time at the top of the lineup , neither of which bring much fear to opponents .
Granted , Fukudome carried an OBP of .375 , but he scored just 79 runs ( despite 365 AB in the top three spots of the lineup ) .
As for the average , it is possible he maintains a .330 BABIP as it was actually his lowest mark since 2004 .
Still , if there will be less home runs , that means there will be more balls put into play leading to a lower average .
Additionally , an increase in strikeouts ( I ’m projecting him to go from 20.5 % in 2009 to 21.5 % in 2010 ) , will cause his average to drop a little bit .
With all that said , let ’s now take a look at my preliminary projection for 2010 :
.285 ( 157-550 ) , 25 HR , 90 RBI , 90 R , 5 SB , .324 BABIP , .369 OBP , .500 SLG
As you can tell , I ’m expecting him to fall far short from the lofty numbers he produced in 2009 .
While it ’s easy to point to his previous injury and having finally recovered from it , I do not fully believe it .
Yes , it may have played a role , but the flyball rate just does n’t make sense .
It almost has to come back down to earth , which will result in a significant fall in the power department .
Throw in the fact that the Cubs lineup is not quite what it used to be , and overall it is tough to imagine him coming close to his previous season .
While he ’s likely to be a good option , he ’s much better suited as a corner infielder at this point ( he was outside the most recent Top 15 first baseman rankings , which you can view here ) .
What are your thoughts ?
Am I too critical of him ?
Do you think he could post numbers reasonably close to his 2009 line ?
Make sure to check out some more of our 2010 projections , including :
Can Smiling Make You Happy ?
Overview | Article Summary | For Instructors | For Students
Kleinke , C.L. , Peterson , T.R. , & Rutledge , T.R. ( 1998 ) .
Effects of self - generated facial expressions on mood .
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , 74 , 272-279 .
Overview : Theories of Emotion
An emotion , such as happiness or sadness , is a subjective experience that is associated with some phsyiological change in arousal and some characteristic behavior .
For example , a feeling of happiness is generally accompanied by a decrease in heart rate , indicating a decrease in arousal , and a smile , an overt behavior .
Fear is generally associated with , among other physiological effects , an increase in heart rate and clenched teeth .
Do we smile because we are happy or do are we happy because we smile ?
Theories of emotion differ in terms of whether the emotion leads to physiological and behavioral changes or the other way around .
According to one theory , the facial feedback theory which has its roots in the writings and theories of Charles Darwin and William James , emotion can be regulated by behavior , particularly by facial expression .
Try smiling .
Do you feel happy ?
Try frowning .
Do you feel grumpy ?
Research from the 1970s and 1980s suggests you do - at least physiologically .
In one study , participants who mimicked a fearful expression showed an increase in heart rate and skin temperature .
Kleinke , Peterson , and Rutledge ( 1998 ) added to this theory by examining how mimicking facial expressions might influence mood .
Overview | Article Summary | For Instructors | For Students Article Summary
A number of research studies have shown that making a facial expression , such as a smile , can produce effects on the body that are similar to those that result from the actual emotion , such as happiness .
Kleinke , Peterson , and Rutledge ( 1998 ) two scientific questions that extend the work on facial feedback theories of emotion :
Do people who are more self - conscious show stronger mood effects from making facial expressions than people who are less self - conscious ?
Does facial expression have a stronger effect on mood when the person can see his / or her expression ?
To study these questions , Kleinke et al. had students view photographs or slides of people with either positive facial expressions ( smiling ) or negative facial expressions ( frowning ) .
Participants in the control group just viewed the photos or slides , participants in the expression group were instructed to mimic the facial expression , and participants in the expression - mirror group matched the expression with the aid of looking in a mirror .
Mood was measured using a mood scale in which participants indicated their degree of agreement with statements reflecting their mood " right now . "
The mood scale was administered before and after viewing the photographs / slides and change in mood was used as the dependent variable .
In the first experiment , the participants also completed a self - consciousness scale in which they indicated their agreement with statements such as " I 'm always trying to figure myself out . "
As found in other studies , facial expressions did affect the participants ' mood :
Mood did not change in the control group who simply viewed the expressions .
Participants who matched the positive expressions experienced a positive change in mood ( they were in a more positive mood after making positive facial expressions ) and participants who matched the negative expressions experienced a negative change in mood .
Participants who were more self - conscious showed greater changes in mood following making the positive or negative expressions .
Kleinke et al. conclude that this finding indicates that self - conscious people are more in - tune with themselves and therefore more responsive to mood - inducting experiences .
Participants who watched their expressions in a mirror also showed a greater change in mood .
It seems that the visual feedback adds to the proprioceptive self - awareness of mood - related facial expression .
Overall , this study adds to the facial feedback theory of emotion by demonstrating that a personality characteristic of self - consciousness and visual feedback both add to the effect of facial expression on emotion .
Overview | Article Summary | For Instructors | For Students
For Instructors
Links to the Lecture Paul Ekman 's facial feedback theory of emotion is highlighted in this video : Face Value ( Filmakers , 38 min ) .
The Positive and Negative Affect Schedule ( PANAS ; Watson , Clark , & Telegren , 1988 ) was used to measure mood in one of the experiments in this article .
The PANAS consists of positive adjectives ( such as interested , alert , excited ) and negative adjectives ( such as disinterested , upset , guilty ) rated on a five point scale to indicate the extent to which the rater feels that way .
This scale is simple to administer and score in class and yields scores on positive and negative affect .
Watson , D. , Clark , L. , & Telegren , A. ( 1988 ) .
Development and validation of brief measures of positive and negative affect : The PANAS scales .
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , 54 , 1063 - 1070 .
Overview | Article Summary | For Instructors | For Students For Students
About the Authors Chris Kleinke is a professor of psychology at the University of Alaska , Anchorage .
He completed this research with his undergraduate students , Thomas Peterson , who is now in graduate school at the University of New Mexico , and Thomas Rutledge , who is now a graduate student at the University of British Columbia .
About the Journal The Journal of Personality and Social Psychology publishes a wide range of empirical , theoretical , and review articles on personality and on social psychology .
Check out the recent issue .
Links to Life
Here is an interesting synopsis of work on emotion and mood from a somewhat old ( 1996 ) on - line bibliography on emotion .
What if you could n't smile ?
People with Moebius Syndrome can't smile .
Just for fun , visit the Page of Smiles , with smiley pictures and lots of links to make you smile .
And here Õs a dictionary of emoticons ( smiley faces and other expression of emotion made with punctuation ) so you can share your mood electronically .
( New York ) - Heavy - handed tactics by Vietnam 's central government to disband followers of Thich Nhat Hanh , a prominent Buddhist monk who has called for religious reforms , illustrate Vietnam 's ongoing contempt for human rights and religious freedom , Human Rights Watch said today .
For three days , beginning December 9 , 2009 , orchestrated mobs that included undercover police and local communist party officials terrorized and assaulted several hundred monks and nuns at Phuoc Hue pagoda in central Lam Dong province .
Phuoc
Hue 's abbot has provided sanctuary to the monastics since late September , when police and civilian mobs violently expelled them from their own monastery of Bat Nha , located in the same commune .
During last week 's attack , mobs targeted Phuoc Hue 's abbot , threatening and haranguing him until they finally forced his consent to a December 31 deadline for the Bat Nha monastics to vacate the pagoda .
" Vietnam 's international donors should insist that the government halt the attacks on the monks and nuns in Lam Dong , allow them to practice their religion , and prevent any further violent expulsions , " said Elaine Pearson , deputy Asia director at Human Rights Watch .
" And they should make clear they will keep close tabs on the situation . "
The three - day vigilante assault on Phuoc Hue disrupted a December 9 European Union ( EU ) fact - finding mission to the pagoda , which was followed by an EU human rights dialogue with Vietnam on December 11 .
A European Parliament resolution passed in late November called on Vietnam to respect religious freedom and condemned the harassment and persecution of Buddhists in Lam Dong , as well as of followers of other religions and branches of Buddhism .
The EU , one of Vietnam 's largest donors , pledged US $ 1 billion in aid to Vietnam at a donor conference in early December .
Sweden - the current EU president - and other donors have pressed Vietnam to lift its restrictions on independent media , religious freedom , and peaceful dissent .
A 1995 EU - Vietnam Cooperation Agreement affirms that respect for human rights and democratic principles is the basis for the cooperation .
" The vigilante action to prevent diplomats from meeting with the monks and nuns is a real slap in the face to the EU , " Pearson said .
" The EU needs to make clear that it has leverage and will use it . "
Over the past year , government officials have intensified efforts to disband the community of young monks and nuns that until September was based at a meditation center at Bat Nha monastery established by Thich Nhat Hanh in 2005 .
Authorities began to take steps to close the center after Thich Nhat Hanh urged the government in 2007 to ease its restrictions on religious freedom .
Thich Nhat Hanh first drew international attention in the 1960s as a leader of South Vietnamese Buddhists opposed to the US war in Vietnam , critical of all sides to the conflict .
He continued his anti-war activities from exile in France after he left the country in 1965 .
The government barred him from returning as he increasingly took on human rights issues , including the plight of the thousands of boat people who fled Vietnam after the communist victory in 1975 and the persecution of Buddhist clergy and patriarchs .
Since the September eviction at Bat Nha , authorities have relentlessly harassed and pressured the Bat Nha Buddhists to vacate Phuoc Hue and other pagodas that took them in , periodically cutting electricity and water and barring local lay people from providing food and supplies .
According to government documents obtained by Human Rights Watch , in late November local officials were ordered to begin organizing civilians to demonstrate against the monks and nuns at Phuoc Hue , demand the expulsion of the pagoda 's abbot , and pressure the monks and nuns to return to their home provinces .
Mob action at Phuoc Hue
On December 9 , more than 100 people marched into Phuoc Hue pagoda .
Many wore motorcycle helmets , baseball caps , and dust masks - common attire on Vietnam 's roadways but not inside Buddhist temples .
Coordinated by whistle - blowing leaders , the crowds dragged the abbot out of his room , shouting insults , and demanding that he expel the Bat Nha Buddhists .
Video footage captured by some of the monastics show the attackers shoving aside monks and nuns trying to protect the abbot , and assaulting others trying to take photographs .
The crowds , which swelled to 200 people at times over the course of the three days , included people brought in from as far away as Nam Dinh province - 1500 km north of Lam Dong - who told observers they had been mobilized by government officials for three days ' work , at 200,000 dong ( US $ 11 ) a day .
Police cordoned off the streets around the pagoda , with officers posted at the homes of townspeople who had been providing food to the monks and nuns , to prevent them from leaving their homes .
The police did nothing to stop the mobs - some armed with hammers and sticks - from attempting to break down the door to the abbot 's room , overrunning the pagoda , and terrorizing the monks and nuns .
When nuns sat down to pray and chant civilians loomed over them , pulling at their ears and shouting so close to their faces that the nuns had to wipe away the spit .
Leaders of the mob , who included local cadre from party - controlled mass organizations , used megaphones to blast the sounds of police sirens and intensely loud electronic dance music into the pagoda compound .
In desperation , the monks began ringing the temple bell constantly to sound an alarm .
An ambulance was parked in front of the pagoda .
The provincial head of a special police unit within the Ministry of Public Security called A41 was present during the three days of mob activity .
Often called the " religious police , " A41 monitors groups the government considers to be religious " extremists " throughout Vietnam .
" What 's disturbing about this mob attack is that the Vietnamese government not only failed to protect its own citizens , but that the authorities actively participated in the abuses , " said Pearson .
More than half of the Bat Nha monastics remaining at Phuoc Hue are young Vietnamese women recently ordained as nuns .
" The nuns do n't know where to go - they feel trapped now , " one observer told Human Rights Watch .
" The whole experience was very traumatic - some were pushed , shoved , spit upon , and even assaulted .
Their community has been spiritually killed .
They are afraid to be split up and sent back to their home provinces - they want to stay together , in a safe place . "
The December 31 eviction deadline for the young monks and nuns at Phuoc Hue coincides with an International Conference on Buddhist women hosted by the Vietnamese government in Ho Chi Minh City .
" It 's ironic that as young nuns and monks face the possibility of another violent eviction on December 31 , participants at a government - hosted international Buddhist conference in Vietnam will be discussing the role of female Buddhists in preventing conflicts and violence , " said Pearson .
Orchestrated mob action is not a new phenomenon in Vietnam , particularly in remote " hot spots , " where authorities want to prevent any interaction between local communities and international visitors such as diplomats and journalists .
" What was different in Lam Dong is that diplomats saw with their own eyes government - orchestrated suppression of religious freedom and basic rights , " Pearson said .
" As such , the EU is uniquely placed to convey its strong concerns to the Vietnamese government about what happened . "
Human Rights
Watch has obtained copies of a series of directives from the government , ruling Communist Party , and government - appointed Buddhist officials that appear to order the assault on the pagoda .
A November 26 directive from the government 's Religious Affairs Committee instructed local Buddhist officials and the Communist People 's Committee to " mobilize " the Bat Nha Buddhists to return to their " proper residences " in their home provinces .
Similar directives were issued by the official Vietnam Buddhist Church - a government - appointed body - on November 30 , and by the local People 's Committee on December 7 .
" The EU and other donors should make it clear that they hold the Vietnamese government responsible for last week 's events in Lam Dong , " Pearson said .
" Vietnam 's donors need to voice their strong concerns , monitor the situation very closely , and do their best to be physically present at Phuoc Hue pagoda on the December 31 eviction deadline . "
Video
El corrido de la guerra contra el narco .
El chacal del valle nos da su opinión sobre las actividades de la guerra contra el narco , que ha impulsado el presidente Calderón
El organismo agregó que sólo en 2009 , con el homicidio de Alberto Velázquez , reportero del periódico Expresiones de Tulum , de Quintana Roo el pasado martes 22 de diciembre , se elevó a 12 el número de periodistas asesinados
Society
Villagers punished for hunting , eating tiger By Zhao Chunzhe ( chinadaily.com.cn )
Updated : 2009-12-22 16:14
The Indo - Chinese tiger shot by Kang Wannian is seen in this undated photo taken by an infrared camera . [ ynfzb.cn ]
Kang Wannian , a man who hunted and ate a rare Indo - Chinese tiger earlier this year , was sentenced to 12 years in prison and fined 100,000 yuan ( $ 14,644 ) .
He was also ordered to compensate the state for an economic loss of 480,000 yuan ( $ 70,295 ) by the local court in Mengla , in southwest China 's Yunnan province on Monday , yunnan.cn reported today .
Kang Wannian and Gao Zuqiao were villagers from in Mengla .
They happened to see a tiger while on their way to catch mussels in Xishuangbanna National Nature Reserve in Yunnan .
Kang shot the tiger dead .
The next day , the duo cut it into piece and shared the meat with other five villagers , the report said .
Gao and the five other villagers were also convicted of the crimes of illegal hunting , killing of endangered wildlife , and illegal possession of firearms .
They were given prison sentences ranging from one to four years .
Kang defended himself saying he killed the tiger out of self - defense , and that he gave himself up for justice .
The court rejected these arguments , saying that there was no need to carry a gun for catching mussels .
Forget smartphones and robotic hamsters :
The real hot gifts this holiday season are medical marijuana gizmos .
There are a bunch of cutting - edge weed products being developed right here in Colorado .
Check out a few of our favorites below .
Think of it like a holiday gift guide for that special medical - marijuana patient in your life .
And if we miss any killer local ganja toys , let us know and we 'll update our naughty - and - nice list .
Silver Surfer Herbal Vaporizer Seventh Floor LLP Colorado Springs , Colorado www.silversurfervap.com
Smoking marijuana is so 20th century .
Instead , many people are enjoying it via a vaporizer , which gently warms the pot and releases key vapors without the carcinogens .
One of the top vaporizers around comes right out of Colorado : the Silver Surfer , which was dreamed up six years ago by a journeyman electrician in Colorado Springs .
Since the hand - polished silver device looks like it 's rocking a surfboard , it earned a name straight out of the comics -- and its reception has been as fantastic as its title .
Silver Surfers are reportedly on every continent save Antarctica , and they 've garnered the seal of approval from none other than Willie Nelson .
Folks can find the silvery legend on sale for about $ 250 at dispensaries around the state , or buy one at Seventh Floor 's website .
The Incredibowl Incredibowl Industries Longmont , Colorado www.theincredibowl.com
Houston , we have a weed pipe .
The whiz kids behind the Incredibowl took the NASA approach to smoking their medicine , spending years designing digital models , then hiring engineers to build their dream .
The result , which is on sale at dispensaries statewide and online for about $ 150 a unit , is impressive : a polycarbonate expansion chamber .
A brass smoke - injection nozzle .
A patent - pending annular purge carb , whatever that means .
Even better , the Incredibowl recently took two awards at the vaunted Cannabis Cup in Amsterdam : second place in the best new product category , and third for best glass product .
Talk about local boys done good .
Smooth Draw Stash Boxes Bent Grass Products Denver , Colorado www.bentgrassproducts.com
You 're willing to pay top dollar for the finest medicine -- so why besmirch your weed by carrying it around in a baggie ?
Bent Grass Products has a better solution : its brand - new Smooth Draw Stash Boxes , air - tight , hard - shell cases that will lock in your stash 's flavor and make it look really cool .
A variety of case sizes are available at dispensaries , head shops and online for $ 10 to $ 25 , with some featuring customizable foam inserts .
Next up for Bent Grass ?
A marijuana humidor .
Now that 's what we call living the high life .
by Michael Boldin
There 's plenty of federal holidays for Americans to celebrate .
On July 4th , there 's independence from King George 's England .
On the first Monday in September , a holiday was dedicated to the " social and economic achievements of American workers . "
Other days throughout the year celebrate autumn harvest , soldiers who died in the civil war and even a person who sailed to this continent nearly three centuries before the country was " founded . "
When there 's no federally - sanctioned holiday to call upon , protesters and activists across the political spectrum often pick " important " dates to schedule events to bring attention to their cause .
We 've seen protests on Tax Day , Independence Day , May Day , Earth Day , and more .
And , just last week , we saw great importance placed on a day that does n't even have a letter in its name , 9/12 .
But nowhere to be found on these great lists of " federal holidays " or " protest days " is a celebration of the document that defined the principles of liberty that this country was supposedly founded upon - the Constitution .
LIMITING POWER
The Constitution was signed on September 17 , 1787 , and every year that date passes by with hardly a sound .
Sure , now that it 's considered a day of " federal observance " you 'll find government schools around the country including it in their lesson plans .
But these discussions generally focus on " Constitution Trivia " instead of what 's really important .
While it may be good to educate our young on how many years a Senator serves , or how Supreme Court justices are appointed , it 's not enough .
Seriously lacking in the public discourse is the actual purpose of the Constitution - its underlying principles .
When the Constitution was being considered for ratification , there was strong opposition from famous American figures that included George Mason and Patrick Henry .
One major reason for this was a fear of too much power .
The founding generation spent their lives toiling under a tyranny - a government without limits .
But , when the Constitution was written , it was done to codify in law that the powers of government would be limited to those which had been delegated to it .
The entire system was created under the principle of popular sovereignty - that ' We the People of the Several States ' created the government , and all powers not delegated to it , were retained .
But that 's not something you 're likely to hear from politicians in Washington DC , political pundits , schools , or just about anywhere else .
It 's generally not in their interest , either .
If politicians and their backers were promoting such crazy ideas as " originalism " and " limited government " they 'd never be able to convince you that they have the power to tell you what kind of health care plan you 'll be getting , how big your toilet can be , what kind of plants you 're allowed to grow , where you 're allowed to exercise your " right " to free speech , whom you can buy and sell from , and even when you must send your children to die for them .
MORE OF THE SAME
Throughout history , even kings and queens have often failed to survive such acts of hubris ; but , in " free " America , the major parties that produce all the presidents continue to receive approval through tens of millions of votes .
And where has that gotten people ?
Well , let 's take a look at some major issues .
If you were opposed to war in the Bush administration , you 've still got the same wars and threats of wars under Obama .
If you were opposed to national health care under Clinton , you got a massive expansion of government health care under George Bush , which laid the groundwork for an even bigger expansion under Obama .
If you did n't like the federal government passing the Patriot Act without even reading it , you 're still getting the same failure to read today .
On the other hand , if you liked the Bush bailouts , you 've gotta love the ones that Obama has given you !
No matter what side of the political aisle you sit on , the federal government is not your friend .
It 's not a friend to the Constitution , and it 's certainly no friend to your liberty .
For years and years .
and years , people have yelled " vote the bums out ! " " Call Congress now ! " " March on DC ! "
But , in the long run , little to none of this actually works .
If you oppose this national health care plan , they 'll give you that one .
If you oppose one war , you 'll get another one .
If you oppose today 's bailout , they 'll find a different one tomorrow .
Decade in and decade out , the government keeps growing , and your liberty keeps shrinking .
And it does n't matter if the person in charge is named Obama , or Bush , or Reagan , or Clinton .
The bottom line ?
Looking to the federal government - whether it's though elections , or protests , or lawsuits , or rallies - is a failed strategy .
So how about trying something new ?
A DIFFERENT PATH : NULLIFICATION
This year , for example , seven states have passed sovereignty resolutions under the 10th Amendment to the Constitution .
Two states passed laws nullifying some federal firearms regulations .
Three states are considering constitutional amendments allowing residents to effectively opt - out of any future national health care plan .
And , thirteen states now have Medical Marijuana laws in direct opposition to federal laws .
In Jeffersonian - speak , this all falls under the banner of " nullification . "
When a state ? nullifies ' a federal law , it is proclaiming that the law in question is void and inoperative , or ? non-effective , ' within the boundaries of that state ; or , in other words , not a law as far as that state is concerned .
While some in government and the media would like to paint this essential tool for resisting federal tyranny as solely aligned with the South in the War Between the States - and nothing more , they 're missing some essential history .
It 's been used in efforts to advance free speech , help runaway slaves , resist high taxes and more .
And recently , the Bush - Era Real ID
Act is now virtually dead in the water , not due to elections or rallies , or calls to Congress .
In the past two years , approximately two dozen states simply refused to implement the law .
The result ?
It 's effectively null and void .
While the Obama administration would like to revive it under a different name , the reality is still there - with massive state - level resistance , the federal government can be pushed back inside its constitutional box .
Issue by issue , law by law , the best way to change the federal government is by ignoring it .
Even better , this is no single - issue movement .
Legislators in over 20 states are considering legislation to nullify some federal gun laws , and another 10 are looking at ways to nullify national health care .
15 states are weighing legislation or ballot initiatives that could turn them into medical marijuana states by next year , and activists in over a dozen states have been pushing for legislation that would require their governors to bring national guard troops home from Iraq and elsewhere .
Over the years , wise men and women warned us that the Constitution would never enforce itself .
I believe it 's time for people to recognize this as fact , and bring that enforcement closer to home .
So whether you 're on the left , or on the right , or even somewhere in the middle , the path to freedom , the path to your political goals lies not in Washington D.C. Instead , it lies in Madison , and Jefferson ( City ) .
and other state capitols around the country .
So this Constitution Day take a new pledge .
Ignore and nullify the federal government .
It 's as worthless as it is dangerous .
-###-
Michael Boldin [ send him email ] is the founder of the Tenth Amendment Center .
Why the U.S. should keep an eye on China ’s military
By Thomas G. Mahnken
One topic that is likely to arise during President Obama ’s trip to Asia , if not in his meetings in Beijing , is the continuing modernization of the Chinese military .
Asian leaders are privately , and increasingly publicly , concerned about China ’s growing military might and what they see as a failure of the United States to respond .
This year ’s Australian defense white paper , for example , portrays a future in which China contests American primacy in Asia and beyond .
When one of the United States ’ closest allies expresses such concerns , Washington should listen .
According to at least one high - ranking official , the United States has systematically underestimated the pace and scope of Chinese military modernization for years .
On Oct. 21 in an interview with the Voice of America , the incoming Commander of U.S. Pacific Command ( USPACOM ) , Admiral Robert F. Willard , USN , told reporters that , “ In the past decade or so , China has exceeded most of our intelligence estimates of their military capability and capacity , every year . …
They ’ve grown at an unprecedented rate in those capabilities .
And , they ’ve developed some asymmetric capabilities that are concerning to the region , some anti-access capabilities and so on . ”
Willard should know .
Prior to becoming the USPACOM commander , he was in command of all U.S. naval forces in the Pacific ; before that , he was Vice Chief of Naval Operations .
Willard ’s observation should be cause for concern , but is not a surprise .
Intelligence organizations have a tendency to underestimate rising powers .
As I discuss in my book , Uncovering Ways of War , U.S. Army and Navy intelligence in the period between the two world wars underestimated the growth of the Japanese military power not because of racial bias or ethnocentrism , but rather because of the very real tendency to look back on Japan ’s modest military capabilities and project them into the future .
As a result , American intelligence organizations overlooked a number of areas where the Japanese military innovated , failures that cost the United States and its allies dearly in World War II .
I suspect that the same pathologies may be at work today regarding China .
The People ’s Liberation Army of the 1980s and 1990s was hardly first - rate .
In recent years , however , China has made real strides , including the testing of an anti-satellite weapon in July 2007 and the development of an anti-ship ballistic missile designed to attack U.S. carrier strike groups .
Outside a small circle of cognoscenti , however , perceptions of Chinese military power have failed to keep pace with this reality .
If we are in danger of underestimating Chinese military power , China ’s leaders are in danger of overestimating it .
Some portions of the Chinese military have not seen action since China ’s 1979 war with Vietnam ; others have not seen combat since the Korean War .
Although China is in the process of fielding increasingly capable weapons , the military effectiveness of the PLA is very much an open question .
The United States needs to do more to understand the Chinese military .
The PLA intently studies the U.S. military ; the U.S. military lacks a similar curiosity about them .
That needs to change .
It would be worthwhile , for example , to translate and make available to scholars a broader array of Chinese writings about military affairs .
In addition , the U.S. military needs to devote greater attention to understanding the Chinese military , as well as the strategic and operational challenges it poses .
Doing so will not , as some assert , preordain conflict with China .
To the contrary , a better understanding of the Chinese military should help us avoid misperception and bolster deterrence .
Such an effort should include our allies and friends in the region , who have their own perspectives and their own concerns with China ’s military expansion .
STR / AFP / Getty Images
This story has been gaining a lot of steam around the forums over the past few days .
Joe Brammer will be wearing a shirt from the company Hoelzer Reich at the TUF 10 finale .
The shirt ( pictured right ) features several icons , such as the Iron Cross , that were used by the Nazis .
Hoelzer Reich also uses many other symbols and images that are associated with Nazi culture .
HR Clothing states on their website that this is just a coincidence :
We do not have any Political affiliations with any organizations .
Our interest in German imagery comes strictly from a historical and ancestral standpoint .
For many years , we have collected German memorabilia dating back to the early 1800's , which has been passed through the family for generations .
All of the German - inspired imagery used on our apparel dates back hundreds of years , and does not depict a certain time of German History .
However , certain aspect of the story just are n't adding up .
There is a lot of discussion over HR 's sponsorship of neo - nazi bands ( such as Westwall , see the comment section for a discussion on this band and the ties to HR ) and sponsoring fighters with neo-nazi tattoos ( such as Niko Puhakka , featured on such classy sites as Skinhead Hate Crew ) .
A thread over at the underground dives into the situation and points out some of the inconsistencies of the HR statements on their mission .
I 've never been one to deny fighters the right to make a living and Lyle Beerbohm on the above linked Underground thread even discusses how important HR 's sponsorship was in his life .
However , I can't support any company 's right to sponsor an MMA event when they appear to have connections to things so deeply rooted in racism and hate .
Speaking personally , I hope the UFC steps in and prevents Brammer , and any other fighter from wearing Hoelzer Reich apparel at their events .
If we 're going to see companies banned from sponsorship for putting money in Fedor and Dan Henderson 's pockets , I hope companies that put money in the pockets of hate groups receive the same treatment .
Update :
For those just coming across the story here is a bit more on the above mentioned ties to the band West Wall :
West Wall is a neo -Nazi metal band led by the former leader of the neo -Nazi skinhead group Northern Hammerskins .
Hoelzer Reich 's website contained photos of the band in their shirts which the brand explains as the band buying the shirts and mailing them photos which were then posted and removed once it was realized who they were .
However , in an interview the lead singer of the band said that they were sponsored by the brand .
Add that to the fact that up until recent days the label 's blog stated West Wall as their favorite band and the fact that HR 's myspace page featured a playlist of West Wall songs and it becomes hard to think that the posting of the band in HR shirts was a simple mistake .
( Newser ) – The first Earthling to reach Mars may be a Russian monkey , according to scientists at an ex-Soviet facility .
The director of an institute that supplied monkeys to the Soviet space program in the ' 80s says the facility is in talks with Russia 's Cosmonautics Academy over supplying animals for a simulated Mars mission .
A real mission could follow with a robot on board to look after the monkey , he says .
The robot would feed and clean up after the monkey during the 520 - day round trip .
" Technicians have told us that it's not difficult to build such a robot , " the institute 's director tells AFP .
" The hard part is teaching the monkey to live with the robot . "
( Read more space travel stories . )
C -15 has been passed by the Senate Committee with minor amendments .
It now proceeds to the Senate for a final vote .
After that , the bill only requires a signature by the Governor General to become law .
This unfortunately means we will be unable to delay C - 15 any further , and short of rejection by the Senate ( highly unlikely ) , we will face passage of this bill before , or shortly after , the Winter break .
The amendments are as follows :
The Senate Constitutional and Legal Affairs committee today voted to remove under 201 plants from C - 15 ’s mandatory minimum sentencing provisions , so long as the production occurs outside of residential areas and in properties owned by the grower .
Let me be clear :
If you produce 1 plant in a residential neighbourhood , C - 15 still prescribes a 9 month sentence .
If you produce 1 plant in a rented property , C - 15 still prescribes a 9 month sentence .
If you produce 1 plant in a house that you own , C - 15 still prescribes a 9 month sentence .
If you produce 200 plants on a farm that you own , C - 15 does not apply .
Unfortunately , the Committee was missing the two most prominent critics of C - 15 during the clause - by - clause debate today , and were unable to propose ammendments to remove 1-201 plants in residential or rented properties .
This was a victory today , but a small one , that primarily effects rural areas , leaving urban areas under the thumb of these ridiculous mandatory minimum sentences .
We NEED to organize more people to stop bills like this in the future !
Please , contact your friends , family members , coworkers , everyone you know who believes in ending this horrific war on drugs and get them registered on WhyProhibition .ca .
The only way to move forward is together , and the only way to defeat this drug war , is with everyone .
CLICK HERE TO FIND OUT HOW TO STOP BILL C-15
Click here to PHONE JAM the Senate – tell them to vote NO ! on Bill C - 15 .
Senators alter crime bill to go easier on pot growers
by Janice Tibbetts , Canwest News Service
For the second time this fall , a committee of the Liberal - dominated Senate has amended a Conservative law - and - order bill , eliminating an element that would automatically send marijuana growers to jail for at least six months if they ’re caught with as few as five plants .
The committee altered the controversial bill Thursday to retain a judge ’s discretion when sentencing offenders convicted of growing fewer than 200 plants , putting the upper chamber on a collision course with Justice Minister Rob Nicholson .
Automatic terms for a variety of other drug - related crimes — for the first time in Canada — were kept intact .
Nicholson , however , seized on the committee ’s move to highlight divisions between the Liberals in the Senate and the House of Commons .
The drug bill sailed through the Commons earlier this year after the Liberals teamed up with the Conservatives , despite grumbling within Grit ranks that they were being told to support a bad bill so they would n’t be accused of being soft on crime .
Nicholson called on Liberal Leader Michael Ignatieff Thursday to “ lean on these people ” in the Senate and urge them to pass the bill in its original form .
The legal and constitutional affairs committee amendments will go to the Senate as a whole , which will begin debating the bill next week and then decide whether to pass the bill in its original or altered form .
The committee has also amended the bill to reaffirm the Criminal Code principle that the special circumstances of aboriginal offenders should be taken into account when sentencing .
A third amendment rewrites a provision that would automatically jail offenders convicted of a second drug offence , stating that the first offence must have been a serious one .
Liberal Senator Serge Joyal described the amendments as minor and he said no reasonable person could say that the committee “ gutted ” the bill .
Nicholson , who earlier this fall accused the Senate committee of gutting another crime bill , would only say Thursday that he is “ disappointed ” by the latest move .
The Liberals have accused the Conservatives of revelling in the Senate scrutiny because they can use it as a springboard to reinforce their tough - on - crime message and take aim at their Liberal opponents .
The committee had warned this fall that it would not rubber - stamp the legislation , which has drawn heavy criticism in public hearings in both the Commons and the Senate .
Opponents have warned the bill , if passed , would flood jails and imprison drug addicts and young people rather than drug kingpins , who will continue to thrive , while small - time dealers are knocked out of commission .
The same Senate committee voted in October to dramatically alter a Conservative bill to eliminate judicial discretion to give offenders a two - for - one credit for time spent in pre-sentence custody , but the Senate as whole rejected the amendments and the bill was enshrined in law a few weeks later .
– Article from Canwest News Service on December 3 , 2009 .
Nicholson Disappointed with Changes to Crime Bill
The Canadian Press
The Senate has altered a Conservative tough - on - crime bill to remove mandatory minimum sentences for people convicted of growing fewer than 200 pot plants .
The amendments to Bill C - 15 by the Senate committee on legal and constitutional affairs were immediately denounced by Justice Minister Rob Nicholson as “ very disappointing . ”
“ The whole bill is about people who are trafficking in illegal drugs , ” said Nicholson .
But a news release from the Senate committee stated its amendments are designed to better target “ the ‘ kingpins ’ or major players in the drug trade ” while giving judges and prosecutors more discretion for lesser transgressions .
The changes would also avoid triggering long automatic mandatory prison terms for convicts who have minor drug offences in their past , said the committee .
The amendments must still be voted upon by the Senate as a whole .
Bill C - 15 was passed in the elected House of Commons , where the current political dynamic has made opposition parties very cautious about critiquing the Harper government ’s tough - on - crime mantra .
But the Senate promised to give the legislation a more critical examination .
A Senate inquiry headed by Conservative Pierre Claude Nolin recommended in 2002 that marijuana use for adults should be legalized .
The latest Senate committee said it heard testimony from government officials , law enforcement associations , legal groups , public health organizations and academics that convinced it amendments were needed .
Nicholson was among those who testified , and he stated the “ proposals represent a tailored approach to mandatory penalties for serious drug offences . ”
The new law , testified the justice minister , targets “ those who profit off the vulnerabilities of those addicted to drugs . ”
However the Senate committee says it heard from witnesses who said the new law would actually induce drug kingpins to recruit more low - level and addicted dealers , who in turn would suffer the consequences of the mandatory minimums .
“ There is a large body of research that points to both the lack of a deterrent effect for mandatory minimum sentences and the fact that they can lead to significant increases in the prison population , with little or no impact on public safety , ” Howard Sapers , the independent ombudsman for federal offenders , told the Senate committee .
Nicholson said Thursday the notion of mandatory minimum sentences is not a Conservative innovation .
“ Most of mandatory sentences were not passed by this government , they were by the Liberals , ” he told reporters .
“ But the bills that we have brought forward have all got proportional sentences and I think they ’re very appropriate . ”
Debating over the length of sentences for those convicted of growing between five and 200 cannabis plants for the purpose of trafficking is a far cry from the federal political debate of earlier this decade .
At the time of the 2002 Senate report , Nolin , the Conservative committee chairman , stated that : “ Scientific evidence overwhelmingly indicates that cannabis is substantially less harmful than alcohol and should be treated not as a criminal issue but as a social and public health issue . ”
– Article from The Canadian Press on December 4 , 2009 .
Here is the C - 15 sentencing schedule as amended by the Senate Committee .
You know times are tough when a guy has to sell his horn to put on a show .
That ’s the sacrifice 29 - year - old jazz promoter Paul Im made while pulling together the inaugural Asian American Jazz Festival , a three - day smorgasbord of music starting today at downtown ’s Cafe Metropol .
The event features 16 artists of Asian and Asian American descent and will culminate with a Sunday - night show at the Japanese American National Museum ’s Democracy Forum .
But it was n’t cheap to produce :
As Im was putting the festival together , a buyer made him an offer for his saxophone that he could n’t refuse .
“ I did n’t feel bad about it because I feel like I ’m selling something that is mine , but I ’m producing , ” Im said .
“ Something ’s going to come out of this that ’s musical .
And I can always get a horn . ”
A Chinese American who was raised in L.A. and studied at Boston ’s Berklee College of Music , Im has booked the weekly jazz program at Cafe Metropol for more than a year .
As he met the musicians onstage and in his audience , he recognized a pattern that set a festival plan in motion .
Advertisement
“ What I ’d noticed through the years in the jazz business was that there was an incredible amount of Asian and Asian American jazz talent , ” he said .
“ We want people to be aware of the music that is happening because there are people out there doing great things . ”
Though the festival ’s focus is international , many of the weekend ’s performers are Southern California locals , including experimental - leaning keyboardist Motoko Honda , saxophonist Ian Vo and pianist Gary Fukushima .
While such a cross-cultural scene can fly under the radar for mainstream listeners , much of Asia has a history with the genre , particularly Japan , which enjoyed special album releases from American jazz musicians as well as its own vibrant community .
A number of Asian artists have started crossing over with American audiences ; Japanese pianist and Sunday headliner Hiromi recently recorded albums with Chick Corea and Stanley Clarke .
Though Im was familiar with the consciousness - raising Asian American jazz movement that inspired festivals in San Francisco and Chicago , his decision to pull together the first event of this scale in L.A. was n’t motivated by a specific agenda .
Advertisement
“ I was more concerned about the present and the future , ” Im said .
“ It ’s a celebration of the music . . . also it ’s a cultural event , and I ’m definitely aware of the political connotations that come along with it . ”
“ Jazz has always been the music of immigrants -- it ’s always welcomed new spices in the pot , ” said Filipino vocalist Charmaine Clamor , who will be performing Sunday .
“ To be surrounded by so many ingenious Asian jazz musicians , each bringing their culture and traditions to this modern art , is a thrill and an inspiration . ”
In planning and promoting the festival , Im attempted to be as inclusive as possible .
In addition to booking artists with roots in Japan , China and the Philippines , Sunday night ’s lineup includes the international quintet Prelude , a nod to Los Angeles ’ large Korean population .
“ We ’re building a bridge , which I think is important for the jazz community as a whole , ” Im said .
“ The loyal jazz audience has been diminishing for a long time .
. . .
You have to give people a reason to come .
That ’s what we ’re trying to accomplish . ”
Advertisement
--
chris.barton@latimes.com
--
The Asian American Jazz Festival
Advertisement
When : 12:30 - 9 p.m today and Saturday at Cafe Metropol , 923 E. 3rd St. , Los Angeles ; 1 - 9 p.m. Sunday at Japanese American National Museum ’s Democracy Forum , 369 E. 1st St. , Los Angeles
Price : Today , $ 20 all - day pass ; Saturday , $ 22 ; Sunday , $ 26 - $ 46 ; three - day pass , $ 100
Contact : ( 213 ) 613-1537 ; ( 213 ) 625-0414;www.asianamerican jazzfestival.com
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
You do n't need a Ph.D in economics to know that the government fiscal year that ended last week was ugly for the budget .
Much attention has been paid this year to the record - high spending and deficit accrued because of the financial and economic crisis .
But one of the driving factors that has gotten less notice : plummeting tax revenue .
The crisis , after all , walloped company profits and savaged Americans ' income stream .
Through the end of August , Uncle Sam collected 25 % less in tax revenue for the year than he did during the same period a year earlier .
The two biggest culprits -- a 56 % drop in corporate income tax revenue and a 20 % drop in individual income tax revenue .
On balance , the Congressional Budget Office expects that tax receipts will be 14.9 % of gross domestic product this year , well below the historical 18.3 % average .
While revenue forecasts for next year are better , the CBO estimates tax receipts will only make up about 15.7 % of GDP .
But two factors could lower that estimate .
The first is whether or not the projections for economic growth and the unemployment rate prove too optimistic .
If they do , that would reduce how much tax revenue Washington collects .
The other factor is whether or not lawmakers pass a host of tax - break extensions that are under discussion .
Some of those breaks are safety - net provisions that were part of the economic recovery act passed in February , while others come from a bevy of provisions that typically get extended every year .
Possible contenders for extension that could further reduce revenue include :
the tax credit to help laid - off workers buy health insurance under Cobra ;
the federal income tax exemption for the first $ 2,400 in unemployment benefits ;
relief from the Alternative Minimum Tax for 2010 , which could affect revenue collection for both 2010 and 2011 ;
the first - time home buyer credit of $ 8,000 , which expires Nov. 30 ; and
the research and development credit for businesses .
The cost of such tax extenders would depend on how they 're structured .
But their cost might be offset somewhat by other tax measures .
For instance , lawmakers are expected to retain the estate tax for 2010 , said Dan Clifton , the head of policy research at Strategas Research Partners .
On the other hand , should lawmakers cook up any new tax breaks during 2010 in the name of stimulus or job creation or any other issue , that could further compromise revenue collections , unless lawmakers stick to their promise to pay for any new tax cuts .
How much does falling revenue matter ?
After the financial and economic crises hit in earnest , even many experts who normally lose sleep over deficits said it was no time to be consumed with deficit worries .
The economy was on the brink .
It 's no surprise to Robert Bixby , executive director of the Concord Coalition , that the projections for tax revenue in fiscal year 2010 are fairly anemic .
" I think 2010 is already baked into the cake as a bad year , " Bixby said .
" Part of the recovery will be continued high deficit spending because the economy will continue to need stimulus . "
But what he hopes to see in 2010 is at least a move toward revenue growth that picks up steam in subsequent years .
Based on current estimates , however , he 's not optimistic that will happen unless lawmakers take action .
Right now , " the deficits projected in the president 's budget are unacceptably high , " Bixby said .
The White House Office of Management and Budget , in its mid-session review this summer , estimated that annual deficits over the next 10 years will range from a high of 11.2 % of GDP this year to a low of 3.7 % by 2018 .
Come 2019 , however , the OMB estimates the annual deficit will move north again to 4 % .
" It 's important that there be a deficit reduction plan in Obama 's 2011 budget , " Bixby added .
He noted that having a plan does n't necessarily mean having to enact it right away if economic conditions are n't right .
But , he said , " We 're going to have to face tax increases eventually . "
A friend of mine set up her own company , determined not only to employ women , but to create a family - friendly environment for them so they would stay working when they had children .
She failed , but not through want of trying .
Her marketing company now employs more than 30 people , but an ever smaller proportion are women with families – for the simple reason that , as she says , " most women want to have children and when they do , their values almost invariably change .
They are just not as committed to their jobs as before .
A small company simply cannot stay in business if it is staffed by people who are n't very committed to what they do . "
So I get an email message today , telling me I had a package delivery !
I rushed to the post office as soon as I could after class this morning and picked up a rather large and light package .
Always curious I began to open it as I waited for the bus , considering how windy it was ...
I do hope those packing peanuts were the biodegradeable kind D :
The gift ended up being a bit large to be opened on the bus , so I brought the still bubblewrapped gift home .
On the bus I noticed there was a picture of a little bear .
I 'd like to interject at this point and say that although I enjoyed sending gifts , getting this has me feeling so amazingly happy :D
This absolutely made my day today .
Thank you so so so so much whoever you are .
I had had a transcript of what the post-its said , but it got lost because it came after an ascii heart D : ( see EDIT2 for details )
I love the picture and intend to get it framed at some point !
Thank you santa !
EDIT : 4/5 of my post got lost between edits ; _____ ; can it be recovered ?
EDIT2 : It seems redditgifts will truncate the message at angle brackets , which is why I lost most of my post , I had made an ascii heart because the unicode one kept getting replaced with '? '
D :
Both Steve McIntyre and I are mentioned in this comprehensive summary .
I ’ve posted some excerpts below , with a link to the full report in PDF form .
It is well worth a read .
– Anthony
Cold facts about the hot topic of global temperature change after the Climategate scandal
by Christopher Monckton of Brenchley | November 30 , 2009
THE WHISTLE BLOWS FOR TRUTH
The whistleblower deep in the basement of one of the ugly , modern tower - blocks of the dismal , windswept University of East Anglia could scarcely have timed it better .
In less than three weeks , the world ’s governing class – its classe politique – would meet in Copenhagen , Denmark , to discuss a treaty to inflict an unelected and tyrannical global government on us , with vast and unprecedented powers to control all once - free world markets and to tax and regulate the world ’s wealthier nations for its own enrichment : in short , to bring freedom , democracy , and prosperity to an instant end worldwide , at the stroke of a pen , on the pretext of addressing what is now known to be the non-problem of manmade “ global warming ” .
The unnamed hero of ‘ Climategate ’ , after months of work gathering emails , computer code , and data , quietly sent a 61 - megabyte compressed file from one of the university ’s servers to an obscure public message - board on the internet , with a short covering note to the effect that the climate was too important to keep the material secret , and that the data from the University would be available for a short time only .
He had caught the world ’s politico - scientific establishment green - handed .
Yet his first attempts to reveal the highly - profitable fraud and systematic corruption at the very heart of the UN ’s climate panel and among the scientists most prominent in influencing it ’s prejudiced and absurdly doom - laden reports had failed .
He had made the mistake of sending the data - file to the mainstream news media , which had also profited for decades by fostering the “ global warming ” scare , and by generally denying anyone who disagreed with the official viewpoint any platform .
The whistleblower ’s data file revealed , for the first time , the innermost workings of the tiny international clique of climate scientists , centered on the Climate Research Unit at East Anglia , that has been the prime mover in telling the world that it is warming at an unprecedented rate , and that humankind is responsible .
REVEALED : THE ABJECT CORRUPTION OF CLIMATE SCIENCE
The gallant whistleblower now faces a police investigation at the instigation of the University authorities desperate to look after their own and to divert allegations of criminality elsewhere .
His crime ?
He had revealed what many had long suspected :
– A tiny clique of politicized scientists , paid by unscientific politicians with whom they were financially and politically linked , were responsible for gathering and reporting data on temperatures from the palaeoclimate to today ’s climate .
The “ Team ” , as they called themselves , were bending and distorting scientific data to fit a nakedly political story - line profitable to themselves and congenial to the governments that , these days , pay the bills for 99 % of all scientific research .
The Climate Research Unit at East Anglia had profited to the tune of at least $ 20 million in “ research ” grants from the Team ’s activities .
The Team had tampered with the complex , bureaucratic processes of the UN ’s climate panel , the IPCC , so as to exclude inconvenient scientific results from its four Assessment Reports , and to influence the panel ’s conclusions for political rather than scientific reasons .
The Team had conspired in an attempt to redefine what is and is not peer - reviewed science for the sake of excluding results that did not fit what they and the politicians with whom they were closely linked wanted the UN ’s climate panel to report .
They had tampered with their own data so as to conceal inconsistencies and errors .
They had emailed one another about using a “ trick ” for the sake of concealing a “ decline ” in temperatures in the paleoclimate .
They had expressed dismay at the fact that , contrary to all of their predictions , global temperatures had not risen in any statistically - significant sense for 15 years , and had been falling for nine years .
They had admitted that their inability to explain it was “ a travesty ” .
This internal doubt was in contrast to their public statements that the present decade is the warmest ever , and that “ global warming ” science is settled .
They had interfered with the process of peer - review itself by leaning on journals to get their friends rather than independent scientists to review their papers .
They had successfully leaned on friendly journal editors to reject papers reporting results inconsistent with their political viewpoint .
They had campaigned for the removal of a learned journal ’s editor , solely because he did not share their willingness to debase and corrupt science for political purposes .
They had mounted a venomous public campaign of disinformation and denigration of their scientific opponents via a website that they had expensively created .
Contrary to all the rules of open , verifiable science , the Team had committed the criminal offense of conspiracy to conceal and then to destroy computer codes and data that had been legitimately requested by an external researcher who had very good reason to doubt that their “ research ” was either honest or competent .
THE NATURE ‘TRICK ’ TO ‘HIDE THE DECLINE ’ IN TEMPERATURES
Among the most revealing of the emails released to the world by the whistleblower was one dated November 1999 .
In that email , Professor “ Phil ” Jones of the CRU wrote to Michael Mann , Raymond Bradley and Malcolm Hughes , the authors of the infamous “ hockey stick ” graph that falsely abolished the medieval warm period :
Almost immediately after the news of Climategate broke , Professor Jones told Investigative Magazine ’s TGIF Edition that he “ had no idea ” what he might have meant by the words “ hide the decline ” .
He said :
“ They ’re talking about the instrumental data which is unaltered – but they ’re talking about proxy data going further back in time , a thousand years , and it ’s just about how you add on the last few years , because when you get proxy data you sample things like tree rings and ice cores , and they do n’t always have the last few years .
So one way is to add on the instrumental data for the last few years . ”
A few hours later , the science hate - crime website created by the Team cobbled together a jumbled , snivelingly self - serving , and entirely different pretext :
“ The paper in question is the Mann , Bradley and Hughes ( 1998 ) Nature paper on the original multiproxy temperature reconstruction [ the ‘ hockey - stick ’ graph of pre-instrumental temperatures over the past 1000 years in the Northern Hemisphere ] , and the ‘ trick ’ is just to plot the instrumental records along with reconstruction so that the context of the recent warming is clear .
Scientists often use the term “ trick ” to refer to “ a good way to deal with a problem ” , rather than something that is “ secret ” , and so there is nothing problematic in this at all .
As for the ‘ decline ’ , it is well known that Keith Briffa ’s [ another prominent member of the Team ] maximum latewood tree ring density proxy diverges from the temperature records after 1960 ( this is more commonly known as the “ divergence problem ” … and has been discussed in the literature since Briffa et al. in Nature in 1998 ( Nature , 391 , 678-682 ) .
Those authors have always recommend not using the post - 1960 part of their reconstruction , and so , while ‘ hiding ’ is probably a poor choice of words ( since it is ‘ hidden ’ in plain sight ) , not using the data in the plot is completely appropriate , as is further research to understand why this happens . ”
Enter Steve McIntyre , the one who had first realized that the UN ’s climate panel in 2001 had used a corrupt graph that had falsely abolished the medieval warm period with the aim of pretending that today ’s global temperatures are unprecedented in at least 1000 years .
Later that day his website , www.climateaudit.org, revealed the truth about the conspirators ’ “ trick ” .
In order to smooth a data series over a given time period , one must pad it with artificial data beyond the endpoint of the real series .
However , when Mann , Bradley , and Hughes plotted instrumental data against their reconstructions based on the varying widths of tree - rings from ancient trees , their favourite form of proxy or pre-instrumental reconstructed temperature , no smoothing method could conceal the fact that after 1960 the tree -ring data series trended downward , while the instrumental series trended upward .
This was the Team ’s “ divergence ” :
“ So Mann ’s solution [ ‘ Mike ’s Nature trick ’ ] was to use the instrumental record for padding [ both the proxy and the instrumental data series ] , which changes the smoothed series to point upwards . ”
Accordingly , though the author of the original email had said that the “ trick ” was to add instrumental measurements for years beyond available proxy data , his conspirators at the science - hate website admitted it was actually a replacement of proxy data owing to a known but unexplained post - 1960 “ divergence ” between the proxy data and the instrumental data .
In fact , it was a fabrication .
The next day , in a statement issued by the University of East Anglia ’s press office , Professor Jones fumblingly tried to recover the position :
“ The word ‘ trick ’ was used here colloquially as in a clever thing to do .
It is ludicrous to suggest that it refers to anything untoward . ”
As we shall see , Professor Jones was not telling the truth .
BREAKING THE BROKEN CODE : DISSECTING THE DODGY DATA
The “ Documents ” folder in the enormous data - file released by the whistleblower contains many segments of computer program code used by Jones and the Team in contriving the Climate Research Unit ’s global temperature series .
The data - file also contained a 15,000 - line commentary by programmers concerned that the code and the data used by the Team were suspect , were fabricated , and were not fit for their purpose .
Looking at the seldom - tidy code , the sheer number of programs which subject the raw data to various degrees of filtering , processing , and tampering is disconcerting .
Some of these alterations were blatant and unacceptable , notably those which removed proxy data that correlate poorly with measured regional temperature , or even replaced proxy data altogether with measured data to conceal a discrepancy between what the proxy data actually showed and what the Team wanted it to show .
The Team ’s programmers even admitted , in comments within the code , that they were artificially adjusting or “ correcting ” the proxy data from tree - rings .
In Fortran , the high - level computer language long in use at universities for programming , a programmer ’s comment is usually preceded by the statement “ REM ” for “ remark ” , indicating that the text on the line following the word “ REM ” should be ignored by the compiler program that translates the Fortran code that humans can understand into executable machine language that the computer can understand .
One of the commonest remarks included in the program fragments disclosed by the whistleblower is as follows :
“ These will be artificially adjusted to look closer to the real temperatures . ”
There could scarcely be a plainer admission that the data are being regularly , routinely , materially tampered with , for the sake of making it appear that the proxy data are sufficiently reliable to appear close to the instrumental temperatures .
This is no mere debating point .
The UN ’s climate panel had issued specific warnings against using proxy data ( MXD ) from tree - rings , because warmer weather is not the only reason why tree - rings become wider in some years than in others .
There are at least two other prominent reasons , both of which can – and do – distort the tree - ring data beyond the point where they are useful as indicators of ( or proxies for ) pre-instrumental temperatures .
First , the tree - rings become wider whenever the weather becomes wetter .
Secondly , and of still greater concern , the tree - rings widen when there is more carbon dioxide in the atmosphere .
And there is 40 % more CO2 in the atmosphere today than there was in 1750 .
Yet , as McIntyre and McKitrick had established originally in 2003 , and had published in a leading journal in 2005 , the majority of the data on the basis of which Mann , Bradley and Hughes , and later other members of the Team , had attempted to pretend that there had been no medieval warm period were tree - ring series .
Take out the suspect tree - ring series , together with just one other rogue series , and all the remaining data series establish beyond reasonable doubt that the Middle Ages were truly , materially , and globally warmer than the present .
Scientists with programming knowledge have already begun to examine the computer code that Professor Jones and his colleagues had attempted to hide for so long .
Here is Marc Sheppard ’s selection of three examples of the tortuous sequences of deliberate data tampering that are evident within the program code .
Read the complete report from SPPI here :
For the Full Report in PDF Form , please click here .
Sponsored IT training links :
We offer quality resources for 642-426 exam including 650 - 195 dumps and 640 - 721 practice exam .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Will the iPhone kill love ?
David Brooks thinks twitter has killed romance .
" Across the centuries , " he says , " the moral systems from medieval chivalry to Bruce Springsteen love anthems have worked the same basic way .
They take immediate selfish interests and enmesh them within transcendent , spiritual meanings .
Love becomes a holy cause , an act of self - sacrifice and selfless commitment .
But texting and the utilitarian mind - set are naturally corrosive toward poetry and imagination .
...
In today ’s world , the choice of a Prius can be a more sanctified act than the choice of an erotic partner . "
Matt Yglesias responds by posting an excerpt from Brett Easton Ellis ’s The Rules of Attraction that predates text messages but does n't seem very romantic .
Ellis , however , was an able chronicler of the generation that led to cellphones and text messages , so he might just have been a leading indicator .
This example of the sanctified choice of an erotic power comes from a fairly sanctified , and suitably aged , source : Genesis 38 .
When Judah saw [ Tamar ] , he thought her to be an harlot ; because she had covered her face .
And he turned unto her by the way , and said , Go to , I pray thee , let me come in unto thee ; ( for he knew not that she was his daughter in law . )
And she said , What wilt thou give me , that thou mayest come in unto me ?
And he said , I will send thee a kid from the flock .
And she said , Wilt thou give me a pledge , till thou send it ?
And he said , What pledge shall I give thee ?
And she said , Thy signet , and thy bracelets , and thy staff that is in thine hand .
And he gave it her , and came in unto her , and she conceived by him .[...]
And it came to pass about three months after , that it was told Judah , saying , Tamar thy daughter in law hath played the harlot ; and also , behold , she is with child by whoredom .
And Judah said , Bring her forth , and let her be burnt .
When she was brought forth , she sent to her father in law , saying , By the man , whose these are , am I with child : and she said , Discern , I pray thee , whose are these , the signet , and bracelets , and staff .
And Judah acknowledged them , and said , She hath been more righteous than I ; because that I gave her not to Shelah my son .
And he knew her again no more .
In short , Judah sleeps with an anonymous prostitute in exchange for a young goat , then calls for an old - fashioned burning when he hears his widowed daughter - in - law is pregnant after having sex with men in exchange for young goats ( and other goods , presumably ) , then backs down when he learns that he 's the father .
And where Tamar almost got burnt , Judah 's punishment is that " he knew her " -- which is to say , slept with her -- " no more . "
Also , he becomes the father of twins .
Columns like Brooks 's irk me because they demean not only my lived experiences , but those of everyone I know .
To offer a slightly more modern rebuttal , Sunday was my one - year anniversary with my girlfriend .
A bit more than a year ago , we first met , the sort of short encounter that could easily have slipped by without follow - up .
A year and a week ago , she sent me a friend request on Facebook , which makes it easy to reach out after chance meetings .
A year and five days ago , we were sending tentative jokes back - and - forth .
A year and four days ago , I was steeling myself to step things up to instant messages .
A year and three days ago , we were both watching the “ Iron Chef ” offal episode , and IMing offal puns back - and - forth , which led to our first date .
A year ago today , I was anxiously waiting to leave the office for our second date .
It is not for David Brooks to tell me those IMs lack poetry , or romance .
I treasure them .
Electronic mediums may look limited to him , but that is only because he has never seen his life change within them .
Texting , he says , is naturally corrosive to imagination .
But the failure of imagination here is on Brooks 's part .
Photo credit : By Leah L. Jones / The Washington Post
Mixing jealousy and alcohol is a bad idea .
So is confessing a recent threesome with your roommates to your gun-toting , volatile ex .
Those are but two of the lessons you could draw from a weekend triple homicide in a trailer park on the pinewood fringes of rough and tumble Lufkin .
Raymond Wilson II , 45 , was charged in the slayings of his ex-girlfriend -- 42 - year - old Lisa Zumwalt -- and Sherry Wood , 47 , and 65 - year - old Douglas Wade , the couple with whom Zumwalt had been living .
All three were shot in the head .
" They had had sex without him being there , is what the girlfriend told him on the telephone , " Angelina County Sheriff Kent Henson told The Associated Press .
Wilson was arrested without incident at a relative 's house after a short manhunt and taken to a hospital for treatment for injuries he had sustained in a fight totally unrelated to the triple homicide .
The suspect 's niece Julie Wilson spoke freely to the Lufkin Daily News about the killings .
" I believe he shot them and I believe I was on the phone with him because of the way he was acting .
I could hear hollering in the background .
They were all drunk , " Julie Wilson said .
Wilson told the Daily News that her uncle was a wonderful , compassionate man .
" The person he used to be is the world 's greatest uncle , " she said .
" There 's a lot of stories floating around out here that are n't true .
The man sitting in the back of that car and three deceased people are the only ones who really know what happened . "
Be that as it may , Wilson is currently being held in the Angelina County Jail on three counts of capital murder .
Bond was set at $ 1 million .
We 'll let Julie Wilson have the last word on the tragedy .
" There 's nothing that nobody can say that take it back , that can bring the lives back , can't bring my uncle back , " she told Lufkin 's KLTV .
" So what can be said ?
Another one bites the dust ... "
Smoking causes changes to a person 's genetic code , according to a comprehensive new lung cancer study
Smokers experience one mutation to their DNA for every 15 cigarettes they smoke , according to a study that mapped out the genetic blueprint of a lung cancer patient .
British researchers led the massive international project , which identified 23,000 mutations that bore the expected signs of damage caused by chemicals in tobacco smoke .
All cancers are caused by mistakes in the genetic code - mutations in DNA that can be triggered by environmental agents .
The scientists hope the results will help them understand the causes of cancer and to develop new treatments .
Theyfound the genetic defects ranged from single - letter changes in theperson 's code to deletions or re-arrangements of hundreds of thousandsof letters .
No single mutation stood out as being the primarycause of the disease .
Instead most were ' passenger ' mutations thatappeared to influence the development of cancer only in combination .
Study leader Dr Peter Campbell , from the Wellcome Trust SangerInstitute in Cambridgeshire said : ' The knowledge we extract over thenext few years will have major implications for treatment .
' By identifying all the cancer genes we will be able to develop new drugs that target the specific mutated genes and work out which patients will benefit from these novel treatments . '
Dr Andy Futreal , also from the Wellcome Trust , said : ' Cancers occur when control of cell behaviour is lost - cells grow how , when and where they should n't .
' Mutations in DNA caused by , for example , cigarette smoke are passed on to every subsequent generation of daughter cells , a permanent record of the damage done .
' Like an archaeologist , we can begin to reconstruct the history of the cancer clone - revealing a record of past exposure and accumulated damage in the genome . '
A person 's risk of lung cancer is known to fall to around normal some 15 years after quitting smoking .
Scientists suspect that lung cells containing harmful mutations are replaced by new cells that are clear of defects .
The researchers carried out the sequencing 60 times for lung cancer in order to produce accurate results .
They also mapped the blueprint for melanoma ( a dangerous form of skin cancer ) .
Professor Mike Stratton , joint head of the Cancer Genome Project said : ' These are the two main cancers in the developed world for which we know the primary exposure .
' For lung cancer , it is cigarette smoke and for malignant melanoma it is exposure to sunlight .
With these genome sequences , we have been able to explore deep into the past of each tumour , uncovering with remarkable clarity the imprints of these environmental mutagens on DNA , which occurred years before the tumour became apparent .
' We can also see the desperate attempts of our genome to defend itself against the damage wreaked by the chemicals in cigarette smoke or the damage from ultraviolet radiation .
Our cells fight back furiously to repair the damage , but frequently lose that fight . '
Sir Mark Walport , director of the Wellcome Trust , said : ' We want to drive healthcare through better understanding of the biology of disease .
' This is the first glimpse of the future of cancer medicine , not only in the laboratory , but eventually in the clinic .
The findings from today will feed into knowledge , methods and practice in patient care . '
The team 's results have been published in two papers today in the journal Nature .
Seriously , my redditor went ABOVE AND BEYOND .
He obviously read through many of my posts and got me something that I absolutely love .
Beer !
I 'm a huge microbrew fan and my redditor sent me an awesome package .
My redditor informed me via secret alias name that he flagrantly violated the secret santa rules .
There were a few issues with shipping and then I was sent a UPS tracking number .
I was so excited to see what it was , especially since it weighed nearly 6 lbs .
I opened it up and there was a printout a full page printout of the secret santa reddit alien holding a beer with the words " Part One " .
It was a Lagerhead Black & Tan Turtle ( to make perfect black and tans ) that also funcitons as a bottle opener .
awesome !
I dug a bit further and came across another reddit printout alien with the text " Part Two .
Of two .
For two " .
This was followed by a TON of bubble wrap .
There were 2 Pint glasses from Founders Brewery in Grand Rapids Michigan .
Holy Mother !
I was there just weeks ago on an annual holiday trip and passed on the pint glasses because I was worried about them breaking on me flying back to AZ .
So awesome .
Then I peeled back some more bubble wrap .
BEER !!
REAL BEER !
A bottle of Founder 's Breakfast Stout and Founder 's Pale Ale .
I can now make a premier ( and I mean PREMIER ) black and tan with some phenomenal beer .
Even after all this , my wife and I blown away , there was a note telling me to enjoy it with my new bride ( I had made a post about me getting married a couple months ago ) and some other really nice touches .
All in all , I cannot believe the generosity from my secret santa redditor .
Thank you oh so much , you really made this whole experience awesome .
CHEERS !
Welcome to the UC Davis Soil Resource Laboratory .
Our research covers many aspects of soil science including :
Soil genesis and morphology
Rangeland soils
Hydropedology
Water quality and constructed wetlands
Soil - landscape relationships and modeling
Watershed - scale digital soil mapping and quantitative pedology
Repackaging soil survey into interactive decision support tools
Soil survey related outreach , including one of the first online soil surveys , SoilWeb
For more information about the people in our lab , please click on the " People " link at the top of the page .
The content on this website is frequently updated .
Please utilize our RSS feeds to stay informed of progress .
Here is a list of RSS aggregator software packages .
National Geographic offers some stunning , professional - quality wallpaper photos , but only as individual downloads .
If you 're a frequent wallpaper switcher , or like background variety , a simple command line script makes it easy to grab them all .
Advertisement
Update : Windows users , you can now accomplish this with even less hassle using the NatGeo Wallpaper Downloader .
Advertisement
In Linux ( and , presumably , Mac's terminal ) , the two scripts offered by the Web Upd8 are easy enough to run .
Download either natgeo2008.sh for National Geographic 's 2008 photography contest selections , or natgeo2009.sh for 2009 .
Make the script able to run by entering chmod a+x natgeo2009.sh ( or substitute for 2008 ) , then move it to a folder where you want the downloads to appear .
Run the script ( ./natgeo2009.sh or something similar , in most cases ) , and you 'll get your downloads — 226 for 2008 , 170 in 2009 .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Update : Readers are telling us that the script does n't quite work in a default Mac installation .
Luckily , reader Daniel re-wrote them for basic Mac use and sent them along .
Thanks Daniel !
Find the scripts below , and use them just like the Linux scripts above ( though substituting chmod +x if a+x does n't fly ) .
The 2008 wallpapers have variable resolutions you can grab , while 2009 comes in at 1600 pixels wide .
For details on customizing the scripts to grab different resolutions , hit the Web Upd8 link .
Windows users can still pull off this script by installing and setting up Cygwin .
Advertisement
Automatically Download All The Wallpapers From National Geographic ( Almost 500 Wallpapers ) [ Web Upd8 ]
Allosaurus skeleton made by Robert J. Lang from 16 uncut squares of Wyndstone ' Marble ' paper .
Size : 24 inches .
Image courtesy Robert J. Lang .
When I was nine I was an origami master .
I had a friend called Kim , who was visiting England for a year from Japan .
While I showed Kim some of the fun things to do in England , she taught me all sorts of cool Japanese things , from drawing Manga cartoons to making sushi .
Of course , another thing she taught me was origami — and one afternoon she taught me how to make a paper crane .
From that moment on , I was the greatest origami master in the world .
Or so I thought .
It was another fifteen years before I realised that I was n't , and in fact never had been anything close to an origami master .
Surprisingly , I was n't the only one to have made this mistake .
There were undoubtedly many artists throughout history who genuinely believed that they had produced the best , most complicated origami models possible .
In fact , it was n't until well into the 20th century , with the rise of computers , that origami really took off .
A short history of Origami
Although origami is nowadays synonymous with Japan , the first recorded reference to it comes from China , where paper was first produced around 200 AD as a cheap alternative to silk .
The art of Chinese paper folding was known as Zhezhi and was brought with paper to Japan in the 6th century by Chinese Buddhist monks .
Pegasus made by Robert J. Lang from one uncut square of Korean hanji paper .
Size : 7 inches .
Image courtesy Robert J. Lang .
Origami took off in Japan from then onwards .
The Japanese word " origami " itself is a compound of two smaller Japanese words : " ori " , meaning fold , and " gami " , meaning paper , and the art was ( and still is ) a popular pastime for Japanese children for many centuries .
And so it may have remained , were it not for a Japanese factory worker called Akira Yoshizawa , who was born in 1911 to the family of a dairy farmer .
Akira took pleasure in origami when he was a child , and like most children , he gradually stopped as he grew older and found new things to occupy his time .
However , unlike most children , he re-kindled his relationship with origami when he was in his early 20s .
He had taken a job in a factory , teaching junior employees geometry , and he realised that origami would be a simple and effective way of teaching his students about angles , lines and shapes .
As Yoshizawa practiced more and more , he developed some pioneering techniques such as " wet folding " , which allowed much more intricate patterns and even curves to be formed out of a single sheet of paper .
His work launched an origami renaissance , with his new techniques turning origami from an oddity into an art form .
As more and more complex origami patterns were designed , the art began to receive interest from mathematicians , who had the same idea as Yoshizawa — there was a huge cross -over between paper - folding and geometry .
The mathematical study of origami eventually led to a new approach to two problems that had their roots in a different culture , on a different continent , many , many years earlier .
Euclid 's elements
Euclid of Alexandria was a Greek mathematician who lived over 2000 years ago , and is often called the father of geometry .
Euclid 's book The Elements is the most successful textbook in the history of mathematics , and the earliest known systematic discussion of geometry .
Euclid knew that by using a straight - edge and compass ( a straight - edge is like a ruler without markings ) , it was possible to perform a large number of geometric operations , like drawing a pentagon , a hexagon and a circle .
This was widely known at the time , and Euclid being able to do this was by no means unusual .
However , what Euclid did that no - one else had done before , was to take a systematic approach to geometry .
Every geometric construction and every mathematical result in The Elements was derived step - by - step from a set of five assumptions , which include the basic operations that are possible with straight - edge and compass :
Given any two points , one can draw a straight line between them ;
Any line segment can be extended indefinitely ;
Given a point and a line segment starting at the point , one can describe a circle with the given point as its centre and the given line segment as its radius ;
All right angles are equal to each other ;
Given a line and a point P that is not on the line , there is one and only one line through P that never meets the original line .
Hummingbird & trumpet vine made from multiple sheets of Korean hanji paper , wire , and wood .
Size : 15 inches .
Image courtesy Robert J. Lang .
The assumptions , known as Euclid 's axioms , seem obvious , and indeed Euclid himself presumed them to be so obvious as to be self - evident .
But their beauty lies in the fact that they can be used to construct geometric proofs of theorems that are immensely more complex than the axioms themselves .
But there are also limitations to Euclidean geometry .
Two of the most famous problems of antiquity were the trisection of the angle ( dividing a given angle into three equal parts ) and the doubling of the cube ( constructing a cube which has exactly twice the volume of a given cube ) .
According to legend , the citizens of ancient Delos were faced with the latter problem when the oracle at Delphi advised them to double the volume of their altar , in order to avert the plague .
This , however , proved impossible using only Euclid 's straight - edge and compass methods , and the same goes for angle trisection .
But it turns out that both problems can be solved using origami !
So we are left with the astounding possibility that origami geometry is more powerful than Euclidean geometry .
The genius of origami
Just as Euclid devised axioms for planar geometry , the modern mathematicians Humiaki Huzita and Koshiro Hatori devised a complete set of axioms to describe origami geometry — the Huzita–Hatori axioms ( click here to skip the axioms and see the rest of the article ) :
Axiom 1 : Given two points and , there is a unique fold that passes through both of them .
Axiom 2 : Given two points and , there is a unique fold that places onto .
Axiom 3 : Given two lines and , there is a fold that places onto .
Axiom 4 : Given a point and a line , there is a unique fold perpendicular to that passes through point .
Axiom 5 : Given two points and and a line , there is a fold that places onto and passes through .
Axiom 6 : Given two points and and two lines and , there is a fold that places onto and onto .
Axiom 7 : Given one point and two lines and , there is a fold that places onto and is perpendicular to .
Trisecting the angle
The seventh axiom is the key to both trisecting an angle and doubling the cube .
Let 's start with the angle construction .
By following the steps outlined below , it is possible to see how these simple axioms can enable the folder to perform an operation which eluded Euclid .
( Diagrams courtesy Robert J. Lang . )
Draw the desired angle PBC so that point B is in the corner of a square of paper .
Make a horizontal fold anywhere across the square , defining a line EF .
Fold line BC up to line EF and unfold , creating line GH .
Fold bottom left corner up so that point E touches line BP and point B touches line GH .
With the corner still up , fold both layers to continue the crease that ends at point G
all the way to J , then unfold .
Unfold corner B . Fold along the crease that runs to
point J , extending it to point B . Fold the bottom edge BC up to line BJ and unfold .
The two creases BJ and BK divide the original angle
PBC into three equal parts .
Giving this a go yourself will probably convince you that the technique works , but for the skeptical , here is a proof .
( NB : This method works for any angle less than 90° .
There are other methods that work for larger angles . )
Doubling the cube
Suppose you 're given a cube of side length and volume .
Your task is to find the side length of the cube which has volume .
Here 's how to do this using origami .
( Diagrams courtesy Robert J. Lang . )
Make a small fold half way up the right side of the paper .
Make a crease connecting points A
and C and another connecting B and E .
Only make them sharp where
they cross each other .
Fold the top edge down horizontally
to touch the crease intersection and unfold .
Then fold the bottom edge up to touch with the new crease and unfold .
Fold corner C to lie on line AB while point I lies on line FG .
Point C divides edge AB into segments .
Work out the ratio AC / CB and multiply this by the side length s 1 of the initial cube : the result is the side length s 2 you are looking for .
In case you 're in doubt , here is a proof that this technique works as well .
It 's all in the third degree
So what is it about origami that gives it the power to solve these two classic problems ?
The answer lies in the fact that both problems come down to solving a cubic equation .
In the case of the cube , you 're looking for the side length so that
whereis the volume of the given cube .
Since , whereis the side length of the given cube , we havewhich in turn means that Since you know , it 's reallyyou 're after .
And this is presicely the number we found in the construction above .
An arbitrary angle can be trisected using trigonometry : writing and applying the trigonometric formula for the cosine of a sum of two angles , you get
NowandSubstituting this into the equation above and simplifying givesSolving this cubic gives the possible values offrom which you can work out
It turns out that origami can not only solve the two cubic equations attached to our two problems above , but any cubic equation , that is any equation of the form
Computational origami
for some , and .
( You can find out how to do this on Kashiro Hatori 's website . )
And while Euclid 's methods can solveequations geometrically using only straight - edge and compass , they can't solve cubic ones .
One of the pioneers of modern maths - based origami is Robert J. Lang , an American mathematician and origami artist .
In 1989 , Lang wrote an article for the magazine Engineering & Science , in which he asked whether a computer could some day design an origami model deemed superior to those designed by humans .
It was a question that so intrigued him that in 1990 he set out to write a computer program that could do just that .
From left : Crease pattern formed by TreeMaker , the resulting base , and the finished model .
Image courtesy Robert J. Lang .
Within several months , Lang had produced the first version of a piece of software he called TreeMaker ( thus called because the figures he used as starting points resembled trees ) .
The program was able to convert a simple line drawing , or stick figure , into a plan for a paper base from which a model could be folded .
In this context a base is a geometric shape that contains flaps corresponding to all of the appendages of the origami model .
So a crane , with two wings , a tail and a head is formed from a base with four flaps , while an insect , with six legs , a head and an abdomen , is formed from a base with eight flaps .
Rattlesnake made from one uncut rectangle of Thai unryu paper .
Size : 8 inches .
Image courtesy Robert J. Lang .
At first , TreeMaker was , in Lang 's own words , " little more than a mathematical curiosity " .
However , over the next eight years , as Lang 's understanding of crease patterns grew , he added algorithms to the program .
By 1998 , TreeMaker was capable of constructing the full crease pattern for a wide variety of origami bases .
Today , Lang has a collection of thousands of origami sculptures .
While not all of these have been designed with the aid of TreeMaker , some of his most complicated designs would have been impossible without it .
Images of his creations are dispersed trough this article .
Origami technology
While some of the designs by Lang and others are truly astounding , it is easy to dismiss origami as simply art : beautiful but without application in the real world .
It comes as somewhat of a surprise , then , to learn that origami techniques are being employed in technologies ranging from space telescopes to car airbags .
Irish elk made from one uncut square of Korean hanji paper .
Size : 9 inches .
Image courtesy Robert J. Lang .
Ever since the Hubble Space Telescope was launched into orbit by the space shuttle Discovery in 1990 , space scientists have been working on its eventual successor .
Not one to be accused of a lack of ambition , Roderick Hyde of the Diffractive Optics Group at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in Livermore , California , put forward the idea of building a telescope forty times larger than Hubble .
The Hubble telescope itself is no small contraption , at 13 metres long and with an aperture of 2.4 metres .
The telescope Hyde was proposing would have an aperture of nearly 100 metres , and would be hundreds of metres long .
Immediately this posed a logistical problem : even if such a thing could be designed , how would it get into orbit ?
The answer came when the researchers realised that it might be possible to construct a foldable lens which could be packed into a space shuttle .
The distance between the two ends of the telescope could simply be achieved by placing two lenses in orbit at a suitable distance from each other , where a lack of gravitational force would allow them to stay .
Immediately seeing the link with paper folding , the lab contacted Robert J. Lang to ask for his expert opinion .
Over the course of the following year , and with Lang 's help , the lab team constructed a prototype called Eyeglass , which is five metres in diameter .
Hubble 's actual successor , the James Webb Space Telescope to be launched in 2013 , does have a mirror that folds up origami - style to be put into a rocket .
For an application closer to home , the development of automobile airbags provides another example of how origami is used .
Before an airbag inflates during a crash , it is folded tightly into a compartment within the steering wheel or dashboard .
Engineers designing airbags start by modelling the inflation process on computers .
In order to do this , they need an algorithm by which to " fold " the fully inflated airbag .
Using an algorithm from his computer program TreeMaker , Lang was able to provide engineers from the German company EASi Engineering with a solution for their folding problem .
This was essentially to represent the airbag as a series of polygons , whose edges remained aligned during and after folding — a task that could be achieved with a detailed fold pattern like those Lang was using for his origami models .
A master of origami
For an art that is as old as paper itself , origami has taken an astonishingly long time to reach its potential .
Today there are hundreds of other applications being discovered , from helping to build self - assembling robots to providing clues as to how proteins fold into precise three dimensional shapes in the human body .
It has taken nearly two thousand years and the birth of the computer to realise just how much is possible , and Lang 's creations are testament to just how far we have come .
Praying mantis made from one uncut square of paper .
Size : 4 inches .
Image courtesy Robert J. Lang .
The incredible applications of origami have well and truly put an end to my early illusions of grandeur , and the belief that I had conquered the world of origami at nine years old with a paper crane .
However , for the origami novice , the delight of discovering that you can make such an elegantly simple form from a single sheet of paper and a few folds can make anyone think that they are an origami master .
Go on , I urge you to try it — I guarantee you 'll be hooked .
About the author
Liz has a biology degree and is currently studying for a Masters in Science Communication at UWE in Bristol .
She also worked for a wildlife television company , and in her spare time she enjoys watching Hollyoaks and playing with creepy crawlies .
ON THE NECROCARD : ANYONE FOR SEX AFTER DEATH ?
As I 've got older I 've found my thoughts fixed increasingly firmly on the big issues that fascinate anyone whose mind has a philosophical bent , that is to say sex and death .
Since I wished to address the relationship between these two issues , I decided to issue donor cards enabling those who carried them to leave their body for sexual experimentation .
Getting the art work together was n't a problem , I simply copied the design of NHS donor cards but changed the wording .
My necrocards carried the legends ' I support sexual liberation ' and ' I want to help others experiment sexually after my death ' .
The first two printers I approached refused to do the job .
One of them told me later that if they 'd realised the card was a joke and that I was n't a necrophile , they 'd have printed it for me .
Having finally found a printer who'd take my money , the next problem was distribution .
On the whole this proved easier than I 'd imagined .
I 'd offer someone a necrocard and they 'd ask for a dozen so that they could circulate them among their friends .
The response was enthusiastic , writer and musician Bill Drummond told me he'd keep his necrocard in his wallet next to his organ donor card saying , ' I fancy being buggered on the way to having my kidneys whipped out . '
A few days after I 'd collected the cards from the printer , I got an urgent phone call .
One of the machine minders at the press had given a card to a friend who was a warden in an AIDS hospice .
Now everyone the warden worked with wanted a card , so could I bring some in for him .
However , the response to the necrocards was n't entirely positive .
Walking down Charing Cross Road
I was stopped by a woman of thirty who asked me if I 'd take a flyer for a music bar .
I agreed to take a flyer if she 'd take one of my cards .
Once we 'd done our exchange and the woman had read what I 'd handed her she started screaming .
Eventually a guy with whom she was working came and took the card from her .
He seemed as bemused as I was by her hysterical reaction .
But I left him to comfort her .
A girl I handed a card at an art opening told me I was sick and that I should n't make jokes about necrophilia .
Of course the cards are humorous and while they are n't legally binding , they do make a serious point .
As far as I can see , if sex is consensual then there is no reason for there being legal sanctions against it .
To be honest if I was given the opportunity to have sex with a stiff , I 'd probably pass it up .
However , if prior to their death someone has given their consent to necrophiliac sex , then I do n't really see what moral objections can be raised against it .
One of the things that makes the world an interesting place is a wide variety of sexual tastes .
People should be free to experiment sexually as long as this is done with the consent of those they are shagging .
Not accepting this principle has serious implications for those practising sado - masochism .
A good deal of sexual bigotry is still sanctioned by law .
It should go without saying that consent is only possible when all those partaking in a sexual act enjoy social equality .
Given the power differentials between adults and children , paedophilia can never be consensual and thus it should be condemned as an utterly unacceptable and inappropriate form of behaviour .
I encountered several individuals who were clearly alarmed by the fact that my necrocards used humour to raise these serious issues .
Several people said they thought the cards should either be serious or a joke , not both .
I received some particularly hostile responses from individuals involved in the fetish scene who seemed concerned that I was n't treating sexual deviation with the reverence it deserved .
One woman done up in gothic gear and make - up that glamorised death wanted to know who was behind the necrocards .
She was unable to accept that I 'd knocked up the art work and got the necrocards printed simply because I felt like it .
This S/M
Goth convinced herself that I was fronting for some sinister operation that wanted to entice her into a honey - trap .
If the printer had n't accidentally produced thousands more necrocards than I 'd ordered I might well have got rid of the lot without encountering any criticism .
In the wake of repressive police actions such as Operation Spanner I can understand why none of the sex shops I approached wanted to take the cards .
Nevertheless , I wish those actively commodifying sex did n't feel so inhibited about getting involved with anything that comes from outside a very restricted range of polymorphously perverse pursuits .
I was more surprised that certain radical booksellers were reluctant to take necrocards .
Ordinary capitalists did n't seem to have any problems with them .
A businessman I met in a Soho bar when I was handing out necrocards asked for a bundle because he thought they'd go down well with customers in the restaurants he owed .
In fact , having found it so easy to give away fifty thousand necrocards I can see that I 've made a terrible mistake .
With a few classified ads announcing ' amaze your friends with the sickest novelty item of all time ' , I could have sold the lot in batches of five at a quid a shot .
While I would n't want to have sex with a stiff , I 'm obviously not alone in fantasising about getting shagged after I 've popped my clogs .
If you have n't got a necrocard , you simply wo n't get a proper send off !
The businessmen who purloined batches of cards from me must have thought I was a complete mug .
I could have made a tidy profit from this hot item .
First published in Pure # 1 April 1999 .
Occulture
Scientists at the U.S. Department of Energy's ( DOE ) Argonne National Laboratory and Northwestern University , Evanston , have discovered that common bacteria can turn microgears when suspended in a solution , providing insights for design of bio- inspired dynamically adaptive materials for energy .
" The gears are a million times more massive than the bacteria , " said physicist and principal investigator Igor Aronson .
" The ability to harness and control the power of bacterial motions is an important requirement for further development of hybrid biomechanical systems driven by microorganisms . "
The microgears with slanted spokes , produced in collaboration with Northwestern University , are placed in the solution along with common aerobic bacteria , Bacillus subtilis .
Andrey Sokolov of Princeton University and Igor Aronson from Argonne , along with Bartosz A. Grzybowski and Mario M. Apodaca from Northwestern University , discovered that the bacteria appear to swim around the solution randomly , but occasionally the organisms will collide with the spokes of the gear and begin turning it in a definite direction .
A few hundred bacteria are working together in order to turn the gear .
When multiple gears are placed in the solution with the spokes connected like in a clock , the bacteria will begin turning both gears in opposite directions and it will cause the gears to rotate in synchrony for a long time .
" There exists a wide gap between man-made hard materials and living tissues ; biological materials , unlike steel or plastics , are " alive . "
Biomaterials , such as live skin or tissue , consume energy of the nutrients to self - repair and adapt to their environment , " Aronson said .
" Our discovery demonstrates how microscopic swimming agents , such as bacteria or man-made nanorobots , in combination with hard materials can constitute a ' smart material ' which can dynamically alter its microstructures , repair damage , or power microdevices . "
The speed at which the gears turn can also be controlled through the manipulation of oxygen in the suspended liquid .
The bacteria need oxygen in order to swim and by decreasing the amount of oxygen available , they will begin to slow down .
If you eliminate the oxygen completely , the bacteria go into a type of " sleep " and stop completely .
Once the oxygen is reintroduced into the system , the bacteria " wake up " and begin swimming once again .
A paper on this subject is published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Still Hiding the Decline
by Steve McIntyre
Even in their Nov 24 , 2009 statement , the University of East Anglia failed to come clean about the amount of decline that was hidden .
The graphic in their statement continued to “ hide the decline ” in the Briffa reconstruction by deleting adverse results in the last part of the 20th century .
This is what Gavin Schmidt characterizes as a “ good thing to do ” .
First here is the Nov 2009 diagram offered up by UEA :
Figure 1 . Resized UEA version of Nov 2009 , supposedly “ showing the decline ” .
Original here ,
Here ’s what UEA appears to have done in the above diagram .
While they ’ve used the actual Briffa reconstruction after 1960 in making their smooth , even now , they deleted values after 1960 so that the full measure of the decline of the Briffa reconstruction is hidden .
Deleted values are shown in magenta .
Source code is below .
Figure 2 . Emulation of UEA Nov 2009 , using all the Briffa reconstruction .
R SOURCE CODE :
##COMPARE ARCHIVED BRIFFA VERSION TO CLIMATEGATE VERSION
# 1. LOAD BRIFFA ( CLIMATEGATE VERSION ) # archive is truncated in 1960 : ftp://ftp.ncdc.noaa.gov/pub/data/paleo/treering/reconstructions/n_hem_temp/briffa2001jgr3.txt ”
loc= ” http://www.eastangliaemails.com/emails.php?eid=146&filename=939154709.txt” working=readLines(loc,n=1994-1401+104 ) working=working [ 105:length( working ) ] x=substr ( working ,1,14 ) writeLines(x , ” temp.dat ” ) gate=read.table ( “ temp.dat ” ) gate=ts ( gate [ , 2] , start=gate [ 1,1 ] )
# 2. J98 has reference 1961 - 1990 # note that there is another version at ftp://ftp.ncdc.noaa.gov/pub/data/paleo/contributions_by_author/jones1998/jonesdata.txt ”
loc= ” ftp://ftp.ncdc.noaa.gov/pub/data/paleo/contributions_by_author/jones2001/jones2001_fig2.txt ” test=read.table(loc,skip=17,header=TRUE ,fill=TRUE,colClasses=”numeric ” , nrow=1001 ) test [ test== - 9.999 ] =NA count= apply (!is.na ( test ) , 1, sum ) test=ts ( test , start=1000 ,end=2000 ) J2001=test [ , " Jones " ]
# 3. MBH : reference 1902-1980 url<-" ftp://ftp.ncdc.noaa.gov/pub/data/paleo/contributions_by_author/mann1999/recons/nhem-recon.dat "
MBH99 <- read.table ( url ) ;# this goes to 1980 MBH99 < - ts ( MBH99 [ ,2] , start=MBH99[ 1,1 ] )
# 4. CRU instrumental : 1961 -1990 reference # use old version to 1997 in Briffa archive extended url <-" ftp://ftp.ncdc.noaa.gov/pub/data/paleo/treering/reconstructions/n_hem_temp/briffa2001jgr3.txt " # readLines ( url ) [ 1:50 ] Briffa<- read.table(url , skip=24 , fill=TRUE ) Briffa [ Briffa < - 900 ] =NA dimnames ( Briffa ) [ [ 2 ] ] < - c( " year " , " Jones98 " , " MBH99 " , " Briffa01 " , " Briffa00 " , " Overpeck97 " , " Crowley00 " , " CRU99 " ) Briffa= ts ( Briffa , start=1000 ) CRU=window ( Briffa[ , " CRU " ] , start=1850 ) tsp( CRU ) # 1850 1999 # but starts 1871 and ends 1997 delta<- mean ( CRU [ ( 1902:1980 ) - 1850 ] ) - mean( CRU [ ( 1960:1990 ) - 1850 ] ) ; delta # - 0.118922 #used to get MBH values with 1961 - 1990 reference : compare to 0.12 mentioned in Climategate letters
# get updated version of CRU to update 1998 and 1999 values loc= " http://hadobs.metoffice.com/crutem3/diagnostics/hemispheric/northern/annual " D=read.table ( loc ) # dim ( D ) # 158 12 # start 1850 names ( D ) =c ( " year " , " anom " , " u_sample " , " l_sample " , " u_coverage " , " l_coverage " , " u_bias " , " l_bias " , " u_sample_cover " , " l_sample_cover " , " u_total " , " l_total " ) cru=ts ( D [ , 2 ] , start=1850 ) tsp( cru ) # 1850 2009
# update 1998 - 1999 values with 1998 values CRU [ ( 1998:1999 ) - 1849 ] = rep( cru [ ( 1998 ) - 1849 ]
,
2 )
# Fig 2.21 Caption
# The horizontal zero line denotes the 1961 to 1990 reference #period mean temperature .
All series were smoothed with a 40 - year Hamming - weights lowpass filter , with boundary constraints # imposed by padding the series with its mean values during the first and last 25 years .
# this is a low - pass filter source ( " http://www.climateaudit.org/scripts/utilities.txt " ) # get filter.combine.pad function hamming.filter<-function( N ) { i < - 0 :( N - 1 ) w < - cos( 2* pi*i/( N- 1 ) ) hamming .
filter <-0.54 – 0.46 * w hamming.filter<-hamming.filter/sum(hamming.filter ) hamming.filter } f=function(x ) filter.combine.pad(x ,a=hamming.filter ( 40 ) , M=25 ) [ , 2 ]
## WMO Figure at CRU # http://www.uea.ac.uk/mac/comm/media/press/2009/nov/homepagenews/CRUupdate # WMO : http://www.uea.ac.uk/polopoly_fs/1.138392!imageManager/1009061939.jpg # 2009 : http://www.uea.ac.uk/polopoly_fs/1.138393!imageManager/4052145227.jpg
X=ts.union( MBH=MBH99+delta,J2001 ,briffa=briffa[ , " gate " ] , CRU=cru ) # collate Y=data.frame ( X ) ; year=c( time ( X ) ) sapply ( Y , function ( x ) range ( year [!is.na ( x ) ] ) ) # MBH J2001 briffa CRU # [ 1 , ]
1000 1000 1402 1850 # [ 2 , ]
1980 1991 1994 2009
smoothb= ts ( apply ( Y , 2 , f ) , start=1000 )
xlim0=c(1000,2000 ) # xlim0=c( 1900,2000 ) ylim0=c (-.6,.35 ) par( mar=c ( 2.5,4,2,1 ) ) col.ipcc=c ( " blue " , " red " , " green4 " , " black " )
par ( bg= " beige " ) plot ( c( time ( smoothb ) ) , smoothb[,1] ,col=col.ipcc , lwd=2 , bg=" beige " , xlim=xlim0 , xaxs= " i " , ylim=ylim0 , yaxs= " i " , type= " n " , axes=FALSE , xlab= " " , ylab = " deg C ( 1961-1990 ) " ) usr 1960 points ( c( time ( smoothb ) ) [ temp ] , smoothb [temp , " briffa " ] , pch=19 , cex=.7 , col=” magenta ” )
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Metro
Pastor Donnie McClurkin
- We love you brother and in ways the traditional church cannot because we understand your pain .
You are not a man who loves men because of being molested as a child .
That grave and despicable tragedy broke your spirit and damaged your mind ; however it did not have the capacity to change your DNA .
There is so much love in our community for you .
We want to see you healed and whole .
Whenever you are ready , come home and we 'll love you until it does n't hurt anymore .
That 's how we do !
THERE is an angry core of Australian men who use cyberspace as the latest forum to unload on how women have done them wrong
A few weeks ago we ran a column on The Punch website , examining their emergence .
The piece documented
how even those columns with the most innocent subject matter , such as breast cancer , maternity leave , child care
or body image become a vehicle whereby crotchety men can bemoan the apparent neglect of men's health issues , the economic pressures faced by single dads and the raw deal they get from the courts .
The article had the unsurprising effect of attracting , well , an angry core of Australian men who use cyberspace as a forum to unload on how women have done them wrong .
There was a depressingly pertinent example of this mindset this week and it's worth pinging the perpetrators over it , as it demonstrated all the nonsensical self - pity of the men- are - victims - too brigade .
Bizarrely enough , the target of their anger this time was White Ribbon Day - you know , the wildly radical outfit that believes it 's wrong to hit women , which argues that the overwhelming majority of victims of physical violence in the home are women , and that women are more likely to be sent to hospital or killed as a result of domestic violence .
Yes , the same apparently sinister organisation that believes it is appropriate that boys and young men should have their thinking challenged at a deliberately early age on the subject of how they treat girls and young women .
Let me be clear .
The White Ribbon Day people argue those things because they are actually true .
They advocate education programs for young blokes because the best way to address bad thinking is to nip it in the bud .
But it was White Ribbon Day that copped a clip over the ear from the Men's Rights Agency , which is the closest thing we have to an American - style woe - is - us men 's movement in Australia .
I 'm not sure how they do their sums but they claim that the domestic violence figures - official government statistics , no less - used by White Ribbon Day organisers have been exaggerated by 400 per cent and that one in every three victims of domestic violence is a man .
There is no evidence provided by the Men's Rights Agency to back up this claim of one in three , unless by domestic violence they are also counting psychological violence of the " For
God 's sake , honey , will you stop watching the footy and just mow the bloody lawn " variety .
Their distortion of the stats is one thing .
However , if they want to suggest that 33.3 per cent of domestic violence victims are called Nige and Bazza , and are hiding in the broom cupboard begging for mercy as the little lady gives them the rounds of the kitchen , sensible people will see it for the crock that it is .
But their continuing attempts to win a cheap headline and deter government from financing childhood education projects through White Ribbon Day should be deplored .
Parents are reporting their concerns when their sons come home wearing the WR wristband and then begin asking questions , which suggest the boys fear their future will be one of violence , the Men 's Rights Agency said this week .
The MRA says there is no excuse for the intrusion of the White Ribbon message into our schools , particularly with their brand of over - exaggeration
of male violence and denial of violence by females .
Setting aside the fact that there 's no such thing as an over - exaggeration , it would be nice if the Men 's Rights people could line up this army of angry families who are appalled by this innocent educational gesture and , while they 're at it , maybe they can also wheel out those long - suffering men for whom home is a place of terror .
Otherwise , we should just recognise it for the cant that it is .
David Penberthy is editor of The Punch website and a former editor of the Daily Telegraph newspaper
Originally published as White Ribbon Day in forums ' sight
First - year Rep. Aaron Schock ( R - Ill . ) angered Democrats on Wednesday by standing next to the table where party leaders monitor votes , giving the impression he was trying to eavesdrop on their conversations during a close roll call to increase the debt limit , POLITICO ’s Patrick O’Connor reports .
During the vote , Schock , the youngest member of the House , loitered a few feet away from the computer where leaders watch votes as they ’re tallied in the chamber ’s voting machines , Democratic aides said .
Both parties have computers embedded in tables on the House floor , where staffers monitor roll call votes .
Eavesdropping or simply hovering near the opposition ’s table is apparently a big no - no — and rarely happens .
But apparently a few Democrats thought the youthful Illinois Republican was an aide .
But this is all news to Schock .
“ This is ridiculous ! ” he told Shenanigans .
“ I think it ’s funny .
Clearly , they must think I ’m more important than I am . ”
Schock says he was standing in the aisle “ going through my BlackBerry ” — and that if someone “ would have come up and said something , I would have moved . ”
When his aides told him he was being accused of snooping , he laughed .
“ Snooping ?
On what ?
I do n’t even get it . ”
And , he said , the loitering is mutual : “ I went over to our whip desk and asked if there was some protocol , and they said , ‘ No , look ! ’ and there were a ton of Democrats on our side , by our whip desk . ”
So , you were n’t taking any credible information from the other side ?
“ I did n’t know there was credible information , ” he laughed .
“ I ’m on our whip team , so I go around and ask people if they ’re voting yes or no , but it ’s no secret .
Our computers are the same as their computers ” in terms of the information being pulled up .
“ The last place you do secret meetings is on the floor , ” he added .
“ They ’re going to send the freshman guy over there ? ”
Reporter Michelle Lang of the Calgary Herald was among five Canadians killed by a bomb in Afghanistan on Wednesday .
( Calgary Herald )
Five Canadians — four soldiers and a Calgary Herald reporter — were killed in a bomb blast Wednesday in Afghanistan .
Brig.- Gen. Daniel Ménard said a Canadian civilian was also wounded in the attack at about 4 p.m. local time .
Ménard said the group 's armoured vehicle was struck by an improvised explosive device in the city of Kandahar .
The attack came during a community security patrol to gather information on the pattern of life and maintain security in the area .
" The journalist was travelling with them to tell the story of what Canada 's soldiers are doing in Afghanistan , " he said .
Ménard said the military is notifying the families of the soldiers and more information will be provided once this has been completed .
" On behalf of all Canadians , the prime minister offers his most sincere condolences to the loved ones of those who lost their lives in Afghanistan earlier today , " the Prime Minister 's Office said in a statement .
" While not regularly the subject of news , those journalists who risk their lives reporting alongside the men and women of the Canadian Forces in one of the most dangerous regions in the world should not be forgotten , " said spokesman Dimitri Soudas .
The journalist was identified as Michelle Lang of the Calgary Herald .
Lang , 34 , grew up in Vancouver and was a respected health reporter for the Herald , winning a National Newspaper Award in 2008 for best beat reporting .
She had also worked in Regina , Moose Jaw and Prince George .
Reporter mourned by friends , colleagues
Friends said Lang , who was recently engaged and planned to marry next summer , was bright with a sharp tongue and quick wit .
" She came across as sweet and quiet — but could bring a room down with laughter with one observation , " one friend said .
" She was a fabulous friend : kind , loyal , thoughtful .
No number of adjectives can describe her talent , her charm or the hole she leaves in the lives of those close to her . "
CBC reporter James Murray , who is stationed in Afghanistan , said : " She was the kind of journalist you would want to have here .
She was kind and decent and curious .
" She 'd been in Afghanistan for just a few weeks and she had spent a lot of that time in the field , bravely going and putting on a helmet and body armour and going where the Canadian soldiers go , seeing what they did , giving a first - hand account of the Canadian mission in Afghanistan .
" And reporting in that way has cost her her life . "
Lorne Motley , the Calgary Herald 's editor in chief , said Lang 's death has devastated her colleagues at the newspaper .
" This has been a really tough day here , probably the blackest day I can remember in the recent history of the Calgary Herald , " Motley said .
" Above her journalism she was kind - hearted and warm and great .
Just one of those people you can love .
She was professionally at the top of her craft . "
Canadian Brig.- Gen. Daniel Ménard , top commander in Kandahar , announces the deaths of four soldiers and a Calgary Herald reporter .
(( Colin Perkel / Canadian Press ) )
The huge blast occurred just 1,500 metres from the Dand district centre , which Canadian soldiers helped rebuild after a suicide bombing in April .
Witnesses described panic among local residents , as Canadian soldiers rushed to secure the area and airlift the blast victims to medical care .
Nevertheless , Ménard declared that Dand remained a " safe area " and expressed confidence that this was an isolated incident .
The deaths of the five Canadians came a week after Lt. Andrew Nuttall was killed by an explosive device near the village of Nakhonay , about 25 kilometres southwest of Kandahar city .
It was the worst single day for Canadian casualties in Afghanistan since six soldiers were killed on July 4 , 2007 , when their large armoured vehicle struck a roadside bomb about 20 kilometres southwest of Kandahar .
Since 2002 , when Canada started sending soldiers to Afghanistan , 138 of them have been killed , as well as four Canadian civilians .
Lang was the first Canadian journalist killed while covering the conflict .
Seven journalists from other countries have also died .
The attack happened the same day eight Americans were killed in an attack on a military base in the eastern province of Khost .
IINET vs AFACT
i Tnews brings you daily coverage from the Federal Court in Sydney .
The results of this landmark case will determine if service providers are responsible for the content distributed on their networks .
Click
for your version of An Owned Life .
Society has a way of " brainwashing " us into determining what we need to believe .
It establishes what is considered normal , thus creating what is also not normal .
We find this in every aspect of life .
The truth is , our lives are here to be created as we see fit .
The BDSM lifestyle is considered an " alternative " approach .
This simply means that it is not mainstream .
However , I feel that more people practice BDSM then do not .
While I will grant most are not into total power exchange , the majority experiment with spanking , tying each other up , and other sex games .
This all is a form of BDSM .
Therefore , what society promotes is not necessarily the truth .
Forging your own life involves breaking free from the conditioning that is so powerful within our different cultures .
We are taught from a young age to believe certain things that " they " feel is in our best interest .
Sadly , it often is not .
Having the courage to shed the " herd mentality " is difficult .
Yet , the rewards are well worth it .
It is only by actively looking at all our beliefs that we can call ourselves " free " .
Why do I bring all of this up ?
It is simple .
Many new people question what they encounter when they approach the BDSM lifestyle .
Depending upon what facet they are looking at , they feel that there is something wrong with what is going on inside them .
This is evidence of the conditioning .
Here is where having the courage to shed the old ideas is imperative .
Society promotes equality .
It is a myth that is used to gain control over the masses ( I will not delve into this debate at this time but it is something I studied a great deal ) .
BDSM promotes inequality .
The exchange of power is fundamental in every relationship that exists .
BDSM strays from the norm that exists out there .
BDSM , like most alternative lifestyles , exists within the confines of society while forging it 's own path .
The same is true for its members .
We are everyday people who you encounter on the street .
The difference is how we choose to structure our personal lives .
Having a successful BDSM life ( or any other life for that matter ) requires shedding the ideas that society implements .
It is something that many rational adults engage upon .
Reflection is a helpful practice .
I found that it allows me to identify those areas in which society places me in " bondage " .
My values tell me that I need to remove those chains whenever I can .
Forging your life starts with your mind .
The BDSM mindset is very different from that of mainstream society .
Adopting the proper mental outlook will enhance your chances of success in this way of life .
The WSJ says that CBS and Disney are seriously considering Apple 's plan to kill your cable box with iTunes TV show subscriptions .
Oh , and that the Apple tablet thing is coming in March .
Advertisement
The WSJ says that Apple 's plan for iTunes TV show subscriptions would have you pay a monthly fee for " access to some TV shows from a selection " of major networks , and that CBS and Disney are the two most seriously thinking about it .
CBS would apparently offer up shows from both CBS and the CW , like Gossip Girl , while Disney would be offering up shows from ABC , ABC Family and the Disney Channel .
What 's interesting is that the networks could actually make more money per subscriber than they do from cable companies , with broadcast networks picking up $ 2 - $ 4 per subscriber , and cable networks grabbing $ 1 - $ 2 .
( Which has to piss cable companies off , no doubt why networks are treading carefully around this proposal . )
Originally , Apple had floated something more like a traditional cable payment , like paying $ 30 a month for a big bundle of TV stuff .
Advertisement
All of this , of course , would fit into Apple 's larger plan to remake the iTunes model with Lala , and Apple hopes to launch the service sometime next year .
While the way Apple says songs and TV shows now would stick around according to the Journal , the combination of web - and - streaming - oriented music and TV subscriptions fundamentally changes the way iTunes would work .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Oh , and of course , this is all happening as Apple " finalizes its plans for a tablet device , " Apple 's trying to launch " by the end of March . "
Interesting , that 's what an analyst heard not too long ago .
Killing cable and up - ending the publishing industry in one fell swoop ?
That 's a pretty busy 2010 . [ WSJ ]
Environment
Okay folks , here comes a new e-mail from the climate community yesterday that I did not hack ( I was copied on it ) , and it is a case study in not getting it .
Back story : Ever since Chris Horner and I were at a conference together with warmenist Michael Schlesinger of the University of Illinois a couple years ago , Chris and I have been included on Prof .
Schesingler 's e-mail distribution list , which usually consist of flagging climate news stories .
Yesterday we got copied on this message Schlesinger sent to science reporter Andy Revkin :
Andy :
Copenhagen prostitutes ?
Climate prostitutes ?
Shame on you for this gutter reportage .
[ Emphasis added . ]
This is the second time this week I have written you thereon , the first about giving space in your blog to the Pielkes .
The vibe that I am getting from here , there and everywhere is that your reportage is very worrisome to most climate scientists .
Of course , your blog is your blog .
But , I sense that you are about to experience the ' Big Cutoff ' from those of us who believe we can no longer trust you , me included .
[ Emphasis added . ]
Copenhagen prostitutes ?
Unbelievable and unacceptable .
What are you doing and why ?
Michael
So what so annoyed Schlesinger ?
Here 's Revkin 's offending blog post , which among other things passes along the amusing story of Copenhagen prostitutes offering free sex to climate campaigners ( I 'll leave to Mark Steyn the suitable lip gloss on this story ) , along with some other news items that the climate campaigners do n't want reported .
Judge for yourself if this constitutes " gutter reportage " and deserves censure from the climate science community .
I 'll add that one of the CRU e-mails I read mentioned that Revkin is not always reliable from their point of view ; I can't now find it , but recall it vividly for the presumption that reporters are supposed to serve as mere transcribers for the climate campaign .
This raises another small but perhaps significant point that I did n't have room to comment on in my Weekly Standard article :
How is it possible for a group of smart people to write over 1,000 e-mails over the course of a decade without a single shred of wit or humor in any of them ?
There is n't the tiniest hint anywhere that any of these guys ever grin .
It jives with my experience of environmentalists for 20 years now that they are the single most humorless slice of humanity on the planet .
( My favorite : I had a top greenie lawyer for the Audubon Society once say at a conference that " I regard the National Association of Home Builders to be every bit as evil as the National Rifle Association . "
My comeback was : " I can understand why you 'd think that about the home builders , but what 's your problem with the NRA ? "
The guy did n't even crack a smile . )
And here we see Andy Revkin threatened with a " cutoff " because he writes -- on a blog -- something mildly amusing about Copenhagen .
“ Mmmm … what ’s that smell …cookies ?
Campfire ?
Nerve gas ?
I know , I ’ll just ask my phone . ”
A researcher at the NASA Ames Center has developed a proof of concept device which can convert an iPhone into a chemical sensor capable of detecting ammonia , chlorine gas , and methane .
The chem sniffing device is a small silicon chip ( no bigger than a stamp ) that plugs into the phone .
Upon detection , the chip uses the phone to alert others .
It was developed as part of Homeland Security ’s Cell - All program .
The US hopes that one day a small , inexpensive , and portable chip such as this one could be used to turn thousands ( or millions ) of mobile phones into a means of quickly detecting hazardous chemicals in public environments .
That detection could save lives and help direct first response units .
Of course , for the nerds out there the device ’s true importance is easy to see : it ’s the next step to developing a tricorder from Star Trek .
For those of you who do n’t regularly attend conventions wearing pointy ears , a tricorder is a fictional device from the Star Trek universe .
It ’s the go - to scientific field instrument that identifies … well pretty much anything – alien life forms , rare minerals , the composition of the air .
Your tricorder probes and samples its environment and tells you what ’s around you .
The NASA device does the same thing , albeit for a much smaller set of substances .
Still , it ’s the first of many steps to developing a handheld device that can measure the world in a scientific way .
Right now , Homeland Security has plans to use the chem sniffer in an anti-terrorist detection program ( more below ) but one day we could see advanced versions helping us measure air quality , determine UV exposure , or tell us if there ’s any dairy , nuts , or gluten in our meals .
The tricorder would put scientific examination in the palm of our hands .
Currently , the device is only able to detect a limited range of gases using a 64 nanosensor array ( 16 on each side of the chip ) .
The range of gases it can identify will likely expand and be refined as nanosensors are developed for new substances .
A small “ sampling jet ” collects air from the environment and directs it onto the array .
The multiple channel silicon chip also knows how to use the mobile phone to connect , via WiFi or Telecomm , to other phones or a central hub to alert them in case of detection .
That ’s a nifty piece of engineering , and something we did n’t really see in Star Trek .
The connectivity of detection devices is going to affect the way we use chem sniffers long before they become as complex as tricorders .
The chip once miniaturized and adapted could be fit to work in a wide range of mobile devices besides the iPhone .
While the current device fits outside the iPhone housing , future devices could be included within the phone itself , using the sampling jet to gather outside air .
Imagine having such a chip in every phone .
Your mobile could warn you if it detected one of the bad gases in your area .
In fact , if everyone had such a chip in their phone , any chemical dangers in the country could be identified almost instantaneously .
Which is the point of the $ 3 million Cell - All program : crowd - sourced detection .
Crowd - sourcing , the distribution of a task among a large group of people , is a concept most often associated with civil disobedience , elaborate pranks , or community service .
Yet as Wikipedia has demonstrated , there is great power to be had even in the unprofessional work of millions .
In the wake of the 1995 sarin gas attack in the Japanese rail system , officials were criticized for the long delays it took to identify the chemical used .
Homeland Security hopes that the Cell - All program will eventually be able to provide an early detection system that could help undermine such an attack in the US .
While it ’s unlikely that we ’ll see an ammonia , methane , or chlorine gas attack , the chem sniffer may one day be able to detect the more likely offenders ( sarin , anthrax , etc ) .
I wonder if similar sensors and alert systems could be used for biological pathogens .
We ’ve seen a silicon based bacteria biosensor that could be adapted .
Likewise with lung cancer .
Crowd - sourcing , if the privacy issues are dealt with , could help us drastically improve our healthcare system by providing round the clock monitoring of public health .
Our primitive tricorders could become not just mobile scientists , but mobile doctors as well .
“ Excuse me , sir , but my iPhone is telling me that you have cancer .
Maybe you could use my friend ’s Blackberry to give you a second opinion . ”
[ photo credits : NASA Ames Research Center , Universal Paramount ]
Where : McDonald’s
What : A Big Mac , Filet o Fish patty , McChicken patty , McMuffin egg & sausage patty .
Cost : $ 7.71
Success : Yes !
This is our next attempt at Will They Build It ?
The first was Taco Bell ’s Nacho Cheesy Blackjack Volcano Gordita Crunch .
If you want to see the results head over to Top Cultured !
California laws enacted more than 30 years ago to protect honest peace officers from over - zealous internal investigations have become a safety net for bad cops .
The mandates – the most stringent in the nation — have given troubled officers special privileges that make it harder to get rid of them and nearly impossible for the public to learn whether they ’ve been adequately disciplined .
Laws that began as an effort to protect police and the integrity of their work expanded over time , giving more and more cover to officer misconduct .
Attempts to scale back those laws have met with opposition from California ’s highly organized police unions , who argue it could affect officer safety .
“ California is the most restrictive state in the nation , when it comes to police secrecy , ” said Jim Chanin , a former ACLU attorney in San Francisco .
“ It ’s California ’s dirty little secret . ”
Consider the effects :
• Former Orange County Assistant Sheriff George Jaramillo went to jail on state corruption charges and is serving another 27 months in federal prison for tax evasion .
But Jaramillo sued the county in 2005 for firing him without going through the extensive process mandated by California ’s Peace Officers ’ Bill of Rights .
A Superior Court judge agreed and Jaramillo stood to collect $ 362,707 before a federal judge ordered that the money be turned over as restitution .
• In 2006 Berkeley police officers refused – citing state protections – to cooperate with a civilian probe into the theft of heroin , methamphetamines and other drugs from 286 envelopes in the evidence locker .
Without police participation , the probe was unable to determine the extent of the security breach .
The missing evidence was ultimately blamed on a drug- addicted , 20 - year narcotics sergeant , Cary Kent , who was convicted and given home detention for a year .
• A prison guard in Central California was kept on the job after being accused in 2005 of sexual relations with inmates and using his / her position as a union steward to blackmail an administrator .
The guard was dismissed by the Department of Corrections , but rehired during a closed - door hearing before the state personnel board .
State law prevents the corrections department from releasing the guard ’s name , exact place of employment or details of the alleged misdeeds .
• A suspected drunken driver alleged that a Los Angeles deputy checked her into a motel rather than arrest her .
The deputy later returned when he was off duty and made “ inappropriate advances . ”
The department attempted to fire the deputy , but was overturned by the county personnel board , in a confidential hearing without public input .
State law prevents the sheriff ’s department or its auditors from releasing the deputy ’s name , when the incident occurred or any other details .
“ Now it ’s really hard to get rid of undesirables , ” said Jim Keysor , the former San Fernando Valley assemblyman who introduced the “ Peace Officers ’ Bill of Rights ” legislation in 1976 .
“ They use the ‘ bill of rights ’ to protect themselves , and the bosses are really stuck . ”
Keysor added that the law “ escalated into a far bigger thing than I imagined . ”
EFFORT TO REDUCE FRIVOLOUS LAWSUITS
Keysor and his colleagues say they initially wanted to protect street officers from being used as scapegoats by unscrupulous supervisors .
They also wanted to prevent criminal defendants from using the arresting officers ’ personnel records to make frivolous counter - complaints .
Instead they created a series of statutes that over time , with the help of powerful law enforcement unions and sympathetic courts , planted a steel wall between officers and the public ’s right to know .
The first law , the “ Peace Officers ’ Bill of Rights , ” was the brainchild of the Assembly ’s Criminal Justice Committee in the mid-seventies .
At the time , stories circulated about police brass leaning on officers , their wives and their families , to get confessions .
“ At the time , you could be forced to take a polygraph examination , forced to do anything ( or lose your job ) , ” said Ron Cottingham , president of the Peace Officers Research Association of California .
In essence , the law prevents police supervisors from firing officers without an extensive rebuttal process .
The law also dictates how the officer can be treated during interrogations .
For instance , the officer cannot be subjected to foul language , or lied to , and must be paid overtime if the interrogation is not conducted during regular work hours .
( In contrast , civilians suspected of crimes can be verbally berated and even lied to by police questioners — all legal under the law . )
The bill was backed at the time by the American Civil Liberties Union and signed into law by then - governor Jerry Brown , a Democrat whose support helped him to gain political favor among rank and file officers .
Used in tandem with the bill is a 1967 U.S. Supreme Court decision – Garrity vs. the State of New Jersey .
This case , involving patrolmen accused of fixing traffic tickets , holds that officers can be forced to answer questions from their employers , under threat of firing .
But those answers cannot subsequently be used against them in criminal court .
Another protection is California Penal Code sections 832.7 and 832.8 , which prohibit police disciplinary files from being publicly released without court approval .
Passed in 1978 , these sections were written by the office of then Attorney General Evelle Younger and carried by Assemblyman Dennis Carpenter , a former FBI agent from Newport Beach .
Younger and Carpenter are now deceased .
Both had publicly expressed concern that criminal defendants were using the disciplinary records of arresting officers to fight criminal convictions .
The new law would prevent defendants from “ fishing ” through the records , authorities said at the time .
For decades , California police departments and media agencies have wrestled in court over police disciplinary files and other law enforcement records .
For the most part , the wall surrounding the officers just got thicker and taller with every court decision .
The California laws protecting police officers contrast strongly with laws in Georgia , Kentucky , South Carolina , Florida and other “ right to work ” states where unions have less sway over government .
Public employee and police unions in those states are mainly fraternal organizations with little weight in blocking the flow of public information , officials say .
“ The police associations are pretty much neutered .
They can scream or cry pretty much all they want , but it does n’t help , ” said Frank V. Rotondo , executive director of the Georgia Association of Chiefs of Police .
“ It ’s very tough watching Peace Officers ’ Bill of Rights or unions ( in other states ) protect ineffective law enforcement officers . ”
California , one of the most unionized of all states , has some of the most powerful police associations in the country .
Public safety unions and lobbying groups here doled out more than $ 33.5 million in political contributions during the last nine years , including $ 5.5 million to the Democratic Party and $ 1.95 million to the Republican Party .
PUBLIC’S RIGHT TO KNOW COMES SECOND
California ’s protections were made virtually impenetrable in 2006 when the California Supreme Court ruled in Copley Press vs. Superior Court that civilian police commissions could not publicly disclose their findings on police misconduct .
Some commissions could no longer gain access to personnel files .
The unions and lobbyists for the police said these protections were necessary for officer safety .
An attempt by state Senator Gloria Romero ( D - East Los Angeles ) in June of 2007 to enact new legislation overriding the court ruling drew police from across the state to a packed Capitol hearing room , where they testified that vigilantes would attack their families if their misdeeds were made public .
Police officers and their lobbyists jammed the seats , lined the aisles and stood outside in the hallway , all with the same message : Cops will die if this bill is approved .
No real - life examples were provided to back up their assertions .
“ It was like a Who ’s Who of police lobbyists , a full complement of firepower , ” said Jim Ewert , an attorney for the California Newspaper Publishers ’ Association , which backed Romero ’s bill .
The Assembly committee let the bill die without a vote .
Another attempt to revive the bill , in 2008 , failed before the same committee .
Public records show the committee members received $ 227,990 from public safety lobbyists during the two - year session that included the two votes on the bill .
Orange County public safety groups contributed $ 17,000 over that period , with $ 5,900 coming from the Santa Ana Police Officers PAC and $ 4,500 from the Orange County Professional Firefighters Association .
The argument that the lives of police officers depends on secrecy is not a new one .
It has been used to quash public information requests across the United States .
But seldom , if ever , can police offer any evidence to back up the argument .
Police groups in Florida and Georgia , where more police information is accessible , could not point to a single case where releasing disciplinary files led to the death or injury of the named officer or his family .
But police in those states also believe that releasing records endangers cops .
“ Every year we are bombarded with calls from our officers who ’ve discovered that folks have discovered their ( personal ) information , ” said Matt Puckett , deputy executive director of the Florida Police Benevolent Association .
Police departments in California can withhold the names of officers involved in shootings if they believe that disclosure would put the officers in danger – which they almost always believe .
But experts say retaliation against named officers is extremely rare .
“ I know thousands of police officers involved in shootings who ’ve been named and there never has been a problem , ” said David Kling , a former LAPD officer and an expert in lethal force at the University of Missouri .
“ I do n’t think the standard pattern of withholding names is a good thing to do . ”
Cottingham , from PORAC , countered that naming officers may taint them in the public eye , which hurts law enforcement because victims can’t chose which officers will respond to 911 calls .
“ You can pick your doctor or lawyer , but you ca n’t pick the officer who shows up on your doorstep , ” Cottingham said .
“ You ’ve tainted this individual because of your need to fill ( news ) pages .
It ’s hard to go through an entire career without making a mistake . ”
But some law enforcement professionals say a change is needed .
“ The pendulum has swung too far the other way .
It has blocked the ability of the public to know when officers commit misconduct , ” said Mike Gennaco , a former federal prosecutor who now heads the Los Angeles Office of Independent Review , which monitors complaints against the LA sheriff ’s department .
“ When ( cops ) commit a violation , why should n’t they be in the public light ? ”
MISCONDUCT BURIED
The death of an inmate at Orange County ’s Theo Lacy jail in October 2006 illustrates how strongly the police protections contrast with the public ’s right to know .
In a quick investigation , the sheriff ’s department had arrested a handful of inmates for beating John Derek Chamberlain to death and cleared their deputies of wrongdoing .
No other information was released on the names or involvement of jail deputies .
It was n’t until The Orange County Register obtained confidential documents , in March 2007 , that the public learned that deputies were accused by inmates of orchestrating the beating .
One deputy admitted he was watching “ COPS ” on television while Chamberlain was stomped to death some 68 feet away .
The Register also revealed that deputies changed the jail logs after the beating to show that Chamberlain did not want to move to a safer cell .
After the district attorney empaneled a grand jury , the public also learned that that guards routinely slept on duty and recruited jailhouse bullies as enforcers .
Allegations that deputies helped set up the attack were never proven .
Nine sheriff ’s employees , including two assistant sheriffs , left their jobs in the fallout .
Under state law , the department can’t say whether any were fired – and if so what the nature of their misconduct was .
Friends of the Earth says solar panels and wind turbines could proliferate if government improves the incentive
Small - scale renewable energy could provide 6 % of Britain 's electricity needs – equivalent to more than two Sizewell B nuclear stations or the Drax coal - fired plant – by 2020 if the government improves the terms of a new deal for producers due to be launched next April , Friends of the Earth says today .
The environmental campaign group used figures obtained from the Department of Energy and Climate Change ( DECC ) and prepared by consultants Poyry and Element Energy to show that introducing a more ambitious scheme than that currently proposed would add only an average £ 2.37 a year to household electricity bills over the next four years – just £ 1.20 a year more than the government is already proposing to add to fund the scheme .
The Guardian revealed last week that decisions on the final levels of the " feed - in tariff " ( FIT ) – which would offer guaranteed , above - market payments for electricity produced from technologies such as solar panels or wind turbines – have been delayed until January by wrangling between DECC , the Treasury and the regulator Ofgem .
Britain lags other countries in introducing FITs which have proved successful in kick - starting renewable energy sectors around Europe .
But the Treasury and Ofgem are worried about the potential cost and have also been lobbied by the nuclear industry which dislikes renewable energy because it sees it as a direct competitor .
FoE and other critics , such as the Renewable Energy Association ( REA ) , worry that the government 's proposed return on investment of 5 - 8 % is far too low to stimulate mass take - up of the technologies by the public and businesses .
Indeed , the government is only aiming for 2 % of the country 's electricity to be generated from small - scale renewables by 2020 .
FoE says that if the return on investment were raised to 10 % , that share would treble to 6 % and lower the average cost of the electricity generated .
" Small - scale green energy systems such as solar panels on homes and businesses and community - owned wind turbines could play a crucial role in cutting UK emissions and speeding us towards the development of a low carbon economy , " said FoE energy campaigner Dave Timms .
" A tiny addition to UK electricity bills would kick - start a world class scheme that would allow homes , businesses and communities to play their part in tackling climate change , increasing energy security and creating thousands of new green jobs .
" As the world prepares for crucial climate talks in Copenhagen , the government must show that it is taking this issue seriously . "
The DECC figures show that a more ambitious FIT offering a 10 % return on investment would lead to the generation of 25 terawatt hours of electricity by 2020 and cut UK carbon emissions by 10 million tonnes a year by then .
It would also help reduce the country 's dependence on fossil fuels and increase energy security .
The figures are published as 30 organisations and businesses – including FoE , the REA , the TUC , the British Retail Consortium , the Co-operative Group , the Country Land and Business Association ( CLA ) , the Federation of Small Businesses , Unison and WWF – have written to MPs urging them to support an Early Day Motion ( EDM 276 ) tabled by Alan Simpson MP calling for a much greater level of ambition for small - scale renewable electricity generation than the government scheme proposes .
As Joe Paterno privately campaigns this week for Penn State to land a lucrative ( $ 17 million ) BCS bowl berth , the legendary coach may be biting off more than his 2009 version of Nittany Lions can chew .
That is , from a competitive standpoint .
But at least the massive payout of the Fiesta Bowl , the BCS bowl most likely for the Lions , will be terrific .
It ’s just that the opponent there , probably unbeaten Boise State , will be terrific , too .
Barring a rash of shocking results this weekend in league championship games , it would seem right now that the Fiesta Bowl and the Capital One Bowl at Orlando are the two most likely landing spots for Penn State in the post - season .
And even though a Capital One Bowl foe would probably be Louisiana State of the much ballyhooed Southeastern Conference , the Tigers would be a much better match - up for Penn State than WAC champion Boise State .
Reason : the quarterbacks .
In compiling its 10 - 2 record against a relatively soft schedule , the Nittany Lions arguably did not face the combination of an accomplished , veteran quarterback in charge of a high - powered , spread offense that could torch its inexperienced secondary .
In sophomore Kellen Moore , a marginal Heisman Trophy candidate , Boise State possesses just that .
A 6 - 0 , 187 - pound gunslinger , Moore owns a 168.7 quarterback efficiency rating , has thrown 38 touchdown passes with only three interceptions and led the Broncos to 532 points , a whopping 44.3 points per game .
Granted , those numbers were attained mostly against WAC defenses , but do n’t be fooled into thinking the Broncos are just a pass - happy , spread offense .
Boise ’s attack is balanced , with 437 runs and 383 passes and is just of the mold that could drive the Nittany Lions batty .
LSU also has a sophomore at quarterback , a raw - boned Jordan Jefferson , who at 6 - 5 , 220 pounds physically reminds a lot of Juice Williams but is hardly as accomplished as Moore .
This kid is going to be real good , but he is n’t yet .
Jefferson ’s efficiency rating is 137.8 and he ’s thrown 16 scoring passes and six interceptions on a team with an excellent corps of receivers .
But LSU is one of those run-first teams , 419 rushes and 185 passes , whose style of offense would better play into the hands of the Penn State defense than wild and wonderful Boise State .
So this coming Sunday remember that if PSU lands a Fiesta Bowl bid over the more deserving Iowa Hawkeyes , the match - up if it 's Boise State wo n’t be nearly as good as the LSU Tigers would be .
LSU may have the bigger name and more tradition but Boise State is the better team and would be far more motivated .
That said , Paterno this week had better be careful for what he wishes for during bowl season .
THE RECENT European Court of Human Rights judgment on the rights of an unmarried father may have far - reaching implications for Ireland , writes Geoffrey Shannon .
The court recently handed down a very important decision on joint custody that may have far reaching implications for the rights of unmarried fathers in Ireland .
Joint custody involves a child residing with each parent for a stipulated period .
The significance of this ruling , however , derives from the rights it attributes to marriage - like relationships rather than its consideration of joint custody per se .
Under Irish law , unmarried fathers do not have an automatic right to the day - to - day care of their children ( known as “ custody ” ) nor do they have an automatic right to a say in the upbringing of their children ( known as “ guardianship ” ) .
Nor do unmarried fathers have a right to joint custody .
Rather , they have a statutory right to apply for guardianship , custody or joint custody , which will be determined according to the nature of the relationship between the child and the unmarried father .
Following the recent decision of the European Court of Human Rights in Zaunegger v Germany , the Irish law governing the attribution of guardianship , custody and joint custody should be reviewed to determine its compatibility with the European Convention on Human Rights .
In this case the European Court of Human Rights held that there had been a violation of the convention on human rights in the case of an unmarried father who was denied a judicial review of a statutory provision making joint custody dependant on the birth mother ’s approval .
Of particular importance in this case was the fact that the relationship between the applicant and his partner had lasted five years until their separation in August 1998 .
The child – the subject of the joint custody application – lived with the applicant until January 2001 when she moved to his partner ’s apartment .
In June 2001 , the parties reached an agreement on access .
Shortly thereafter , the applicant applied to the Cologne District Court for joint custody as his partner was unwilling to consent to it , although otherwise the applicant and his partner were co-operative and on good terms .
In June 2003 the Cologne District Court dismissed his application stating that there was no legal basis in Germany for a joint custody order in the absence of agreement between the parties .
This decision was upheld by the Cologne Court of Appeal .
The European Court of Human Rights held that “ family life ” existed between the applicant and his partner for the purposes of the convention on human rights .
It reiterated the notion of family under the convention , stating that the convention makes no distinction between the family life of a marital and non-marital family .
The court held that the mutual enjoyment by a parent and child of each other ’s company constitutes a fundamental element of family life , even when the relationship between the parents has broken down .
Domestic legislative provisions which hinder such enjoyment therefore amount to an interference with the right to family life protected by the convention unless they can be said to be necessary and proportionate .
The European Court of Human Rights held that by dismissing the applicant ’s request for joint custody without examining whether it would be in the child ’s best interests , the German courts had treated him differently in considering his joint custody application in comparison with the mother and in comparison with married fathers .
It held that , even though the European Court of Human Rights afford contracting states a wide margin of appreciation in custody cases , the difference in treatment in this case was discriminatory as it had no objective and reasonable justification .
The court held that substantial grounds for justification will be required in instances of a gender bias or bias on the grounds of birth or other status .
The justification argument will therefore fail if any differential treatment does not pursue a legitimate aim or if there is not a reasonable relationship of proportionality between the means used and aim sought .
The European Convention on Human Rights came into force in Ireland at the end of 2003 .
It requires the Irish courts to interpret Irish law in a manner compatible with the convention .
One of the rights considered in Zaunegger was the right to “ family life ” .
This is an issue that was highlighted in a previous case before the European Court of Human Rights , Keegan v Ireland , a case referred to in Zaunegger .
In the Keegan case , involving primarily the question of an unmarried father ’s right to be consulted in relation to the adoption of his child , the court held that the father ’s rights under the convention had been violated .
The European Convention on Human Rights was applicable , the court emphasised , despite the fact that the natural parents of the child were never married to each other .
For two years prior to the making of the adoption order , the mother and father had been living in a stable relationship and that , essentially , formed a family for convention purposes .
There is now a need for robust legislation in this area .
The European Court of Human Rights summarises the position in Zaunegger in the following terms : “ While having regard to the wide margin of appreciation of the authorities , in particular when deciding on custody - related matters , the Court also considers the evolving European context in this sphere and the growing number of unmarried parents . ”
The Law Reform Commission recently published a consultation paper on Legal Aspects of Family Relationships , which considers a statutory presumption in favour of granting unmarried fathers an order for guardianship unless the welfare of the child dictated otherwise .
It also makes a number of other recommendations and provides a template for reform of the law in this area to ensure Irish law is in conformity with the European Convention on Human Rights .
The onus is now on the Oireachtas to put in place the reforms alluded to in the commission ’s consultation paper .
Geoffrey Shannon is a solicitor and author of Child Law ( published by Thomson Reuters )
MIAMI ( Reuters ) -
The key informant in the U.S. tax fraud case against Swiss bank UBS AG says he does not deserve the federal prison term he is due to start serving next month , according to an interview to be broadcast on Sunday .
Former UBS banker Bradley Birkenfeld runs into the Federal Courthouse in Ft Lauderdale , Florida , August 21 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Andrew Innerarity
Bradley Birkenfeld , a 44 - year - old U.S. citizen , has been hailed by whistleblower advocates and U.S. prosecutors alike as pivotal to the case against UBS , his former employer .
The bank was targeted in a wide probe by U.S. authorities for helping U.S. tax cheats to hide assets in UBS accounts .
Speaking in an interview to be broadcast on CBS television ’s “ 60 Minutes ” on Sunday , his first since he began providing insider information to U.S. prosecutors in the summer of 2007 , Birkenfeld seems both angered and stunned by the fact that he is due to enter prison on January 8 for a 40 - month term .
Birkenfeld was handed his sentence by a Florida district court judge in August , two days after U.S. and Swiss authorities signed a pact in which Switzerland agreed to reveal the names of about 4,450 wealthy American clients of UBS to U.S. tax investigators .
No other UBS bankers have been jailed in connection with the massive tax fraud case .
Birkenfeld ’s former boss , a Swiss citizen and an alleged mastermind of the conspiracy , was detained in the United States in 2008 and held for four months on a material witness warrant before he was quietly allowed to leave the country .
“ I gave them the biggest tax fraud case in the world , ” Birkenfeld says in the interview , portions of which were released by CBS on Wednesday .
“ I exposed 19,000 international criminals and I ’m going to jail for that ? ” he asks .
Birkenfeld pleaded guilty to a single fraud conspiracy count in June 2008 , when he acknowledged helping his largest U.S. client hide assets from the Internal Revenue Service .
In a claim disputed by Birkenfeld ’s lawyers in a December 7 letter to U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder , Justice Department officials say the jail time was justified because he was not initially forthcoming about the tax fraud committed by his billionaire U.S. client Igor Olenicoff .
In the “ 60 Minutes ” interview , Birkenfeld , who says he was sometimes asked to “ cater ” to his U.S. clients by shopping for things like cars , chalets or expensive Swiss watches on their behalf , was reminded by journalist Steve Kroft that he was an enabler for people breaking the law .
“ And I am the only one going to prison .
Out of 19,000 accounts and no Swiss bankers , ” Birkenfeld responds .
In a December 26 filing with the U.S. District Court in Florida where he was sentenced , Birkenfeld ’s attorneys asked that his prison time be postponed and that a hearing be scheduled for the judge to reconsider the sentence .
There has been no immediate comment from prosecutors but a government response was expected to be filed with the court by Monday , a person familiar with the situation told Reuters .
Earlier this year , the bank agreed to pay $ 780 million and exit the U.S. tax - shelter business to settle criminal charges in the tax evasion case , which ended up cracking open Switzerland ’s jealously preserved banking secrecy .
Devon , PA .
Upon reading an essay of Patrick Deneen ’s , a close and dear relative recently wrote me , protesting the uselessness of the terms “ liberal ” and “ conservative . ”
They are simplifying terms , and inadequate to the complexity of American political questions .
One should judge each individual “ issue ” on its own merits and not according to a schema .
I was quick to respond with a more thorough analysis of those terms than perhaps the occasion merited or than any poor relative of mine deserves .
Having labored away on either side of Sunday Mass , and anxious to let no thrifty labor fall fallow , I thought it might be appropriate to share my thoughts in the more formal context of FPR .
What follows may be , to some readers ’ mind , the last thing a traditionalist conservative needs to hear : another theoretically conceived statement of principles .
I readily concede the world would be richer were I to plant a single carrot seed ; at the same time , one is always grateful for the challenge of articulating in a rarefied form what it is one believes , and I am Scholastic enough to believe that the path to knowledge is paved with careful definitions .
And so :
Well , you see it does matter to establish the meaning of those terms , because what most Americans lack is a sense of the range of available political visions and , consequently , they find themselves trapped is a vision that is not simply narrow but — I would argue — so narrow as to exclude the truth .
You are right that most people do not know of what they speak when they deploy the two major terms of our political lexicon ; as those terms are used , they have no permanent content , but rather serve as euphemisms for Republican or Democrat .
But a few things are worth establishing to correct this eviseration of meaning .
Contemporary American - style conservatism and liberalism are merely two faces of that intelligible beast , ( Eighteenth Century ) Classical Liberalism .
Its vision says the substantive unit or entity in politics is strictly the individual , and the freedom of the individual is the primary good after which society and government seek .
Since , therefore , the term “ society ” indicates nothing more than a numerical aggregate of the individuals in a given area , then the only purpose of government must be to defend the potentially infinite number of “ private ” interests of these loosely gathered individual freedom - maximizers .
American - style liberals and conservatives simply emphasize two distinct elements intrinsic to this vision : one insists that the “ right ” to unlimited wealth accumulation follows naturally from the freedom of the individual and that this right is only expressible if certain other freedoms are limited so that the literal place of the market can be stable and reliable ( and therefore a relatively predictable place in which wealth — the value of a dollar — can be relied upon ) ; the other insists that the individual ’s freedom consists primarily in self - fashioning and that the self can only enjoy this free play — its individuality — if it can know that society is stable , “ equal , ” and reliable enough that the products of the individual ’s free play ( the self made by the pure , autonomous will of the individual ) will not have any material consequences .
The apparent differences in these positions arise specifically because their different advocates assume , but do not discuss , the first principle of individual equal freedom and attend only to particular questions in isolation from each other .
The advocate of “ free markets ” applies his first principle to certain questions and these prompt him to withhold its application in others ; the same must be said for the “ civil libertarian . ”
Were either to apply his first principle in equal measure to everything , he would appear not merely as a libertarian but as a libertine anarchist — a libidinous monster convinced that the mad must be set free from the asylum , the murderer from his prison , and the self from the cage of society .
Neither of these visions is “ conservative ” in any true sense .
They are both simply expressions of the basic tenets of bourgeois classical liberalism .
Generally , when someone says , “ I ’m conservative on some issues and liberal on others , ” what he really means is that he is just a more consistent classical liberal than American - style conservatives and liberals , i.e. he has traced out more fully the consequences of the individual as the sole entity in politics and the individual ’s protected freedom as its end .
The Bush and Obama administrations have proven this model consistent in spades .
For , if the individual is the sole entity in society , he will always feel weak , relatively powerless , isolated , and alienated from the means to secure the future for himself .
Therefore , the liberal individual will trust no one but the State to secure his freedom , for only the State is large enough to do such a thing , and only the State is “ real ” enough to do it , since the liberal individual sees any other kind of supra- individual entity as an illegitimate one whose exercise of authority will always appear to him as oppression ( e.g. the authority of a church , of a social class , of a sex , of an elite association or club , and finally even of the family ) .
The most liberal phrase of indignation is always , “ What gives so - and - so the right to tell me what to do ? ! ”
As such , it only makes sense that the “ weak individuals ” with interests in business would seek ( as they have regularly since the Nineteenth Century ) to harness the state to advance their unlimited wealth production and accumulation .
And , in an inevitable reaction , the “ weak individuals ” whose sense of freedom is bound up more in the free play of consumption and self - fashioning now turn to ask the State for the securing of their material equality and the administered stabilization of every aspect of their lives ( except those few little places where “ self - fashioning ” needs to be most free , i.e. on the level of taste , consumer goods , and sterile copulation ) .
Of course , one sees that these two things are no more mutually exclusive in practice than they are at the theoretical level of definition .
Bush ’s expansion of government introduced the State into nearly every aspect of our lives ( to the extent that it had not already been so introduced ) , even as it sought not to “ deregulate ” business ( which it never did ) but rather to enhance certain targeted areas for the unlimited wealth accumulation of certain individuals .
Why , one pauses to ask , to we hear complaints against “ deregulation ” from self - described liberals , but none against “ corporate welfare ” ?
Similarly , Obama has shown that he’s on board with protecting unlimited wealth accumulation ( he needs the easy , single trough to water his hobby horses ) , and that he is more flexible than Bush in securing that wealth , because he sees that American dominance by diplomacy has been at least as effective as the use of force , so long as one can always use force in the breach .
He is more flexible in the use of State authority as well — if that is possible , given what Bush did .
We are at last on the verge of seeing what administered society in its most radical form might look like ; the State really will be the manager to whom every question of our survival and moral life may be referred .
So , our two presidents illustrate in fact what Classical Liberalism always announces in theory : the end of liberalism is the free , isolated individual ; and the State ’s duty in simply “ protecting the private interests ” of those individuals gradually but inexorably makes it the sole real or efficacious entity in social life , whose interest in “ securing our freedom ” gradually leads to its involving itself in every dimension of our lives except for those which are most trivial .
It only wishes to look into our souls in such cases where our souls might actually do something of consequence .
Traditional conservatism steps radically outside this theory .
It rejects its fundamentals and its consequences .
Man is intrinsically a social or political animal ; his individual identity is formed by , tied to , and fulfilled only in , community .
To speak , therefore , of the “ interests of the individual ” as if they stood in tension with those of “ State ” or “ society ” literally makes no sense ; it creates separate entities and interests to describe what in fact is something organic .
Community is organic because it has distinguishable parts , but none of those parts is in any meaningful sense separable from the whole ( it would no longer be itself were it not part of something bigger than itself ) .
It is organic also in that all of its parts have not only a present unity , but they exist for the same end : the good life for man , who is himself capable of seeking the Good .
Thus , the first argument of this position is to reject the “ going ” anthropology of the last two - and - a- quarter centuries .
Liberal politics takes for granted that the individual is the sole identifiable and legitimate entity in society and that no one can pronounce on the end or purpose of the individual except the individual ( because , as truly individual , we are all mutually un-intelligible to one another , and cannot speak to , with , or for , each other ) .
Therefore , liberalism always sets some conception of “ freedom ” as its end , because by that term it can describe an empty space cleared for the free play of the individual , rather than an image of what the individual might , or ought to , look like .
But traditional conservatism insists that we not only reject the anthropology that reduces man to an isolated individual , rather than recognizes him as a person whose very individuality only comes into being in community , but that we also reject this “ negative theology ” of the end of human life .
If we are social animals because we are born into community , we are also — indeed primarily — social animals because we reach our telos , our final cause , our fulfillment , only in a certain kind of shared life .
We inherit relationships to some communities , we develop other relationships within other communities , and these relationships , which both allow us to do some things and limit us and prevent us from doing others , gradually give shape to our personalities .
Thus the human being becomes , through these communities and communal relationships , more fully a person .
The State has a role in protecting relationships and communities , and even in exemplifying one instance of a kind of communal institution , but its role is necessarily limited precisely because it is clear that it is the overabundance of varied , limited , and imperfect communities and associations that form a complex web or network that can fulfill man ’s social nature .
An overly comprehensive State undermines or frustrates man ’s political nature by making its practical condition threadbare .
If society and community is in part a fulfillment of our natures , that is to say , if it is part of the happiness that we wish to have ; if it is part of the good life for man ; it is also a necessary means even to discovering what that good life looks like .
More strongly : our social nature makes us dependent upon community for us to discover an image of the good life and indeed to look into the face of the Good itself .
The isolated individual is not strictly speaking incapable of discovering the good , but is de facto , since by definition he deprives himself of , or rejects as “ irrational ” and “ oppressive , ” the generations of shared experience offered him as a gift and obligation from the past , and therefore ends up trying to “ fashion himself ” from scratch , rather than “ correcting and conserving ” what he has inherited like so much cultural property — like , to specify the image , a stable homestead with farmland cultivated over generations .
Furthermore , the isolated individual cannot make much headway looking for the Good , because he will always shrink it to something particular to his own self .
He will reject as a possible vision of goodness anything that he cannot understand as “ good for me , ” where the “ me ” is reducible to the temporally bounded , bodily self ’s experience of pleasure .
Many things that are indeed “ good for me ” do not appear as such if I deny my social nature and can think of myself and my good as restricted to my individuality and freedom .
Liberals like to preach against “ selfishness ” or “ egoism , ” because they simply cannot fathom a good for the person that is something more , or something other , than a person ’s good qua individual .
We lose the ability , under such circumstances , to think of our personalities living on beyond our one , truly individuated element , our bodies ; as such , we cannot conceive of our good as extending beyond our corporeal life , and thus , things like “ courage ” and “ self - mastery ” begin to look unreal and contrary to one ’s personal good .
When one truly understands one ’s social nature , however , such virtues become naturally desirable ; one wishes not just to benefit from the past in the present , but to live on in the memory of others in the future and , thereby , to give shape to the future .
The end of one ’s present life , therefore , comes to be part of what future generations know and lives meaningfully on in them .
If man ’s nature is as a social or political animal , then that nature can only be fulfilled under fragile , particular circumstances .
Thus , traditional conservatives strongly argue for the importance of various communal institutions and associations beyond or in addition to the State , knowing that these are our means not merely of loving , but of living and of knowing , as well .
They argue strongly against the literally endless freedom of liberalism , which of its nature requires perpetual mobility , perpetual invention and re-invention , in order to secure the individuality of the individual ( thus , in our culture , we sometimes stop doing something simply because it used to be done , e.g. wearing neckties to work or marrying for life ) .
They emphasize instead a physical stability — that of towns , homesteads , and households — which makes it possible for communal ties to build at their inevitable slow rate .
They defend self - government as the only kind of freedom fit for man : that is , not autonomy in the sense of freedom from outside intervention , but in the sense of self - mastery , which is a necessary prerequisite for the person to seek the Good .
How could one seek the destination , the telos , of one ’s life without at least a hard - won mastery over the messy complex being that is one ’s life ?
Hence , the common association of the good man and good society with the well - captained ship .
Defending these things is the specific and limited vocation of institutional politics ( as opposed to the wider political life which is , in itself , simply man ’s shared life in society ) , for the conservative believes that the State cannot of itself build community though it might help in the building , and , again , that the State is just one form of the myriad communities even a single person needs to live a shared life that seeks the Good .
The liberal vision sees man as an originally free individual animal seeking further freedom .
The traditional conservative sees that all things seek their particular goods , and that all these goods culminate in the Good itself .
Hence , the particular and fragile dignity of man .
He can , of course , settle upon any number of lesser goods , including the lowest of all , mere survival .
But in addition to being just a good - seeking animal , he is one who discovers a particular kind of good in a shared life ; hence the classical definition of him as a social animal ( meaning he is intrinsically communal and thus depends upon community to begin and continue life ) and as a political animal ( meaning that part of his purpose , his telos , is to live as a peculiarly self - communicating creature for whom the presence and company of others is essential to his achieving happiness ) .
But this communal nature does not fully describe his finality , is not merely his end .
He can seek not simply goods , as can other species , but can seek , by virtue of his abstracting intellect , the Good itself .
Hence the further classical definition of man as a rational animal — an animal whose intellect allows him to discover the Good beyond any particular and immanent goods .
This rational capacity is one that modern persons cannot fully reject , though they attempt to do so .
We all sense within ourselves the apparently undetermined and therefore potentially infinite nature of our intellects .
I can think of one thing , then another , and another in a series ad infinitum .
I see that my eyes and my will can fasten upon this good , and the next good , and the next , in no less an apparently endless series .
Naturally , because the mind is discursive in its reasoning , what I can think of , and what I can perceive as good , will have a certain tentativeness and incompletion to them , e.g. even when I think about a little wooden triangle , I can only reason about one abstract part of it at a time .
As such , there will inevitably be various and partial perceptions of any good , any thing , by different persons .
Hence our almost total dependence upon the inherited reasoning of others ( tradition ) through the whole course of our lives , including especially those moments where we think something new .
For the “ new ” is to make explicit what was present in potential but could not , for any number of reasons , previously be made manifest .
And hence , also , the inevitability of competing accounts of this good and that good in light of our various and imperfect perceptions of the Good .
And yet our minds do have an end , which is that Good that is also Truth and Beauty .
Most persons at most times have a sense that there is a place where all thinking ends precisely because thought has become complete — not through endless intellectual accumulation , primarily , but through an eventual simplification , where the mind knows that Good that is the simple foundation of everything .
Liberalism in part arose from a very easy attempt to forego the problems inherent to possessing reason .
The apparently infinite and undetermined potential of the mind was taken to be just that .
On such an account , there ’s no point is debating what the end of reason is precisely because reason has no end ; it is infinite and , insofar as it is infinite , “ godlike . ”
But if the intellect has no end toward which it is struggling , it must be unique among all other real things , since they all clearly have observable ends for which they exist ( we have no trouble telling when a garden hose is fulfilling its telos ) .
Very well , says the liberal , that uniqueness is yet another godlike aspect of man ; his infinite reason may even be the end of all things .
Since man is his own end precisely because his intellect is endless , we introduce a problem .
We are saying that man is the Good , is his own Good at least , and yet we define that good in a different way than we define all others .
Everything else that is good , we define by what it does — by its attainment of some purpose .
But , it would seem , we ( the liberals ) are saying that the Good for man is understood primarily as an absence — an absence of purpose or determination that , when determined or made to serve some purpose , seems to lose its free and distinctive character .
And so the liberal ’s anthropology of the infinite individual intellect resolves into a political program .
The purpose of politics is to clear as totally as possible a space for the individual intellect to act freely .
Everything that says it exists for this - or - that end is a form of oppression , because it seems to make the intellect finite .
The State ’s task , therefore , is reduced to protecting the individual person from becoming anything in particular .
What does the purpose of man ’s life then look like ?
The good life for man becomes just the continuous , further clear - cutting of space for him to be free to fashion himself in any which way he likes .
His infinite intellect therefore does have an end or direction : the individual man ’s self , which that intellect ’s purpose becomes to craft and shape .
But , again , the intellect ’s infinity necessitates that man does not seek to make himself a certain kind of being , a good man ; he makes himself good only insofar as he is able to make himself freely ( not “ free , ” as if this were a substantive end , but the making itself must be a procedure done and redone endlessly and “ freely ” ) .
So the liberals of the left and right assume .
What sounds at first like a bit of human modesty , and which often still tries to play itself off as such ( “ We see that men disagree about the Good , and therefore conclude there is no Good , but only the infinite freedom of man ’s unique intellect ” ) , in fact is the only totalitarian way of thinking ever conceived ( if one wants to take that word seriously ) .
For man becomes a god unto himself , and , in order to protect a space for his free movement , he helps or simply resigns himself to a State whose task is to dissolve , overturn , or condemn all those bonds and practices that might impose themselves upon and give shape to a human being .
Everything ultimately falls prey as an impediment to the one good the liberal can acknowledge : the free play of the individual .
Contrary to early critics of liberalism , of course , the end of this destruction is never anarchy but an ever more appropriative government , which takes it upon itself to remove all authorities ( besides itself ) that would put themselves above the individual and in the way of his freedom .
We have seen in our time that even the expressed disapproval of immorality , the making of moral judgments of any kind , has been deemed a form of oppression that the State is sometimes willing to intervene to stop .
And so the freedom of the individual is secured by ensuring an “ equal freedom , ” a cloistering of the individual within himself and his isolation from any significant contact with any authority save the State .
And so man becomes a “ little god ” who can buy what he likes and copulate how he likes , he can even make money however he likes , so long as the State believes it does not affect anyone else — so long as it does not impose upon the “ equal freedom ” of another .
What sounds at first a bit of rational modesty ( “ We ca n’t know the Good , and indeed believe there is n’t one ” ) ends up promoting to the Highest Good something we all know from experience is not anything like the highest good in the world : the autonomy of the individual .
No one thinks the good of his fellow man ’s individually is especially good ; there are myriad “ self - fashioning ” beings whom he finds repugnant .
But he defends their imperfections and perversions merely so he may preserve his little temple of freedom .
This is not “ rational modesty ” at all , because it is neither modest nor rational .
It is not modest , because it subordinates everything — past , present , future , family , society , culture , and the Good itself , — to the individual ’s self - fashioning .
It is not modestly rational , because it ultimately insists that freedom precludes authoritative judgments on the relative merits of this or that particular good .
And it is strictly speaking not rational , since reason ’s end is the Good — is , therefore , not infinite precisely because it does stop somewhere and fails in its operation to the extent that it falls short of its end — or , more typically nowadays , flees radically from any account of the Good because such an account suggests the mind is determined toward an end and therefore is not , in only that very modern sense , free .
Traditional conservatism , in contrast , calls into question nearly everything that modern persons generally take for granted .
The American “ liberal / conservative ” divide is a sham , as you observe , but not for the reasons you observe .
It is not that it over - simplifies the complex particular positions of individuals , but because it tries to make substantive differences apparent when , really , there are not any .
Thus , I defend the use and definition of the word “ conservative ” — as in “ traditional conservative ” — precisely because it opens up a horizon that most Americans would prefer to have shut — or at least think they would .
It opens up the possibility of thinking productively about what it means to be human , what it means to be rational and to be capable of seeking what is good and the Good itself ; above all , in a political context , it blows open the doors on the nature of politics and the kinds of polities we should have if we wish to flourish .
It exposes the superficiality of liberal thought , the totalitarian ambitions of liberal freedom , and the dehumanization at the heart of liberal “ individualist ” anthropology ( for liberal man is always a beast or a god , and usually both ) .
Moreover , it is important because it does n’t make pretenses of merely or even primarily being a political program that takes such - and - such a stand on the “ issues of our day . ”
The men of our day have little business talking about “ issues , ” when theycannot even understand the selves from which they hold forth .
But traditional conservatism ’s significance and truth are available to all people and find their importance in helping persons to live well by judging well in light of the search for the Good , rather than in the acquisition of political power in the machinery of a modern State that is intrinsically , and at once and in the same actions , a murder machine and a liberator of oppression .
All the best , etc .
A New Hampshire atheist is offering Christians who believe in the Rapture a service to look after their pets when they get taken up into eternity , the New Hampshire Union Leader reports .
Bart Centre , 61 , a retired retailing executive , is co-owner of Eternal Earthbound Pets , which charges $ 110 for the pet service .
" It 's a money - making venture , " he said , calling it a " win-win situation . "
Click here to view his website .
Centre says he has called up a network of atheist families and friends in 22 states , who would step in to look after the animals .
Coverage is good for 10 years , he says .
If there is no Rapture by then , he keeps the cash .
" There are no refunds , " he said .
" If I thought the Rapture was really going to happen , I would n't have the business . "
He says he 's gotten 4,000 emails , mostly from fellow atheists .
About 10 % , he says , are Christians who think it 's a fun idea and wish him luck , and an undisclosed handful who have even signed up for the service .
The paper quotes Terry James , editor of a popular , Arkansas - based Christian website called Rapture Ready , as finding the project amusing .
" It 's a scam , " he tells the paper , " . . .
Anyone who would take that offer seriously , well , how would you even follow up ? "
But James concedes that the pet issue is real .
He says he has written a pamphlet to worried Christians counseling that if people in Heaven find they miss their pets , they can decide to have them brought up later .
Click here for his James ' website , Rapture Ready .
( Posted by Doug Stanglin )
× This page contains archived content and is no longer being updated .
At the time of publication , it represented the best available science .
In some parts of the world the difference in the amount of clouds over land versus ocean is so stark that the outlines of continents and other landmasses can be traced through observations of clouds alone .
This image of October 2009 ’s cloud fraction ( the fraction of an area covered by clouds ) demonstrates the pattern .
The measurements were collected by the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer ( MODIS ) on NASA ’s Terra satellite .
Colors range from blue ( no clouds ) to white ( totally cloudy ) .
Not surprisingly , the most dramatic cloud boundaries occur in places where very dry land is surrounded by ocean , such as northern and southern Africa , the Arabian Peninsula ( east of North Africa ) , and Greenland .
The sharp boundary between water and land fades over humid regions .
In west - central Africa , the contour of the coastline fades beneath clouds that are nearly as prevalent over the humid tropical forests as they are over the Atlantic Ocean to the west .
Over the islands , narrow peninsulas , and shallow seas between Southeast Asia and Australia , the difference between land and water virtually disappears ; the entire region is extremely cloudy , and the outlines of the major land masses — including the Indonesia islands of Sumatra and Borneo are barely perceptible .
This blurring of boundaries is reflected in the name meteorologists give this region : the Maritime Continent .
In addition to their role as rain - and snow - makers , clouds are often the arbiters of energy entering and leaving the climate system .
Clouds may have a warming or cooling influence depending on their altitude , type , and when they form .
Clouds reflect sunlight back into space , which causes cooling .
But they can also absorb heat that radiates from the Earth ’s surface , preventing it from freely escaping to space .
The diversity of roles clouds can play makes daily , global observations vital to understanding and predicting our climate .
NASA Earth Observatory image by Kevin Ward , based on data provided by the NASA Earth Observations ( NEO ) Project .
Caption by Rebecca Lindsey .
By GottaLaff
I posted the Tea Party Dickle Me Armey video earlier today , anticipating this very moment of superb Tee Vee Machine fun :
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
I just love a happy ending .
Thank you , Rachel , you never disappoint .
If You 're Looking For The Open Source Business Model , You 're Looking For The Wrong Thing
from the that 's - backwards dept
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
Every so often we see a similar article to the one penned recently by Ashlee Vance in the NY Times , bemoaning the lack of " open source business model " success stories .
Now , Vance is a top notch reporter and does great work for the NY Times ( as he did for The Register before ) , but these kinds of articles seem to miss the point .
They go looking for " open source " company success stories , and find that most open source software companies do n't end up doing very well , and the few that do okay end up selling out to other companies ( MySQL , XenSource , SpringSource ) and conclude that , outside of perhaps RedHat , " open source " is n't a very good business .
But that misses the point .
Open source software , by itself , be much of a business .
Just asis n't much of a business by itself , but it can be a huge component of a larger business , open source software is part of what helps many other businesses .
So , while Vance dismisses the fact that companies like Google and IBM rely tremendously on using open source software to be the foundation of their multi-billion dollar businesses , it 's time to recognize that .
Just as we talk about how the new music ecosystem involves using music to make other things much more valuable , the " open source business model " is using open source software to make other things much more valuable .
The companies that have n't gotten very far trying to sell open source software are in that spot because they do n't understand open source business models themselves , and seem to think that the focus should remain on selling software , rather than using the software to make other things more valuable .
While Vance dismisses companies like Google and IBM using open source software as " pawns , " it 's time to recognize that that is the most reasonable way to build a business on open source work .
And there 's nothing wrong with that at all .
It 's helping build tremendous businesses that have a huge impact on the world economy .
Filed Under : business models , open source , services , software
Companies : google , ibm , mysql , red hat
London , England ( CNN ) --
A recent spate of suicides by foreign maids in Lebanon is prompting outrage among human rights groups , who say the government is doing too little to protect migrant domestic workers from severe abuse .
Over the past seven weeks at least 10 women have died , either by hanging themselves or by falling from tall buildings .
Six of these cases have been reported in local media as suicides and four more have been described as possible work accidents .
An Ethiopian woman working as a cleaner in Lebanon told CNN by phone that she was sad about the recent suicides , and that she had a friend who killed herself several years ago , when she too was working as a live - in maid .
" If the Madame maybe she is very bad , they feel there is no way , no solution , " said the woman who asked not to be identified , referring to abuse by the female employer .
" Everyone has a different case , " though she added .
" We are clearly seeing a high rate of suicide .
The two leading causes of death for migrants is suicide [ and ] dying while trying to escape from employers , " said Nadim Houry , Senior Researcher for Human Rights Watch ( HRW ) in Lebanon .
" This pattern [ of abuse ] is on going , " Houry told CNN , citing " bad working conditions , isolation and a feeling of helplessness that comes from lack of recourse , " as the sources of desperation that can drive these women to their deaths .
" It is ridiculous ... this is modern day slavery , " said Wissam , a Lebanese activist who started a blog after he noticed four Ethiopian women committed suicide within 10 days in October .
" What about the things we do n't know ?
These suicides are just the tip of the iceberg of the mistreatment of these women , " he said .
In August 2008 HRW reported that more than one domestic worker was dying each week , either from suicide or failed escapes from abusive employers .
Rampant Abuse
There are more than 200,000 migrant domestic workers in Lebanon -- roughly one per every four families .
Overwhelmingly they are women in their 20s and 30s who come alone from the Philippines , Sri Lanka , Ethiopia , Indonesia , Nepal and Madagascar , to earn money to support families back home .
According to HRW , more than one third of foreign domestic workers in Lebanon are denied time off and more than 50 percent work at least 10 hours per day .
A 2001 International Labor Organization survey of Sri Lankan domestics in Lebanon found that 88 percent were given no time - off .
Among the 70 respondents , nearly 30 percent said they were not given enough food to eat .
Over the past several years there have been increasing reports of exploitation documented in the media , including testimonies from domestic workers about withholding of wages , verbal or physical abuse and restrictions on free movement .
Statistics on abuse are difficult to find though , because employees are often afraid to complain , prevented from doing so , or simply do n't know how .
" The isolation is key ...
Their passports are confiscated and they are often locked in .
They are far from home , and not all of them can contact their families -- some can once per month , " Houry told CNN .
One Nepalese maid who spoke to HRW from her hospital bed , after jumping from the third floor of her employer 's building to escape , said she had seen snow - capped mountains from the window and thought she could walk across to find her village .
She did not understand that Lebanon was thousands of miles away from her home in Nepal .
" She just had no idea where she landed , " Houry said .
Both charity organizations and foreign embassies in Lebanon say they have their hands full dealing with runaways and incidents of abuse .
In August , the Philippines Embassy reported that 117 women who had escaped from maltreatment were sleeping on the embassy floor .
The Catholic relief organization CARITAS also estimated that they have an average of 40 runaway domestics sleeping in their shelter at any one time .
Roots of the Problem
The abuse faced by migrant domestic workers is a common problem throughout the Arab Middle East , both because of generally poor labor regulation and also cultural prejudice .
" The responsibility lies primarily with the state .
There are no inspectors who can check on working conditions .
The laws need to be modified , " Houry said .
" The mistreatment of these women and the absence of any government protection is not just in Lebanon -- it 's in all the Arab countries , " Wissam said .
Neither the Lebanese Labor Ministry , nor General Security , who regulate migrant workers , could be reached for comment on this article .
Because domestic work is performed in the private sphere , it is not considered formal labor and is not covered by Lebanon 's labor laws .
In January , the government issued a uniform contract for all maids , which took the critical step of guaranteeing one day off per week and decent working conditions .
Rights activists say that the contracts though are not being enforced .
Both Houry and Wissam also pointed to social norms of prejudice that condone abuse .
" There is racism against people of poor background and darker skin , " Houry said .
This past summer an HRW investigation found that 17 private beaches , out of a nation - wide total of 27 , do not allow Asian or African domestic workers to swim , which they argued reflects latent cultural racism in Lebanon .
" There is a mind set among some that says these women have to work for me , and if they do n't do it , I have to beat them , " Wissam said .
" This misconception dehumanizes these women . "
Bill Clinton urges passage of health - reform bill , warning failure would be ' a colossal blunder '
By Garance Franke - Ruta
Former president Bill Clinton waded in the debate on the health - care reform bill Thursday , urging support for its passage and warning " America ca n't afford to let the perfect be the enemy of the good . "
" This is a good bill , " he wrote in a statement released by the William J. Clinton Foundation .
" It increases the security of those who already have insurance and gives every American access to affordable coverage ; and contains comprehensive efforts to control costs and improve quality , with more information on best practices , and comparative costs and results .
The bill will shift the power away from the insurance companies and into the hands of consumers . "
And he urged that those wavering in their support of it seize the mantle of history and act to insure its passage , despite their misgivings .
" Our only responsible choice is the path of action .
Does this bill read exactly how I would write it ?
No .
Does it contain everything everyone wants ?
Of course not .
But America can't afford to let the perfect be the enemy of the good , " he wrote .
" Take it from someone who knows : these chances do n't come around every day .
Allowing this effort to fall short now would be a colossal blunder -- both politically for our party and , far more important , for the physical , fiscal , and economic health of our country . "
I remember when I was a very bored kid at secondary school , I discovered a book in the school library called " The Boy Electrician " .
The book was very old and seemed to assume that it was perfectly acceptable for kids to build their own X - ray machines and mess about with other extremely dangerous apparatus .
One of the interesting bits was about a spark coil with a vibrating reed switch that could generate extremely high voltages when powered and could be used to drive such delights as Geissler tubes ( early neon tubes ) , the afore mentioned X - ray unit and various other dangerous devices including a mini Jacob 's ladder .
At the time it was n't too practical to build the spark coil due to it 's requirement for seemingly outdated and hard to obtain materials ( A pound of soft iron wire and a Geissler tube please ) , but later on when I had left school and started as an apprentice electrician I started to get my hands on all sorts of dubious technical stuff .
It followed that when I salvaged a 10 kV 30 mA neon transformer from a dead sign , the first thing I did was make a Jacobs ladder by taping some bits of wire to a lovely white formica worktop with masking tape and then applying the high voltage transformer .
With a bit of adjustment it soon started to operate and I was rewarded with the gratifying noise and sight of a real live Jacobs ladder .
This ended abruptly with a loud pop noise as the HT tracked across the formica worktop leaving a permanent skid mark .
This rather offputting finale meant that I tucked the trasnsformer away for future use .
Once you know what a Jacobs ladder is you will easily spot them being used on vintage black and white horror movies , where they were frequently used as part of the apparatus used to bring Frankenstein back to life .
F**k knows what they were using for transformers then , but the things were blasting meaty arcs across about 8 " ( 200 mm ) gaps with ease .
Unfortunately it 's a bit difficult to get transformers capable of driving the bigger ladders , which tend to use either custom wound transformers or pole mounting power distribution transformers run in reverse with a big choke in series with the secondary .
On the other hand , a standard 10 to 15 kV neon sign transformer is perfect for making small ladders .
The ideal transformer has as high a voltage as you can get .
Invariably this is 10 kV in the UK and 15 kV in the USA , since these are the legal maximum voltages allowed for neon signs .
The neon transformers are perfect since they have a current limiting characteristic that stops the transformer from pushing too much current through the arc .
The ideal current is basically the highest you can get which in the case of my unit is 50 mA at 10 kV supplied by an Italian made neon transformer .
The basic construction and principle of a Jacobs ladder is that a metal vee is formed from two bits of wire and a high voltage is applied across them .
The electricity arcs across at the bottom of the vee where the electrodes are closest together .
The air that the spark is passing through is ionised making it a preffered route for the arc , so when it heats up and begins to rise it drags the arc up the metal vee pulling it wider as it goes .
In a correctly set up ladder the arc will travel all the way to the top where the wires have a sharp outward bend in them to pull the arc apart to the point that it extinguishes and the whole process starts again at the bottom of the vee .
Here 's a picture of the base of my own Jacobs ladder showing the mounting of the wires .
You will notice that there is a third electrode at the base of the vee , and this is a Gabriel electrode used to make the gap at the bottom of the vee less critical .
In a normal Jacobs ladder there is no third electrode and it can sometimes be difficult to balance the shape of the vee for the best results .
If the base is too close then the arc wo n't rise all the way to the top of the ladder because it 's easier just to jump the gap at the bottom again .
If the base is too far apart then there is the serious risk of the arc not striking at all meaning that the unit will look as if it 's switched off when in fact the full voltage is across it .
With the limitation of a 10 kV transformer I found that the gap was too critical and I designed the Gabriel electrode to solve the problem .
It allows the gap to be much wider than normal , but allows the ionisation of the air via two 1 Megohm resistors that make the middle electrode into a semi desireable path for the arc .
When the unit is starting an arc it initially jumps over between the middle electrode and the opposing electrode which ionises the air and then pulls the current limited voltage down on the middle electrode .
The arc then jumps across the remainder of the gap .
It works very well .
Celluloid Heroes : Best Directors of the Decade
When it comes to making movies , it may be the actors who rake in the big bucks , but anyone who knows anything about the business will tell you that it ’s the director who truly makes the film what it is .
With the exception of the annual barrage of award shows , directors are never really given the attention that they deserve , so as part of our ongoing look back at the movies of the 2000s , here is a list of the best directors of the decade .
Though I had originally intended to keep the list to just five names , it quickly became obvious that it would be impossible to do , especially when you consider just how many great movies each one delivered over the course of the last ten years .
7. Wes Anderson
Love him or hate him , Wes Anderson knows how to make great movies .
Though he ’s remembered more for his quirky screenplays than his ability behind the camera , Anderson seems to have a hand in every single detail of his movies , and that ’s a telltale sign of someone in love with their craft .
He also boasts one of the best stables of actors in town ( Bill Murray , Angelica Huston , the Wilson brothers , etc. ) , and more recently , nabbed such in - demand actors as George Clooney and Meryl Streep to voice a couple of talking foxes in a stop - motion animated film that ’s actually better than Pixar ’s latest .
Add to that one of the best comedies of the decade in “ The Royal Tenenbaums , ” the cult favorite “ The Life Aquatic , ” and the criminally underrated “ The Darjeeling Limited , ” and his place on this list suddenly does n’t seem so unwarranted .
6. Clint Eastwood
Sometimes working too much can have a counteracting effect , because while Clint Eastwood was able to bang out nine films over the course of the last decade , it ’s his hit - and - miss track record that ultimately prevents him from finishing higher on the list .
For every “ Letters from Iwo Jima , ” there ’s a “ Flags of Our Fathers , ” and while films like “ Million Dollar Baby , ” “ Mystic River ” and “ Gran Torino ” are easily some of the best movies of their respective years , “ Space Cowboys ” and “ Changeling ” are some of the worst .
His latest film , “ Invictus , ” falls somewhere in between , and that ’s only because he makes the subject material better than it is .
Still , if there ’s anything we can learn from a guy like Eastwood , it ’s that sometimes less is more .
5. Peter Jackson
Apart from making three of the biggest movies of the decade , Peter Jackson also tackled a remake of one of the most iconic movie monsters of all time and a best - selling novel where the main character spends a majority of the story in heaven .
If “ The Fellowship of the Ring ” had n’t become a worldwide sensation , though , Jackson ’s career could have gone down a very different path .
After having been entrusted by New Line Cinema to shoot all three “ Lord of the Rings ” films back - to - back , Jackson returned the favor by delivering a worldwide sensation that kept the studio in business for a few more years ( before merging with Warner Bros. ) , while making a name for himself as a visual maestro .
That led to another pet project , “ King Kong , ” and eventually to a big screen adaptation of “ The Lovely Bones . ”
Neither one is quite as good as the “ LOTR ” trilogy , but then again , neither are most movies .
4. Joel and Ethan Coen
The Brothers Coen got off to a great start in 2000 with the musical comedy “ O Brother , Where Art Thou ? , ” only to follow it up with duds like “ Intolerable Cruelty ” and “ The Ladykillers . ”
Of course , I ’ve resisted from even mentioning “ The Man Who Was n’t There ” because , although not exactly a failure , it had absolutely no impact on me .
They eventually turned things around with the 2007 Oscar winner , “ No Country for Old Man , ” which was not only one of the best films of their career , but of the decade as well .
“ Burn After Reading ” saw them revisit their quirkier side , while “ A Serious Man , ” although much different from their other films in that it does n’t feature a single big - name actor , is the kind of movie that you need to watch more than once to fully appreciate .
That could be considered a negative in this day and age , but it ’s exactly that disregard for mainstream audiences that makes their work so memorable .
3. Jason Reitman
As the child of a big - time movie director , I ’m not sure if it ’s easier to succeed in Hollywood or fail , but Jason Reitman has quickly outshined his father ’s legacy with three of the best films of the decade .
Granted , it ’s not a lot to judge by compared to some of the other directors on this list , but Reitman has proven himself more than adept at making movies – especially when he ’s the one writing them .
His 2005 debut , “ Thank You for Smoking , ” was a great adaptation of an already funny Christopher Buckley novel , while 2007 ’s “ Juno ” continued a trend of getting great performances from every one of his actors .
Though he ’s yet to be rewarded for his work behind the camera , “ Up in the Air ” shows an incredible maturity to his filmmaking that might finally net him a golden statue .
Even if it does n’t , though , that does n’t change the fact that he makes the kind of movies that just about everyone can enjoy .
2. Quentin Tarantino
Quentin Tarantino is the kind of director that other filmmakers must secretly hate , because his movies are unlike anything you ’ve ever seen before .
What ’s so great about a Tarantino flick is that he takes a genre that most people might not usually be interested in and revamps them for a mainstream crowd .
He also writes some of the most quotable dialogue in the business and has a knack for using actors whose careers have long been dead .
David Carradine delivered his greatest performance as the titular character in the two - part revenge film , “ Kill Bill , ” while Kurt Russell was all sorts of vintage cool in the “ Death Proof ” portion of “ Grindhouse . ”
Of course , Tarantino ’s greatest achievement of this year came with the release of his World War II epic “ Inglourious Basterds , ” a decidedly more mature feature from the director that proved even Tarantino could grow up when the time came .
1. Christopher Nolan
When your weakest film is the 2002 thriller “ Insomnia , ” you know you ’ve had a great career , and Christopher Nolan ’s only gets better with each passing year .
Before directing big stars like Al Pacino and Robin Williams , however , Nolan made a name for himself with the mind - bending reverse narrative , “ Memento . ”
Both movies were pretty big achievements for a young filmmaker , but they pale in comparison to what he accomplished with the Batman films .
After successfully rebooting the franchise with 2005 ’s “ Batman Begins , ” Nolan struck gold again with the 2008 follow - up , “ The Dark Knight , ” when his highly - debated decision to cast Heath Ledger as the Joker paid off in spades .
It ’s actually quite surprising that Nolan has yet to receive an Oscar nomination for his work – especially with underrated gems like “ The Prestige ” to his name – because he ’s easily one of the best directors working today .
Celebrate New Year 's Eve in London .
It 's one of London 's biggest party nights , with a host of festivities , fireworks and fun !
On New Year 's Eve , London comes alive with celebrations , fireworks and parties in every corner of the capital .
Prepare to be dazzled by spectacular fireworks along the river Thames , at Alexandra Palace Park or one of many other London fireworks displays on New Year 's Eve , and for those who like to party , New Year 's Eve in London offers you some of the best , clubs , pubs , dining , private celebrations and sophisticated functions in the world .
This year 's fireworks display in Central London will be at the London Eye , which is celebrating its 10th anniversary .
In the run-up to the midnight show , music will be played by Radio One 's award - winning DJ Nihal .
The Mayor of London Boris Johnson says : " London will bring in 2010 with a bang , a glittering explosion across the midnight sky .
We want to show to the world that we are looking forward to the future with the optimism and energy that characterises our capital and makes it the most exciting city on earth . "
The Mayor 's office advises New Year 's Eve revellers to plan ahead .
Many venues , such as pubs , bars and clubs , are likely to be ticketed with advance booking .
Space in viewing areas along the Thames to watch the fireworks will be limited , but the display will , of course , be broadcast live on television .
Find the best views of the fireworks in London for New Year 's Eve , the prime viewing spots along the Thames for watching the fireworks with Epic Fireworks .
I have written previously about my opinion of the Democrats ’ health care bills .
I have also written about the economic problems which this bill will cause .
I have questioned the need for this bill by dispelling the myth that 47 million Americans do not have health insurance because they cannot afford it .
Additionally , I have written about the declines in quality of health care that are sure to come following the enactment of these plans .
One thing I have not written much about is the legality of passing this type of health care reform .
The Constitution is the supreme law of the land .
No matter how much we all want a new law , regulation , or program , this new law , regulation , or program is illegal if not authorized by the Constitution .
The rule of law is the idea that leaders and government officials must follow the law just as common people must follow the law .
If our leaders violate the Constitution while pursuing reforms .
they are violating the rule of law .
Although a majority ( or at least a plurality ) of Americans have opposed the Democrats ’ health care plan in EVERY SINGLE POLL on the issue for over a month now , a bill has passed the House of Representatives and a similar bill will almost certainly pass the Senate this Thursday .
However , the popularity or unpopularity of a law has no bearing on its Constitutionality .
The first problem with this bill is the “ insurance mandate . ”
If this bill is enacted into law , all Americans who can afford to purchase health insurance but fail to do so are subject to a fine of $ 750 .
Failure to pay this fine will lead to a prison sentence .
One obvious question here is why , if health insurance is so good and vital do people have to be threatened with jail time for not purchasing it ?
More troubling than this question is the legal basis for imposing such a mandate on Americans .
There is no historical precedent for this type of mandate .
A similar insurance mandate was considered in a 1994 health care bill which prompted CBO analysts to write : “ A mandate requiring all individuals to purchase health insurance would be an unprecedented form of federal action .
The government has never required people to buy any good or service as a condition of lawful residence in the United States . ”
More importantly though , there is not a Constitutional precedent for an insurance mandate .
Read the entire Constitution as many times as you like : you will find nothing in the document which grants the government the right to force citizens to purchase a privately produced product .
Article I , Section 8 of the US Constitution lists the “ enumerated powers ” of Congress .
There is absolutely no mention of anything even remotely relating to a ) the right of Congress to enact laws regarding health care b ) the right of Congress to force Americans to buy a product from a private company under penalty of fine or imprisonment .
Liberals will likely argue that Congress does have the power to enact this type of mandate ( and this health care bill as a whole ) by citing three clauses within Article 1 , Section 8 : the “ general welfare clause , ” the “ commerce clause , ” and the “ necessary and proper clause . ”
Here is why they are wrong on all three points .
The “ general welfare ” clause of the Constitution reads as follows :
“ The Congress shall have power To lay and collect Taxes , Duties , Imposts and Excises , to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States … ”
Liberals see the phrase “ general Welfare of the United States ” to mean that Congress has the right to provide for the good and welfare of citizens of the United States .
This is an incorrect and dangerous view of the Constitution .
The Constitution was written to create a new federal government by mutual consent of independent States .
Thus , the name United States meant just that –States which were united as partners in a common government .
The meaning of this clause in the Constitution therefore means that Congress has the power to provide for the “ general welfare of the States . ”
By no means does this clause imply that Congress has the right to provide for the “ general welfare of all American citizens . ”
Such a power was neither written , nor implied in this clause .
But dont take my word for it .
The “ Father of the Constitution , ” James Madison agreed with my sentiments when he said :
“ If Congress can employ money indefinitely to the general welfare , and are the sole and supreme judges of the general welfare , they may take the care of religion into their own hands ; they may appoint teachers in every State , county and parish and pay them out of their public treasury ; they may take into their own hands the education of children , establishing in like manner schools throughout the Union ; they may assume the provision of the poor ; they may undertake the regulation of all roads other than post - roads ; in short , every thing , from the highest object of state legislation down to the most minute object of police , would be thrown under the power of Congress … .
Were the power of Congress to be established in the latitude contended for , it would subvert the very foundations , and transmute the very nature of the limited Government established by the people of America . ”
The “ commerce clause ” of the Constitution reads as follows :
“ The Congress shall have power …
To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations , and among the several States , and with the Indian Tribes . ”
The interpretation of this clause has been widened greatly over the years , helping nationalists as well as socialists consolidate power on the federal level .
However , even given the wide interpretation of this clause , Congress lacks the power to nationally mandate health care .
I ( as well as many others ) previously advocated allowing consumers to purchase insurance plans across state lines .
The reasoning here was that allowing a national insurance market to emerge would increase competition and lead to more insurance carriers , lower costs , and better products ( as it has done in many other industries ) .
However , Congress long ago prohibited the slae of insurance plans across state lines .
This measure is one of the primary reasons why health care costs are out of control , making it one of the primary reasons why the system is broken , in turn making it one of the primary reasons why the Democrats are attempting to nationalize health care .
However , this measure is also a major reason why it is unconstitutional for Congress to nationalize health care .
Yes , Congress does have the right to regulate commerce between the states .
However , Congress has no power whatsoever to regulate commerce within an individual state .
By refusing to allow insurance companies to compete across state lines , Congress has lost any legal right it would have to regulate health care .
Thus , Congress has created a sort of legal “ catch - 22 . ”
Perhaps the most common excuse that big government proponents use to enact statist policies is the “ necessary and proper clause ” of the Constitution .
The “ necessary and proper clause ” reads as follows :
“ The Congress shall have power …
To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers , and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States , or in any Department or Officer thereof . ”
Liberals ( and conservatives when it is convenient for them ) tend to stop paying attention to this clause after the word “ proper ” and interpret it to mean that Congress has the power to do as it wishes , as long as the measure is both necessary and proper .
This is not true .
As clearly stated above , Congress can only [ legally ] pass laws which are necessary and proper to executing the powers listed in Article 1 , Section 8 of the Constitution .
But , even if this clause does allow Congress to pass any law that is both “ necessary and proper , ” the insurance mandate is still an unconstitutional violation of this clause .
For a law to meet the qualifications in the above clause , the law would have to be both “ necessary , ” and “ proper . ”
The fact of the matter is that this mandate is not “ necessary . ”
Many people are uninsured by choice .
They have the means to purchase insurance but for whatever reason choose not to .
I wrote about this more extensively here .
But here are a few quotes :
“ A lot of other people are also voluntarily uninsured .
For example , about 9 million people ( more than one in five of the uninsured ) are eligible for employer insurance and decline to enroll even though the employer share of the premium is usually nominal . ”
“ The largest increase in the number of uninsured in recent years has occurred among higher - income families . ”
“ Further , over the past decade , the number of uninsured increased by 54 % in households earning between $ 50,000 and $ 75,000 and by 130 % among households earning $ 75,000 or more .
By contrast , in households earning less than $ 50,000 the number of uninsured decreased approximately 3 % . ”
What the above quotes indicate is that many people who do have the financial ability to purchase health care coverage decline to do so .
These people would prefer to use their money to purchase other items , or to save .
For these people , it is NOT necessary that they have health insurance .
Two further reasons why this bill is unconstitutional are found in the Constitution in Article I , Section 9 .
One clause in Section 9 reads as follows :
“ No Bill of Attainder or ex post facto Law shall be passed . ”
A bill of attainder is a law which targets a specific group of people .
Requiring individuals to purchase health insurance under penalty of fine or imprisonment violates this prohibition by directly targeting those who choose not to purchase insurance .
I spoke with Dr. Robert Levy , Chairman of the Cato Institute , and the legal scholar behind the D.C. v. Heller case .
I asked Dr. Levy if the proposed individual mandate constitutes a violation of the Constitutional prohibition on bills of attainder .
His response is below ( all emphasis added by me ) :
“ As you correctly note , Article I , sec . 9 of the Constitution forbids the federal government from enacting bills of attainder – broadly defined as legislative acts , civil or criminal , that inflict punishment without a judicial trial .
The most egregious bills of attainder designate by name the parties to be punished .
But the Supreme Court has also invalidated legislation where the names are omitted , yet could be ascertained without great difficulty .
See , e.g. , United States v. Brown , 381 U.S. 437 ( 1965 ) ( federal crime for member of Communist party to serve as officer of labor union ) .
Legislative bodies are supposed to enact general rules , broadly applicable , that grant rights , impose obligations , or prohibit acts .
The judiciary then decides whether specific persons are entitled to a right or bound by an obligation or prohibition .
In carrying out their function , courts have to follow prescribed procedures — e.g. , jury trials and rules of evidence — that are not applicable to legislatures .
That ’s why the Bill of Attainder Clause was included in the Constitution — to prevent legislatures from punishing identifiable persons or groups without giving them an opportunity to defend themselves .
For the Bill of Attainder Clause to be successfully invoked , a court would have to conclude that it was the legislature ’s intent to punish rather than to regulate for a legitimate political purpose .
In my view , the prospects for a successful bill of attainder challenge to the insurance mandate are negligible – but only because the Supreme Court is less attentive than you and I to the Constitution . “
Besides the insurance mandate , this bill fails on several other Constitutional grounds .
The 10th Amendment reads as follows :
“ The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the States , are reserved to the States respectively , or to the people . ”
This expressly means that all powers not mentioned in Article 1 , Section 8 of the Constitution belong to the states or the people .
Thus , because health care is not mentioned in the Constitution , this power belongs to individual states .
While this provision would allow states to create their own state run health acre plans , it would not allow states to require insurance mandates , nor would it allow them to ban the provision of private health insurance .
According to Article 1 , Section 10 of the Constitution , “ No State shall … pass any Bill of Attainder , ex post facto Law , or Law impairing the Obligation of Contracts . ”
The prohibition on laws impairing the obligation of contracts means that no state can interfere with the rights of citizens to enter into private contracts with insurance providers ( or with any other business ) .
Finally , as mentioned above Congress has already declared that health insurance is not classified as interstate commerce .
Remember that by denying insurance providers the right to sell insurance across state lines , they have made health care an intrastate issue , rather than an interstate issue .
Congress simply does not have the power to regulate intrastate commerce .
The fact of the matter is that no matter how badly liberals want this bill to pass , it is unconstitutional .
Congress does not have the legal power to enact this law .
I hate to even bring this up , but there is one way that the Democrats could pass a bill of this magnitude legally ; they would need to amend the Constitution to grant Congress the right to provide health care .
Illinois Congressman Jesse Jackson , Jr. has proposed such an amendment .
While I would oppose the ratification of this amendment , its ratification would at least lay the legal grounds under which the government could provide health care .
Until such an amendment passes , the federal government ’s legislation regarding health care is in direct violation of the Constitution , and as such , should be ignored or nullified by the States .
Americanly Yours ,
Phred Barnet
Please help me promote my site :
Share on Facebook
Become a fan on Facebook
Sam Savage ’s new book Flaw of Averages has a brilliantly simple explanation of why volatility in the housing market caused such problems for banks recently .
When housing prices drop , more people default on their mortgages and obviously that hurts banks .
But banks are also in trouble when the housing market is volatile , even if on average house prices are good .
Suppose there ’s no change in the housing market on average .
Prices go up in some areas and down in other areas .
As long as the ups and downs average out , there should be no change in bank profits , right ?
Wrong !
When the housing market goes up a little bit , mortgage defaults drop a little bit and bank profits go up a little bit .
But when the market goes down a little bit , defaults go up more than just a little bit , and bank profits go down more than a little bit .
There is much more down - side potential than up - side potential .
Say 95 % of homeowners pay their mortgages .
Then a good housing market can only improve repayments by 5 % .
But a bad housing market could decrease repayments by much more .
In mathematical terminology , the bank profits are a concave function of house prices .
Jensen ’s inequality says that if f( ) is a concave function ( say bank profits ) and X is a random variable ( say , house prices ) then the average of f ( X ) is less than f( average of X ) .
Average profit is less than the profit from the average .
Related posts
During the turbulent days after Hurricane Katrina made landfall , New Orleans police shot 10 civilians , at least four of whom died , according to interviews and internal police documents .
Some incidents involving police were widely publicized and have prompted a U.S. Justice Department inquiry into the conduct of the New Orleans Police Department that has brought dozens of officers before federal grand juries to testify .
ADVERTISEMENT
But a fresh examination of the post - storm period — a joint effort by ProPublica , The New Orleans Times - Picayune , and PBS “ Frontline ” — raises additional questions about the actions of police who shot civilians .
It also reveals deep flaws in the department ’s efforts to investigate its officers ’ use of deadly force in the chaos after the storm .
Any time an officer squeezes the trigger , a few issues immediately arise :
Was the shooting justifiable , a situation that left the cop with no choice but to use lethal force ?
Or did the officer fire on someone who did n’t truly pose a threat ?
At the NOPD , each shooting is supposed to be thoroughly scrutinized to ensure the decision to shoot was proper .
But in the Katrina shootings , the department performed only cursory investigations before exonerating their fellow officers , interviews and internal police documents show .
Cops who were present when the gunfire occurred took no statements from witnesses , or even their names and phone numbers .
They repeatedly failed to gather important physical evidence , like weapons and bullet casings .
Weeks later , when homicide detectives began looking into the shootings , they did little more than speak to the officers involved .
Interviews with the cops who fired shots lasted as few as seven minutes .
ADVERTISEMENT
In one case , the lead NOPD detective examining a fatal shooting completed her 12 - page report without reading the autopsy .
She did not realize the victim , a 45 - year - old man , had been shot in the back , an injury that contradicted the officers ’ version of events , sworn testimony shows .
More than four years later , the performance of the police after Katrina remains a matter of debate .
Many officers who stuck it out during those days behaved selflessly , saving lives while working in the worst of conditions .
However , Katrina also dealt the department ’s image a blow , as hundreds of officers abandoned their posts , and some were spotted stealing from stores .
Many of the facts surrounding the post - Katrina police shootings are murky .
But the available evidence suggests they ’re part of a broader pattern of violent encounters between police and civilians , one that is now under investigation by the U.S. Justice Department ’s Civil Rights Division .
In the week after Katrina , New Orleans police killed and wounded as many people as they do in a typical year .
ADVERTISEMENT
A federal grand jury is looking into the death of Henry Glover , who died on Sept. 2 , 2005 , allegedly while in the custody of NOPD officers on the West Bank .
His charred remains were discovered in a burned automobile near the Fourth District police station .
The NOPD did not launch a probe of his death until after news reports about it surfaced in late 2008 .
Among the officers that probe is centered on , sources close to it say , is Capt .
Jeff Winn , who commanded the department ’s SWAT team when the storm struck and who has been widely regarded as a hero for his work during the storm .
ADVERTISEMENT
Federal agents are also examining the Sept. 4 , 2005 , incident in which police officers on the Danziger Bridge fired on a group of civilians , killing two and injuring four more .
Detectives in that case cleared their colleagues without collecting key evidence .
And as The Times - Picayune has reported , witnesses supposedly interviewed by a one police detective might not exist .
Under duress
NOPD Commander Bob Young said the department would n’t comment on any post -Katrina incidents because of the federal inquiries .
“ There ’s a perception that because an investigation was n’t thorough , that there is something sinister there , ” said Capt .
Mike Glasser , president of the Police Association of New Orleans .
“ I do n’t think that ’s a fair assumption . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Glasser thinks people who “ sit in judgment ” of the department ’s actions need to be aware of the extraordinary challenges posed by Katrina .
He pointed out that floodwaters deluged police headquarters .
Patrol cars floated away .
Radio communication collapsed , and cell phone reception was spotty .
With the department ’s command structure crippled , the department splintered into smaller factions of officers who roamed the city , doing what they could to help people .
Normal police practices had to be jettisoned .
“ This was as close to an apocalyptic event as you can see , ’’ Glasser said .
And attorney Eric Hessler , an ex-police officer who represents two officers who are at the center of the U.S. Justice Department ’s probes , said flaws in the NOPD investigations of the shootings reflected the chaotic conditions after the flood .
“ There was no way to do a proper investigation during Katrina , ” Hessler said , adding that it was “ physically impossible . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Evidence was n’t able to be collected and maintained and stored properly because there was no evidence room , ’’ he said .
“ The NOPD evidence room was under 15 feet of water . ”
Experts who reviewed the available case files at the request of reporters acknowledged the storm was devastating , but they said it was no excuse for the shoddy shooting investigations , which stretched into mid-2006 .
“ The quality of the police work was abysmal , ” said Dennis Kenney , a former cop who now teaches classes about policing at John Jay College of Criminal Justice in New York .
After reading the documents , Kenney said the shootings demand further scrutiny .
Looking into the past
Seeking to reconstruct events from those days , reporters spoke to law enforcement sources and witnesses to the shootings and obtained hundreds of pages of documents , including NOPD reports , autopsy records , court filings and internal affairs data .
The journalists focused on four violent encounters between police officers and members of the public .
ADVERTISEMENT
In three of the incidents — which will be detailed in the coming days by The Times - Picayune , PBS “ Frontline ” and ProPublica — police fired on citizens .
A fourth possible police shooting identified by reporters was not described in any official documents .
Its aftermath , though , was glimpsed by Times - Picayune City Editor Gordon Russell , who describes what he saw in an accompanying story .
In normal times , a whole series of protocols kicks in when a New Orleans officer fires a shot .
First , the officer is taken off the streets and given a temporary desk job .
An NOPD homicide detective — typically a supervisor — promptly starts conducting interviews and collecting evidence , detailing all the findings in a report .
Ultimately , the shooting is deemed justified or unjustified .
The detective ’s report is then sent to the district attorney ’s office , where prosecutors in the screening unit decide whether to charge the officer with a crime .
The Katrina time period was anything but normal .
The NOPD wrote very few police reports related to violent crimes or deaths from Aug. 29 to Sept. 12 .
No reports were written for murders , shootings or aggravated batteries , according to the department .
Several police sources have said then - Superintendent Eddie Compass instructed police on the scenes of officer - involved shootings to write up only a brief report and mark the incident as “ NAT , ” the police code for “ necessary action taken . ”
This was noted in one initial report , which included a sentence that Compass “ advised that a short gist was needed . ”
Compass declined to comment .
ADVERTISEMENT
Homicide detectives did n’t begin scrutinizing many of the police shootings until weeks after the floodwaters had receded , and the investigations dragged on well into 2006 .
Former Lt. Jimmy Keen , who commanded the Major Case Homicide unit at the time , said it took time for news of the police shootings to work its way to his staff .
And for a time , his detectives were n’t investigating anything — they were deployed to patrol for looters in eastern New Orleans .
Given the obstacles facing the city at the time , investigating police shootings was n’t a priority , Keen said .
When the detectives heard about the shootings , they went to supervisors to take over the cases , he said .
Red flags in reports
Detectives did not fault their colleagues for firing their weapons .
Officers were cleared of any wrongdoing in the three shootings detailed in this series .
And in all three cases , the district attorney ’s office declined to press charges .
However , the official case files raise questions about the quality of the investigations .
ADVERTISEMENT
A police officer shot Danny Brumfield Sr. in the back , something NOPD ’s homicide detective DeCynda Barnes never learned .
Her 12 - page report erroneously stated that he was shot in the left shoulder .
Under questioning in 2007 , Barnes said she never read Brumfield ’s autopsy report .
Two police officers shot Keenon McCann repeatedly for brandishing a handgun .
But when officers approached McCann , they could n’t find a weapon .
NOPD detectives never questioned civilians who observed McCann ’s shooting , and they did n’t know how many times he had been shot or where those bullets struck him , the homicide report indicates .
An officer shot Matthew McDonald in the back with an AR - 15 assault rifle , killing the man .
McDonald ’s relatives , who live in Connecticut , said authorities told them he was murdered by another civilian .
Family members did n’t know otherwise until they were contacted recently by a reporter .
Experts were sharply critical of how the NOPD investigated the shootings .
A key issue , they said , was how detectives conducted interviews .
Homicide detectives spent between seven and 12 minutes questioning the officers responsible for the shootings , according to transcripts of those interviews .
ADVERTISEMENT
Experts said that ’s nowhere near long enough for a detailed question - and - answer session .
“ That raises a red flag , ” said Sam Walker , professor emeritus in the criminal justice department at the University of Nebraska at Omaha and author of numerous books on policing .
“ I do n’t know how in the world you can do a shooting interview that quickly . ”
Detectives also relied heavily on the stories told by the officers directly involved in the shootings , doing little to verify or corroborate those accounts .
The experts faulted investigators for repeatedly failing to question civilians who witnessed the events .
Barbara Attard has studied police misconduct cases for 25 years , most recently as the independent police auditor for San Jose , Calif .
She is now a consultant on police practices .
ADVERTISEMENT
After reading the interviews in the two cases for which they are available , Attard said NOPD detectives “ are just taking statements from the officers and going with that .
They ’re not trying to contact anyone else .
…
Somebody should ’ve been collecting the names of witnesses and trying to verify the facts . ”
‘ Did n’t have the luxury ’
Not all of the NOPD ’s investigations of police shootings have been so limited .
In December 2006 , for example , detective Harold R. Wischan examined the death of Gerald Arthur , who died after a scuffle with police during a drug arrest .
Wischan ’s investigative report is far more comprehensive than most of the post - Katrina reports .
When an officer shot Herman McMillan in 2008 , detectives went door to door looking for witnesses .
They questioned at least eight civilian witnesses , the homicide file shows .
Department supporters say the NOPD simply lacked the time or resources for thorough investigations into the post - storm incidents .
“ On a normal police shooting you ’d have a whole squad of detectives , which would be a homicide lieutenant , a sergeant , and at least three additional detectives , ” said Hessler , the cop-turned - attorney who represents NOPD officers .
“ They did n’t have the luxury of that .
You might be lucky if you had a sergeant .
You did n’t have a crime scene photographer to photograph the evidence as it laid there .
You did n’t have a crime scene technician . ”
But Kenney , the professor at John Jay College , notes that detectives were still examining the post - Katrina shootings in the spring of 2006 .
By that time , he said , investigators could have at least done lengthy interviews with the officers involved and compiled other evidence .
“ In any legitimate society , the police should hold a monopoly on violence , ” he said .
“ The follow - ups assure us that the monopoly on violence we ’ve given them is being used appropriately . ”
By A.C. Thompson , ProPublica , Brendan McCarthy and Laura Maggi , Times - Picayune
Does your future include a sixth sense ?
For $ 350 it might
Can humans develop a “ sixth sense ” for accessing information databases ?
Do humans need a sixth sense ?
What kinds of abuse could being online 24/7/365 bring ?
If you have seen the Tom Cruise / Steven Spielberg film , Minority Report , you may have been forced into thinking about the extent of government intrusion that may take place in a country at any given time .
Libertarians and constitutionalists warned that The Patriot Act opened the door to a regular abuse of civil liberties under the guise of fighting a “ war of terror , ” to use Borat ’s jumbled description .
If you remember Haley Joel Osment ’s haunting turn as the literally haunted Cole “ I see dead people ” Sear in The Sixth Sense , then you know his “ sixth sense ” was his ability to see and communicate with the dead , ultimately with the challenge to help them in slightly more serious ways than Ricky Gervais similar effort in Ghost Town as he was also able to communicate and help the dead through a sixth sense developed during his own near death experience .
Several months ago , MIT prof , Pattie Maes , gave a lecture at TED regarding a new sixth sense available to humans .
Not exactly communicating with the dead , this gizmo , developed by her student , Prinav Mistry , gives the user the ability to access the information of the internet instantly to assist with decision making and has the capacity to replace clock , watch , camera and your subscription to Consumer Reports .
Imagine going to a car lot , new or used , and asking the salesman for information and , while hearing a skewed sales pitch , having the accurate info beamed right onto the hood of the car ( or in a future iteration the inside of your sunglasses ) .
Think of meeting a new coworker who sees emblazoned on your white blouse :
Ordered room service for two at the Ritz - Carlton in Atlanta last night ; husband ordered room service for one at the Holiday Inn , San Francisco airport .
Watch the video and see what you think ; leave a comment if you desire .
Is this “ Big Brother ” or are we big brothering ourselves ?
Is this government intrusion or Google instrusion ?
Can she be serious when she talks about a “ sixth sense chip ” being implanted in one ’s brain ?
Would you get one ?
( HT : Brett Compton )
Man who threw dog off bridge and posted video online is brought to justice by horrified internet users
A young man who threw a dog off a bridge has been hunted down by outraged animal lovers on the internet .
He had posted mobile phone video footage on a website of himself dropping the dog on to a road below .
The man , believed to be Svajunas Beniukas , stands on the bridge clutching the dog , apparently bragging about how he will prove that dogs can fly
Then , horrifyingly , he seems to raise the dog over the railing - and let go
The man , believed to be Lithuanian Svajunas Beniukas , was filmed by friend .
The footage starts with the 22 - year - old carrying the dog - whose name is Pipiras , which means ' Pepper ' - to the side of a bridge .
He speaks to the camera and makes a joke about filming proof that ' dogs can fly ' .
Horror :
The dog lies crumpled on the ground beneath the bridge .
On the video , it can be heard crying in pain
Following the internet campaign , Beniukas is understood to have turned himself in
While the trusting animal sits calmly in his arms , he scans the traffic to make sure no cars are coming .
Then , when the coast is clear , the dog is calmly dropped over the side of the bridge .
The footage also captures a second man who filmed the incident on his mobile phone .
Miraculously , the animal survives and - to the viewers ' horror - can be heard crying in distress over the roar of the traffic .
The video is so shocking that most websites have barred its full content .
The dog was rescued and is receiving treatment for multiple fractures and internal injuries .
It is expected to survive .
But the cruel clip quickly circulated in Lithuanian where the footage was shot causing mounting outrage .
It was then passed on to other countries and began to gather pace as more and more users around the world expressed their fury .
There then began an angry search among horrified animal lovers for the culprit .
Recovery : Astonishingly , the dog is expected to survive .
It is pictured here receiving treatment for its injuries
The Lithuanian man is expected to be charged with animal cruelty
Working with the authorities , they soon realised that the dog was dropped from a bridge in the Vilkija district in Kaunas , the second largest city in Lithuania .
Local police then worked with users of a local website to identify the man as Beniukas , who - on learning of the hunt online - turned himself in to police .
Baltic Times reporter Rokas Trecevsjis said Beniukas was already on police radar - he was a suspect in a robbery that had been committed earlier .
The dog had allegedly killed some of his mother 's chickens at her home in the village of Seredzius .
It is believed Beniukas stole the dog and took it to the bridge to exact his revenge .
Beniukas , who lives in Kaunas , has been charged with animal cruelty .
If convicted , he faces up to a year in jail .
Police later issued a statement thanking users of the website 15 . min.it , in particular , for helping them to identify the culprit .
More than half the battle of starting a successful online store involves finding the right products to sell online .
And as a result , I receive between 4 - 5 emails per day from readers asking me for niche ideas .
I am sooo ready to start my own online business but I have no idea what to sell .
Can you just give me 2 or 3 good niches and I ’ll do all the work from there .
Steve , I enjoyed reading your 6 step program and I was wondering if you have some good ideas that you would like to pursue but do n’t have the time .
The funny thing about finding the right niche is that it ’s really difficult to just sit down , brainstorm mindlessly and hope to find the right product to sell .
Sure , you might get lucky and come up with a great product idea this way .
But if you ’re anything like me , creative ideas do n’t fall from the sky very often if ever at all .
In fact when I try to think of niches on my own , I often end up wasting my time on common place goods that are way too saturated or brilliant ideas that have zero demand .
Get My Free Mini Course On How To Start A Successful Ecommerce Business
Finding the right product to sell is an important aspect of starting a successful ecommerce business .
So I put together a comprehensive package of resources that will help you find ( and source ) a profitable product to sell and launch your own online store from complete scratch .
Be sure to grab it before you leave !
Click Here To Download
Here ’s the thing .
You ca n’t take a completely random approach to the niche finding process or else you ’ll end up brainstorming FOREVER .
So today , I ’m going to teach you a methodical approach to finding the best , most profitable products to sell online .
These are real methods that I use every single day that are based on real life sales data and a specialized set of tools to help me out .
As I show you my process , the important thing to realize is that you ca n’t let your experiences or personal preferences bias your thinking otherwise you ’ll get stuck on a dead end business idea .
In my experience , the best way to break out of a creative funk is by relying on computers and data because they are 100 % impartial .
Editor ’s Note :
The material in this post is just a small fraction of what I teach in my FREE 6 day mini course .
If you are interested in starting your own ecommerce business , then sign up below !
Click Here To Sign Up For My Free 6 Day Mini Course On How To Start A Profitable Online Store
Also if you ’re curious about what I sell online , you can click here to check out my little online shop .
Product Guidelines
When it comes to selling physical goods online , I always like to start with a certain set of guidelines during the product selection process .
Because selling online is completely different than selling in a brick and mortar store , you want to choose products to sell that are conducive to online purchases and appeal to the typical online buyer .
Here are some of my “ must have ” product guidelines when choosing what to sell .
The product should not be fragile and easy to ship – Because we are going to be shipping products through the mail , you can avoid most headaches if you choose a product to sell that wo n’t break during shipment .
– Because we are going to be shipping products through the mail , you can avoid most headaches if you choose a product to sell that wo n’t break during shipment .
The product should not take up much physical space – Certain ecommerce business models require carrying inventory so it ’s in your best interests to choose something small to sell and preferably an item that fits in a shoebox .
– Certain ecommerce business models require carrying inventory so it ’s in your best interests to choose something small to sell and preferably an item that fits in a shoebox .
The product ’s inherent value should be ambiguous – For example , I would never sell electronics because there is a set value for your goods that everyone is aware of .
On the contrary , keepsakes and informational goods are much harder to place a price tag on .
– For example , I would never sell electronics because there is a set value for your goods that everyone is aware of .
On the contrary , keepsakes and informational goods are much harder to place a price tag on .
The product should be timeless – Once again , I would never sell electronics because they lose value the longer they stay on the shelves
– Once again , I would never sell electronics because they lose value the longer they stay on the shelves Avoid seasonal goods –
In general , you do n’t want to choose products that are only purchased during a specific time of year .
For example , I would tend to avoid selling Halloween costumes .
– In general , you do n’t want to choose products that are only purchased during a specific time of year .
For example , I would tend to avoid selling Halloween costumes .
Sell goods that sell from $ 15 - 200 – This is the sweet spot for pricing for online purchases .
The following product guidelines are “ nice to have ” when choosing what to sell so you might want to ask yourself the following questions …
Have you chosen a niche with related products you can expand into ?
–
While we primarily sell handkerchiefs in our store , we ’ve branded our shop as a linens store so we can easily expand to other markets .
– While we primarily sell handkerchiefs in our store , we ’ve branded our shop as a linens store so we can easily expand to other markets .
Do your products lend itself to customers ordering more than one ?
–
When we sell handkerchiefs to a bride , we rarely sell 1 .
Instead a typical bride will buy at least 4 and sometimes as many as 10 .
– When we sell handkerchiefs to a bride , we rarely sell 1 .
Instead a typical bride will buy at least 4 and sometimes as many as 10 .
Can your products be personalized ?
–
The margins for personalized products are always going to be higher than regular products .
So if you can offer customized goods , you can charge more for them .
– The margins for personalized products are always going to be higher than regular products .
So if you can offer customized goods , you can charge more for them .
Are your products consumable ?
–
What ’s nice about consumables is that your repeat customer rate will be high .
As a result , your sales will tend to be more stable .
– What ’s nice about consumables is that your repeat customer rate will be high .
As a result , your sales will tend to be more stable .
Does your niche have a fan base ?
– I like to choose products that have dedicated blogs or fan pages because you have an instant set of customers to market to .
– I like to choose products that have dedicated blogs or fan pages because you have an instant set of customers to market to .
Do your products lend itself to content creation ?
–
When you own your own shop , search engine optimization will be an excellent source of traffic to your store .
As a result , the more content you can put out , the more likely you will rank .
– When you own your own shop , search engine optimization will be an excellent source of traffic to your store .
As a result , the more content you can put out , the more likely you will rank .
Do your products have lots of accessories ?
–
Many online stores make most of their margins on the accessories they sell .
So it ’s in your best interests to offer goods that are conducive to upsells and cross sells .
The 3 Types Of Products You Can Sell Online
Because there are so many different types of products that you can sell online , you also need to think about what purpose your product serves .
Is Your Product Like A Candy ?
A “ candy - like ” product is a product that does n’t really solve any problems or offer any inherent benefits but it ’s a nice - to - have .
People enjoy buying them because they bring immediate pleasure and they can be super profitable if they become trendy or become a fad .
For example , fidget spinners were a popular “ candy ” and they sold hundreds of millions of units worldwide in a short period of time but sales eventually fell off a cliff .
The problem with candy products is that when they go out of style , sales plummet .
You want to ride the wave while it lasts but you ca n’t expect long term gains .
Is Your Product Like A Vitamin ?
A “ vitamin - like ” product is a product that has long term positives and solves an emotional need but it ’s very difficult to quantify the benefits .
For example , I take Airborne when I ’m sick but I have absolutely no idea whether it actually does anything .
But it does make me believe that I ’m fighting my illness so I continue to buy it .
The most successful “ vitamin - like ” products become a habit ( like Airborne ) and create a psychological need .
Is Your Product A Painkiller ?
Painkillers solve an immediate need and are the best types of products to sell online .
One of the students in my Create A Profitable Online Store Course , Abby , makes millions every year selling special insoles for women ’s high heeled shoes .
Now I ’m a guy so I have no idea what it ’s like to wear high heels but apparently it ’s extremely uncomfortable to wear them all day because her products sell like hotcakes .
Women all over the world have foot pain and her insoles solve an immediate need .
Here ’s a podcast where I interviewed Abby .
I also have a friend , Kevin , who sells a laser hair growth product for men and he makes tens of millions of dollars every year .
Now this product I can relate to .
If I was losing my hair , I would spend gobs and gobs of money on products to get it back .
Here ’s a podcast interview I conducted with Kevin about his product
Bottom line , the holy grail of ecommerce is to sell a product that solves an immediate problem .
But most likely , you ’ll find a product that lies somewhere in between a vitamin and a painkiller and that ’s perfectly fine !
You can make money no matter what type of product you choose if you execute properly !
In any case , once you ’ve reviewed these guidelines , it ’s time to start the brainstorming process !
Below are the tools and platforms I use to find profitable products to sell that meet these criteria .
How To Find Products To Sell Using Amazon Sales Data
Amazon is slowly becoming the defacto standard for online shopping in the United States with the greatest ecommerce marketshare of any individual company .
As a result , sales data derived from Amazon is a great representation of overall demand .
In fact , more and more people are going straight to Amazon for ALL of their online shopping needs while bypassing Google and smaller online boutiques altogether .
Now at first glance , it ’s not obvious that you can derive actual sales numbers from Amazon but I ’ll show you how below .
Did you know that every item sold on Amazon is assigned a BSR or best sellers rank ?
This number is used by Amazon to rank how well a product is selling compared to others within the same category .
Here ’s an example of a BSR rating for silicon baking mats on Amazon .
So what does the BSR tell you about a particular product ?
Based on the BSR , you can make an educated guess on how many units are sold per day .
Here ’s a BSR to sales chart provided by my buddy Greg Mercer if you want to do your own Amazon sales analysis .
Using the silicone baking mat example above , a BSR of 7228 corresponds to about 10 sales per day .
In a nutshell , you can browse Amazon for product ideas and know roughly how well a product is selling by looking at the BSR .
And through some persistence and hard work , you can probably find a profitable niche to pursue .
Amazon Product Research Tool – JungleScout
Now using the method above to gauge demand works fine but it ’s extremely tedious which is why I like to use a tool called Jungle Scout to help with the research .
Jungle Scout greatly speeds up the process by nicely collating all of the products on Amazon into a nice table for consumption .
In addition , it can also point out specific products on Amazon that match your criteria .
For example , I can have Jungle Scout return me all products under the Kitchen & Dining category that make at least $ 5000 / month with less than 100 reviews .
This is extremely powerful !
Below is a 5 minute video demo on how I use Jungle Scout to do product research .
If you want to follow along with the video step by step , then download the tool at a discounted price .
Editor ’s Note :
There are 2 JungleScout tools mentioned in the video
JungleScout Chrome Plugin –
This tool allows you to see how well other products are selling on Amazon .
Click Here To Try The Jungle Scout Chrome App And Save 20 %
– This tool allows you to see how well other products are selling on Amazon .
JungleScout Web App –
This tool will help you brainstorm products to sell on Amazon .
Click Here To Try The Jungle Scout Web App And Save 20 %
Check out the 4 minute video below
Amazon Product Research Tool – Viral Launch
In addition to JungleScout , I also use an Amazon keyword research tool made by Viral Launch to help me find keywords for products that people are searching for on Amazon .
After all , if people are n’t looking for the product that you want to sell on Amazon , then you wo n’t make any sales .
What ’s powerful about the Viral Launch keyword tool is that it finds and collates keywords for you that have high search volume and low competition .
By assigning a star rating for every keyword , you can instantly know which keywords ( and products ) have high demand and low competition .
The upshot is that Viral Launch allows you to quickly find great products even if you have no idea what products to sell !
Below is a 5 minute video demo on how I use Viral Launch to do product research .
If you want to follow along with the video step by step , then download the tool at a discounted price .
Click Here To Save 15 % Lifetime On The Viral Launch Keyword Tool
Additional Guidelines For A Good Product To Sell On Amazon
As you scan through all of the products on Amazon using Jungle Scout , here are some “ Amazon specific ” product criteria to keep in mind .
Does The Overall Market Have Sufficient Demand ?
Even if you can find a single product on Amazon that sells reasonably well , it ’s important to gauge the size of the overall market for demand .
And the best way to verify demand is to look at the monthly sales estimates for similar products on the front page of Amazon for your product keywords .
Personally , I like to see at least 1500 sales per month across all of the sellers on the front page after eliminating the unrelated products .
Is The Product Too Competitive ?
On Amazon , the overall strength of a product listing can be approximated by the number of reviews it has amassed .
In general , I like to see the average review count for the listings on the front page of Amazon for your product keywords to be under 100 reviews .
Can You Add Value ?
Years ago , you could throw up any product on Amazon and it would sell .
But today , you need to think about how you can add value to the existing market by making a better mouse trap .
As a result , I always take a deeper dive into the competition to see if I can sell a product that has superior benefits to what is already out there .
For example let ’s say that I wanted to sell yoga mats online .
Because yoga mats is a competitive market , I might want to differentiate my product by offering a special 6 inch thick mat that no one else is selling .
Is There An Even Distribution Of Sales Among Sellers ?
As I ’m looking at the competitors on Amazon using Jungle Scout , what I do n’t want to see are 1 or 2 sellers completely dominating the market .
A dominant seller usually means that the product has a strong brand that is driving sales which makes it much more difficult for you to break into the market .
Are Your Margins High Enough ?
Ultimately the goal of selling products online is to make a profit .
So you need to look at the average selling price and make sure that you can source the product at a sufficient margin .
In general , I shy away from any product that does not sell for at least $ 20 .
And the cheapest place to source products online is generally from Asia .
Click Here To Checkout My Ultimate Guide To Sourcing Products From China
Is Your Product Niche Enough ?
The best products to sell online can not be readily purchased at a brick and mortar store .
As a result , try to pick a product that is more obscure and not mainstream .
For example , my online store sells handkerchiefs online which generally can’t be found in most stores .
How To Find Products To Sell Using EBay Sales Data
Similar to Amazon , EBay is also a great place to look for potential products to sell in your online store .
Even though Amazon is a much larger marketplace , EBay is a great place to do research because you have access to sales data in real time .
A lot of sellers on EBay bulk import goods from Asia at a very low price and simply list them on EBay for a profit .
However , because Ebay ’s selling fees are quite high , it ’s hard to make a good profit on auctions .
So if you can find high demand goods on EBay and create your own online store around these items , you can potentially make a lot of sales and not have to pay EBay ’s high final value fees .
In fact , my wife and I started out on EBay by listing our goods with auctions in order to gauge demand before we launched our full blown online store !
To brainstorm products to sell on EBay , simply type in a product on EBay ’s search bar .
Then look for the “ Sold Listings ” link in the sidebar and click on the check box .
Voila !
EBay will now display a listing of products that have sold in the product category of your choice along with the final selling price .
With this information , you should be able to get a good idea of the demand and selling price of a wide variety of products .
Now using the method above to gauge demand works fine but it ’s extremely tedious which is why I like to use a tool called Terapeak to help with the research .
Terapeak is a tool that scrapes all of the EBay listings and collates the data for you in an organized fashion .
For example with a few clicks of the mouse , Terapeak can tell me the hottest selling products on EBay and exactly how much revenue it generated last month .
More importantly , Terapeak also tells me exactly what percentage of auctions for a specific item resulted in a sale which provides crucial data on the demand for a product .
Here ’s a quick demo of how I use Terapeak to brainstorm products to sell online .
Sign up for the free 7 day trial below if you want to follow along with the tutorial .
Update : After the merger with EBay , Terapeak recently removed all of their category research features .
However , you can still get sales and sell through data for individual products .
Click Here To Sign Up For A Free 7 Day Trial Of Terapeak And Follow The Tutorial
Check out the 4 minute video below
How To Find Products To Sell Using Google Search Data
While some people like to shop on Amazon or EBay , others go straight to the search engines to do all of their online shopping .
And since Google is the largest search engine in the world , it makes sense to look at what people are searching for to find good products to sell online .
The easiest way to obtain search data is by using the Google Keyword Planner which is a free tool from Google .
By looking at the exact keywords that people are typing in , you can get a good idea of what products are in demand and how much revenue you can generate .
However , interpreting the search results can be a little tricky .
For one thing , you need to only look at keywords that are product focused .
For example , the keyword “ outdoor gardening tips ” would not be a good keyword to focus on because people are likely looking for information .
A much better keyword to target would be something more specific like “ plastic compost bin ” .
The other thing you must consider is the competition for that keyword and how hard it is to rank for in search which is information that is NOT provided by Google ’s Keyword Planner .
To analyze product demand and competition in search , I like to use a tool called Long Tail Pro .
Like the other tools I ’ve mentioned in this post , Long Tail Pro is a tool that nicely collates the Google search results and tells you how much competition a keyword has in search .
Below is a quick 5 minute demo of how I use Long Tail Pro to find keywords with high volume that are easy to rank for in search .
Overall , I like to see the number of searches per month for a keyword of at least 1500 - 3000 with a keyword competitiveness of 35 or less .
Click Here To Try Long Tail Pro For Free And Follow The Tutorial
Check out the 4 minute video below
Additional Guidelines For A Good Product To Sell On Your Own Website
The key thing to realize when finding products to sell using Google search data is that not everyone who performs a search is looking to buy .
In fact , most of the searches conducted on Google are for information .
As a result when I do keyword research , I also perform these additional checks .
First off , I make sure that most of the listings that come up for a given keyword are for commercial use .
If I see a bunch of blogs and informational sites on the front page , then that ’s generally a bad sign .
I also take a deep dive into the other websites on the front page to see if I can build a better looking and more usable website .
Remember , the success of your business not only depends on whether you can get traffic but whether you can stand out among the competition as well .
How To Find Products To Sell Using The Comparison Shopping Engines
The shopping cart comparison engines are often overlooked when it comes to brainstorming product ideas .
But used correctly , these websites carry a potential goldmine of valuable data .
Because millions of people use these shopping engines to find products every single day , you can use their statistics to help you narrow down your niche .
Some of the more popular shopping comparison engines include Nextag , Google Shopping , Shopzilla , Shopping.com etc …
For the purposes of demonstration , I ’m going to show you how you can use the popular comparison shopping engine Shopzilla , to further your niche research .
On the Shopzilla.com website , there are 2 main places to begin your research .
First off , you can find out which products are trendy by clicking on the “ Trending Now ” link .
Here , the Shopzilla shopping engine will show you all of the popular items that are currently selling now !
In addition to trending items , you can also find out which product categories and items are being actively searched for by clicking on the “ Shopzilla Top Searches ” link in the footer of the Shopzilla.com website as shown below .
From here , you can choose a product category and Shopzilla will tell you which items are being sought after the most !
Editor ’s Note :
Are you enjoying this post so far ?
If you are interested in starting your own ecommerce business , then sign up for my FREE 6 day mini course below !
Click Here To Sign Up For My Free 6 Day Mini Course On How To Start A Profitable Online Store
How To Find Products To Sell Using Pinterest
Pinterest is a social media platform with hundreds of millions of active users and it ’s a place where people go to find new ideas and products to improve their life .
Did you know that 90 % of people who are on Pinterest use the platform to make purchasing decisions ?
90 %!
Here are some other eye opening statistics about the platform
Pinterest drives 33 % more traffic to ecommerce stores than Facebook
to ecommerce stores than Facebook 72 % of people say Pinterest inspires them to shop when they are n’t even looking for anything to buy
inspires them to shop when they are n’t even looking for anything to buy 70 % of people use Pinterest as a discovery engine for new products .
as a discovery engine for new products .
66 % of people buy something after seeing a brand ’s pins
after seeing a brand ’s pins 41 % of people who shop in - store use Pinterest while shopping
in - store use Pinterest while shopping 59 % of people use Pinterest to find more information about their purchases
Even though people find products to buy on Pinterest through keyword searches , the way people search on Pinterest is drastically different than on a typical search engine like Google .
When people shop on Pinterest , they are not usually looking for a specific product .
Instead , they are looking for solutions to their problems .
For example , a typical Pinterest user would not look for a dresser for their child ’s bedroom .
Instead , they would look for “ How To Decorate A Nursery ” or “ How To Decorate A Little Boy ’s Bedroom ” .
As a result , when you brainstorm for products to sell using Pinterest , you want to perform bigger picture searches like “ Wedding Gift Ideas ” or “ Unique Gift Ideas For Men ” .
What ’s cool is that Pinterest gives you a guided search bar to help you refine your search ideas .
With the guided search bar , you ’ll find articles and products ideas directly from your Pinterest feed .
And in general , the pins with the most repins will tend to contain popular products that you can sell !
Sourcing Your Products And Finding Vendors
Once you ’ve chosen a product or a set of products you want to sell , the next question you have to answer is where you will source your products from ?
How and where do you contact the manufacturer so you can get wholesale pricing ?
Before I tell you the best way to find your vendors , there are several things to consider right off the bat .
Do you want to deal with only domestic ( United States ) vendors ?
Dealing with vendors in the US ( or in your home country ) is much easier because everything is familiar to you .
It is much easier to contact your vendors because they are in a similar time zone and they speak the same language .
However , because the manufacturing costs are much higher in the US , you will end up paying more money for your products which will negatively affect your profit margins .
The main advantage is that shipping arrangements can be easily made and it ’s generally easier to obtain the products you want to sell .
For more information on how to find US suppliers , read my post on 4 Ways To Find USA Wholesale Suppliers And Avoid Paying Tariffs
Do you want the absolute lowest cost for your products ?
If you want the absolute best deal for your products , then you might want to consider looking in Asia to source your items .
These days , you ’ll find that most things are made and sourced from Asia .
Why ?
It ’s because they offer the best prices .
However , it can be a major hassle to import items into your home country .
If you do manage to get the process down however , the profit margins are unbeatable .
If you want to learn more about sourcing your products from overseas , you may want to read the following articles .
Do You Want To Carry Inventory Or Dropship ?
Dropshipping is a type of online store where you are only responsible for taking orders and handling customer service .
Once an order is placed on your website , your vendor handles the shipping and delivery of product to the end customer .
Dropshipping ’s main advantage is that you do n’t have to carry inventory , but you are still responsible for making sure that your customer is happy and satisfied with the purchase .
As a result , you have to make sure that the vendors you choose are absolutely reliable .
If you choose to drop ship , handling returns can be a major hassle .
Even worse , you ’ll sometimes have to deal with irate customers even though you were not at fault .
Deciding to drop ship also limits your choice of vendors and your margins are significantly worse .
If dropshipping is a business model that you would like to pursue , the best way to find dropship vendors is to use a service called WorldWide Brands .
In a nutshell WorldWide Brands provides you with a list of pre-verified drop - ship wholesalers , light bulk wholesalers ( orders under $ 500 ) , high volume wholesalers , liquidation wholesalers and import wholesalers .
And they have a strict screening process to make sure that you are dealing with legit companies .
Click Here To Get 10 % Off Of A Worldwide Brands Membership
From experience , it can be difficult to locate wholesale vendors that are willing to dropship by doing random web searches .
So why waste your time when there are many services out there that aggregate the data for you already ?
Keep in mind though , that services like Worldwide Brands wo n’t do the heavy lifting for you .
You still have to take the time to contact each and every vendor and create your own business relationships .
Finding good vendors and establishing trust is the key to good product sourcing .
How Do I Find My Vendors ?
Now that you are aware of your product sourcing options , the best way to find vendors is to attend wholesale tradeshows .
For example , if you are interested in importing products from China , you can check out the China Import And Export Fair Website .
Here ’s a post that I wrote specifically about the Canton Fair
Here ’s a podcast that I recorded about my last trip to the Canton Fair
If you are interested in wholesale fairs in the US , you can check out various tradeshow websites such as Wholesale Central .
Going to tradeshows is ideal because …
All of the vendors are aggregated in one location .
You can set up appointments to meet multiple vendors in a single day
You can set up appointments to meet multiple vendors in a single day
They will have samples of their merchandise available for you to see .
This is especially important when dealing with overseas vendors because obtaining samples can sometimes take months .
Why Not Do All Of My Research Online ?
You might think that you can do all of your vendor research online , but wholesale vendors that you find on the web can be extremely sketchy .
In fact , there are many vendors online that are middlemen who pretend to be wholesale vendors just to get your business .
It is because of these deceptive practices that I recommend finding vendors at trade shows rather than purely online .
For more information on buying wholesale , please checkout my article on Why Buying Wholesale Can Be Misleading .
Of course , if you do n’t have the means to go to trade shows , then you can also use a service like Alibaba to find Asian vendors online .
How To Sell Online
Once you ’ve decided on the products to sell online and you have your suppliers in place , it ’s time to start selling online .
If you want to sell on Amazon , then check out my guide on How To Sell On Amazon FBA – A Guide To Private Label Products From A 7 Figure Seller
If you are looking to start your own online store , then check out my guide on How To Start An Online Store , Own Your Own Website And Sell Online
Conclusion
Finding and sourcing products to sell does not have to be a haphazard experience .
As I have demonstrated , there is a wealth of data out there that can help you narrow down what you want to sell online .
And once you have a few products ideas in mind , you can then further narrow things down by performing a supply / demand and competitive analysis on your niche .
If you find that you can make a good profit on your goods and you can do a better job than your competitors , then I say go for it !
By the way , if you enjoyed this post and are looking for more tutorials , then sign up for my free 6 day mini course below .
Click Here To Sign Up For My Free 6 Day Mini Course On How To Start A Profitable Online Store
Frequently Asked Questions About Finding Products To Sell
What items sell best on Amazon ?
The best selling items on Amazon change every single day which is why you have to use a product research tool like Jungle Scout to get an accurate answer .
Jungle Scout allows you to tell how much money every single product on Amazon is generating on a monthly basis
What products are most profitable to sell ?
The most profitable products to sell online are items that have a strong unique value proposition and solve a specific problem or need .
Consumable products are also ideal .
For example , If you can get a customer to sign up for a subscription of your products , you will earn recurring revenue from a single sale .
What are the most sold items of all time ?
The top selling items of all time are the Sony Playstation , the Rubik 's Cube and the iPhone
What is the best site to sell stuff ?
The best places to sell your own goods are Amazon , Walmart , Ebay and your online store website .
For your own online shop , Shopify , BigCommerce and WooCommerce are the recommended platforms .
Ready To Get Serious About Starting An Online Business ?
If you are really considering starting your own online business , then you have to check out my free mini course on How To Create A Niche Online Store In 5 Easy Steps .
In this 6 day mini course , I reveal the steps that my wife and I took to earn 100 thousand dollars in the span of just a year .
Best of all , it 's free and you 'll receive weekly ecommerce tips and strategies !
Note :
This post above may contain affiliate links , which means that I may receive a commission if you make a purchase when clicking a link .
Please consult our privacy policy for more information .
Have you read these ?
Today 's Date
If this is working , then
Today is :
Gregorian : Wednesday , 30 September 2020 Mayan : Long count = 13.0.7.16.0 ; tzolkin = 10 Ahau ; haab = 3 Yax French : 9 Vendémiaire an 229 de la Révolution Islamic : 12 Safar 1442 Hebrew : 12 Tishri 5781 Julian : 17 September 2020 ISO : Day 3 of week 40 of 2020 Persian : 9 Mehr 1399 Ethiopic : 20 Maskaram 2013 Coptic : 20 Tut 1737 Chinese : Cycle 78 , year 37 ( Geng - Zi ) , month 8 ( Yi - You ) , day 14 ( Bing - Zi ) Julian day : 2459123
Day of year : Day 274 of 2020 ; 92 days remaining in the year Discordian : Pungenday , Bureaucracy 54 , Year of Our Lady of Discord 3186
Enter a ( Gregorian ) date :
Published on 12th Apr 2009 , written by Roderic Vicaire for Games Development - Last updated : 12th Apr 2009
Introduction
Editor 's Note
This is part three in Roderic Vicaire 's series , titled The Technology of a 3D Engine .
In this part , Roderic talks about geometry and resource management in his engine , FlExtEngine .
In the first section he layers Models and Objects on top of the SceneTree , SpatialGraph and RenderQueue primitives he talked about in part two , and in the second section he talks about effectively mananging the resources you send to the GPU .
It 's a great sequel to parts one and two , so enjoy .
Models and Objects
While the SceneTree , SpatialGraph , and RenderQueue are key elements of the 3D engine , they are hidden from the user , who manipulates higher level entities : the Model and the Object .
The Model is a blueprint , as well as being a means to share data between objects , and handle instancing , while an Object is an instance of a Model .
Think of it like the blueprint for a house .
The blueprint contains information about the wall , stairs , roof location and size , but does n't have any knowledge about the colour of the walls , the kind of parquet , the furniture and so on .
The Model does store geometry , but does n't have any information about textures , materials , animations and other custom metadata for the resulting Object instance .
Whereas the Effect declares its data requirements , the Object defines them .
It tells the engine what file to load for a given texture name .
For example , " tAlbedo " texture name is linked to " objects/textures.pak/handgun/gun.tga " filename , which the IOModule will load for us .
I 'll talk about that in a later installment .
That name and data couple is stored in a Tag.
A Tag may contain any type of metadata , including string , vector and matrix types .
That provides uniform access to anything the user might want to store about the Object .
Model
A Model is divided into bones , making a skeleton , and Meshes , which are drawable geometry .
In the context of a Model , those are called BoneModel and MeshModel respectively .
As there can be different ways to instance data , the MeshModel class is abstract , leaving the real implementation in child class such as IMRMeshModel or StaticMeshModel .
IMRMeshModel on this case means Indexed Multi Resolution MeshModel .
It 's a mesh which has different LoD ( Level of Detail ) solely based on different Index Buffer selection .
The vertices are the same , but they make a different shape as they are connected differently through the Index Buffers .
The second has been advertised in Unreal 2 under a similar name ( Static Mesh ) , as an effective way to draw lots of geometry .
It 's simply a mean to share the Vertex and Index Buffers between all instances , which do n't do anything on their content , and so keep them ' static ' .
For example , a given land patch or rock is stored only once , and redrawn several times with different transformations .
New MeshModels can be added painlessly , to provide other kind of meshes , like procedural - based geometry .
Object
An Object has the same structure as its Model : it has Bones and Meshes as instances of BoneModels and MeshModels , and can be animated .
Meshes also store
Tags to define their appearances , as said earlier , and Objects store their own set of animations .
Objects make the user - interface , and it's through them that the user will command animations to be run , moving them on screen .
Objects are SceneTree nodes , but do not exist in either the SpatialGraph or RenderQueue .
Bones , like Objects , are SceneTree nodes , but neither appear in the SpatialGraph and RenderQueue .
Meshes are SceneTree nodes , as well as SpatialGraph leafs and RenderQueue items ( ie. Renderables ) .
Sudden Novel Death Syndrome : Why It Did n’t Work Out
or :
“ Why That Novel You Were Really Excited About Dead - Ended Into A Black Hole of Guilt and Lack of Plot Development and What To Do About It ”
By Savannah J. Foley
~
I have them and you have them : failed projects .
No matter how exciting the initial burst of inspiration , no matter how striking and significant the initial chapters , something causes the story to descend into a frustrating nothing , subsequent chapters diluting themselves into a boring parody of that first , promising beginning .
As a writer , your excitement turns to hesitation , then panic , then disgust , and your project gets shelved and locked into the back files of your computer , never to be developed further ( except for those occasional , guilty tweakings ) .
Why does this happen ?
What , if anything , can be done to prevent it ?
I ’ve compiled a list of reasons — and solutions — to this stagnation , and I hope it ’s a help to you :
1 . The first rule of writing is : Do n’t talk about your novel .
2 . The second rule of writing is : Do NOT .
TALK .
ABOUT .
YOUR .
NOVEL .
Discussing ideas with your friend or audience seems to be a sure - fire way to kill a project from the very beginning .
There ’s just something about debating possible plot options that effectively stops production in its tracks .
My theory is that it turns your project into an attempt to please everyone at once .
Others suggest it distracts you from the delicate process of actually working on the project ; you become the type of writer who is always talking about his / her book without ever actually writing it .
This phenomenon has been noticed by other writers as well .
Consider the following quotes :
Sleep on your writing ; take a walk over it ; scrutinize it of a morning ; review it of an afternoon ; digest it after a meal ; let it sleep in your drawer a twelvemonth ; never venture a whisper about it to your friend , if he be an author especially .
~ A. Bronson Alcott
I think it ’s bad to talk about one ’s present work , for it spoils something at the root of the creative act .
It discharges the tension .
~ Norman Mailer
Solution :
Do n’t talk about your project !
Do n’t you dare let anyone encroach upon the amazing process that belongs only to you and your writing .
Your friends can’t write it for you , and they ca n’t be there in your head when you ’re working out all the details , so why would you involve them at all ?
Let them read the finished product , not influence a work in progress .
Rule of thumb : Consider it bad luck to discuss the details of a project until it is finished .
Bring out your novel or story like it is Athena emerging from your head : fully - formed and beautiful .
One last quote to pound the point home :
Writing is a product of silence .
~ Carrie Latet
3. Beginning Too Soon
This is my biggest problem : trying to start work on the project when you do n’t really have any idea what you ’re doing yet .
I have three pet novels in a suspended state of animation because I tried to work on them too soon and killed them : a YA about orphaned sisters , a scifi about global warming , and a steampunk about … well , I ’m not really sure , but it involves poisonous , addictive perfume , and gangs .
The way my writing works is that I get a flash of an idea , typically just one scene or concept , and then work the plot around this idea .
All I ever want to do is immediately begin writing so I can record this idea in explicit detail and start working on giving it the same vibe I envision in my head , but in the long run it ’s better to wait .
Remember what they taught you in school , and practice abstinence .
Working on a project too soon causes overstimulation , like touching a budding flower or playing rough with a newborn kitten .
It ’s just a baby idea ; give it a little time to grow and develop before you start to mess with it .
If you recall my earlier post , writing is a sort of mental disorder ; you have to learn to trust your subconscious and let it develop plots and characters on its time .
The conscious brain is a marvelous thing , but it ’s not a very good writer in general .
The best writing comes from the heart , the subconscious , and it can be terribly flighty .
Another metaphor :
Think about your idea as a feral animal you have just caught sight of out in the wild .
You have to be very still , very quiet , and very non-threatening before it will start to approach you .
No sudden movements , lots of praise and encouragement , and before you know it you ’ll be gamboling with that wild creature like you ’re the best of friends .
A relevant quote :
As for my next book , I am going to hold myself from writing it till I have it impending in me : grown heavy in my mind like a ripe pear ; pendant , gravid , asking to be cut or it will fall .
~ Virginia Woolf
Solution : Develop a list of things you MUST have before you begin writing .
For example , the names and personalities of all your main characters and their families / significant others , a strong sense of setting , where / when the main characters / love interests meet , etc .
4. Panicking ( Writer ’s Block Happens )
You ’ve given yourself enough time to fully flesh out your characters and plot .
You ’ve kept the existence of your next work - in - progress as secretive as possible .
“ Yes , ” you say to your friend , “ the reason I ’ve been so busy lately is because I ’m working on a new project .
No , I do n’t want to talk about it until I ’m finished . ”
Then , without warning , you hit the Wall .
You ’re not alone .
“ Every writer I know has trouble writing , ” said Joseph Heller .
We all experience that jarring moment when you realize that you ’re facing a great chasm in your writing , with no way to get to the other side .
Sure , you know where you want the plot to end up .
Your characters are well - developed and strong - willed , but how in the heck are they going to leap across this plot gap and make it safely to the next planned - out plot development ?
Rule of thumb : Relax .
Take a break .
You ’re probably working too hard :
Writer ’s block is a disease for which there is no cure , only respite .
~ Laurie Wordholt
We are cups , constantly and quietly being filled .
The trick is , knowing how to tip ourselves over and let the beautiful stuff out .
~ Ray Bradbury
Listen to Bradbury on this one ; sometimes you just run out of creative juices .
It ’s okay ; do n’t panic , just take a break .
Read a book ; it ’s how you get filled up with inspiration again .
Watch television , take a walk , draw something , phone a friend ( you have n’t talked to them in a while , have you ? ) .
Avoid thinking about your project , and when you do , think of it only as a dear friend .
Only when you ca n’t wait to get back to your story and start working again should you approach your work - in - progress .
Need a different solution , or on a deadline ?
Try sleeping .
If I ’m trying to sleep , the ideas wo n’t stop .
If I ’m trying to write , there appears a barren nothingness .
~ Carrie Latet
The only cure for writer ’s block is insomnia .
~ Merit Antares
5. Not Getting Your Daily Dose of Inspiration
When writing a novel , it ’s easy to lose track of the other recreational things in your life .
You go to work or school , you come home , grab a bite to eat , maybe do some housework / chores / homework , but then you ’re writing !
This ties back into what I said above ; sometimes you do n’t allow yourself enough time to get properly relaxed and inspired again .
Imaginations have to be fed and watered like anything else , or else they will stagnate and shrivel .
My favorite solution to counteract this stagnation is reading .
When I was reading two books a day , in school and later when I worked at a bookstore , I read a wide variety of books , from fiction to self - help to comedy , poetry , scifi , fantasy , cultural , travel , biographical , etc .
Reading other people ’s styles and descriptions fires your own imagination .
One must be drenched in words , literally soaked in them , to have the right ones form themselves into the proper pattern at the right moment .
~ Hart Crane
Solution :
My favorite books to read for inspiration are either poetry ( Billy Collins ftw ) , or the biographies or autobiographies of other writers .
Shell Silverstein ’s biography A Boy Named Shell , and Hunter S. Thompson ’s biography The Joke ’s Over by his best friend Ralph Steadman are two of my favorites .
Others would include Maya Angelou ’s autobiographical series , the most famous of which is I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings , Stephen King ’s On Writing , and anything by James Thurber ( if you have n’t heard of him , immediately get on Amazon and order Lanterns and Lances .
Seriously .
Do it . ) .
Well , that ’s my list .
What problems do you encounter when writing , and what solutions have you developed to counteract this ?
Or , share your favorite writing quote about the process .
~~~
Savannah J. Foley is the author of the Woman ’s World ( now known as Antebellum ) series on Fictionpress .
She has written five novels , owns her own freelance writing company , and is signed with the Bradford Literary Agency trying to sell Antebellum .
Her website is www.savannahjfoley.com.
John Hodgman is an expert .
That ’s what his books are about , that ’s what he does on the Daily Show , that , at least , is what he thinks he is in those ubiquitous Mac vs. PC ads , which if they were a teen comedy would no doubt end up with him scoring the hot girl .
It ’s not a bit , either — he comes by his eggheadedness honestly , having made a name for himself long ago with the witty humor that has now crystallized into what the kids are calling “ nerd chic . ”
Jon Stewart recognized Hodgman as a comedic goldmine in late 2005 when Hodgman was a guest on the Daily Show to promote The Areas of my Expertise ; in January 2006 , Hodgman was back on , this time as an expert — and his career as “ A Famous Minor Television Personality ” was born .
Since then he ’s — well , you have a TV , I know you ’ve seen one of those Mac ads , since by my count there have been a whopping FORTY of them since 2006 .
He ’s also voiceover - hosted the Emmys (! ) , had a bit part in Battlestar Galactica (!! ) , and gotten President Obama to do a Vulcan Hand Salute ( !!!!!!!) .
He also , as it turns out , is a whiz behind the bar , which I found out while interviewing him for “ Have A Drink With ” at the Daily Beast ( and where I took this rather awesome photo ) .
We ’ve got those videos for you below , but first Hodgman very kindly answered our questions — appropriately wide - ranging as befits an expert of his stature — about Presidential nerdity , his bromance with Justin Long , how Yalies make love and the recently - released paperback edition of his book More Information Than You Require .
All this and more in the latest installment of 5 QQ – Five Quick Questions .
1 . How do you get your first news of the day ?
I check Twitter for news of political import and updates on sonic booms .
I listen to WNYC and the BBC for general local and world news and also vocal training .
The Onion AV club is my culture pages .
I then do a few laps around the blogs , especially to see if Bill Scher at liberaloasis.com or David Rees at TRUE / SLANT is saying anything new .
Then I read the comics at www.joshreads.com.
2. Either ,
Or ( you gotta pick one ! ) :
PC or Mac ? Haaa .
I am a Mac in this order .
Macintosh 128K–1984-1989
Macintosh SE–1989-1994
Powerbook 145B –1994-1998
THE UNMENTIONABLE YEARS IN THE AWFUL WILDNERNESS 1998-2003
Powerbook G4 2004 - 2006
MacBook Pro 2006 - 2008
iMac / Macbook
Air combo : 2008 - present .
Battlestar Galactica or Venture Bros ?
You are cruel to make me make such a choice .
Our culture requires both , as they are both works of genius .
Only because Venture Bros. continues to produce new material , and has so far not been on the cover of TV Guide , I will say GO TEAM VENTURE .
Listen for me as Dale Hale in an upcoming episode .
Justin Long in “ He ’s Just Not That Into You ” or Justin Long in “ Re- Do “ ?
Jeepers Creepers 3 .
Bruce Campbell , If Chins Could Kill or Bruce Campbell , Make Love The Bruce Campbell Way ?
I will always be a CHINS man , as I represented that book 1000 years ago when I was a professional literary agent .
Though the audiobook of MAKE LOVE is genius .
Being the Voice of the Emmys or Getting the Commander in Chief to Do The Vulcan Hand Salute ?
As much as I think the NPH is the ENTERTAINER OF OUR TIMES ( and a far better magician than the President ) , I have to go with sharing a Vulcan moment with the President in DC , for sheer implausibility .
Follow - up !
Do you think he knows about V ?
Do you think he knows about the V controversy ?
Do you think he ’s a lizard alien ?
I do not think the president is a lizard alien , because I watched him as he was eating dinner , and he was not eating human children .
Instead , it was some kind of exotic food called “ beef wellington . ”
I suppose it is the native cuisine of whatever other country he is from .
3 . What ’s the biggest story the media has missed this year ?
( Or last week ) :
Justin Long ’s Ted Levine impersonation .
If you meet him , ask him to do it .
Justin is truly one of the funniest people I know .
4. Obligatory Twitter Question : Describe yourself in 140 characters or less ( hash tag optional ! )
hodgman=expert .
That is all .
5 . Are you nervous or excited about the future of journalism ?
Why ?
It is an incredible time for writers and trees .
Via internets , you will get more stories from a wider range of sources than ever before .
But I do hope that the NY Times manages to survive .
We need professional , edited newsgathering , or else all blogs die .
And I need Jonny Miles to tell me where to drink .
Bonus question :
Have you ever made love the Bruce Campbell way ?
In a cabin in the woods while fighting zombies ?
Yes .
It is a graduation requirement at Yale .
THAT IS ALL !
>>>NEXT : That is not all !
We ’ve got our video interview with Hodgman for the Daily Beast coming up !
Pages : 1 2
Have a tip we should know ?
[ email protected ]
James Howard Originally Posted by I was on a Longford train earlier in the week that was indicating an ultimate destination of Manulla Junction where AFAIK you can't even get off .
We set off for Manulla Junction by way of Laytown , Rosslare and Nenagh .
I got off at Edgeworthstown at which stage it was heading on for somewhere equally bizzarre but I 've forgotten where .
Surely this sort of thing should n't even be possible .
However , on a positive note , I do like on one of the Sligo 22 k sets that now says how far it is it to the next station when it is n't tell you not to sit in prebooked seats that can't even be booked .
There was a definite method to BushCo 's madness : Namely , hire subcontractors to evade the laws that prevent the DoD and the CIA from taking part in torture and assassination .
From The Nation :
The source , who has worked on covert US military programs for years , including in Afghanistan and Pakistan , has direct knowledge of Blackwater 's involvement .
He spoke to The Nation on condition of anonymity because the program is classified .
The source said that the program is so " compartmentalized " that senior figures within the Obama administration and the US military chain of command may not be aware of its existence .
At a covert forward operating base run by the US Joint Special Operations Command ( JSOC ) in the Pakistani port city of Karachi , members of an elite division of Blackwater are at the center of a secret program in which they plan targeted assassinations of suspected Taliban and Al Qaeda operatives , " snatch and grabs " of high - value targets and other sensitive action inside and outside Pakistan , an investigation by The Nation has found .
The Blackwater operatives also assist in gathering intelligence and help run a secret US military drone bombing campaign that runs parallel to the well - documented CIA predator strikes , according to a well - placed source within the US military intelligence apparatus .
Sure sounds like Cheney 's still got his moles deep inside , does n't it ?
The White House did not return calls or email messages seeking comment for this story .
Capt .
John Kirby , the spokesperson for Adm. Michael Mullen , Chair of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , told The Nation , " We do not discuss current operations one way or the other , regardless of their nature . "
A defense official , on background , specifically denied that Blackwater performs work on drone strikes or intelligence for JSOC in Pakistan .
" We do n't have any contracts to do that work for us .
We do n't contract that kind of work out , period , " the official said .
" There has not been , and is not now , contracts between JSOC and that organization for these types of services . "
The previously unreported program , the military intelligence source said , is distinct from the CIA assassination program that the agency 's director , Leon Panetta , announced he had canceled in June 2009 .
" This is a parallel operation to the CIA , " said the source .
" They are two separate beasts . "
The program puts Blackwater at the epicenter of a US military operation within the borders of a nation against which the United States has not declared war -- knowledge that could further strain the already tense relations between the United States and Pakistan .
In 2006 , the United States and Pakistan struck a deal that authorized JSOC to enter Pakistan to hunt Osama bin Laden with the understanding that Pakistan would deny it had given permission .
Officially , the United States is not supposed to have any active military operations in the country .
Blackwater , which recently changed its name to Xe Services and US Training Center , denies the company is operating in Pakistan .
" Xe Services has only one employee in Pakistan performing construction oversight for the U.S. Government , " Blackwater spokesperson Mark Corallo said in a statement to The Nation , adding that the company has " no other operations of any kind in Pakistan . "
A former senior executive at Blackwater confirmed the military intelligence source 's claim that the company is working in Pakistan for the CIA and JSOC , the premier counterterrorism and covert operations force within the military .
He said that Blackwater is also working for the Pakistani government on a subcontract with an Islamabad - based security firm that puts US Blackwater operatives on the ground with Pakistani forces in counter - terrorism operations , including house raids and border interdictions , in the North - West Frontier Province and elsewhere in Pakistan .
This arrangement , the former executive said , allows the Pakistani government to utilize former US Special Operations forces who now work for Blackwater while denying an official US military presence in the country .
He also confirmed that Blackwater has a facility in Karachi and has personnel deployed elsewhere in Pakistan .
The former executive spoke on condition of anonymity .
His account and that of the military intelligence source were borne out by a US military source who has knowledge of Special Forces actions in Pakistan and Afghanistan .
When asked about Blackwater 's covert work for JSOC in Pakistan , this source , who also asked for anonymity , told The Nation , " From my information that I have , that is absolutely correct , " adding , " There 's no question that 's occurring . "
A man who was partially blinded when ammonia was squirted in his eye during an attack 15 years ago has regained his sight after receiving a pioneering stem cell treatment .
Russell Turnbull , 38 , suffered massive damage to his right eye when he was caught in a scuffle after a night out in Newcastle in 1994 .
On the bus home , Turnbull had tried to intervene in a fight between two men but was injured when one of them began squirting passengers with ammonia .
The chemical severely scarred Turnbull 's cornea , the clear membrane that covers the front of the eye , and destroyed stem cells that usually help keep the cornea healthy .
" I was in unbearable pain .
It burned my eye shut , " Turnbull told the Guardian .
" I was in hospital for two weeks and eventually I was able to open the eye again .
It was like looking through scratched perspex . "
Turnbull was left with " limbal stem cell deficiency " ( LSCD ) , a condition that seriously impairs sight , and was in pain every time he blinked or saw bright lights .
In an experimental treatment devised by doctors at the North East England Stem Cell Institute in Newcastle , stem cells were taken from Turnbull 's healthy eye and grown on a layer of amniotic tissue , which is routinely used as a burn dressing .
The NHS banks amniotic sacs donated by women who have had a Caesarean section .
When the cells had covered the membrane , a piece the size of a postage stamp was transplanted onto Turnbull 's damaged eye .
Two months later the membrane had broken down , leaving his damaged eye with a fresh supply of healthy stem cells , which repaired the cornea .
Eye tests six months after surgery showed that Turnbull 's vision was nearly as good as it had been before the attack .
" I had a lot of anger inside me for a long time after the attack .
I lost my job because of it and I had always been a keen jet skier , which I was n't able to do .
It ruined my life and I went through a really difficult time .
But then this treatment came along , " said Turnbull .
" The pain and discomfort were better almost immediately and I started to get my sight back a month or so later .
I used to be able to see only the largest letter at the top of the eye chart , but now I can pick out letters on the bottom row , " he added .
Doctors led by Majlinda Lako and Francisco Figueiredo treated seven other patients , all of whom had LSCD in one eye .
Some of the patients fully regained their eyesight , while others had more serious damage and experienced only limited improvement in their vision .
The study is published in the US journal Stem Cells .
Sajjad Ahmad , a member of the team , said 25 more patients will be treated before the results are submitted to Britain 's National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence ( Nice ) , which could approve the procedure for use in the NHS next year .
By default , IOS sends BGP messages to EBGP neighbors with an IP time - to - live ( TTL ) of 1 .
( This can be adjusted with ebgp - multihop attached to the desired neighbor or peer group under BGP configuration . )
Sending BGP messages with a TTL of one requires that the peer be directly connected , or the packets will expire in transit .
Likewise , a BGP router will only accept incoming BGP messages with a TTL of 1 ( or whatever value is specified by ebgp - multihop ) , which can help mitigate spoofing attacks .
However , there is an inherent vulnerability to this approach : it is trivial for a remote attacker to adjust the TTL of sent packets so that they appear to originating from a directly - connected peer .
By spoofing legitimate - looking packets toward a BGP router at high volume , a denial of service ( DoS ) attack may be accomplished .
A very simple solution to this , as discussed in RFC 5082 , is to invert the direction in which the TTL is counted .
The maximum value of the 8 - bit TTL field in an IP packet is 255 ; instead of accepting only packets with a TTL set to 1 , we can accept only packets with a TTL of 255 to ensure the originator really is exactly one hop away .
This is accomplished on IOS with the TTL security feature , by appending ttl - security hops < count > to the BGP peer statement .
Sometimes you do n't have to write jokes , because you live them .
The turkey meals actually are pretty good though , and the dessert is delish with a capital " ish " .
In real life it looks better than my cartoon version ... if only ever so slightly .
Dating Site to Meet Single Women from Russia and the Ukraine
Online Matchmaking Service to Find a Beautiful Russian Bride
Our online dating site helps men from different regions of the world to get in touch with single women from Belarus , Latvia , Moldova , Russia and the Ukraine .
Backed by our marriage agencies that are managed by experienced matchmakers , we can help any serious man to find his charming Russian or Ukrainian bride .
Generally speaking , Russian girls , as girls from any country , wish to meet their man locally and most of them do .
However , in Russia , the Ukraine and other countries of former USSR , there is a lack of available men .
So even though a Russian girl offers everything most men seek in a life partner ( she is well - educated , successful in life , attractive and family oriented ) , she may never find her soul mate in her own country – it is mathematically impossible since there are approx .
10 million more women than men .
Dating Women from Russia versus Dating Women Locally
What are the Main Differences and what are the Challenges
Before beginning the process of finding a bride in Russia or the Ukraine , one needs to understand that it can be quite different from dating women locally .
Of course , to begin with , there is the distance – it is not like you can exchange a few emails , talk over the phone and meet for a coffee the next day .
Well , it is not impossible to do but of course for most of us , it is not realistically feasible .
Also , there is the language issue .
Even though a Russian woman may have some English knowledge , there can be misinterpretation of certain words , expressions , thus misunderstandings .
So , it is a must to be patient , understanding and open minded .
Beyond the distance and language , trying to find a Russian bride offers other challenges .
Obviously , there are cultural differences to deal with – on both sides .
Thanks to today ’s technology , social medias etc. , we have a better understanding of how people live in Russia and Russians have a better idea of how other people live as well .
So the cultural chock is not such an issue as it would have been a few decades ago .
However , there are differences to cope with and again , it is important to be patient , understanding and open minded .
Also , and this one is quite obvious , dating a woman from Russia will require more financial resources than dating a woman locally .
The first step is to find a dating site that will enable you to correspond with women who were met in person .
These sites cost more than regular dating sites but in the end , they will save you time and money and increase drastically your chance to succeed at finding a Russian wife .
There are such sites and we are one of them .
Then comes bigger expenses as you will need to travel there at least a few times .
Finally , the most pleasant expense : bring your Russian bride in your country !
Russian Brides Scams and Russian Dating Scammers
Are Spotted by our Experienced Marriage Agencies Owners
Our experienced marriage agencies owners and staff will generally spot Russian dating scammers from their initial interview and thus prevent Russian bride scams from occurring .
Unfortunately , as in any part of the world , there are online dating scammer artists and bride scams are a reality .
The best way to avoid online dating scammers and agency scams when seeking a foreign wife is to work with a website which reflects reliability , transparency and honesty .
Here are a few tips that can be used in order to select honest websites :
Can you identify the owners on the main page ?
Can you locate their offices are on the main page ?
Are they in a country with laws and order or is it “ offshore ” or even worse , no reference at all to where they are ?
Is there a telephone number to call them ?
If so , call them to make sure it ’s working and take the occasion to speak to them and ask questions .
If you begin working with a website and have questions ; can you quickly get answers and help through emails and telephone ?
If you find a positive answer to these questions , you ’ll put more chances on your side to be working with honest and reliable websites .
Russian brides scam and marriage agency scams are the last thing you wish to face when seeking a Russian bride .
Each Eastern European woman displayed on our website is registered with our reliable marriage agency in her hometown .
They validate the identity of each woman with passport and interview each lady .
Any Russian scammer or Ukraine scammer will most likely avoid an honest marriage agency and opt for free dating websites where they do n’t need to meet anyone in person , which makes their Russian bride scam or Ukraine scam easier to achieve .
Many Beautiful Russian Blondes Look like Top Models
Why are Pretty Russian Women and Beautiful Ukrainian Girls
Seeking a Husband Outside Their Country ?
It is a fact that many beautiful Russian blondes look like top models .
Why would these pretty Russian women and nonetheless beautiful Ukrainian girls seek a life partner from outside their own country ?
Many of these brides have the looks of a Russian model but that does n’t change the fact that these beautiful women and gorgeous girls cannot find a suitable life partner in their homeland .
As in any country , an attractive woman who has the looks of a model will get the attention of many men , among who are some very wealthy ones .
Russian brides on our website who look like models are obviously not looking for this as there are many wealthy men in Russia .
They simply wish to meet a man with who they will create a happy family .
Another reason why these gorgeous women are seeking a foreign husband is the fact that there is approx .
10 millions more women than men in Russia and former USSR .
In medium and smaller cities , there is often a ratio of 3:1 to 6:1 women versus men seeking a life partner .
No matter how beautiful a Russian , Belarusian or Ukrainian woman looks ; her dream is to create a strong family with a decent man .
This is why so many Ukrainian brides and Russian models seek husbands outside their country .
Russian Dating Sites Feature so Many Beautiful Brides
Is it for Real ?
How can there be so Many Beautiful Single Women ?
So many Russian dating sites are featuring thousands of beautiful brides .
Is it for real ?
How is it possible that so many beautiful single Russian women are not able to find a suitable life partner from Russia ?
Hundreds of dating websites are displaying the profiles of beautiful Russian girls .
It seems that beautiful girls are everywhere in St Petersburg , Kiev and Odessa just to name a few cities .
The fact is that Russia , Belarus and Ukraine are home to some of the most beautiful girls in the world .
Here are a few reasons why so many of these women are attractive :
Russian women are competing for fewer men .
They need to keep their body attractive and always look their best .
They walk a lot , go to the gym and have an active lifestyle .
They eat healthy .
Fast food is not so much part of their lives as it is in many western countries .
They are proud people and want to be proud of their body .
We all do but we suppose they do it some more .
A healthy body , a healthy mind .
In a country where everything is not always provided on a golden plate , they need to be sharp and work hard for their position .
There are thousands of single Russian women seeking a life partner on our Russian dating website .
Does n’t matter if they are in Kiev , St Petersburg , Odessa , Grodno , Kharkov or any part of Belarus , Russia and Ukraine ; they are real , beautiful , single and seeking a decent man .
… Would n’t you love to have a bride like that ?
I am divorced and live in Vinnitsa , Ukraine .
My name is Tatiyana .
I ’m 32 years old .
I am divorced and live in Vinnitsa , Ukraine .
I ’m 41 years old , single and seeking a partner .
I am Olga from Zaporozhye , Ukraine .
I ’m 41 years old , single and seeking a partner .
My name is Diana and I ’m looking for my second half .
Are you looking for a beautiful 21 years old girl from Kiev ?
It is me !
My name is Diana and I ’m looking for my second half .
Each Year , Single Women from Russia and the Ukraine
Become the Charming Brides of Lucky Men from all over the World
Without a doubt , there is a Russian brides phenomenon : the fact it that each year , and for the last decades , thousands of single women from Belarus , Russia and the Ukraine become the charming brides of lucky men from all over the world .
Also , statistics show that marriages with Russian women have a better success rates than local marriages .
According to the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services ( USCIS ) , “ marriages arranged through marriage agencies would appear to have a lower divorce rate than the nation as a whole , with 80 percent of these marriages having lasted over the years for which reports are available . ”
Russian brides are generally quite stunning , but mostly : they are intelligent , well - educated and hard workers .
For those who are career minded ; they still have the traditional family values and they will always keep their couple and family a top priority .
Unlike a growing proportion of women in countries of the west , they do n’t see the need to be independent and self - sufficient within a couple .
They see their man as the head of the family and want to feel protected by him .
This does n’t mean by all means that they are submissive .
It simply means that they still have these old values which our parents and grandparents had .
And in those days , marriages generally lasted a lifetime .
A Russian woman seeks a good man to create a family with .
They look for a man who will provide financial security , be faithful and take care of his family .
Financial security does n’t mean that a man needs to be a millionaire ; it simply means that he should be able to provide a decent life for his family .
It does n’t matter how successful a Russian lady can be with her career , what matters the most for her is to be married with a good man and to create a strong family .
If you share these precious values , then one of these stunnig Russian brides may be your future wife .
...
We ’re living proof !
Our names are Alain and Yuliya .
We ’re the founders and owners of MyPartnerForever.com .
Just a few years ago , we were living on different parts of the world , searching without success for our soul mates .
We decided to broaden our search to different parts of the world ... and in just a few months we found each other through a matchmaking website just like this one .
Within weeks we could no longer deny it ... we had fallen madly in love !
We now live together with our children ( my son Charles and Yuliya ’s daughter Anastasiya ) in Montreal , Canada .
We can honestly say that our lives are wonderful and we are grateful for this .
We are each other ’s “ second half ” .
Every day we fall deeper in love with each other .
In fact , even though we ’ve been married for years , we wake up in each other ’s arms each morning feeling like we ’re still on our honeymoon !
Our story is truly special ... but it is NOT unique .
Any good - hearted man who would like to find a loyal and beautiful Russian woman can experience the same joy that we feel in each other ’s company .
All you have to do is take a chance !
If you ’d like to talk to one of these beautiful Russian women RIGHT NOW , sign up for our 10 - day free trial today !
Our International Dating Site and Matchmaking Service
Help Single and Serious Men to Find their Charming Russian Bride
Our international dating site and matchmaking service help thousands of single and serious men from all over the world to find their charming Russian bride each year .
We offer the best marriage service for serious men who are seeking beautiful Russian brides .
Every single woman displayed on our site is registered with our marriage agencies throughout Belarus , Russia and Ukraine .
Each marriage agency owner is an expert matchmaker who takes pride in finding suitable partners for her Russian singles .
Each Eastern European bride has registered in person with passport in hands .
Our marriage agencies owners and staff interview them to ensure they are honest and serious about finding a foreign husband .
Their international marriage services help their single women and single men from around the world to find each other and become husband and wife .
They offer a wide range of services aimed at helping men who are traveling to their city to meet their future Russian bride .
What is it that makes these Russian brides so appealing ?
They are generally brought from parents who take time to show them love , discipline and respect .
They are generally well educated and hard workers .
They are recognisant and know how to appreciate everything our planet has to offer on a daily basis .
They are family oriented and will keep their family above their career .
They evaluate their quality of life by the well - being of their family , not by how much material is in the house or yard .
Why so many Russian ladies seek a foreign husband ?
There are approx .
10 millions more men than women in Russia and former USSR .
Many of these women cannot find a suitable life partner within their country .
They take the decision to seek a husband outside Russia .
If you share these traditional family values and cannot find a suitable partner within your own country , one of these charming Russian women brides may very well be your future wife .
Single Women from Russia Become the Charming Brides
Of Single and Serious Men From all over the World Each Year
Each year , single women from Russia and other CIS countries become the charming Russian brides of thousands of lucky men from all over the world .
These women simply dream to become the wife of a good - hearted man .
Any serious man who wishes to find his future wife in Russia can succeed .
With the help of our marriage agencies and international matchmaking service , thousands of beautiful Russian women find their life partner outside their home country each year .
If you are serious about creating a family with a woman who holds the traditional values deep in her hearth , no doubt Russia is a good place to begin your search .
Do n’t hesitate any longer ; one of these beautiful Russian brides may very well be your future bride !
All our best wishes ,
Alain and Yuliya
DUBAI --
As financial crisis roiled much of the world in October 2008 , the head of Dubai 's biggest state - owned developer unveiled his latest megaproject : a $ 38 billion development that would include a tower nearly two - thirds of a mile tall .
" I 'm sure most of you are asking why we 're launching this , and you'd be mad not to question it , " said the executive , Chris O'Donnell , at a news conference .
Though there would be economic ups and downs in the years needed to build the tower , he told listeners , demand would continue to outstrip ...
I have just been watching the tragic sight of a fallen giant flailing around on its back like a beetle , desperately trying to turn itself over .
The occasion was a speech by the US secretary of energy , Steven Chu .
He is , of course , a Nobel physicist , brilliant , modest , likeable , a delightful contrast to the thugs employed by the previous administration .
But his speech was , in the true sense of the word , pathetic : it moved me to pity .
Yesterday afternoon in Copenhagen – where the UN climate talks are entering their second week – Professor Chu unveiled what would have been a series of inspiring innovations , had he made this speech 15 years ago .
Barely suppressing his excitement , he told us the US has discovered there is great potential for making fridges more efficient , and that the same principle could even be extended to lighting , heating and whole buildings .
The Department of Energy is so thrilled by this discovery that it has launched a programme to retrofit homes in the US , on which it will spend $ 400 m a year .
To put this in perspective , four years ago the German government announced it would spend the equivalent of $ 1.6 bn a year on the same job : as a result every house in Germany should be airtight and well insulated by 2025 .
The US has about 110 m households ; Germany has roughly 37 m , and German homes were more energy - efficient in the first place .
This $ 400 m is a drop in the ocean .
Professor
Chu went on to explain two amazing new discoveries : a camera which can see how much heat is leaking from your home and a meter which allows you to audit your own energy use .
Perhaps thermal imaging cameras and energy monitors seem new and exciting in the US , but on this side of the Atlantic , though their full potential is still a long way from being realised , they 've been familiar for more than a decade .
He thrilled us with another US innovation , a technology called pumped storage : water can be pumped up a hill when electricity is cheap and released when it 's expensive .
The UK started building its first pumped storage plant , Dinorwig , in 1974 .
Then he told us about a radical system for heating buildings by extracting heat from water : this must have been the one that the Royal Festival Hall used in 1951 .
I 'm sure these technologies have in fact been deployed for years in parts of the US .
My point is that Chu appeared to believe that they represent the cutting edge of both technology and public policy .
The energy secretary explained that the US is now making " a very big investment " in developing and testing new components for wind turbines .
The " very big investment " is $ 70 m , which is what the US spends on subsidies and forgoes in tax breaks for fossil fuels every two days .
As if to hammer home the point that the Department of Energy seems to be stuck in a time - warp , and as if to highlight the sad decline of technological innovation in the US , Chu finished his talk with a disquisition on the beauty of the earth as seen by the Apollo astronauts .
What has happened to the great pioneering nation , the economic superpower which once drove innovation everywhere ?
How did it end up so far behind much smaller economies in boring old Europe ?
How come , when the rest of the developed world has moved on , it suddenly looks like a relic of the Soviet Union , with filthy , inefficient industries , vast opencast coal mines and cars and appliances which belong in the 1950s ?
It can't all be blamed on George Bush : this technological backwardness pre-dates him .
The real problem is the terror of all modern US governments of being seen to interfere in the free market .
It 's ironic that the lack of effective regulation in the US has not ensured – as the free market fundamentalists prophesied – that the US came out in front , but that it has been left far behind .
Just ask the car manufacturers .
The truth , too uncomfortable to be discussed by US officials , is that government regulations are among the main drivers of technological innovation .
monbiot.com
Tempo
Tags are tiny clip - on clocks that turn almost anything into a watch .
Tempo Thermo
Tags are the same , only instead of reading out the time , they tell you the temperature .
There ’s a theory that the pocket watch has returned , almost entirely replacing the irksome , vulgar upstart wrist - watch , which had itself pushed the pocket - watch into obscurity .
In fact , you ’re probably carrying one right now — it ’s your cellphone .
Wristwatches are , these days , worn as jewelry rather that as practical timepieces , hence the proliferation of Danny Dumas - approved , unreadable Tokyo Flash watches .
These little tag - timepieces are cute , though , clipping onto cuff , tie , pocket - hem or even sneaker - tongue .
I imagine my eccentric old school dinner - lady , who always wore three watches on her left wrist , covering her entire wardrobe with a plate - mail of these little chronometers , unable ever to know the real time because they all tick to a slightly different rhythm .
$ 15 for two .
Product page [ Vessel via Oh Gizmo ! ]
Last Friday evening , Dec. 4 , was the final broadcast of what has been known for many years as The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer .
The following Monday , Dec. 7 , the new - look version of the venerable , one - hour , weekday nights , news broadcast made its debut as the PBS NewsHour .
Lehrer was still in the anchor chair but his name was gone from the logo and some things had changed .
I 'll come back to that .
One of the things that has not changed , however , is Lehrer 's unwavering approach to journalism .
So , in closing that final broadcast on Dec. 4 and providing a glimpse of the forthcoming new look , Lehrer said :
" I promise you , one thing is never going to change .
And that 's our mission .
People often ask me if there are guidelines in our practice of what I like to call MacNeil / Lehrer journalism .
Well , yes , there are .
And here they are :
Do nothing I cannot defend .
Cover , write and present every story with the care I would want if the story were about me .
Assume there is at least one other side or version to every story .
Assume the viewer is as smart and as caring and as good a person as I am .
Assume the same about all people on whom I report .
Assume personal lives are a private matter , until a legitimate turn in the story absolutely mandates otherwise .
Carefully separate opinion and analysis from straight news stories , and clearly label everything .
Do not use anonymous sources or blind quotes , except on rare and monumental occasions .
No one should ever be allowed to attack another anonymously .
And , finally , I am not in the entertainment business . "
A couple of people wrote to me in the aftermath of that Dec. 4 sign - off to say how much they liked Lehrer 's guidelines and asked how they could get a copy .
That 's why they are reproduced above .
A subscriber to the widely - read Romenesko media news site also posted them there on Dec. 6 and they also were posted on the campus site of the Society of Professional Journalists ( SPJ ) .
" Whether you agree with all of Lehrer 's guidelines , or not , " that posting read , " he has surely earned our attention . "
That 's certainly true in my case .
I 've also been a devoted watcher of the NewsHour in all of its evolutions during most of the past 30 - plus years , long before I took on this job four years ago .
Although segments of the program have been the subject of critical ombudsman columns on a number of occasions , I 've also said many times that it remains the best and most informative hour of news anywhere on television , and it has never been more important .
I follow the news closely but almost always learn something from this broadcast every night .
Boring , at Times , But a Luxury Always
Sometimes , of course , it can seem boring .
Sometimes the devotion to balanced he said / she said panel discussions can leave you frustrated and angry and no smarter than you were 15 minutes earlier .
Sometimes the interviewing is less challenging than one might hope .
But the luxury of an uninterrupted hour of serious , straight - forward news and analysis is just that these days , a luxury .
And , in today 's world of media where fact and fiction , news and opinion , too often seem hopelessly blurred , it is good to have Lehrer — clearly a person of trust — still at work .
I had the sense when he added his guidelines to that closing segment last Friday that the 75 - year - old Lehrer was trying to re-plant the flag of traditional , verifiable journalism that he has carried so well all these years so that it grows well beyond his tenure — whatever that turns out to be — and spreads to all the new platforms and audiences that the contemporary media world now encompasses .
Oddly , I did not get any e-mail from viewers commenting on the new NewsHour format , other than one critical message that said " do not post . "
Maybe that 's a good sign since people usually write to me to complain .
Make no mistake , the now defunct NewsHour with Jim Lehrer is still quite recognizable within the new PBS NewsHour .
So those who wrote earlier and said they did n't want any change wo n't be terribly disappointed .
I , personally , found the first few days of the new format and approach to be a distinct improvement .
The program seemed to have more zip and energy , faster paced , with good interviews and without the always predictable language that introduced the show in the past .
It presented its news judgments more quickly , benefitted from the early introduction of other top staff members as co-anchors , and from the introduction of a promising " new guy , " Hari Sreenivasan , a former CBS and ABC correspondent who presents a headline summary from the newsroom and is the liaison to an expanded NewsHour Web operation .
Now , just to keep this a respectable ombudsman 's column , let me add a few quibbles when it comes to Lehrer 's rules , as posted above .
First , one of the interesting things about American journalism is that there are no agreed - upon national standards , no journalistic equivalent of the Hippocratic Oath for physicians .
There are , of course , many universal values and practices that vast numbers of journalists have voluntarily adhered to generally for many years , best exemplified by SPJ's Code of Ethics .
But the fact is that all major news organizations — from the Associated Press to the New York Times to PBS and CBS — have their own guidelines and standards that they try and live by .
And they all have their differences .
Naturally , a Few Quibbles
Lehrer 's guidelines embody lots of the good , praiseworthy stuff , and we come out of the same journalistic generation and traditions .
But I think on a couple of points they are actually too nice , too lofty , cruising somewhere above some of the grittier realities of journalism .
For example , " Assume the viewer is as smart and as caring and as good a person as I am .
Assume the same about all people on whom I report . "
Really ?
Bernard Madoff ?
Osama bin Laden ?
Then there is : " Assume personal lives are a private matter , until a legitimate turn in the story absolutely mandates otherwise . "
I would argue , and have , that the NewsHour withheld from its viewers at the time a legitimate turn in a major story — reported by all other major news organizations — last year when it declined to inform them that a former senator and former candidate for the vice - presidency , John Edwards , issued a public statement and went on ABC Television to acknowledge that he had had an extra-marital affair with a woman who had been hired by his political action committee to make films for his campaign .
That 's news .
Finally , there is , " Do not use anonymous sources or blind quotes , except on rare and monumental occasions . "
I agree about the blind quotes when they are used to attack someone personally .
But anonymous sources have often proved to be absolutely crucial to the public 's right to know what 's really going on in scores of major stories as they have unfolded from Watergate to secret CIA prisons overseas .
The most accurate and important pre-war stories challenging the Bush administration 's on - the - record but bogus case for Iraqi weapons of mass destruction were based on anonymous sources .
Many of those stories , in part because they were based on anonymous sources , got buried or underplayed by newspapers at the time .
Many of them never got reported at all on television , including the NewsHour .
But there are times when there are mitigating circumstances — like internal threats within an administration or maybe jail time for leakers — when some sources must remain anonymous and when editors need to trust their reporters .
And often you do n't know if the occasion is " rare and monumental " until it is too late .
Pre -war Iraq , again , being Exhibit A .
Without a doubt , one of the worst aspects of watching health - care reform crumble before our eyes is dealing with gloating of the wingnuts who made it crumble -- and especially watching them lying again and again and again as they do so .
It 's just in their nature to lie , and to do it repeatedly .
Case in point : Rep. Michele Bachmann , R - Outer Wingnuttia , went on Fox News last night with Sean Hannity and talked about how she hoped the health - care reform was dead and finished , and both she and Hannity were obviously gleeful at the prospect .
At every corner she was a font of disinformation and false " facts " .
The topper came at the end :
BACHMANN : We need bipartisan reform , and we Republicans are there ready , willing , and able .
We want bipartisan reform .
Let 's scrap what we have and let 's move forward , because President Obama 's bill will mean 5.5 million jobs lost , and that 's according to his own economist , Christina Romer .
Well , as Media Matters explains , there 's simply no such figure anywhere in anything Romer has ever said -- indeed , she has said that " health care reform is an economic necessity , " and that it will " allow lower unemployment " .
Politifact seems to have uncovered the source of Bachmann 's " 5.5 million " figure , other than the nether regions of her posterior :
Obama 's economic adviser -- Christina Romer , chair of the White House Council of Economic Advisers -- has never said that a tax in the health care bill would cost up to 5.5 million jobs .
Republicans have used her 2007 research to develop a calculation for job losses for any type of tax increase .
If you have a number for tax revenues generated , then this model will give you a number of jobs lost .
But there are factors that make this type of analysis troublesome when it comes to the health care bill .
Romer 's 2007 research , for example , said that tax increases that fund spending for social programs tend to balance out , and economic growth stays on an even keel .
Another problem is that the Republicans take tax increases that happen over 10 years and treat them as if they happen in one year , which inflates the numbers of jobs that might be lost .
Finally , this particular Republican analysis includes more taxes than just the surtax of page 336 ; it also includes the employer mandates of page 313 .
We find this analysis to be problematic and contrary to how Obama 's economic adviser said the model should work .
Ah , but being truthful would not be as much fun as going on national television and lying .
Young rock enthusiasts of the 21st century , those of you who listen to your music on a little shiny thing with earphones and who read only on an LCD screen , come near and we your grandparents shall tell you of a long - ago time when men with Gibsons were the knights errant of the land , striding across stages shrouded in mist , soloing at great length !
What ’s that ?
You do n’t really know what Led Zeppelin is or was ?
And you ’ve never read that salacious earlier biography , Stephen Davis ’s “ Hammer of the Gods ” ?
Well , do I have a story for you .
Or at least this Mick Wall does , this fellow from England who has also written or co-written definitive biographies of Ozzy , Bono and Iron Maiden .
The back story is like this : A hot session guitarist named Jimmy Page kills some time in a band called the Yardbirds ( “ Shapes of Things , ” etc. ) until he decides he can do better by assembling the New Yardbirds — except that he is unable to lure away the Who ’s rhythm section , which he devoutly wishes to steal , or Steve Marriott of Small Faces , a singer of note .
He settles instead for a couple of country yokels , Robert Plant and John Bonham , vocals and drums respectively , and another somewhat frustrated session dude , John Paul Jones , who plays the bass .
Of these , Page is most happy about Bonham , who hits the drums as if he is trying to affect seismic activity in the British Isles .
About the singer , who is very good looking , he ’s not sure .
Page does n’t pay much attention to the bass player at all .
The band performs its first gig within weeks of its initial rehearsal and books time in the studio not long after .
Mostly they borrow their material , in Wall ’s account , which means they take other people ’s songs and change them very little .
If this were literature , young rock enthusiasts , these songs would amount to instances of plagiarism , but since this narrative takes place not long after the folk revival and some of these Zeppelin songs were trad , adopted from earlier folk and blues pieces , the band somehow , at least initially , escapes with changing a couple of lines and giving the song a new title — “ Black Mountain Side ” instead of “ Black Water Side , ” and so forth .
Turns out that a lot of Led Zeppelin stuff was “ borrowed ” to one degree or another , including “ Dazed and Confused , ” “ Whole Lotta Love , ” “ When the Levee Breaks ” and even ( yikes ! ) their biggest , most gargantuan hit , a track called “ Stairway to Heaven ” that most of us have now heard so many times we would rather die than hear it again .
Some people , according to Mick Wall , believe the opening guitar lines of “ Stairway ” were filched from the band Spirit .
Notwithstanding their compositional deficits , Zeppelin has that elusive band chemistry , and so they make some more albums , which sell really shocking numbers of copies , tens of millions , and between albums they tour the United States a lot , and do really horrible , morally offensive things to young women who offer themselves up for delectation .
We used to think , young rock enthusiasts , that this behavior was somehow marginally explicable , and that is the big difference between this book about Led Zeppelin and earlier books .
For example : included herein is the famous story of the groupie and the shark , which has been dealt with elsewhere at some length .
This bit of lore is now so upsetting and so repellent that it makes you never want to listen to the band again .
Nor do the band ’s demurrals on the groupie issue convince you otherwise .
( Robert Plant : “ The thing people forget when they tut - tut about this stuff is what a laugh we were having .
People have a tendency to look back on the band as this dark force spreading its wings when we were just young guys , having a good time .
The main thing I remember most about those days now is the laughter . ” )
And then there is the Aleister Crowley part of the story .
Back then , you see , people had their alternative spiritual systems .
This inspired them to create , I suppose , and so this guy Page , he went in search and came up with a very recondite philosophical backwater .
He got into this necromancer , Crowley .
How did the Crowley program work exactly ?
Wall , in perhaps the very best and most cogently argued section of his account ( which often manages elsewhere to feel both rushed and repetitious ) , does include a great deal on exactly what Crowley ’s Ordo Templi Orientis stood for , among which was , “ heterosexual magickal acts ( adoration of the phallus as the microcosmic counterpart to the sun ) ” and “ masturbatory and autosexual techniques ( referred to as the Lesser Work of Sol ) . ”
Valve Teases , Releases ' Meaningful ' Team Fortress 2 Friend and Mercenaries Patch ( Updated )
Update : The Team Fortress 2 blog has now been updated with the phrase " Friendship ends in one day , " with an accompanying comic suggesting that whatever this brings , it involves the Red Demoman and Blu Soldier .
" We 've got something coming , but it 's not a new game mode , " Valve 's Robin Walker further teased Kotaku .
" The key to understanding the new sound files is to figure out who 's hearing them in - game , and who is n't . "
Original : Following reports that the latest update to Team Fortress 2 PC brought with new Announcer quips mentioning friends , mercenaries and betrayal , developer Valve tells Shacknews they are already being used in - game for something " meaningful . "
" So far , we have n't seen anyone on the various forums out there who 's figured it out , " Valve 's Robin Walker told us , noting " there 's something about the way they 're used in - game that 's meaningful . "
Whatever the new functionality is , it 's already in the game , as Walker added that " user reports of hearing [ the new sound bites ] in - game are also legit . "
Some of the new quips , as made popular by YouTube 's dudeguy707 .
Those quips include : " Friendship ends in 10 seconds , " " Betrayal will not be tolerated , " " You can not hide anything from us , mercenaries , " " It 's me or him and I pay your salary , so make your choice , " " Friendships are in direct contravention of mercenary conduct as delineated in your contracts , and on a personal note , I am very , very disappointed . "
As for what else the latest update delivered , the patch notes are below :
Why an Expanded Afghan War ?
President Barack Obama appears set to approve a dramatic increase in troops in Afghanistan .
The original goal of the U.S. effort there was to find and capture Osama bin Laden .
Why is Washington not still seeking the man who allegedly masterminded the attack on American on Sept. 11 , 2001 ?
Email
Printer friendly In an Oct. 7 , 2008 , debate , candidate Obama said , " We will kill bin Laden .
We will crush al - Qaeda .
That has to be our biggest national security priority . "
But Obama was already backtracking on that goal just days before his inauguration , saying " I think that we have to so weaken [ bin Laden 's ] infrastructure that , whether he is technically alive or not , he is so pinned down that he cannot function , " he said .
" And I 'm confident that we can keep them on the run and ensure that they cannot train terrorists to attack our homeland . "
Why is the goal not still to capture bin Laden ?
Is it because capturing him might end the “ war on terror , ” a racket that continues to generate money for the military - industrial complex , even as it breeds more terrorists and makes us less safe , the longer it lasts ?
Would n’t it be less expensive to us tax payers to capture bin Laden , rather than to keep his followers “ on the run ” and “ pinned down ” ?
Or was Obama signaling something when he said , “ whether he is technically alive or not ” ?
Given the serious ransom payment the American taxpayers are being asked to make , is n’t it worth asking first , for “ proof of life ” for bin Laden ?
Is bin Laden even alive ?
Bin Laden was suffering a serious case of diabetes and was on dialysis .
In fact , Le Figaro and Radio France International reported that a CIA agent , later purported to be Larry Mitchell , met with bin Laden in a Dubai hospital on July 12 , 2001 .
According to the Radio France report , Mitchell was recalled to the CIA ’s Langley headquarters on July 15 , 2001 , the day after bin Laden was said to have checked out .
( The CIA dismissed these reports as a “ total absurdity ” and the American - owned International Herald Tribune suggested this was false information put out by the French government , which did not want to join the war in Iraq .
Radio France , on the other hand , stood by their reports , according to a UPI report by Elizabeth Bryant on Nov. 1 , 2001 . )
In his last undisputed video appearance in December of 2001 , Time magazine reported that bin Laden looked sallow ; his speech was slow , and his left arm immobile .
By contrast , in April of this year , the Telegraph in the UK reported that Pakistan ’s last two Presidents both questioned whether bin Laden was still alive .
Earlier this month , the Mirror supplied additional reports of bin Laden ’s death , including a leaked French secret service purporting he had died and Benazir Bhutto ’s comment to David Frost that bin Laden had been killed by a Pakistani militant .
And if he ’s alive , is he even in Afghanistan ?
A new Senate report , titled “ Tora Bora Revisited : How We Failed to Get Bin Laden and why it Matters Today , ” states that most analysts believe he is in Pakistan .
The report discusses how bin Laden escaped there after having been essentially pinned in a network of caves in the Tora Bora region .
Bin Laden so expected to die that he ’d left a will .
“ But the Al Qaeda leader would live to fight another day , ” the report states , explaining that requests for troops on the ground were denied and that the “ vast array of American military power , from sniper teams to the most mobile divisions of the Marine Corps and the Army , was kept on the sidelines . ”
That decision allowed Bin Laden to escape by foot , with his bodyguards , to Pakistan .
The report makes clear that the United States had all the manpower and means necessary to have prevented his escape , had the Bush administration wanted to do that .
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and the operation ’s commander , General Tommy Franks , decided not to send in troops out of the supposition that massive numbers of American troops may well have fostered an anti-American backlash that would fuel a wider insurgency .
If that rationale was correct in the past , might it not be correct in the future ?
Dare the U.S. risk a massive increase of troops in Afghanistan for such an unclear objective ?
Whether or not the Bush administration was ever intent on capturing bin Laden , clearly he is not the motive for U.S. actions in Afghanistan now .
That raises the question of whether the Bush administration knew that eliminating bin Laden in late 2001 might have meant a premature end to the “ war on terror ” and might have derailed plans for invading Iraq .
It ’s worth nothing that Iraq and Afghanistan both border Iran , which was a subject of intense concern in the Bush administration .
Were both wars efforts engaged in part to establish American bases on two fronts for an ultimate plan to invade Iran ?
What is the real reason to be in Afghanistan ?
As someone who spent the night before the inauguration sleeping in the National Mall in DC to see the swearing in of a President that I hoped would help the United States turn past the military page , I feel betrayed by the escalation in Afghanistan , given the lack of a clear and pressing need .
I hope the President has a compelling reason for this escalation .
I fear very much he will not .
Lisa Pease is a historian and writer who specializes in the mysteries of the John F. Kennedy era .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
Build an Automated System While In College
After graduating college , many people think they ’ll start to handle their finance responsibly .
You can prepare ahead of time and graduate with professional and personal finance skill set .
Create a System for Your Money
Find a bank or a credit union that fits your financial needs .
Here what I personally like about ING ’s Electric Orange checking account :
No fees .
There ’s no minimum balance on the account .
.
There ’s no minimum balance on the account .
If the money is not in the account , they wo n’t pay the bill .
This sounds like common sense .
No money=no payments .
Bank of America will just pay your bill and then fee you , which in turn can create more transaction fees .
A relative actually had a horrible case when her monthly salary did n’t come in as scheduled ( HR error ) and Bank of America went ahead and charged her fees of hundreds of dollars .
She explained to the bank what they error was , but to no avail .
Fortunately , she went to her job ’s Human Resource Department and got reimbursed for this problem .
This sounds like common sense .
No money=no payments .
Bank of America will just pay your bill and then fee you , which in turn can create more transaction fees .
A relative actually had a horrible case when her monthly salary did n’t come in as scheduled ( HR error ) and Bank of America went ahead and charged her fees of hundreds of dollars .
She explained to the bank what they error was , but to no avail .
Fortunately , she went to her job ’s Human Resource Department and got reimbursed for this problem .
Earn real interest .
Unlike Bank of America , where our money was growing very , very slowly ( a few cents every three months ) , ING had us earning a few extra dollars a month .
With the rates lower now , it ’s not getting higher , but much better than our old bank .
Open a savings account for a specific goal .
You can create a savings account to cover expenses if you have to move for your first post grad job .
I use personally ING Direct for my savings and I have found them to be incredibly easy to use and have a lot of benefits .
Great rate – no minimum balance required .
Everyone earns the same high yield .
No fees – your money goes to work for you .
No changing banks – the Orange Savings Account is linked directly to your checking account .
24 - hour access to your account – you ’re always ready for opportunities .
FDIC - insured – your money is safe and secure .
By the way , ING Direct has a wonderful referral program .
If you open a savings account with $ 250 or more using the link , you ’ll get $ 25 bonus and I ’d get $ 10 added to my own savings .
It ’s a win -win situation .
If you ’re looking at some other options , consider these banks :
Just open an account with a bank or credit union that you feel comfortable with and increase your savings with your system .
Every paycheck you receive , automate at least 5 - 10 % of it to go towards your savings fund .
Have it deducted from your checking account into your savings account .
Have a job .
You should be getting some income while in college because you want to build your resume up with practical work experience .
I worked at concerts at a local venue to earn some cash and tips .
The peak of concert season was during the summer , so I was usually off for the semester or only took one class , giving me time to work .
You also may want to run your own business while you ’re in school .
Maximize Your Scholarships and Grants
Use your tuition refund .
Some savvy college students will be getting some money in the form of tuition refund .
This is a great chance for you to sock away money .
As long as you do n’t have any credit card or car loan debt , have fun with the rest of your money .
What kind of financial aid is available ?
Federal Pell Grants
Federal Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grants
State Grants
Fill out your FAFSA early .
Besides getting qualified for federal grants , filing early can also open up opportunities to get state grants .
You ’ll cut down on having to rely on student loans .
Hunt for more scholarships .
FastWeb is a popular site that searches applicable scholarships for you .
Your Take
By taking advantage of your automated system , you can painlessly build a healthy amount of savings that you can use after your graduation .
How have you saved money for your goals ?
Photo Credit : Crystl
The army says that it capturing territory all over South Waziristan
India 's foreign minister has denied charges by a Pakistani army official that his country has been assisting militants in South Waziristan .
SM Krishna said developments in Pakistan were of " their own making " and there was no effective government .
A Pakistani army spokesman said recently that it had evidence of Indian " involvement " with the insurgents .
Pakistan 's army is engaged in a major offensive against al - Qaeda and the Taliban in South Waziristan .
Pakistani's chief military spokesman Maj Gen Athar Abbas said recently that Pakistani troops had recovered " Indian arms , ammunition , literature and medical equipment " from Sherwangi , a key militant base .
Interior Minister Rehman Malik had also recently alleged that India was supplying arms to the Taliban .
SM Krishna has denied both the charges .
" We have absolutely nothing to do with whatever is happening in Balochistan or whatever is happening within Pakistan .
I think it is their own making , " Mr Krishna was quoted as saying by the Press Trust of India .
" I do n't think that there is any effective government functioning there . "
Pakistan 's offensive in South Waziristan has sparked a string of suicide bomb attacks in the country .
About 300 people have been killed in the attacks since mid-October .
Whatever you think of veteran initiative activist Bill Sizemore , you have to marvel at the high - wire act that is his life .
Within the last few weeks , he became a Republican candidate for governor .
Then , he and his wife Cindy were indicted by Oregon Attorney General John Kroger for failing to file a state income tax return over the past three years .
That , of course , follows years of battles with union lawyers and a 2002 ruling by a judge that organizations run by Sizemore had engaged in racketeering .
In an interview that will be broadcast on KGW 's " Straight Talk " show at 6:30 p.m. Saturday , Sizemore continues to insist that he paid estimated taxes and had a good reason for not filing his state returns .
And he talked about his legal strategy for Monday , when he is scheduled to be arraigned in Marion County Circuit Court .
" I think we 'll ask for an expedited trial because I am running for governor , " Sizemore said .
" And there 's a primary in May and I 'd like to have this settled and behind me by then . "
Sizemore did acknowledge that he was " scared " by the indictment .
" If we get a jury and we get a fair trial , I think we will walk away fine , but my wife is terrified , " he said .
" It was very cruel of them to include my wife in this indictment .
My wife only signs the tax returns , she does n't earn the money . "
Unix First Edition Manuals
The manuals are only available in PostScript files with scans of the originally typewritten manual .
Here you can find an experimental HTMLfication of the OCRd postscript scans using much shell scripting hackery .
Due to the automatic nature of the conversion , there are still many errors and formatting screwups , the scripts to generate the HTML are being slowly improved to produce saner output , but eventually some manual fixing and restoration will be needed .
The Power I Once Had ( Zena )
There are times when I run into a mire of defeating thoughts , frustration and anger and I see how easy the inability to change ‘ past choices ’ can haunt you in the present .
You work through what you could have done differently almost obsessing over each of those moments that have come to define who you are today .
Those defining moments never fade , it is how you choose to live with them that alters your future .
Some know what they need to do , but ca n’t achieve it .
I am fortunate for awesome family and absolutely amazing zany crew of friends that helped pick me back up .
Some people just slip away into obscurity with no one to pick up the pieces when they need mending .
I ran into Zena ( Pronounced Zen - Nah ) while walking on Richmond St. near York St. I sat down at the edge of the curb to talk to her for awhile and instantly her story flooded .
She sat above a steam metal grated vent to keep warm all the while constantly rubbing her hands together .
Her distinct accent easily detected as her words flowed .
She has been in Canada for 13 years immigrating from South Africa losing touch with most or all of her family .
Judging from the conversation she continues to work through her scenario over and over again in her mind .
She is embattled with her fading memories and trying to achieve what she thinks will save her in the future .
Some of the conversation becomes borderline surreal and nonsensical , but the merit of the tale rang through of decisions that ca n’t be changed , loneliness , despair has gripped her and a haunting knowledge that a resolution may never come .
She continually phrased the words ‘ the power I once had ’ or ‘ I need to someone to give me the power again ( she apparently calls a lawyer regularly and leaves messages for them asking for this power she needs )
I guess she is recalling a time when she had independence and freedom to do things on her own without challenge and now to become anonymous on the streets with little resource available to her must be a dis-empowering feeling .
She talked about a brother in Vancouver , she mentioned University Degrees that she lost during her travels ( losing the degrees is also something that she leaves in messages for the lawyer and something she thinks is required for her to achieve social assistance .
Also a very important link to her story in some way . )
While we continued conversation , I requested to photograph her and she became very shy thinking she was n’t photogenic , immediately hiding her worn and stained hands into her sleeves .
She did say I could capture a shot and granted me full permission but I realized that I was losing her comfort and trust at this point so I backed off as I did n’t want to be intrusive to her and almost decided not to use her photograph at all .
I am hoping that maybe someone might catch her image on the blog and recognize the story , while she is n’t clearly defined in this shot , family and friends always have a way spotting someone they care about a mile away .
We know you do n't actually care about 99 percent of the contents of the latest Flash Player update .
What you really want to know is whether those new 1080 p
YouTube streams will run smoothly on your machine thanks to the newly implemented graphics card video acceleration .
AnandTech has come to our collective aid on that one , with an extensive testing roundup of some of the more popular desktop and mobile GPU solutions .
NVIDIA 's ION scored top marks , with " almost perfect " Hulu streaming ( see table above ) , though Anand and crew encountered some issues with ATI 's chips and Intel 's integrated GMA 4500 MHD , which they attribute to the new Flash Player 's beta status .
On the OS front , although Linux and Mac OS are not yet on the official hardware acceleration beneficiary list , the wily testers found marked improvements in performance under OS X .
It seems , then , that Adobe has made good on its partnership with NVIDIA , and made ION netbooks all the more scrumptious in the process , while throwing a bone to the Mac crowd , but leaving the majority of users exercising the virtue of patience until the finalized non-beta
Player starts making the rounds in a couple of months .
Hit the read link for further edification .
The celeb - connected ONE campaign has put out a new PSA campaign to encourage America 's youth to help fight poverty and disease .
They will make their television appearance during the Dec. 2 episode of CW 's " Gossip Girl " and feature Leighton Meester , Jessica Szohr and Ed Westwick from Gossip Girl ; Ashley Greene , Kellan Lutz , Nikki Reed and Jackson Rathbone from " Twilight " ; Hayden Panettiere from " Heroes " ; Corbin Bleu from " High School Musical " ; Tristan Wilds from " 90210 " ; John Cho from " StarTrek " ; and Brandon T. Jackson from " Tropic Thunder . "
“ In the last election , and over the course of history , young people have shown that when we get organized and committed , we are powerful .
The fight against extreme poverty and preventable disease in poor countries needs our support , our energy and our commitment , ” said actress and ONE member Ashley Greene .
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - U.S. researchers have found a drug - free way to block fearful memories , opening up the possibility of new treatment approaches for problems such as post traumatic stress disorder , they reported on Wednesday .
An undated image of the human brain taken through scanning technology .
REUTERS / Sage Center for the Study of the Mind , University of California , Santa Barbara / Handout
The findings in people build on studies in rats that showed that reactivating a memory -- by showing people objects that stimulate the fearful memory -- opens up a specific time window in which the memory can be edited before it is stored again .
“ Before memories are stored , there is a period where they are susceptible to being disrupted , ” said Elizabeth Phelps of New York University , whose study appears in the journal Nature .
Earlier studies have shown that drugs can be used to block fearful memories , but the results were not long lasting .
Phelps and colleagues based their studies on findings in rats that showed that old memories can be changed or reconsolidated , but only during a specific window time after the rat is reminded of the fearful memory .
That window of susceptibility is typically between 10 minutes after re-exposure to the object to 6 hours later , when the memory stored once again in the brain .
The researchers applied these findings to people in a lab setting .
First , they created a fearful memory by showing the volunteers a blue square , and then delivering a mild shock .
Once they had created the fear memory , they simply showed a blue square , which reminded them of the fear memory .
The team waited 10 minutes and then started a training period where the volunteers were repeatedly exposed to the blue square without a shock .
Phelps said simply delaying the exposure training so that it falls within a period during which the memory is susceptible to being edited made a lasting difference in the ability to block the fear memory .
A second group that was exposed to the blue square without the 10 - minute waiting period , continued to show fear when exposed to the blue square .
When they brought people back a year later , the group that got the training showed no fear response -- tracked by changes in the skin -- when exposed to the blue square , while other volunteers continued to have a fear response .
Phelps said the important aspect of the study is the time window .
“ What we think is happening is because we did it at the right time , you are restoring the memory as safe as opposed to just creating a new memory that competes with the old memory , ” Phelps said .
She said the findings are the first of their type in humans , and she cautioned that the findings cannot be immediately applied to people with severe anxiety problems , such as post traumatic stress disorder .
“ We did a blue square with a mild shock , ” she said .
“ Normal fear memories are way more complex than that . ”
But she said , the findings do open up the possibility of new training methods that can be studied to help people overcome difficult memories .
“ It ’s really exciting for the potential of treating these disorders .
It ’s just a ways away , ” Phelps said .
The study was supported through a grant by the National Institutes of Health ’s National Institute of Mental Health .
GM has been trying to sell Saab since January Dutch luxury car maker Spyker has submitted a new offer to General Motors ( GM ) for its Swedish car brand Saab .
GM said this week that it would close Saab after talks with Spyker had collapsed .
Spyker has submitted a new 11 - point proposal to GM , addressing the issues that ended talks .
Spyker chief Victor R. Muller said he was " very confident " that the new offer would make GM resume negotiations and lead to a sale .
" We have made every effort to resolve the issues that were preventing the conclusion of this matter and we have asked GM and all other involved parties to seriously consider this offer , " Mr Muller said .
" We are very confident that our renewed offer will remove the impasse that was standing in the way of an agreement on Friday , and this would still allow us to conclude the deal prior to the expiry of the deadline originally set by GM . "
The original deadline was 31 December .
Saab employs 3,400 people in Sweden and GM has estimated 8,000 people will suffer indirectly from its planned closure .
Last year , Saab lost 3 bn kronor ( £ 255 m ; $ 412 m ) .
It has not made a profit since 2001 and made up 1.1 % of GM 's global sales .
GM pledged to become a leaner company when it emerged from bankruptcy protection in July this year .
It had been hit by a sharp slump in sales - partly because of the financial crisis , but also because of stiff competition from Japanese rivals .
The company is now 62 % owned by the US government .
GM said its focus would remain on its four core brands - Buick , Cadillac , Chevrolet and GMC - as well as its European business Opel .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Regular Expression Matching : the Virtual Machine Approach
Introduction
Name the most widely used bytecode interpreter or virtual machine .
Sun's JVM ?
Adobe 's Flash ?
. NET and Mono ? Perl ?
Python ?
PHP ?
These are all certainly popular , but there 's one more widely used than all those combined .
That bytecode interpreter is Henry Spencer 's regular expression library and its many descendants .
The first article in this series described the two main strategies for implementing regular expression matching : the worst - case linear - time NFA - and DFA - based strategies used in awk and egrep ( and now most greps ) , and the worst - case exponential - time backtracking strategy used almost everywhere else , including ed , sed , Perl , PCRE , and Python .
This article presents two strategies as two different ways to implement a virtual machine that executes a regular expression that has been compiled into text - matching bytecodes , just like .NET and Mono are different ways to implement a virtual machine that executes a program that has been compiled into CLI bytecodes .
Viewing regular expression matching as executing a special machine makes it possible to add new features just by adding ( and implementing ! ) new machine instructions .
In particular , we can add regular expression submatching instructions , so that after matching ( a+ ) ( b+ ) against aabbbb , a program can find out that the parenthesized ( a+ ) ( often referred to as \ 1 or $ 1 ) matched aa and that ( b+ ) matched bbbb .
Submatching can be implemented in both backtracking and non-backtracking VMs .
( Code doing this dates back to 1985 , but I believe this article is the first written explanation of it . )
A Regular Expression Virtual Machine
To start , we 'll define a regular expression virtual machine ( think Java VM ) .
The VM executes one or more threads , each running a regular expression program , which is just a list of regular expression instructions .
Each thread maintains two registers while it runs : a program counter ( PC ) and a string pointer ( SP ) .
The regular expression instructions are :
char c
If the character SP points at is not c , stop this thread : it failed .
Otherwise , advance SP to the next character and advance PC to the next instruction .
match
Stop this thread : it found a match .
jmp x Jump to ( set the PC to point at ) the instruction at x. split x , y Split execution : continue at both x and y.
Create a new thread with SP copied from the current thread .
One thread continues with PC x .
The other continues with PC y.
( Like a simultaneous jump to both locations . )
The VM starts with a single thread running with its PC pointing at the beginning of the program and its SP pointing at the beginning of the input string .
To run a thread , the VM executes the instruction that the thread 's PC points at ; executing the instruction changes the thread 's PC to point at the next instruction to run .
Repeat until an instruction ( a failed char or a match ) stops the thread .
The regular expression matches a string if any thread finds a match .
Compiling a regular expression into byte code proceeds recursively depending on the form of the regular expression .
Recall from the previous article that regular expressions come in four forms : a single letter like a , a concatenation e 1 e 2 , an alternation e 1 | e 2 , or a repetition e ?
( zero or one ) , e * ( zero or more ) , or e + ( one or more ) .
A single letter a compiles into the single instruction char a .
A concatenation concatenates the compiled form of the two subexpressions .
An alternation uses a split to allow either choice to succeed .
A zero - or - one repetition e ?
uses a split to compile like an alternation with the empty string .
The zero - or - more repetition e * and the one - or - more repetition e + use a split to choose whether to match e or break out of the repetition .
The exact code sequences are :
a char a e 1 e 2 codes for e 1
codes for e 2 e 1 | e 2 split L1 , L2
L1 : codes for e 1
jmp L3
L2 : codes for e 2
L3 : e ? split L1 , L2
L1 : codes for e
L2 : e * L1 : split L2 , L3
L2 : codes for e
jmp L1
L3 : e + L1 : codes for e
split L1 , L3
L3 :
Once the entire regular expression has been compiled , the generated code is finished with a final match instruction .
As an example , the regular expression a+b+ compiles into
0 char a 1 split 0 , 2 2 char b 3 split 2 , 4 4 match
When run on aab , a VM implementation might run the program this way :
Thread PC SP Execution T1 0 char a a ab character matches T1 1 split 0 , 2 a a b creates thread T2 at PC=2 SP= a a b T1 0 char a a a b character matches T1 1 split 0 , 2 a a b creates thread T3 at PC=2 SP= aa b T1 0 char a aa b no match : thread T1 dies T2 2 char b a a b no match : thread T2 dies T3 2 char b aa b character matches T3 3 split 2 , 4 abb creates thread T4 at PC=4 SP= abb T3 2 char b abb no match ( end of string ) : thread T3 dies T4 4 match abb match !
In this example , the implementation waits to run a new thread until the current thread finishes , and it runs the threads in the order they were created ( oldest first ) .
This is not required by the VM specification ; it is up to the implementation to schedule the threads .
Other implementations might run the threads in another order or might even interleave thread executions .
VM Interface in C
The rest of this article examines a sequence of VM implementations , illustrating them using C source code .
The regular expression program is represented as an array of Inst structures , defined in C as :
enum { /* Inst.opcode */ Char , Match , Jmp , Split } ; struct
Inst { int opcode ; int c ; Inst *x ; Inst *y ; } ;
This bytecode is almost identical to the representation of the NFA graphs from the first article .
We can view the bytecode as an encoding of the NFA graphs into machine instructions , or we can view the NFA graphs as the control - flow graph of the bytecodes .
Each view makes different things easier to think about .
Whichever came first , this article focuses on the of the machine instruction view .
Each VM implementation will be a function taking the program and input string as arguments and returning an integer signaling whether the program matched the input string ( zero for no match ; non-zero for a match ) .
int implementation ( Inst * prog , char * input ) ;
A Recursive Backtracking Implementation
The simplest possible implementation of the VM does n't model the threads directly at all .
Instead , it calls itself recursively when it needs to explore a new thread of execution , taking advantage of the fact that the prog and input function parameters double as the initial values of pc and sp for the first thread .
int recursive ( Inst * pc , char * sp ) { switch ( pc -> opcode ) { case Char : if (* sp != pc ->c ) return 0 ; return recursive ( pc+1 , sp+1 ) ; case Match : return 1 ; case Jmp : return recursive ( pc - > x , sp ) ; case Split : if ( recursive ( pc - > x , sp ) ) return 1 ; return recursive ( pc - >y , sp ) ; } assert ( 0 ) ; return - 1 ; /* not reached */ }
The above version is very recursive and should be comfortable to programmers familiar with recursion - heavy languages like Lisp , ML , and Erlang .
Most C compilers will rewrite the “ return recursive ( ... ) ; ” statements ( the so - called tail calls ) into a goto back to the top of the function , so that the above compiles into something more like :
int recursiveloop ( Inst * pc , char * sp ) { for ( ; ; ) { switch ( pc->opcode ) { case Char : if (* sp != pc ->c ) return 0 ; pc++ ; sp++ ; continue ; case Match : return 1 ; case Jmp : pc = pc->x ; continue ; case Split : if ( recursiveloop ( pc - >x , sp ) ) return 1 ; pc = pc->y ; continue ; } assert ( 0 ) ; return - 1 ; /* not reached */ } }
where the looping is explicit .
Note that this version still needs one ( non-tail ) recursion , in case Split , to try pc ->x before trying pc ->y .
This implementation is the essence of Henry Spencer 's original library as well as the backtracking implementations in Java , Perl , PCRE , Python , and the original ed , sed , and grep .
This implementation runs very fast when there is little backtracking to be done , but it slows considerably when many possibilities must be tried , as we saw in the previous article .
This particular backtracking implementation has one shortcoming that production implementations usually do not : regular expressions like ( a* ) * can cause infinite loops in the compiled program , and this VM implementation does not detect such loops .
It turns out to be easy to fix this problem ( see the end of the article for details ) , but since backtracking is not our focus , we will simply ignore the problem .
A Non-recursive Backtracking Implementation
The recursive backtracking implementation runs a single thread until it dies , and then runs threads in the reverse of the order in which they were created ( newest first ) .
The threads waiting to run are not encoded explicitly : instead they are implicit in the values of pc and sp saved on the C call stack whenever the code recurses .
If there are too many threads waiting to run , the C call stack can overflow , causing errors much harder to debug than a performance problem .
The problem most commonly comes up during repetitions like .* , which create a new thread after each character ( like a+ did in the example above ) .
This is a real concern in multithreaded programs , which often have limited stack sizes and no hardware checking for stack overflow .
We can avoid overflowing the C stack by maintaining an explicit thread stack instead .
To start , we define a struct Thread and a simple constructor function thread :
struct Thread {
Inst * pc ; char * sp ; } ; Thread thread ( Inst * pc , char * sp ) ;
Then the VM implementation repeatedly takes a thread off its ready list and runs it to completion .
If one thread finds a match , we can stop early : the remaining threads need not be run .
If all threads finish without finding a match , there is no match .
We impose a simple limit on the number of threads waiting to run , reporting an error if the limit is reached .
int backtrackingvm ( Inst * prog , char * input ) { enum { MAXTHREAD = 1000 } ; Thread ready [ MAXTHREAD ] ; int nready ; Inst * pc ; char * sp ; /* queue initial thread */ ready [ 0 ] = thread ( prog , input ) ; nready = 1 ; /* run threads in stack order */ while ( nready > 0 ) { -- nready ; /* pop state for next thread to run */ pc = ready [ nready ] .pc ; sp = ready [ nready ] .sp ; for ( ; ; ) { switch ( pc->opcode ) { case Char : if (* sp != pc ->c ) goto Dead ; pc++ ; sp++ ; continue ; case Match : return 1 ; case Jmp : pc = pc->x ; continue ; case Split : if ( nready >= MAXTHREAD ) { fprintf ( stderr , " regexp overflow " ) ; return - 1 ; } /* queue new thread */ ready [ nready ++ ] = thread ( pc->y , sp ) ; pc = pc->x ; /* continue current thread */ continue ; } } Dead : ; } return 0 ; }
This implementation behaves the same as recursive and recursiveloop ; it just does n't use the C stack .
Compare the two Split cases :
/* recursiveloop */ case Split : if ( recursiveloop ( pc - >x , sp ) ) return 1 ; pc = pc->y ; continue ; /* backtrackingvm */ case Split : if ( nready >= MAXTHREAD ) { fprintf ( stderr , " regexp overflow " ) ; return - 1 ; } /* queue new thread */ ready [ nready ++ ] = thread ( pc->y , sp ) ; pc = pc->x ; /* continue current thread */ continue ;
The backtracking is still present , but the backtrackingvm code must do explicitly what the recursiveloop did implicitly : save the PC and SP that will be used after the recursion so that they can be tried if the current thread fails .
Being explicit makes it possible to add the overflow check .
Thompson 's Implementation
Viewing regular expression matching as running threads in a VM , we can present an alternate formulation of Ken Thompson 's algorithm , one that is closer to Thompson 's PDP - 11 machine code than what was presented in the first article .
Thompson observed that backtracking required scanning some parts of the input string multiple times .
To avoid this , he built a VM implementation that ran all the threads in lock step : they all process the first character in the string , then they all process the second , and so on .
This is possible because newly created VM threads never look backward in the string , so they can be coerced into lock step with the existing threads .
Because all threads execute in lock step , they all have the same value for the string pointer , so it is no longer necessary to save as part of the thread state :
struct Thread {
Inst * pc ; } ; Thread thread ( Inst * pc ) ;
In our framework , Thompson 's VM implementation is :
int thompsonvm ( Inst * prog , char * input ) { int len ; ThreadList * clist , * nlist ; Inst * pc ; char * sp ; len = proglen ( prog ) ; /* # of instructions */ clist = threadlist ( len ) ; nlist = threadlist ( len ) ; addthread ( clist , thread ( prog ) ) ; for ( sp=input ; * sp ; sp ++ ) { for ( i=0 ; i< clist .n ; i++) { pc = clist .t[ i ] . pc ; switch ( pc->opcode ) { case Char : if (* sp != pc ->c ) break ; addthread ( nlist , thread ( pc+1 ) ) ; break ; case Match : return 1 ; case Jmp : addthread ( clist , thread ( pc - > x ) ) ; break ; case Split : addthread ( clist , thread ( pc - > x ) ) ; addthread ( clist , thread ( pc - >y ) ) ; break ; } } swap ( clist , nlist ) ; clear ( nlist ) ; } }
Suppose that there are n instructions in the regular expression program being run .
Because the thread state is only the program counter , there are only n different possible threads that can appear on clist or nlist .
If addthread does not add a thread to the list if an identical thread ( with the same pc ) is already on the list , then ThreadLists only need room for n possible threads , eliminating the possibility of overflow .
Having at most n threads on a list also bounds the amount of time spent processing each character .
Assuming an efficient O( 1 ) implementation of addthread , the worst case time for processing a single character is only O( n ) , so the time for the entire string is O( n m ) .
This is far better than the essentially unbounded time requires by backtracking .
( It also eliminates the infinite loops mentioned above . )
Strictly speaking , there 's no reason why the backtracking VM implementation could n't adopt the same trick , making sure not to queue a thread if an identical thread ( with the same pc and sp ) had already been queued .
Doing so would require tracking n m possible threads : one for each possible pc and sp pair .
It is not uncommon to search for a 20 - byte regular expression in a megabyte of text .
In that case n is at most 40 , but n m can be as high as 40 million .
( And by today 's standards , a megabyte of text is tiny ! )
The benefit of Thompson 's approach is that , because the threads run in lock step , there are only n possible threads at a given point .
The approach reducing the bookkeeping overhead dramatically by making it independent of the text length .
Tracking Submatches
Treating regular expressions as compiled to bytecodes makes it easy to add new features , like submatch tracking , by defining new bytecodes and implementing them .
To add submatch tracking , we 'll add an array of saved string pointers to the thread state .
The new bytecode instruction save i saves the current string pointer in the ith slot in the saved pointer array for the current thread .
To compile ( e ) , which saves the boundaries of the match for e , we 'll put save instructions around the code for e .
For the kth set of parentheses ( Perl 's $ k ) , we 'll use slots 2 k to hold the starting position and 2k+1 to hold the ending position .
For example , compare the compiled form of a +b+ and ( a+ ) ( b+ ) :
a+b+ ( a+ ) (b+ ) 0 save 2 0 char a 1 char a 1 split 0 , 2 2 split 1 , 3 3 save 3 4 save 4 2 char b 5 char b 3 split 2 , 4 6 split 5 , 7 7 save 5 4 match 8 match
If we wanted to find the boundaries of the entire match , we could wrap the generated bytecode in save 0 and save 1 instructions .
Implementing the save instruction in recursiveloop is straightforward ( saved [ pc - > i ] =sp ) except that the assignment must be undone if the match goes on to fail .
This insulates the successful thread from failed threads .
int recursiveloop ( Inst * pc , char * sp , char ** saved ) { char * old ; for ( ; ; ) { switch ( pc->opcode ) { case Char : if (* sp != pc ->c ) return 0 ; pc++ ; sp++ ; break ; case Match : return 1 ; case Jmp : pc = pc->x ; break ; case Split : if ( recursiveloop ( pc - >x , sp , saved ) ) return 1 ; pc = pc->y ; break ; case Save : old = saved [ pc - > i ] ; saved [ pc - > i ] = sp ; if ( recursiveloop ( pc+1 , sp , saved ) ) return 1 ; /* restore old if failed */ saved [ pc - >i ] = old ; return 0 ; } } }
Notice that case Save has an unavoidable recursion , just like case Split does .
The Save recursion is harder to compile out than the Split recursion ; fitting Save into backtrackingvm requires more effort .
The difference in effort is one reason implementors prefer recursion despite the possible stack overflow problems .
Pike 's Implementation
In a “ threaded ” implementation like thompsonvm above , we simply add the saved pointer set to the thread state .
Rob
Pike first used this approach , in the text editor sam .
struct Thread {
Inst * pc ; char * saved [ 20 ] ; /* $ 0 through $ 9 */ } ; Thread thread ( Inst * pc , char ** saved ) ;
int pikevm ( Inst * prog , char * input , char ** saved ) { int len ; ThreadList * clist , * nlist ; Inst * pc ; char * sp ; Thread t ; len = proglen ( prog ) ; /* # of instructions */ clist = threadlist ( len ) ; nlist = threadlist ( len ) ; addthread ( clist , thread ( prog , saved ) ) ; for ( sp=input ; * sp ; sp ++ ) { for ( i=0 ; i>clist .n ; i++) { t = clist .t[ i ] ; switch ( pc->opcode ) { case Char : if (* sp != pc ->c ) break ; addthread ( nlist , thread ( t.pc+1 , t.saved ) ) ; break ; case Match : memmove ( saved , t.saved , sizeof t.saved ) ; return 1 ; case Jmp : addthread ( clist , thread ( t. pc ->x , t.saved ) ) ; break ; case Split : addthread ( clist , thread ( t. pc ->x , t.saved ) ) ; addthread ( clist , thread ( t. pc ->y , t.saved ) ) ; break ; case Save : t.saved[t-> pc.i ] = sp ; addthread ( clist , thread ( t.pc ->x , t.saved ) ) ; break ; } } swap ( clist , nlist ) ; clear ( nlist ) ; } }
The case Save code is simpler in pikevm than in recursiveloop , because each thread has its own copy of saved : there is no need to restore the old value .
In Thompson 's VM , addthread could limit the size of the thread lists to n , the length of the compiled program , by keeping only one thread with each possible PC .
In Pike 's VM , the thread state is larger — it includes the saved pointers too — but addthread can still keep just one thread with each possible PC .
This is because the saved pointers do not influence future execution : they only record past execution .
Two threads with the same PC will execute identically even if they have different saved pointers ; thus only one thread per PC needs to be kept .
Ambiguous Submatching
Sometimes there is more than one way for a regular expression to match a string .
As a simple example , consider searching for <.*> in < html ></html > .
Does the pattern match just < html > or the entire < html ></ html > ?
Equivalently , does the .* match just html or html ></ html ?
Perl , the de-facto standard for regular expression implementations , does the latter .
In this sense , * is “ greedy ” : it matches as much as it can while preserving the match .
Requiring * to be greedy essentially imposes a priority on each thread of execution .
We can add such a priority to the VM specification by defining that the split instruction “ prefers ” successful execution using its first argument to its second argument .
With a prioritizing split , we can implement a greedy e * ( and e ? and e + ) by making sure that the preferred choice is the one that matches more instances of e .
Perl also introduced a “ non-greedy ” e *? ( and e ?? and e +? ) that matches as little as possible .
It can be implemented by reversing the arguments to split , so that matching fewer instances is preferred .
The exact code sequences are :
greedy ( same as above )
e ? split L1 , L2
L1 : codes for e
L2 : e * L1 : split L2 , L3
L2 : codes for e
jmp L1
L3 : e + L1 : codes for e
split L1 , L3
L3 : non-greedy
e ?? split L2 , L1
L1 : codes for e
L2 : e *? L1 : split L3 , L2
L2 : codes for e
jmp L1
L3 : e +? L1 : codes for e
split L3 , L1
L3 :
The backtracking implementations given above already prioritize split 's choices in the way just defined , though verifying this fact takes a little effort .
The recursive and recursiveloop implementations simply try pc->x before pc->y :
/* recursive */ case Split : if ( recursive ( pc - >x , sp ) ) return 1 ; return recursive ( pc->y , sp ) ; /* recursiveloop */ case Split : if ( recursiveloop ( pc - >x , sp ) ) return 1 ; pc = pc->y ; continue ;
The backtrackingvm implementation creates a new thread for the lower - priority pc->y and continues executing at pc->x :
/* backtrackingvm */ case Split : if ( nready >= MAXTHREAD ) { fprintf ( stderr , " regexp overflow " ) ; return - 1 ; } /* queue new thread */ ready [ nready ++ ] = thread ( pc->y , sp ) ; pc = pc->x ; /* continue current thread */ continue ;
Because the threads are managed in a stack ( last in , first out ) , the thread for pc->y will not execute until all threads created by pc ->x have been tried and failed .
Those threads all have higher priority than the pc->y thread .
The pikevm implementation given above does not completely respect thread priority , but it can be fixed .
To make it respect priority , we can make addthread handle Jmp , Split , and Save instructions by calling itself recursively to add the targets of those instructions instead .
( This makes addthread essentially identical to addstate in the first article . )
This change ensures that clist and nlist are maintained in order of thread priority , from highest to lowest .
The processing loop in pikevm thus tries threads in priority order , and the aggressive addthread makes sure that all threads generated from one priority level are added to nlist before considering threads from the next priority level .
The pikevm changes are motivated by the observation that recursion respects thread priority .
The new code uses recursion while processing a single character , so that nlist will be generated in priority order , but it still advances threads in lock step to keep the good run-time behavior .
Because nlist is generated in priority order , the “ ignore a thread if the PC has been seen before ” heuristic is safe : the thread seen earlier is higher priority and should be the one that gets saved .
There is one more change necessary in pikevm : if a match is found , threads that occur later in the clist ( lower - priority ones ) should be cut off , but higher - priority threads need to be given the chance to match possibly - longer sections of the string .
The new main loop in pikevm looks like :
for ( i=0 ; i< clist .n ; i++) { pc = clist .t[ i ] . pc ; switch ( pc->opcode ) { case Char : if (* sp != pc ->c ) break ; addthread ( nlist , thread ( pc+1 ) , sp+1 ) ; break ; case Match : saved = t.saved ; // save end pointer matched = 1 ; clist .n = 0 ; break ; } }
The same changes can be made to thompsonvm , but since it does not record submatch locations , the only visible effect would be the VM 's choice of end pointer when there is a match .
The changes would make thompsonvm stop at the end of the same match that the backtracking implementation would have chosen .
This will be useful in the next article .
An implementation can use other criteria to cull the thread set , by comparing the submatch sets directly .
The Eighth Edition Unix library used leftmost longest as the criteria , to mimic DFA - based tools like awk and egrep .
Real world regular expressions
Regular expression usage in real programs is somewhat more complicated than what the regular expression implementations described above can handle .
This section briefly describes how to accommodate a few common constructs .
Character classes .
Character classes are typically implemented as a special VM instruction rather than expanding them into alternations .
The sample code linked below implements a special case version of this , using an “ any byte ” instruction for the metacharacter .
( dot ) .
Repetition .
Repetitions often end at a character that cannot appear in the repetition .
For example , in / [ 0 - 9 ] + :[ 0 - 9 ] +/ , the first [ 0 - 9 ] + must end at : and the second must end at a non -digit .
It is possible to introduce one - byte lookaheads to avoid the overhead of creating new threads during the repetition .
This technique is most frequently seen in backtracking implementations , which would otherwise create one new thread per character .
If threads are implemented recursively , then this optimization is necessary to avoid stack overflows for simple expressions .
Backtracking loops .
At the beginning of the article , we noted that a naive backtracking algorithm could go into an infinite loop searching for ( a* ) * , because of the repeated empty match .
A simple way to avoid these loops during backtracking is to introduce a progress instruction , which says that each time the machine executes that instruction it must have moved forward since the last time it was there .
Alternate program structures for backtracking .
Another way to avoid loops is to change the instruction set to introduce instructions for the repetitions .
The implementation of those instructions can call the subpieces as subroutines , which avoids the infinite loop problem and makes it more efficient to implement features like counted repetition and assertions .
Even so , these constructs make the non-recursive implementation much harder ( more state to keep around like the " old " pointer ) and preclude the automata techniques behind Pike 's VM implementation .
It 's also easy for the implementation to get out of control though : look at Perl or PCRE or really any other “ full - featured ” regexp implementation .
Backreferences .
Backreferences are trivial in backtracking implementations .
In Pike 's VM , they can be accommodated , except that the argument about discarding threads with duplicate PCs no longer holds : two threads with the same PC might have different capture sets , and now the capture sets can influence future execution , so an implementation has to keep both threads , a potentially exponential blowup in state .
GNU grep combines both approaches : it rewrites backreferences into an approximate regular expression that can be used with a DFA ( for example , ( cat|dog ) \1 becomes ( cat|dog ) ( cat|dog ) , which has a different , broader meaning than the original ) and then the matches that the DFA turns up can be checked with the backtracking search .
Unanchored matches .
To implement unanchored matches , many implementations try for a match at position 0 , then try for a match at position 1 , and so on .
If the regexp engine scans to the end of the string before failing to find a match , wrapping it in this loop makes the unanchored search quadratic in the length of the text .
In VM - based implementations , a more efficient way to do an unanchored search is to put the compiled code for .*? at the beginning of the program .
This lets the VM itself implement the unanchored search in a single linear - time pass .
Character encodings .
Since the Thompson and Pike VMs work a character at a time , never back up , and do n't have any tables proportional to the size of the character set , it is easy to support alternate encodings and character sets , even UTF - 8 : just decode the character in the dispatch loop before running that step of the machine .
These VMs have the property that they only decode each character once , which is nice when the decoding is complicated ( UTF - 8 decoding is not terribly expensive , but it 's also not just a single pointer dereference ) .
Digression : POSIX Submatching
The POSIX committee decided that Perl 's rules for resolving submatch ambiguity were too hard to explain , so they chose new rules that are easier to state but turn out to be harder to implement .
( The rules also make it essentially impossible to define non-greedy operators and are incompatible with pre-existing regular expression implementations , so almost nobody uses them . )
Needless to say , POSIX 's rules have n't caught on .
POSIX defines that to resolve submatches , first chose the match that starts leftmost in the string .
( This is traditional Perl behavior but here things diverge . )
Among the submatches starting at the leftmost position in the string , choose the longest one overall .
If there are still multiple choices , choose the ones that maximize the length of the leftmost element in the regular expression .
Of the choices remaining , choose the ones that maximize the next element in the regular expression .
And so on .
In an NFA - based implementation , this requires putting extra parentheses around every concatenation expression of variable length .
Then one can merge two threads by choosing the one that is “ better ” according to the POSIX rules .
And then there are the rules for repetitions : POSIX defines that x* is like ( xx * ) ? , where the first x is as long as possible , then the second one is , and so on .
It is possible to invent contrived examples showing that an NFA must track every possible x in the repetition separately in order to merge threads correctly , so the amount of per - thread state required for a forward regular expression search that maintains states as described above is potentially unbounded .
For example , when when matching ( a|bcdef|g|ab|c|d|e|efg|fg ) * against abcdefg , there are three possible ways for the star operator to break up the string : a bcdef g , ab c d efg , and ab c d e fg .
In Perl , the alternation prefers earlier alternatives , choosing the first version — using a in the first iteration trumps using ab because a is listed first — so the recorded submatch for those parentheses is g .
In POSIX , the repetition prefers to match the largest possible substring in each step , which leads to the second version — using ab in the first repetition trumps a , and then using efg in the fourth iteration trumps e — so the recorded submatch for those parentheses is efg .
Glenn Fowler has written a test suite for POSIX regular expression semantics , and Chris Kuklewicz has written a more complete test suite that finds bugs in most implementations .
There are two possible ways to avoid the seemingly unbounded tracking of space implied by POSIX submatching semantics .
First , it turns out that matching the regular expression backward bounds the bookkeeping to being linear in the size of the regular expression .
This program demonstrates the technique .
Second , Chris Kuklewicz observes that it is possible to run the machine forward in bounded space if the machine regularly compares all threads , replacing the submatch data that would be used in the event of a collision with an assigned per-thread priority ( from 1 to n ) .
His regex - tdfa package for Haskell implements this technique .
Digression : A Forgotten Technique
The most interesting technique in this article is the one of storing submatch information in the regular expression thread state .
The earliest instance I know of this technique in a regular expression engine is in Rob Pike 's sam editor , written around 1985 .
( The modifications to store submatches were contributed by Bruce Janson a couple of years after the original implementation . )
The technique makes a cameo in a textbook in 1974 but then seems to get lost until its reappearance in sam .
In Aho , Hopcroft , and Ullman 's 1974 The Design and Analysis of Computer Algorithms , Chapter 9 is devoted to “ Pattern Matching Algorithms . ”
There are two interesting exercises in Chapter 9 :
9.6 Let x = a 1 a 2 ... a n be a given string and α a regular expression .
Modify Algorithm 9.1 [ the NFA simulation ] to find the least k and , having found k , the ( a ) least j and ( b ) the greatest j such that a j a j + 1 ... a k is in the set denoted by α.
[ Hint : Associate an integer j with each state in S j . ]
* 9.7 Let x and α be as in Exercise 9.6 .
Modify Algorithm 9.1 to find the least j , and having found j , the greatest k such that a j a j + 1 ... a k is in the set denoted by α .
Exercise 9.6 is asking for the shortest match among those that end at the earliest possible string location .
Exercise 9.7 is asking for the longest match among those that start at the earliest possible string location — the now standard “ leftmost longest ” match .
In fact , text earlier in the chapter ( in section 9.2 ) all but gave away the answer :
Various pattern recognition algorithms may be constructed from Algorithm 9.1 .
For example , suppose we are given a regular expression α and a text string x = a 1 a 2 ...a n , and we wish to find the least k such that there exists a j < k for which a j a j + 1 ... a k is in the set denoted by α. Using Theorem 9.2 [ the regular expression to NFA construction ] we can construct from α an NFDFA M to accept the language I *α .
To find the least k such that a 1 a 2 ...a k is in L ( M ) , we can insert a test at the end of the block of lines 2 - 12 in Fig 9.11 [ after each input character ] to see whether S i contains a state of F .
We may , by Theorem 9.2 , take F to be a singleton , so this test is not time - consuming ; it is O ( m ) , where m is the number of states in M .
If S i contains a state of F , then we break out of the main loop , having found a 1 a 2 ... a i to be the shortest prefix of x in L ( M ) .
Algorithm 9.1 can be further modified to produce for each such k the greatest j < k ( or the least j ) such that a j a j + 1 ... a k is in the set denoted by α .
This is done by associating an integer with each state in the sets S i .
The integer associated with state s in S k indicates the greatest j ( or least j ) such that ( s 0 , a j a j + 1 ... a k ) |–* ( s , ε ) .
The details of updating these integers in Algorithm 9.1 are left as an exercise .
As far as I can tell , the technique hinted at in the chapter and in the exercise was forgotten until its use in sam , and even then went unnoticed for over a decade .
In particular , neither the exercise nor the technique make any appearance in Aho , Hopcroft , or Ullman 's later textbooks , and the regular expression matcher in awk ( Aho is the a in awk ) uses the naive quadratic “ loop around a DFA ” to implement leftmost - longest matching . )
Digression : “ Thompson 's Algorithm ”
The first article in this series explains :
R. McNaughton and H. Yamada and Ken Thompson are commonly credited with giving the first constructions to convert regular expressions into NFAs , even though neither paper mentions the then - nascent concept of an NFA .
McNaughton and Yamada 's construction creates a DFA , and Thompson 's construction creates IBM 7094 machine code , but reading between the lines one can see latent NFA constructions underlying both .
It 's interesting to trace the history of how an NFA construction has come to be credited to two papers that did n't mention NFAs .
Thompson 's paper 's only reference to theory is the sentence “ In the terms of Brzozowski [ 1 ] , this algorithm continually takes the left derivative of the given regular expression with respect to the text to be searched . ”
It was Aho , Hopcroft , and Ullman 's 1974 textbook The Design and Analysis of Computer Algorithms that first presented the algorithm in terms of automata , converting the regular expression to an NFA and then giving an algorithm to execute the NFA .
The Bibliographic Notes at the end of the chapter explain that “ The regular expression pattern - matching algorithm ( Algorithm 9.1 ) is an abstraction of an algorithm by Thompson [ 1968 ] . ”
Aho and Ullman 's 1977 Principles of Compiler Design presents the algorithm to convert regular expressions to NFAs without an attribution .
A later discussion about executing regular expressions reads :
The time we spend processing the regular - expression pattern to convert it to a form , such as a DFA , suitable for scanning the input line could far exceed the actual time spent scanning the line .
To make the whole process efficient we must balance the time spent processing the pattern and doing the scanning .
A reasonable compromise , proposed by Thompson [ 1968 ] , is to convert the regular expression to an NFA .
The process of scanning the input is then one of directly simulating the NFA .
As we scan the line , a list of “ current ” states is kept , beginning with the ε -CLOSURE of the start state .
If a is the next input character , we create a new list of all states with a transition on a from a state of the old list .
The old list is then discarded and we compute the ε -CLOSURE of the new list .
If the final state is not on the new list , we repeat the process with the next character .
The Bibliographic Notes say “ Thompson [ 1968 ] describes a regular - expression recognition algorithm used in the QED text editor . ”
Aho , Sethi , and Ullman 's 1986 Compilers : Principles , Techniques , and Tools ( the Dragon Book ) gives the algorithm for converting an NFA to a regular expression as “ Algorithm 3.3 .
( Thompson 's construction ) . ” Algorithm 3.4 , “ Simulating an NFA , ” is uncredited .
The Bibliographic Notes read “ Many text editors use regular expressions for context searches .
Thompson [ 1968 ] , for example , describes the construction of an NFA from a regular expression ( Algorithm 3.3 ) in the context of the QED text editor . ”
Where the 1974 textbook referred to the construction as “ an abstraction of an algorithm by Thompson , ” the Dragon book simply calls it “ Thompson 's construction . ”
The two are easily distinguished .
If you read past the machine code to look at the NFA underneath , Thompson 's 1968 paper uses one NFA state per literal character , union , or star .
In contrast , the Dragon book presentation uses two states per character , union , or star and then drops one state per concatenation ( the 1974 presentation was similar but without the concatenation optimization ) .
The introduction of all the extra states makes the proofs easier but can double the number of states to be managed in a practical implementation .
I have found many papers that use the Dragon book construction but cite Thompson 's paper instead .
I 've even seen papers that “ optimize ” Thompson 's construction , presenting algorithms that post - process the Dragon book algorithm to remove the unnecessary states .
Aho and Ullman 's 1992 Foundations of Computer Science devotes Chapter 10 to “ Patterns , Automata , and Regular Expressions , ” giving the now familiar constructions without attribution in the main text .
The Bibliographic Notes read “ The construction of nondeterministic automata from regular expressions that we used in Section 10.8 is from McNaughton and Yamada [ 1960 ] ....
The use of regular expressions as a way to describe patterns in strings first appeared in Ken Thompson 's QED system ( Thompson [ 1968 ] ) , and the same ideas later influenced many commands in his UNIX system . ”
The reference to McNaughton and Yamada 's paper is interesting because , like Thompson's , their paper does not mention NFAs either .
It does give an algorithm for constructing a DFA from a regular expression , and that DFA is quite clearly ( in hindsight ) the result of applying the subset construction to the usual NFA , but the NFA itself is never mentioned .
Hopcroft , Motwani , and Ullman 's 2001 Introduction to Automata Theory , Languages , and Computation also gives the familiar constructions .
The References for Chapter 3 reads : “ [ The ] construction of an ε - NFA from a regular expression , as presented here , is the ‘ McNaughton - Yamada construction , ’ from [ McNaughton and Yamada , 1960 ] ....
Even before developing UNIX , K .
Thompson was investigating the use of regular expressions in commands such as grep , and his algorithm for processing such commands appears in [ Thompson , 1968 ] . ”
The 2007 revision of the textbook left this section unchanged .
Aho , Lam , Sethi , and Ullman 's 2007 Compilers : Principles , Techniques , and Tools ( 2nd Edition ) gives by far the most accurate account of the history .
Where the 1986 book described Algorithm 3.3 as simply “ Thompson 's construction , ” the 2007 edition describes the same algorithm ( now Algorithm 3.23 ) as “ The McNaughton - Yamada - Thompson algorithm to convert a regular expression to an NFA . ”
Then the References for Chapter 3 elaborate :
McNaughton and Yamada [ 1960 ] first gave an algorithm to convert regular expressions directly to finite automata .
Algorithm 3.36 described in Section 3.9 was first used by Aho in creating the Unix regular - expression matching tool egrep .
This algorithm was also used in the regular - expression pattern matching routines in awk [ Aho , Kernighan , and Weinberger , 1988 ] .
The approach of using nondeterministic automata as intermediary is due Thompson [ 1968 ] .
The latter paper also contains the algorithm for direct simulation of nondeterministic finite automata ( Algorithm 3.22 ) , which was used by Thompson in the text editor QED .
By the way , Brzozowski's approach , cited by Thompson , fell out of favor and was largely ignored for many years , but Owens , Reppy , and Turon 's excellent paper “ Regular - expression derivatives reexamined ” ( JFP , 19 ( 2 ) , March 2009 ) points out that the approach works even better than automata in languages with good support for symbolic manipulation .
Implementations
See the previous article for detailed history .
The source code for this article is available at http://code.google.com/p/re1/.
For a tour through the guts of a modern backtracking engine , see Henry Spencer 's chapter “ A Regular - Expression Matcher ” in the book Software Solutions In C , Dale Schumacher , ed. , Academic Press , 1994 .
Summary
Thinking about regular expressions as programs for a virtual machine is a useful abstraction : a single regular expression parser can compile the regular expression into byte codes , and then different implementations can be used to execute the byte codes , depending on the context .
Automata - based implementations can track submatch boundaries and get the same answers as a traditional backtracking implementation , with a guaranteed linear run time .
Thanks to Alex Healy and Chris Kuklewicz for helpful discussions about Perl and POSIX submatch semantics .
P.S. If you liked reading this , you might also be interested to read Roberto Ierusalimschy 's paper “ A Text Pattern - Matching Tool based on Parsing Expression Grammars , ” which uses a similar approach to match PEGs .
The next article in this series is “ Regular Expression Matching in the Wild , ” a tour of a production implementation .
References
[ 1 ] Rob Pike , “ The text editor sam , ” Software — Practice & Experience 17 ( 11 ) ( November 1987 ) , pp. 813–845 .
http://plan9.bell-labs.com/sys/doc/sam/sam.html
[ 2 ] Ken Thompson , “ Regular expression search algorithm , ” Communications of the ACM 11 ( 6 ) ( June 1968 ) , pp. 419–422 .
http://doi.acm.org/10.1145/363347.363387
( PDF )
I made bacon with this and it was awesome .
It cooked the bacon perfectly and left me with a bowl of bacon fat that I poured on my dog 's food .
She was happy .
So far , the news about swine flu is better than expected .
The pandemic may have reached its peak and is heading downward in all regions of the country ; weekly deaths from swine flu have started to decline ; the virus remains relatively mild ; there seem to be few claims of serious side effects from the vaccine ; and despite widespread complaints about shortages , vaccine supplies are steadily building up .
By mid-October , the latest estimates available , the swine flu had infected some 22 million Americans , sent roughly 98,000 to the hospital and killed roughly 3,900 .
Those numbers may sound high , but they are not apt to reach the levels of harm caused by a normal flu season .
One big unknown is whether we will see a normal flu epidemic on top of the swine flu outbreaks or whether the swine flu will crowd out the seasonal flu , which has barely been detected here .
Supplies of seasonal flu vaccine have also been running short .
The five companies licensed to make flu shots for this country had expected to make more than 118 million doses , but manufacturing glitches and the need to convert production to swine flu vaccine cut the supply of seasonal flu vaccine to 114 million doses .
Even 118 million would not have been enough to meet demand that was revved up this year by all the publicity surrounding the new swine flu .
( The vaccines are not interchangeable . )
Even as the swine flu seemed to be waning last week , health officials voiced concerns that Thanksgiving travels and get - togethers could lead to new outbreaks .
And there were a few hints of troubling developments .
The plane was carrying 278 passengers
An incident on an airliner arriving in the US city of Detroit from Amsterdam in the Netherlands was a failed bomb attack , senior US officials say .
Sources say a man burnt his leg trying to ignite explosives on the jet , which had 278 passengers and 11 crew aboard , but nobody else was seriously hurt .
In custody , the Nigerian suspect said he had been acting on behalf of al - Qaeda , a police source said .
President Barack Obama has ordered increased security for air travel .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The White House spokesman Bill Burton said the president was monitoring the situation .
Northwest Airlines Flight 253 had been about 20 minutes away from landing at Detroit Metropolitan Airport on Friday afternoon when the incident occurred .
Reports quote officials as saying the suspect seems to have tried to ignite some kind of incendiary device .
Melinda Dennis , a passenger , said the man had been severely burned on one leg , and a fire extinguisher and water were used to put out the fire .
AIRLINE TERROR PLOTS 1995 : Al - Qaeda plots to blow up US airliners over the Pacific in " Operation Bojinka " 2001 : Briton Richard Reid tries to blow up a Paris - Miami flight with 197 people on board using explosives hidden in his shoes 2006 : Police in Britain foil a series of attacks on transatlantic flights using liquid bombs disguised as soft drinks Another passenger , Syed Jafri , said he had been seated three rows behind the suspect and had seen a glow and noticed a smoke smell .
Then , he said , " a young man behind me jumped on him " .
" Next thing you know , there was a lot of panic , " Mr Jafri added .
As the suspect was being tackled , he was reportedly shouting and a passenger said she had heard the word " Afghanistan " .
' Taped to his leg '
Another unnamed passenger heard a " little pop " , then saw " a bit of a smoke and then some flames " .
A robot could be seen examining the plane with an official nearby After " yelling and screaming " , the passenger added , " they took him out and it was really quick " .
The suspect later told the US authorities he had had explosive powder taped to his leg and used a syringe of chemicals to mix with the powder that was to cause explosion , the ABC television network reports .
A US intelligence official quoted by AP said an explosive device had been used consisting of a " mix of powder and liquid " .
Peter King , who sits on the US House of Representatives Homeland Security Committee , said the suspect had third - degree burns .
The New York Republican named the detainee as Abdul Mudallad , 23 , a Nigerian national whose name , he said , was in a database indicating " a significant terrorist connection " although it did not appear on a " no - fly " list .
Mr Mutallab , whose name was given elsewhere as Abdul Farouk Abdulmutallab , reportedly told investigators he had links to al - Qaeda and had received the explosives in Yemen .
According to some US and Dutch media reports , he is a student at University College London .
Mr King also said investigators were looking into whether the incident was part of a larger plot and a " worldwide alert " had been raised .
The Department of Homeland Security said " additional screening measures " had been put into effect since the incident .
At least one passenger was taken to the University of Michigan Medical Center in Ann Arbor .
Susan Elliott , a spokeswoman for Delta , Northwest 's parent company , said the airline was co-operating with the investigation .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Honolulu TV :
Conservative radio talk host Rush Limbaugh was rushed to a Honolulu hospital on Wednesday afternoon with chest pains , sources told KITV .
Paramedics responded to the call at 2:41 p.m. at the Kahala Hotel and Resort .
Limbaugh suffered from chest pains , sources said .
Paramedics treated him and took him to Queen 's Medical Center in serious condition .
He was seen golfing at Waialae Country Club earlier this week .
The country club is next to the Kahala Hotel and Resort .
British company Touch Bionics has created the world 's first powered bionic fingers that can be used by patients with missing fingers .
ProDigits , as the device is called , can help its users bend , touch , pick up and point – reflecting almost all the key functions of a natural hand .
The prosthetic fingers are for those who have a partial hand , where the absence of fingers is due either to congenital anomalies or to amputation , says Touch Bionics .
Maria Iglesias , a former concert pianist from Spain , is among the first patients to get the custom - made mechanical fingers .
The bionic fingers cost between $ 57,000 and $ 73,000 .
Touch Bionics already has a prosthetic arm called i-LIMB that has become a part of more than 3,000 patients .
Advanced prosthetic arms are an active area of research , as scientists and doctors try to find ways to replicate the functionality of the human arm .
The human hand is difficult to create artificially , because it is not just about movement .
The hand also offers feedback about the texture and nature of the object .
Conventional prosthetic arms have been little more than hooks with fingers that are fused together .
Touch Bionic 's ProDigits fingers help solve one part of the problem .
For some patients , not having fingers or opposable thumbs makes small tasks such as holding a fork or a cup difficult and frustrating .
ProDigits ' artificial fingers can wiggle independently or come together to form a fist .
Each of the bionic fingers is custom - built .
The sockets are designed and fabricated to suit each patient 's specific needs , says the company .
ProDigits are activated either by myoelectric sensors that register muscle signals from the residual finger or palm , or by a pressure - sensitive switch input in the form of a touchpad .
The fingers also have a feature that detects when they have closed around an object .
As the video shows , the degree of flexibility that the ProDigits offers is amazing .
For more on prosthetic arms , see our photo gallery featuring prototypes such as a thought - controlled prosthetic arm and an arm powered by a miniature rocket motor .
Photo : Touch Bionics
Rep. G.K. Butterfield ( D - N.C. ) got Chairmen Henry Waxman , Charlie Rangel and George Miller to sign a copy of the House health care bill .
The fourth signature belongs to Energy and Commerce Chairman John D. Dingell , whose family has been introducing national health care bills since 1943 .
| Photo by Jonathan Allen Bishops back abortion compromise
House leaders have won the backing of the nation ’s Catholic bishops for a last - minute abortion compromise , a critical boost that could give the health reform bill enough momentum – and enough votes – for passage as early as Saturday .
As they awaited President Barack Obama 's visit before noon , House Democrats held out hopes they could rally the 218 votes to pass a sweeping $ 1.2 trillion health reform bill , even if it took until late Saturday night .
Advertisement
But they clearly were n't there yet .
During the day 's first round of votes to corral support for the bill , Majority Leader Steny Hoyer made a rare appearance in the Speaker 's Lobby , just off the House floor , to look for colleagues .
He told a group of reporters , " I 'm always gun-shy ... At this moment , I 'm counting . "
Abortion flared up as a last - minute obstacle to passage , as anti-abortion members pressed for – and won – a vote on an amendment barring insurance companies that participate in the exchange from covering abortions .
That prompted the letter of support for the compromise from the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops .
" Passing this amendment allows the House to meet our criteria of preserving the existing protections against abortion funding in the new legislation , " the bishops wrote in a letter to individual members .
" Most importantly , it will ensure that no government funds will be used for abortion or health plans which include abortion . "
It ’s another bitter pill for liberal Democrats but party leaders are gambling that the amendment will be just the breakthrough they need to secure a majority .
And in fact , most Democratic advocates of abortion rights appear likely to swallow hard and vote for a health care overhaul anyway .
“ I do n't believe any of us believe we can hold up what we 've been fighting for ... and that 's health care , " said Rep. Louise Slaughter ( D - N.Y . ) .
Asked whether her allies in the pro-choice movement would support the bill with the Stupak language , Speaker Nancy Pelosi offered a one - word answer : " Yes . "
At least 23 Democrats have come out against the bill , giving Pelosi a buffer of 17 votes to work with .
But there could easily be another 20 Democrats in the " lean no " category , not to mention the broad universe of undecided lawmakers .
So Pelosi and her team essentially need every undecided vote and four or five " lean no’s . "
That 's a difficult dynamic for any party at any time , but the election results and unemployment rates that just eclipsed 10 percent do n't help .
So Democrats are bringing in their closer – Obama – at 11:30 a.m.
Saturday to try to push the undecideds into the yes column .
House leaders are hoping few rank - and - file House members have the conviction to say " no " to their party ’s president .
And Obama ’s morning visit makes it likely that the vote will come today because Democratic leaders would n’t bring in the president , unless they were ready to vote and felt confident they could win passage .
It would be an embarrassment to the president if House members defied him after such a personal appeal .
House leaders decided on about six hours of debate , meaning a vote could come as early as 6 p.m. .
But a variety of other votes are expected to be scheduled – so the House whips can do their nose - counting – and that could push a vote into well into the night .
Pelosi and other House leaders appeared confident of a Saturday vote – but had some nervous moments on Friday as a steady stream of members declared themselves firm “ no’s . ”
Among the 23 “ nos , ” all but three are from members who represent districts won by John McCain .
Of the three no votes from districts that Barack Obama carried , two of them are from districts that Obama narrowly carried with 52 percent - - and both were Republican - held districts that just flipped to Dems in 2008 .
Then there is Artur Davis of Alabama , who is from a 74 percent Obama district .
But he is running statewide for governor in a McCain state .
But if the House passes health reform Saturday night , it will be the deal on abortion language that will have been the final impetus .
Leaders reluctantly made the decision after working for days to broker a truce that would garner a blessing from the Conference of Catholic Bishops .
But the church , according to members and aides , would n't accept a compromise crafted by Indiana Rep .
Brad Ellsworth that would have established a body to make sure private insurance companies do n't use federal funds to pay for abortions .
In the end , the Rules Committee decided to give Michigan Rep. Bart Stupak a floor vote on his amendment to prohibit private insurers from using federal funds to pay for abortion or allowing companies that participate in the exchange from offering coverage through those plans .
Given the strength of the anti-abortion vote in the House , the amendment should pass when it comes to the floor and will therefore become part of the broader bill .
Liberals fought hard to prevent Stupak from adding this language , and members of the Rules Committee expressed an obvious unease with the move during debate late Friday night .
Chris Frates and Jonathan Allen contributed to this story .
From Ronnie Simpson and Alex Ferguson to Malky Mackay and Simon Donnelly , Queen ’s Park have always been renowned for grooming players for the big time , but from a Portakabin in the south side of Glasgow the famous old club are currently hatching a plan to take their already extensive youth development programme to the next level .
The Spiders already have no fewer than 30 coaches -- all of them unpaid volunteers , who do n’t even receive expenses -- and approximately 160 players from Under - 12 to Under - 19 level in the system .
The facilities at the club ’s disposal include the state - of - the - art surroundings at Lesser Hampden , the SFA ’s recently opened indoor training centre at nearby Toryglen and the national stadium itself .
They receive funding from SFA grants , generate revenue through their own extensive community programme , benefit from the privately funded Glasgow Schools programme , and this January will take their under - 19s to a winter training camp in Portugal courtesy of cultural exchange scheme with the Leonardo Da Vinci foundation .
Next up , assuming everything goes to plan , will be the addition of an under - 11 side this summer , an expansion to three training sessions per team per week , and coveted SFA ‘ performance club ’ status .
Last season , the only non-SPL club permitted to play at such an exalted level were Stenhousemuir .
Seated in a busy office -- and watched by a genuine spider , a tarantula called Sydney -- the two people directly responsible for administering this scheme , head of youth George Watson and club secretary Christine Wright , are outlining the unique combination of perks and pitfalls of running pro youth when you are only an amateur club .
Not least because -- as all the club ’s players , young and old , all sign one - year amateur deals -- it is rather problematic to measure the merits of their system in conventional terms such as the transfer values of the players they produce .
“ The amateur side of the club is hugely important , ” says Wright .
“ It is not only the players who do n’t get paid .
The coaches give their time freely , for the love of the game .
We lose out a wee bit , because if players leave here , we do n’t get transfer fees .
“ So that is a bit of a drawback we have in comparison to other clubs .
But one of the big draws of kids coming out of here is that it is central in Glasgow , but it is totally non-sectarian .
“ We are neither Rangers nor Celtic but we are a Glasgow club and we heavily promote that . ”
If the standard bearers of the post - Billy Stark era are Queen of the South striker David Weatherson , Motherwell centre - half Steven Saunders and Partick Thistle ’s Paul Paton and Paul Cairney , Paul Ronald and Frankie Carroll are two current members of the first - team squad who are actively involved in helping future generations .
“ The people we have at this club are second to none , ” says Watson .
“ A lot of them are ex-players , they have bought into the ethos , and they are just putting something back . ”
With the club ’s community outreach work taking them to Hutchesons ’ Grammar School and Williamwood High School , Watson feels the young players in the system are the best he has seen at any point in his eight years at the club , and also feels the club are also starting to make inroads into the local Asian community .
“ Parents are n’t daft , ” Watson said .
“ They are pretty good at finding out what is best for their kids , and we are just pleased that so many send their kids here . ”
Having formerly been caretaker manager at Aberdeen , Gardner Speirs knows all about the work getting done at SPL level .
He feels Queen ’s Park “ stand comparison ” with that level .
Players have more chance of making it to the first team , and the experience of playing at Hampden every second week helps develop them for the big time .
“ It is a wonderful stadium and to play there every second week is fantastic , ” said the Queen ’s manager .
“ There is also the facility at Lesser Hampden -- it is great to know your training and matches are on every time .
I know first - hand that clubs at SPL level are doing wonderful work , but we are extremely proud of what we do and I think if you measure the success of a youth policy in providing players for the first team , then we stand comparison with most .
“ It could be argued we ’re developing players for the third division , but I think the fact so many of our players have moved up the leagues suggests we are moving in the right direction . ”
Things might not have gone exactly to plan for the Queen ’s first team this season .
But there is nothing amateurish about their youth set -up .
Remember when Wolverine 's son Daken ripped Punisher to shreds a little while back ?
Well , the first part of Marvel 's " Frankencastle " storyline , out this week , unveils Punisher 's grisly new look .
And while it is sure to alienate fans who like their Punisher straight up , we have to admit to being intrigued .
Besides the pairing of Rick Remender and with his " Fear Agent " partner Tony Moore , the idea of Punisher being rebuilt as some sort of gun-toting Frankenstein monster is more than a little awesome .
" Frankencastle " is also catnip for those of us who get a kick out of seeing Punisher in ridiculous situations .
There 's just something about the character 's steadfast seriousness that makes his detours into the absurd all the more ridiculous .
And be it comics , toys , or video games , Punisher has had more than his share of wacky moments .
That Time Punisher Was Black ( " The Punisher " # 60 - 62 , 1992 )
Mike Baron 's early ' 90s " Punisher " run occasionally leaned towards the extremely preachy ( there 's a " Punisher Vs. a flag - burner " issue that 's particularly heavy - handed ) , and his swan song was the storyline that teamed Luke Cage with , uh , black Punisher .
See , Jigsaw messed up Punisher 's face really bad during the " Final Days " arc , so he 's forced to seek the assistance of a former plastic surgeon turned junkie prostitute , as one does in these types of situations .
So he wakes up after going under the knife ... and he 's a black guy .
( It has something to do with the junkie doc using melanin to repair his skin or some such nonsense . )
So Punisher teams with Luke Cage - - who had segued out of his ' 70s jive - talking days into a short - lived New Jack Swing phase -- to fight drug dealers because that was very important during the early '90s and what else were they going to do ?
The three - issue arc ( the final part of which is unfortunately titled " Fade to White " ) was cowritten by Marc McLaurin , who penned the '90s Luke Cage book and , uh , not much else .
And , yes , Punisher gets pulled over by the cops within a day of being black .
That Time Fred Hembeck Made Punisher Go On a Picnic With Captain America , Daredevil and Nick Fury ( Marvel Age # 101 , 1991 )
While Punisher is clearly enjoying that melting ice cream cone , it 's important to note that his machine gun is mere inches away , indicating that at any moment , s!&t could get very , very real .
That Time Punisher Made a PSA ( " Marvel Year in Review , " 1991 )
Marvel 's " Year in Review " specials featured often hilarious parody ads , like this gem with Punisher playing judge , jury and executioner for gin-soaked barflies .
One can only imagine the look on the poor boozehound 's face when he looks up from his tequila to see Punisher 's AK staring back at him .
( I 'm assuming Punisher murdered the usual bartender for watering down the drinks . )
Also , that " Two Cokes for a Buck " designated driver special is a pretty great deal , even by recession - plagued early '90s standards .
That Time Punisher Met Archie ( " Archie Meets Punisher , " 1994 )
1994 's " Punisher Meets Archie " is that rare company crossover that appeals to fans of both teen romance and casual murder .
Legendary Marvel artist John Buscema handled the Punisher , while " Archie " regular Stan Golberg drew the Riverdale gang .
The special ( a co-production between Marvel and Archie , and an early example of the variant cover fad ) finds Punisher mistaking Archie for a drug dealer named " Red " ( an honest mistake considering the vast amount of drug dealers he 's dispatched over the years ) , getting in a fight with Moose , and , naturally , teaming up with the Riverdale gang to save the day .
Honestly one of the best crossovers of all time .
That Time Punisher Was A Comic Strip Character Who Could n't Kill Anyone ( " Amazing Spider - Man " Comic Strip , 2004 )
The " Amazing Spider - Man " newspaper strip has gotten increasingly desperate in recent years , forcing Wolverine to show up sporting a full beard ( the colorist just could n't get their head around the concept of mutton chops ) and bringing in Punisher , only to have him shoot out a couple tires and growl a lot .
Apparently giving criminals what they deserve entails property damage and a lecture from Spider - Man .
That Time Punisher Became A ( Literal ) Avenging Angel ( " Punisher : Purgatory " , 1998 )
Punisher was at a low point when the Marvel Knights line kicked off in ' 98 , which allowed Tom Sniegoski and " Hellboy " author Christopher Golden to bring him back from the dead as a sort of John Constantine meets
The Spectre angel of death .
Even horror legend Bernie Wrightson 's artwork could n't make Angel Punisher and his weird spiky guns not look completely silly and dated .
This incarnation showed up in one more mini ( the Pat Lee- drawn " Wolverine / Punisher : Revelation " ) before Garth Ennis and Steve Dillon made it safe to be a Punisher fan again with " Welcome Back , Frank . "
The Time Spidey Told Him There Was Trouble At the Mall ( " Punisher : Ultimate Payback " for Game Boy , 1991 )
1993 's " Punisher The Arcade Game " -- which featured Punisher and Nick Fury beating up bad guys " Double Dragon " style -- is arguably the best Punisher game of all time .
But 1991 's " Punisher : Ultimate Payback " for Game Boy is not his finest moment .
First off , it 's a " Hogan 's Alley " style light gun game without a light gun .
Secondly , Punisher basically takes orders from Spider - Man ( who swoops in and rescues the hostages after you kill the bad guys ) the entire game .
That Time Punisher Was a Female Manga Character ( Marvel Mangaverse : Punisher , 2002 )
For Peter David and Lea Hernandez 's " Marvel Mangaverse : Punisher , " everyone 's favorite gun-toting vigilante was transformed into a whip - wielding geisha with a penchant for using tickle torture on Tokyo crime bosses .
Sosumi Brown spends her days as a girl 's school principal and her nights spanking criminals as " Toyko 's kinkiest superhero " and -- dear God , could this comic be any more riddled with manga cliches ?
That Time The Greatest Thing Ever Happened ( " Action Figure News and Toy Review , " 1992 )
What 's that ?
You do n't remember the time Punisher teamed up with Robocop and Terminator and blew your fragile little mind ?
Sadly , this is just an amazing Mike Zeck cover from a 1992 issue of " Action Figure News and Toy Review , " and not a lost issue of the greatest comic book ever produced .
One can only imagine the body count this trio would amass .
And also the awesome fight that would ensue when they inevitably turn on each other .
Using an app to tweet about sexting ?
One university wants you to watch your language .
Lake Superior State University , though no doubt a fine institution of higher learning , does n't have big name recognition .
But it does have one annual PR stunt created by the school 's public relations director back in 1975 : a " word banishment " list for the year that just ended .
The list 's full name , " List of Words Banished from the Queen 's English for Mis-use , Over-use and General Uselessness , " pretty much sums up its function .
For 2010 , four tech terms made the cut .
Tweeting twits and the tweeters who < 3 them
" Tweet " earned itself a banhammer , along with all of its variations ( up to and including " tweetaholic , retweet , twitterhea , twitterature , [ and ] twittersphere " ) .
" I do n't know a single non-celebrity who actually uses it , " said Alex Thompson of Sault St. Marie , Michigan , which just goes to show you that Alex Thompson does not work in the Ars Orbiting HQ , where my curmudgeonly ears are assaulted daily with all sorts of tweet - related terminology .
Like many of life 's little annoyances , this one comes mainly from our Younger Staffers , the ones into " social media " and " having friends . "
Ars Editor - in - chief Ken Fisher is a devoted tweetaholic , but even he has a limit , and that limit is " twebinar . "
" It 's the most evil word because it 's a bastardization twice removed , " he complains .
First came the hideous " webinar " ( web + seminar ) , but the second stage " twebinar " ( tweet + webinar ) is a bridge too far .
There 's an app for that ?
" App " also made the list .
Some of the submitters seemed angered by the presence of another abbreviation in their lives , while others argued that we have plenty of other words ( such as " program " ) for the same concept .
" Must we b sbjct to yt another abrv ? " wrote one , who gives me a real run for the money on the Curmudgeon - o - meter .
" Why does the English language have to fit on a two - inch screen ?
I hate the sound of it .
I think I 'll listen to a symph on the rad . "
Me too !
Now , where is my rad ?
Sexting
Like a peanut butter cup , this one combines two of life 's great pleasures : texting and sex .
( Our Younger Staffers tell me that texting is a great pleasure , anyway ; I have little use for it .
Conjures up a vaguely unpleasant sense that I am " tweeting . " )
" Any dangerous new trend that also happens to have a clever mash - up of words , involves teens , and gets television talk show hosts interested must be banished , " complained Ishmael Daro from Saskatoon , Canada .
I guess that means " getting a handroid " ( do n't ask ) is out , too .
" Friend " as a verb
Friends are nouns , they have always been nouns , and they will always be nouns .
Verbing your friends is an abomination .
Just ask Kevin K. from Morris , Oklahoma .
" ' Befriend ' is much more pleasant to the human ear and a perfectly useful word in the dictionary , " he says .
Facebook , we 're calling you out for destroying the Queen 's English , and we await the " befriending " overhaul of the entire site .
Let 's get on that , stat .
Of course , if non-mellifluous words are right out , we 're going to lose a lot more than just friend - as - a- verb .
" Chillaxin " would also have to be cut ... and it was , making the Lake Superior State list this time for " its ability to exhort the opposite reaction from the receiver . "
Non -tech words on the list included " bromance , " " too big to fail , " " toxic assets , " " teachable moment , " " czar , " " shovel - ready , " and any " Obama " portmanteaus like " Obamalicious . "
What 's on your own personal gripe list ?
By Roger Harrabin
Environment analyst , BBC News , Copenhagen
George Soros says the proposal only needs political support to succeed Billionaire investor George Soros has unveiled a proposal to provide up to $ 150bn of cash for poor countries to get clean technology .
He says it will help developing nations halt deforestation , adapt to climate change and have low - carbon energy .
Underpinned by gold reserves , the plan would more than double the amount of money on the negotiating table from rich countries to poor nations .
Mr Soros presented the proposal at the UN climate summit in Copenhagen .
He said his plan received a sympathetic hearing from key Western governments , but warned it would need a great act of political will to overcome obstacles .
" This overcomes part of the problems of financing , " he observed .
" It could be very important because climate change is a very real and existential problem for the world . "
Responding to Mr Soros 's proposals , an IMF spokeswoman said : " It is up to each country to determine how to use its SDR allocation , including possibly by directing the funds toward emissions - reducing projects in poor countries . "
Politicians cannot be distracted by the stolen emails row , Mr Soros says
E-mail row ' to affect Copenhagen ' ClimateGate : ' Show your working ' Commenting on the " ClimateGate " scandal , in which emails and documents were stolen from a UK climate research centre 's computers , Mr Soros told BBC News that politicians should ignore the fallout and focus their attention on tackling climate change because the risks were so huge .
" If the choice is between cooking alive and wasting money unnecessarily I would rather waste some money , because long before we cook we are going to kill each other if we do n't deal with climate change , " he said .
" So the risk is that we wo n't do enough because there are all kinds of delays that are already built into the system so we become aware of the danger too late . "
' Paper gold '
Mr Soros 's climate financial plan proposes to tap into the hidden vast reserves of cash that lie ready to keep rich nations ' economies afloat in time of crisis .
Poor nations want rich countries to provide more financial help
Emissions ' higher than reported ' ' Ten years remain ' to cut carbon
The cash is in the notional form of Special Drawing Rights ( SDRs ) , also known as " paper gold " , issued by the IMF .
SDRs do not incur interest unless the money is released into circulation , and Mr Soros says the rich countries did not even use it at the every depths of the recent financial crisis .
He proposed that the rich countries hand their $ 150bn ( £ 92bn ) of SDRs to poor countries for immediate use to combat climate change .
As soon as the cash is released , it will incur interest from the IMF - currently at around 0.5 % .
But this should be paid by the IMF gold reserve , which is currently worth more than $ 100bn .
This would mean developing countries were not saddled by debt payments , he explained .
Soros 's proposal shows exactly the kind of ambition and urgency we need to see from rich country governments themselves
Robert Bailey ,
Oxfam International
He envisages that developing countries could make money from their low - carbon investments from the SDR fund by selling carbon credits on the carbon markets .
The gold could also guarantee loan repayments for climate projects if the carbon markets failed to take off as envisaged .
" All that is lacking is the political will to fight global warming by using SDRs , " he said .
The US government was supportive in principle , he claimed , but was reluctant to pursue the proposal because it would require approval in the Senate .
But even without US support , other rich countries could go ahead and provide $ 100bn of funding .
The current proposed funding under debate in Copenhagen is $ 10 bn ( £ 6 bn ) a year for three years .
There is no long - term funding on the table so far , because rich countries do not see a way of contributing more from their current balance sheets .
" The beauty of this is that it is off - balance sheet , " Mr Soros said .
" This is a win -win for developed and developing countries . "
CLIMATE CHANGE GLOSSARY
Glossary in full Mr Soros said that nations might say the scheme could not be done , but added that France and the UK recently used the SDRs to give $ 2bn to the poorest countries .
The plan was generally welcomed by environmental groups .
" We need the money , " a Greenpeace spokesman said .
Oxfam International 's senior climate adviser Robert Bailey said : " Finally someone is showing the kind of innovative thinking needed to make this deal worth its salt .
" Soros 's proposal shows exactly the kind of ambition and urgency we need to see from rich country governments themselves . "
But Friends of the Earth was much more cautious , partly because it feared that the Soros scheme might take pressure off rich nations and partly because it involved carbon markets , which it described as a " scam " .
Do you have a question for world leaders at Copenhagen ?
What would you ask them if you were at the summit ?
Send it to us .
The best questions we receive will be answered by a panel of world leaders in a special televised debate .
Send your video questions to yourpics@bbc.co.uk , text them to 61124 or if you have a large file you can upload here .
Read the terms and conditions Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If all the roads in Ireland were to converge at a final destination , you would probably find yourself in Ballycotton , Co Cork .
A tiny village on a rocky headland , it is as removed and cosy as its name suggests .
Its harbour is stocked with a colourful fishing fleet and traditional music seeps from the pubs on Main Street .
Despite an annual running marathon that passes through the town , it is slow - paced , sleepy , and cocooned from the outside world .
But although 200 - ft cliffs keep the Atlantic at bay and an offshore lighthouse looks out for danger , nothing could protect Ballycotton from nature 's cruellest force : Hollywood .
Back in 1995 , Johnny Depp , Debra Winger , and Marlon Brando rolled into town to make a film called Divine Rapture .
Ballycotton looked set to become an Irish landmark in the manner of Cong in County Mayo , which hosted John Wayne 's The Quiet Man , or Dingle in Kerry , where David Lean filmed Ryan 's Daughter .
But there are no mementos or tourist memorabilia in Ballycotton because Divine Rapture was never completed : the production packed up and left with only two weeks of film in the can .
Fourteen years later , Divine Rapture is still the elephant in the room .
" It 's not really talked about at all , " says Paddy Egan , as he drives a minibus through the winding roads of Cork .
" I 'd say some people would n't talk about it because of the amount of money they lost – they'd be embarrassed .
People in town were badly stung .
I was lucky , but some were put out of business . "
Egan , who provided transport for the film , moved his coach - hire business to another town after the production collapsed , and says he lost around £ 6,600 in bounced cheques .
Everyone from local police to caterers to fishermen were unpaid and the village hotel , the Bayview , is reportedly owed tens of thousands .
But the memory of this cinematic fiasco is not only raw for Ballycotton 's residents .
" Time goes on , " says Winger , veteran of films including An Officer and a Gentleman .
" The stories that you remember for whatever reason are often the ones like this – the traumatic ones .
It was a life lesson , that 's the best way to put it . "
Divine Rapture was to tell the story of Mary ( Winger ) , a machinist in a remote village , who dies only to rise from her coffin during the funeral .
The woman is heralded as a saint , although it turns out she has a rare disorder that slows the heart - rate .
Written by American production designer Glenda Ganis , the story had a mischievous twinkle that recalled Ealing comedies , and it caught the attention of fledgling producer Barry Navidi .
After reading the screenplay in 1989 , he spent the next six years trying to get the film into production .
Navidi's work bore fruit when the script found Brando .
The Godfather actor wanted to play a priest in the story , although this was only part of his motivation .
It was also an opportunity to become an Irish citizen – the Irish , he told people in Ballycotton , reminded him of Native Americans .
Brando may not have been the full shilling , but he still had clout : he phoned Depp , his co-star in his previous film , 1994's Don Juan DeMarco , and Winger .
Both signed up , along with John Hurt .
Suddenly , Navidi had a cast , but investors were still wary , even though he budgeted the film at a modest $ 12 m .
" We had a project that was n't arthouse but was a foreign movie , " says Navidi .
" The American market did n't understand the location but it was a small picture , a Full Monty or a Waking Ned .
Here we had a small project , a small story , but with big stars . "
Eventually , he found sympathetic ears in CineFin , a Los Angeles - based company that claimed to have $ 300 m credit with Orion Pictures .
Navidi checked the company 's background and found a clean bill of health .
He did not know then , however , that two CineFin associates had been in trouble with US federal authorities over alleged banking improprieties .
As Divine Rapture finally became a reality , so its downfall was already being written .
For the residents of Ballycotton , the circus had arrived .
In the summer of 1995 , five or six weeks before production started , props vans and trucks , catering marquee and set designers moved in , and began transforming the village into a 1950s locale .
" Everyone was happy .
It was a great buzz for the village , " recalls Egan .
Amongst the early arrivals was director Thom Eberhardt , who had made low budget indie films before being lured by Hollywood schlock like Captain Ron .
" I did n't come to Divine Rapture on the upswing , that 's for sure , " he says now .
The director had heard about Brando 's reputation as a handful and vowed to stand his ground , but the actor did not arrive until the night before shooting began .
After settling into his rented Georgian mansion , Brando phoned Eberhardt asking if they could meet at 11 pm .
" I said , ' No , Marlon , I 'm too tired .
I 've been rehearsing all day . '
Then he said , ' I 'm going to shave my hair off and wear an orange wig ' .
Panic set in : ' Get me a car ! '
As I pulled in , the hair and make - up people were leaving .
This guy comes down the stairs looking like a dick with ears .
Bald as a buzzard .
Barry and his partners were in Ballycotton celebrating because , at long last , their movie was going to start shooting .
I stumbled in and must have been white as a sheet because they asked me if I was sick .
I said , ' We have to talk about Marlon Brando . '
I thought I could handle this guy , but after one meeting , I was n't so sure . "
Depp , on the other hand , was a more relaxed proposition .
He played a journalist sent to investigate Mary 's so - called miracle , and spent his time strumming a guitar in his Winnebago or chatting to everyone from locals to stray dogs .
Unsurprisingly , a mob of teenage girls arrived in Ballycotton seeking a glimpse of the heartthrob .
Depp and Brando had an interesting relationship , according to Winger .
" They were definitely having a relationship that sometimes flowed over into the time in front of the camera , " she says .
" Johnny really looked up to Marlon and Marlon , of course , loved having an acolyte .
I got the impression that the main reason Johnny had come was to work with Brando . "
Everything seemed to be going well , despite the growing factions , but behind the scenes , panic had set in .
CineFin had yet to send any money , forcing the production to proceed on good faith , and two weeks into filming , the bottom fell out .
Winger 's agent went to collect her fee from Cine Fin 's escrow deposit company in Los Angeles , only to discover a parking lot at the given address .
" I felt like I was pushed out of a plane without a parachute , " says Navidi .
" This must be a nightmare .
We all know it 's hard to make movies , but I can't believe this .
It meant I could n't rescue the picture .
Movies run out of money all the time , it 's nothing new – but when something like that happens everybody gets scared and they realise there must be a skeleton in the closet .
We had no choice but to abandon production . "
Winger was devastated .
Eberhardt recalls meeting the actress in an American Express office in the city of Cork , some 25 miles from Ballycotton , where she was withdrawing her own money to hand out to the villagers who had looked after her children .
" I looked around at these people I had gotten to know , " says Winger .
" We used someone 's fishing boat every day .
You do n't do this to people .
I could n't stand the thought that this is what showbusiness does .
It was devastating for them – not only had we not paid them for the rental of the houses and fishing boats , but they had n't made the money they would have made catching the fish . "
Despite Winger 's altruism , the only person involved in the film to get paid was Brando , who disappeared ( without Irish citizenship ) , as soon as he sniffed trouble .
Brando may have been eccentric , but he was not stupid ; he had secured $ 1 m of his $ 4 m fee in advance .
The villagers , however , were not so lucky .
They had been promised an investment of around $ 4 m , but found themselves bankrupted by the labyrinthine ways of Hollywood .
Despite talk of lawsuits , no one was ever held accountable for the debacle .
" I can't believe it really .
It was n't some fly - by - night production , it had big equipment , it was a regular movie , " says Winger .
" If I had been living there , and I had been treated like that , I would never get involved in another Hollywood production . "
Indeed , the film - makers could move on , but Ballycotton was left with a lingering sense of failure and a sense of what could have been .
Fourteen years later , the story is still a sore point .
" If the film was finished , it would have been a major success story for the village for years and years , " says Paddy Egan .
" The opposite was the case .
I suppose that is why we call it Divine Rupture . "
UPDATE : pm December 12 2009 – I was asked to clarify the importance of this post .
The reason that it is important to document the link of ERA - 40 to the warm bias in CRU ( and thus NCDC and GISS data sets ) is that the ERA - 40 paper is used to make claims about global and regional warming ( with the inference that this is an independent assessment from the surface temperature data trends ) .
However , the e-mails from Phil Jones show that the surface and ERA - 40 analyses are intimately linked .
An example of a paper that uses the ERA - 40 , with its warm surface temperature bias , is
Schar et al , 2004 , The role of increasing temperature variability in European summer heatwaves .
Received 15 September ; Letter to Nature ; accepted 17 December 2003 ; doi:10.1038/nature02300 .
Published online 11 January 2004 .
The climate science community needs to recognize that the assessment of global warming using the magnitude of the long term trends in surface air temperatures from the CRU , NCDC and GISS analyses , and from ERA - 40 , overstate the magnitude of this warming .
ORIGINAL POST
There is a remarkable admission in the leaked e-mails from Phil Jones of the dependence of the long term surface temperatures trends in the ERA - 40 reanalysis on the surface temperature data from CRU .
This is a very important issue as ERA - 40 is used as one metric to assess multi-decadal global surface temperature trends , and has been claimed as an independent assessment tool from the surface temperature data .
The report ECMWF Newsletter No. 115 – Spring 2008 overviews the role of ERA - 40 in climate change studies .
The paper by Eugenia ( Kalnay ) that is presumably being referred to in the Phil Jones e-mails , which I have presented later in this post , is
Kalnay , E. , and M. Cai , 2003 : Impact of urbanization and land - use on climate change .
Nature , 423 , 528-531 .
There are a number of subsequent papers that have built on the ‘observation minus reanalysis ’ ( OMR ) method analysis methodology introduced by Eugenia including
Kalnay , E. , M. Cai , H. Li , and J. Tobin , 2006 : Estimation of the impact of land - surface forcings on temperature trends in eastern Unites States .
J. Geophys .
Res. , 111 , D06106 , doi:10.1029/2005JD006555 .
Lim , Y.-K. , M. Cai , E. Kalnay , and L. Zhou , 2005 : Observational
evidence of sensitivity of surface climate changes to land types and urbanization .
Geophys .
Res. Lett. , 32 , L22712 , doi:10.1029/2005GL024267 .
Nuñez , Mario N. , H. H. Ciapessoni , A. Rolla , E. Kalnay , and M. Cai , 2008 : Impact of land use and precipitation changes on surface temperature trends in Argentina .
J. Geophys .
Res. – Atmos. , 113 , D06111 , doi:10.1029/2007JD008638 , March 29 , 2008
Fall , S. , D. Niyogi , A. Gluhovsky , R. A. Pielke Sr. , E. Kalnay , and G. Rochon , 2009 : Impacts of land use land cover on temperature trends over the continental United States : Assessment using the North American Regional Reanalysis .
Int. J. Climatol. , DOI : 10.1002/joc.1996 .
Following is the July 8 2004 e-mail from Phil Jones .
I have made bold font the text that specifically refers to the conenction between the ERA - 40 reanalysis and the CRU data .
From : Phil Jones < p.jones@xxxxxxxxx.xxx >
To : “ Michael E. Mann ” < mann@xxxxxxxxx.xxx >
Subject : HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL
Date : Thu Jul 8 16:30:16 2004
Mike ,
Only have it in the pdf form .
FYI ONLY – do n’t pass on .
Relevant paras are the last 2 in section 4 on p13 .
As I said it is worded carefully due to Adrian knowing Eugenia for years .
He knows the ’re wrong , but he succumbed to her almost pleading with him to tone it down as it might affect her proposals in the future !
I did n’t say any of this , so be careful how you use it – if at all .
Keep quiet also that you have the pdf .
The attachment is a very good paper – I ’ve been pushing Adrian over the last weeks to get it submitted to JGR or J. Climate .
The main results are great for CRU and also for ERA - 40 .
The basic message is clear – you have to put enough surface and sonde obs into a model to produce Reanalyses .
The jumps when the data input change stand out so clearly .
NCEP does many odd things also around sea ice and over snow and ice .
The other paper by MM is just garbage – as you knew .
De Freitas again .
Pielke is also losing all credibility as well by replying to the mad Finn as well – frequently as I see it .
I ca n’t see either of these papers being in the next IPCC report .
Kevin and I will keep them out somehow – even if we have to redefine what the peer - review literature is !
Cheers
Phil
Mike ,
For your interest , there is an ECMWF ERA - 40 Report coming out soon , which shows that Kalnay and Cai are wrong .
It is n’t that strongly worded as the first author is a personal friend of Eugenia .
The result is rather hidden in the middle of the report .
It is n’t peer review , but a slimmed down version will go to a journal .
KC are wrong because the difference between NCEP and real surface temps ( CRU ) over eastern N. America does n’t happen with ERA - 40 .
ERA - 40 assimilates surface temps ( which NCEP did n’t ) and doing this makes the agreement with CRU better .
Also ERA - 40 ’s trends in the lower atmosphere are all physically consistent where NCEP ’s are not – over eastern US .
I can send if you want , but it wo n’t be out as a report for a couple of months .
Cheers
Phil
Prof. Phil Jones
Climatic Research Unit Telephone +44 ( 0 ) 1603 592090
School of Environmental Sciences Fax +44 ( 0 ) 1603 507784
University of East Anglia
Norwich Email p.jones@xxxxxxxxx.xxx
NR4 7TJ
UK
The claim that “ ERA - 40 assimilates surface temps ( which NCEP did n’t ) and doing this makes the agreement with CRU better ” is a circular argument as the CRU data ( or its close proxy ) is what ERA - 40 assimilates , so of course it is better !
The claim that “ [ a ] lso ERA - 40 ’s trends in the lower atmosphere are all physically consistent where NCEP ’s are not – over eastern US ” must just mean that the ERA - 40 agrees better with the IPCC model predictions .
To use a model prediction to test a reanalysis trend product is , of course , a violation of the scientific process .
The e-mails from CRU documents sloppy science .
Since the ERA - 4o data is a major climate assessment tool , the introduction of surface temperature data with a warm bias ( e.g. see , see and see ) means that ERA - 40 necessarily also has a warm bias in the diagnosis of the magnitude of global warming .
Arcuz : Arcuz is an Action Role Play Game ( Like Zelda or Diablo ) .
You fight with the monsters , train your hero , learn skills , search better weapons and equipments , compose new items using your creativity ... and more !
Do n't be addicted !
You got 18 different maps to discover , 25 quests to accomplish , 21 battle skills to learn , more than 10 types of monsters to kill , more than 100 weapons and gears to choose , and unlimited possibility of compositionâ€ ¦Those are not all .
We translated this game into 7 languages so half of the whole world can enjoy it !
Hope Arcuz will bring you a lot of fun !
www.dailyfinance.com --
But the details of this plan leave plenty of room for game - playing .
After all , Goldman claims to have 31,700 employees , but they 've increased that number this year by including 3,000 part - timers and consultants , so the bonus - per - employee calculation -- which would be $ 717,000 ( dividing $ 22.7 billion by 31,700 ) will only be 8 % higher than the $ 661,490 per employee record Goldman set in 2007 , according to Bloomberg .
Take out those 3,000 , and Goldman 's 2009 pay averages 20 % higher than in 2007 .
But wait , there 's more .
By paying its top 30 people in stock , the other 31,670 can get cash -- so the move wo n't have any effect on recruiting " talent . "
And then there 's the benefit of the deal on Goldman 's financial reporting .
The compensation expense for those stock bonuses does n't begin to get reported until the shares vest in 2010 .
This means that Goldman 's 2009 compensation expense will appear to be lower and its apparent profit will be higher .
Police have been accused of " cowboyish and outrageous " behaviour for shooting a steer that ran out of control in Christchurch .
Police say they had to shoot the steer as it was out of control and a danger to the public , but one witness criticised the police actions .
The brown steer ran amok after escaping from a trailer on Suva St near the intersection with Hansons Lane , in Riccarton , about 5 pm yesterday .
It crashed through a fence and dented a police patrol car before it was herded onto the Riccarton High School sports grounds .
Police made the decision to shoot the animal about 5.40 pm as they believed it could endanger people during rush hour .
One witness , who wished to remain anonymous , said police mishandled the situation .
" It was pretty outrageous .
They decided that they could not contain the animal .
" The poor bugger was beside itself with fear .
" You have to shoot a cattle beast between the eyes really .
After about five shots they killed the bugger .
They had no idea .
They were urban policemen with no idea about rural stock .
They needed to let him calm down .
It was cowboyish and outrageous . "
It is understood the steer had just been bought and was being taken from the saleyards to a lifestyle block .
Acting sergeant Gordi Meyer said the animal was a danger to the public and could not be calmed .
" There was no chance of getting it on a trailer and it was coming up to rush hour , so we did not want it back on the road .
We made the decision to shoot it so it could not do any more damage or run into cars and people .
It was a safety decision we made at the time , " he said
One of the major success of PHP is how easily you can deploy PHP applications .
Thanks mod_php for that .
Python or Ruby requires quite more work even though it ’s not that painful if your using something like Passenger with Ruby .
I ’m still looking for a way that I find brilliant .
So I played with Paste , Spawning and setuptools to build a very minimalist WSGI application you deploy without any pain using Fabric .
Before we start , you can find the code bellow on GitHub .
First the setup.py file that describe our application :
from setuptools import setup , find_packages setup( name = " app " , version = " 0.1 " , description = " example application " , long_description= " " , keywords= " " , author= " Yoan Blanc " , author_email= " yoan.at.dosimple.ch " , url = " http://yoan.dosimple.ch/blog/ " , license= ’ All rights reserved ’ , packages=find_packages ( ) , zip_safe= False , install_requires= [ ] , entry_points={" paste.app_factory " : [ " main=app:make_app " ] } , )
It ’s all standard except the entry point called paste.
app_factory that will be used by Paste to create the WSGI application .
For the Djangoist here , Paster acts like your manage .py .
Make the WSGI application itself , into app/__init__.py :
def application ( environ , start_response ) : start_response( " 200 OK " , [ ( " Content - Type " , " text / html " ) ] ) return [ " < h1 > Hello World ! </h1 > " ]
And the factory ( called make_app inside setup.py ) is required as well in the same file .
def make_app ( global_conf , ** app_conf ) : return application
Now , you might be wondering how this make_app is called .
Paste works with ini files that decribe your configuration , from the app your using to the database , the server , logs , and so on .
It ’s very handy to replicate the same kind of environment you find when working with Ruby on Rails by having different ini files for each .
So there is the app.ini :
[ app :main ] use = egg : app [ server : main ] use = egg : Spawning host = 127.0.0.1 port = 8000 num_processes = 1 threadpool_workers = 1
The first section describes the application to use .
It ’s the egg that setuptools will create and install .
That ’s right , your application is exactily like any other python package .
It means dependencies resolution , updates , … And the second part describe which server paster will have to use to run it .
Spawning is a very efficient server that handles graceful code reloading .
Pure happiness .
Before you can run it using :
$ paster serve app.ini
You ’ll have to install it .
# python setup.py develop
develop means it symlinks the package to your directory and you wo n’t have to reinstall it later to take into account the changes made .
It should run just perfectly .
Now let ’s worry about deploying it somewhere else .
Local web applications are nice but sharing them is cool too .
This is the fabfile.py , Fabric is more or less like Capistrano ( Ruby ) :
from __future__ import with_statement from fabric.api import env , run , put , local , cd env.hosts = [ " localhost " ] env.path = " ~ /www / app " def build_egg ( ) : local ( " python setup.py bdist_egg " ) def cleanup ( ) : local ( " rm - rf build " ) local ( " rm - rf dist " ) def start ( ) : with cd(env.path ) : run(" PYTHONPATH=app.egg paster serve app.ini " " -- daemon --pid-file=app.pid " ) def stop ( ) : with cd(env.path ) : run ( " paster serve -- stop - daemon " " -- pid-file=app.pid " ) def deploy ( ) : build_egg ( ) put ( " app.ini " , env.path ) put (" dist/*.egg " , env.path + " / app.egg " ) cleanup ( )
A pythonic Makefile , more or less that has special power to deal with deployment .
This how you can use it .
$ fab deploy $ fab start
It created a .egg , uploaded it to the destination and started the Spawning server using Paster .
It will run on the port 8080 , to see it on the port 80 I ’d use something like Nginx as a proxy .
But it ’s a different story ( and very simple by the way ) .
After you made some changes simple run :
$ fab deploy
to see them live .
$ fab stop
Will stop the server .
How awesome is that ?
There is a lot more that can be done regarding how you ’re playing with the eggs .
Using virtualenv to keep multiple , sane environments and maybe your own cheeseshop where all your eggs can live ( see Ask ’s Chishop )
I ’m very fresh on that field but am very happy seeing that such good tools exist .
Please share your experience , I ’m looking forward knowing what kind of process is used in the real word out there to .
Enter a youtube url or search term :
Or try TubeDubber to dub any soundtrack
New York and L.A. Film Critics make their choices
The two most noted critics groups both gave their awards today and the results are pretty interesting .
Just released , we have the winners from New York .
Somewhat to my surprise , even though it ’s received very positive reviews so far , “ Avatar ” won for best picture .
Last year ’s winner was not “ The Dark Knight , ” which however did make it into the top 10 , but the politically - themed biopic , “ Milk . ”
Genre movies and blockbusters rarely win critics awards .
Also , the suddenly more geek - friendly critics group actually gave the most awards to “ Inglourious Basterds ” which picked up a cinematography award for the always superb Robert Richardson , a best screenplay nod for Quentin Tarantino and , of course , a Best Supporting Actor award and also a Best Breakthrough Performance award for Christoph Waltz ’s movie - stealing work as the evil but magnetic “ Jew hunter , ” Colonel Hans Landa .
Another unusual war film , “ The Hurt Locker , ” picked up the Best Director award for Kathryn Bigelow and , not at all surprising , “ Up ” won the award for best animation .
Meryl Streep won for Best Actress for “ Julie and Julia ” and Jeff Bridges won for the not yet released country music drama , “ Crazy Heart . ”
Mo’Nique from “ Precious ” picked up the Best Supporting Actress award .
“ The Cove ” won Best documentary .
ComingSoon.net has the complete list of winners .
It ’s a pretty interesting group .
Just a bit earlier , the Los Angeles Film Critics , on the other hand , gave the top prize to “ The Hurt Locker ” ( “ Up in the Air ” was the runner up ) and Kathryn Bigelow took another Best Director prize for the thriller .
Jeff Bridges , Christoph Waltz and Mo’Nique once again got the Best Actor , Best Supporting Actor , and Best Supporting Actress prizes respectively .
The L.A. crickets took a different path entirely , however , on the Best Actress category and gave it to Yolande Moreau for the French - language biopic , “ Séraphine . ”
( The runner up was Carey Mulligan , whose work in “ An Education ” has been generating a great deal of buzz . )
They also , interestingly , diverted from the New Yorkers in the area of animation , giving the top prize to “ Fantastic Mr. Fox , ” another succès d’estime for Wes Anderson .
However , they followed the NYC reviewers in giving the nod to “ The Cove ” for Best Documentary .
In a nod to genre , “ District 9 ” got a “ New Generation ” award for writer - director Neill Blomkamp as well as a production design award .
Eugene Hernandez of Indiewire has the complete list .
Oscar - buzz fans take note , critics ’ awards are not super - reliable indicators of Academy Awards , which tend to be less genre - friendly but also more prone to award big commercial hits .
On the other hand , I think it ’s safe to say that Kathryn Bigelow , Jeff Bridges , Mo’Nique , Christoph Waltz , as well as “ The Hurt Locker ” , “ Inglourious Basterds , ” and perhaps “ The Cove ” got a big boost today .
( The documentary category is notoriously fraught . )
Also , I have n’t mentioned its awards , but the little seen black political comedy and festival hit , “ In the Loop , ” picked up awards from both groups and could , I imagine , get a very helpful nomination or two in possibly the writing and the newly expanded “ Best Picture ” category .
Time may be running out , but a bill that would legalize gay marriage in New Jersey is n't technically dead .
Advocates of gay marriage are pushing lawmakers to adopt the law before Jan. 19 , when Republican Chris Christie becomes governor .
He says he'd veto it .
The current governor , Democrat Jon Corzine , says he'd sign it if lawmakers can get it to his desk in time .
Earlier this month , the state Senate canceled a vote on the issue when it became clear there was not enough support to pass it .
The issue was handed over to the state Assembly , which has not scheduled a hearing on it .
Albert Porroni , executive director of the Office of Legislative Services , says the Assembly could take up the measure without a
committee hearing .
The last - minute decision to pull the gay marriage bill off the voting calender was " disappointing " said Senate President Dick Codey ( D - Essex ) who spent hours working on his own speech for what he termed " a historic debate . "
The lack of overwhelming backing for the bill scared supporters , but opponents were n't crowing either .
" I do n't have a nose count but it 's not gonna be a slam dunk , for or against , " said Len Deo of the New Jersey Family Policy Council , which opposes gay marriage .
Supporters of gay marriage have a January 11th deadline -- the last day of this lame duck session of the Legislature .
And a week later , Republican Chris Christie takes office .
Bloomberg , by the way , a former Republican stood next to Christie today and once again endorsed gay marriage , " I think it 's none of the government 's business .
I think people should be allowed to marry anybody they want . "
And Governor Jon Corzine , who said he would sign it , warned , " If this gets delayed , I think we 're missing an historic opportunity . "
An airport security guard in New Jersey , who had 43 guns and allegedly hollow - point bullets at home , was charged with making threats against a president after co-workers told the authorities that he had talked about cutting a hole in a fence to shoot Mr. Obama on the day before the president was to land at Newark International Airport .
The man , John Brek , spent 29 days in jail , which was counted as time served on a lesser charge after the local authorities deemed that he was not a threat .
“ He ’s a talker , ” said an Essex County prosecutor on the case , Keith Harvest .
( In an interview , Mr. Brek said he had only pointed to the hole in the fence as a potential security breach . )
An Arizona pastor drew the attention of agents after he delivered a sermon that included pleas for Mr. Obama ’s death at the very time he and his family visited the state .
While cases involving heated political rhetoric are seldom prosecuted , they are often investigated by the authorities , including the case of a Republican candidate for governor in Idaho who made a hunting - season joke about “ Obama tags . ”
“ We ’d buy some of those , ” he said .
The Secret Service also checked in with a Pennsylvania newspaper that ran a classified advertisement placed by a customer , which declared : “ May Obama follow in the steps of Lincoln , Garfield , McKinley and Kennedy , ” and with a Florida radio talk show host who bantered with an anti-Obama listener , who allegedly discussed his frustration with Mr. Obama by saying he was practicing his shooting skills .
“ We do n’t have the luxury of saying , ‘ That ’s just a political statement , ’ ” said Edwin Donovan , a spokesman for the Secret Service .
“ We do n’t know someone ’s intent until we go out and ask them about it . ”
The couple that gained access to the state dinner , which led to three agents being placed on administrative leave , is the only known example of a misstep by the Secret Service in its handling of Mr. Obama ’s security .
But the White House acknowledged in its own investigation that its staff members also could have done more to prevent the breach .
Russian internet sensation : Giant triangular ' UFO ' hovers over Red Square in Moscow
Hovering ominously over the city , this video of what appears to be a triangle - shaped UFO has left Russians baffled .
Sitting motionless in the sky above the Kremlin in Moscow , clips of the unexplained object have become the most - viewed videos on Russia 's YouTube .
The two videos , one taken at night from a car and one during the day , were both filmed by amateurs .
[ caption ]
[ caption ]
The UFO hovered for hours over Red Square in the Russian capital and was seen by hundreds of people .
The identity of the shape has not been confirmed but internet forums are buzzing with the sighting .
The UFO appeared on December 9th , the same night that a mysterious blue spiral light appeared over Norway .
That was later attributed to a failed rocket launch from Russia .
Some have likened the object to one of the spaceships from Star Wars .
But others have said it is merely a reflection from inside the cameraman 's car .
If the object exists experts estimate that it could be up to a mile wide .
Some commentators have reacted sceptically to the videos and have pointed out that if hundreds of people had seen the object more videos and photos would have emerged by now .
Russian reports ruled out a UFO but police have refused to comment .
Nick Pope , a former Ministry of Defence UFO analyst , said it was ' one of the most extraordinary UFO clips I 've ever seen ' .
' At first I thought this was a reflection but it appears to move behind a power line , ruling out this theory . '
KOROLYOV , Russia ( Reuters ) - A Russian Soyuz spacecraft with three astronauts on board blasted off from Kazakhstan on Monday to join a U.S. - Russian duo manning the International Space Station ( ISS ) .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
Russian Oleg Kotov , NASA ’s Timothy Creamer and Japan ’s Soichi Noguchi lifted off from Russia ’s Baikonur cosmodrome in Kazakhstan as planned , at 0052 Moscow time ( 4:52 p.m. EST on Sunday ) .
“ Attention , spaceship Soyuz TMA - 17 , successfully reached its designated orbit , ” said an announcer at mission control to the applause of control workers and officials from the Russian , U.S. and Japanese space agencies .
After the first nine , most critical minutes into the flight , the Soyuz reached its targeted orbit at altitudes varying between 200 km and 242 km ( 125 -151 miles ) above earth .
TOY MASCOT
The space trio smiled and wove hands during the lift - off .
A fluffy toy mascot hanging on a string over their heads started floating around the cabin as they reached weightlessness .
“ Now it ’s all normal , they have started their work in orbit .
At 0800 ( 5 a.m. GMT ) we will tell them to go to bed , ” Vladimir Solovyov , the chief of piloted missions at the Russian segment of the ISS , told reporters after the launch .
“ Their programme is quite a tense one , ” he said .
“ Space walks will start after the ( New Year ) holidays . ”
After docking with the ISS on Dec 23 , the three astronauts will join American Jeff Williams and Russian Maxim Suraev who have manned the multi-billion - dollar station since October .
The five men will be the station ’s Expedition 22 .
Williams and Suraev are due to return to earth in March .
Solovyov said the three astronauts launched on Monday would spend 126 days in space and return in May .
Russia ’s partners in exploiting the ISS are U.S. space agency NASA , the European Space Agency and the Japanese and Canadian space agencies .
Moscow has said it wants to extend the life of the $ 100 - billion ISS beyond 2015 .
This year Russia doubled to four the number of manned flights to the ISS aboard its single - use Soyuz spacecraft .
Solovyov said the burden on Russia to support the station was only set to grow after NASA retires its aging fleet of Space Shuttles sometime in late 2010 .
“ We will support the life of the station by launching our transport and cargo spacecraft , ” he said .
This space launch breached one of the traditions of Russia ’s space industry -- to abstain from launches on Mondays -- established in the time of Sergei Korolyov , the famed designer of the R - 7 rocket that is a prototype of the Souyz .
“ Well yes , but no worries -- the launch time was only 52 minutes into Monday , ” Solovyov admitted with a smile .
Steven Simon writes at ( pdf ) the Council on Foreign Relations about what an Israeli strike against Iran might mean for US interests .
His list of consequences :
First , regardless of perceptions of U.S. complicity in the attack , the United States would probably become embroiled militarily in any Iranian retaliation against Israel or other countries in the region .
Given uncertainties about the future of Iraq and a deepening commitment to Afghanistan , hostilities with Iran would stretch U.S. military capabilities at a particularly difficult time while potentially derailing domestic priorities .
Should Iran attempt to block the Strait of Hormuz by mining , cruise missile strikes , or small boat attacks , these fears would become realized .
According to the GAO , however , the loss of Iranian oil for eighteen months would increase prices by only $ 6 to $ 11 / bbl , assuming that the International Energy Agency coordinated release of reserves .
This said , at the onset of the crisis , prices might hit $ 200 / bbl ( up from the current level of around $ 77 / bbl ) for a short period but would likely quickly subside .
Third , since the United States would be viewed as having assisted Israel , U.S. efforts to foster better relations with the Muslim world would almost certainly suffer .
The United States has an enduring strategic interest in fostering better relations with the Muslim world , which is distinct from the ruling elites on whom the United States depends for an array of regional objectives .
In part , this interest derives from the need to lubricate cooperation between the United States and these governments by lowering some of the popular resentment of Washington that can hem in local leaders and impede their support for U.S. initiatives .
A narrative less infused by anti-Americanism also facilitates counterterrorism goals and , from a longer - range perspective , hedges against regime change .
The perceived involvement of the United States in an Israeli attack would undercut these interlocking interests , at least for a while .
Fourth , the United States has a strong interest in domestically generated regime change in Iran .
Although some argue that the popular anger aroused in Iran by a strike would be turned against a discredited clerical regime that seemed to invite foreign attack after its bloody postelection repression of nonviolent opposition , it is more likely that Iranians of all stripes would rally around the flag .
If so , the opposition Green movement would be undermined , while the ascendant hard - line clerics and Revolutionary Guard supporters would face fewer constraints in consolidating their hold on power .
Fifth , an Israeli attack might guarantee an overtly nuclear weapons capable Iran in the medium term .
Sixth , although progress toward an Israeli - Palestinian final status accord remains elusive , an Israeli strike , especially one that overflew Jordan or Saudi Arabia , would delay fruitful renewed negotiation indefinitely .
Both Washington and Jerusalem would be too preoccupied with managing the consequences of an attack , while regional capitals would deflect U.S. appeals to upgrade relations with Israel as an incentive to concessions .
If Hamas or Hezbollah were to retaliate against Israel , either spontaneously or in response to Iranian pressure to act , any revival of the peace process would be further set back .
Finally , the United States has an abiding interest in the safety and security of Israel .
Depending on the circumstances surrounding an Israeli attack , the political - military relationship between Jerusalem and Washington could fray , which could erode unity among Democrats and embolden Republicans , thereby complicating the administration ’s political situation , and weaken Israel ’s deterrent .
Even if an Israeli move on Iran did not dislocate the bilateral relationship , it could instead produce diplomatic rifts between the United States and its European and regional allies , reminiscent of tensions over the Iraq war .
Why It 's Better To Pretend You Don't Know Anything About Computers
If someone asks you for computer help , pretend you 're dumber than a sack of hamburgers .
You will have heard , Dr Sir I doubt not long before this can have reached you that Sir W .
Howe is gone from hence .
The Rebels imagine that he is gone to the Eastward .
By this time however he has filled Chesapeak bay with surprize and terror .
Washington marched the greater part of the Rebels to Philadelphia in order to oppose Sir Wm’s. army .
I hear he is now returned upon finding none of our troops landed but am not sure of this , great part of his troops are returned for certain .
I am sure this countermarching must be ruin to them .
I am left to command here , half of my force may I am sure defend everything here with much safety .
I shall therefore send Sir W. 4 or 5 Bat [ talio ] ns .
I have too small a force to invade the New England provinces ; they are too weak to make any effectual efforts against me and you do not want any diversion in your favour .
I can , therefore very well spare him 1500 men .
I shall try some thing certainly towards the close of the year , not till then at any rate .
It may be of use to inform you that report says all yields to you .
I own to you that I think the business will quickly be over now .
Sr. W ’s move just at this time has been capital .
Wahingtons have been the worst he could take in every respect .
sincerely give you much joy on your success and am with great Sincerity your (? )
( Signed , HC )
The NPD Group 's sales information for October has been released , and DJ Hero is nowhere to be found on the top ten list .
According to Gamespot , the game sold 122,300 copies .
That may not sound like a flop , but keep in mind that this number is spread across four platforms .
The sales breakdown is depressing : it sold best on the 360 , with 62,000 units moved .
The worst ?
3,300 units on the PlayStation 2 .
What happened ?
Activision Blizzard spent a mint promoting the game , including hiring big - name producers and DJs to hype the release , as well as bringing in Jay - Z and Eminem to perform at a star - studded concert at E3 .
The game had strong early buzz , and it could still be a slow - burning hit .
Our guess , though , is that you 're looking at an expensive flop of game .
Why did a title with so much going for it miss the mark in sales so spectacularly ?
We have a few theories .
This is n't a party game
While a small number of songs can be played with a second player on guitar , the overwhelming majority of the songs are single player .
The turntable is the only instrument used in this kind of music , meaning a game based on DJ culture is simply not compatible with having multiple people playing at the same time .
Even the competitive mode feels tacked on and shallow .
A DJ is one man behind a set of turntables and a mixer .
That feeling is conveyed very well in the game , but when playing with friends , the best way to enjoy the game is to take turns playing .
Rhythm games work best with crowds , and DJ Hero is a solitary experience .
That 's not a knock against it ; playing the game is great fun .
It 's just hard to share with others , compared to the more popular Rock Band and Guitar Hero franchises .
It 's expensive
The Renegade Edition of the game was $ 200 .
The standard edition , $ 120 .
That 's a tough sell in a market where price point is so important .
For $ 80 more you can get yourself a Wii or an Xbox 360 Arcade model .
Right now at GameStop you can spend $ 20 less and pick up a game , a guitar , a microphone , and drums with the $ 99 Rock Band 2 Special Edition .
The music is more accessible , you can pay with friends , and you get more hardware for less money .
The turntable included with the $ 120 DJ Hero release is a high quality accessory ; you wo n't feel ripped off if you buy the game .
The trouble is that at that price , with only one accessory , not many people are going to be willing to find that out .
You do n't know any of these songs
DJ Hero comes with a numbing number of great , big - name songs by impressive artists .
The problem is the music you actually play in the game consists of mash - ups of two songs per track , and the DJs and producers who created the music were free to chop , change , and cut up the songs to create something new .
The tracks are great , but it's not what you 're used to , and your favorite song may only be used as a hook or a bass beat buried deep in the original track the game uses .
With other rhythm games , you know the songs you 're playing .
You know when a big solo is coming , and the hook that you love listening to is always going to be there .
DJ
Hero offers tracks that bump and pulse and change ... that 's good for the club , but it can create distance between the songs and players used to something a little more traditional .
If you 're already comfortable with this style of music , you 're going to love what the game offers .
If you 're not , you may find the use of the songs you know and love strange .
The game 's credibility may actually hurt it ; including artists like Afrika Bambaataa may excite hip - hop fans , but that 's not a name that 's going to energize every gamer who sees it on the back of the box in a game store .
You probably do n't know how a turntable works
People intuitively know how to use a guitar .
It 's a stringed instrument , it 's accessible , people know how to hold it .
Drums are the same way .
A turntable ?
Even fans of the music may not have a good idea of what 's being done to create those sounds .
Playing DJ
Hero will require most players to go through the tutorials to learn what the buttons do , what a fader is , and how to interact with the game .
There is a ton of stuff to keep track of as well : the buttons , the scratches , the cross - fader with three positions , the volume knob .
You have to learn different ways to move your hands , and the quick flicks of the cross fade at the higher difficulty levels require both fast movement and precision .
It 's not an easy game to learn to play .
When people watch others play Rock Band or Guitar Hero , they want to try .
Even playing on easy mode with DJ
Hero requires you to learn new skills ; when people watch others play , they seem to get intimidated instead of drawn in .
Is there hope ?
Honestly , it 's going to be hard to overcome these challenges .
There is already a low margin on plastic instruments , so it 's going to be hard to drop the price on the game and still make a profit .
DJ culture is unlikely to explode in the next few months to give the game a sales boost .
People are increasingly drawn into more social experiences , and this is a rare beast : a rhythm game best played alone .
Which is a shame : the game is wonderful .
The music sounds great , the gameplay is addictive once you get the hang of things , and Activision has proven that they can create a high - quality rhythm game without a roadmap being given to them by Harmonix .
It 's worth your time and money .
Will it get them ?
Somehow , I doubt it .
The things that make the game so good work against it in the current marketplace .
It 's great for gamers that DJ Hero exists , but the sales may send a message that keeps this sort of brave appeal to the hardcore a rare thing .
Edward L. Glaeser is an economics professor at Harvard .
Last Wednesday , the government of Dubai announced the restructuring of Dubai World , one of the emirate ’s three state - owned investment giants , which would “ ask all providers of financing to Dubai World and Nakheel to ‘ standstill ’ and extend maturities until at least 30 May 2010 . ”
Dubai World has more in common with ambitious American real estate developers than with the sovereign wealth fund of neighboring Abu Dhabi , which takes that emirate ’s vast oil earnings and invests them worldwide .
Dubai has few petrodollars and Dubai World is borrowing billions to build a glittering commercial metropolis on the edge of sand and sea .
The glint of hubris has long shone off the glass walls of Dubai ’s soaring skyscrapers , but overreaching ambition always lies behind the creation of great cities .
Dubai has condensed three different stages of growth into less than 50 years .
In the 19th century , cities like Buenos Aires and Chicago grew by moving the wealth of the American hinterland to the markets of older , more developed areas .
Similarly , in the 1960s , Dubai dredged the Dubai Creek and built a modern port , which enabled the city to grow during the 1970s by moving Arabian oil to the global markets .
Today , the city ’s ports are operated by Dubai World .
In much of the developing world , governments provide too much regulation and too little infrastructure .
Singapore and Hong Kong have long thrived as islands of economic freedom and sensible economic policy .
Dubai decided to follow their example in the 1980s .
In 1985 , the emir decreed the opening of the Jebel Ali Free Zone , which is now also part of Dubai World .
The Free Zone offers easy permitting , good infrastructure and little taxation , right next to a port with easy access to the Middle East and to India .
Plenty of Mumbai businessmen spend their weeks in Dubai and come home to India on weekends .
But the long - distance Mumbai - Dubai commuters that I have met see Dubai as a place to do business and Mumbai as a place to enjoy life .
Dubai ’s leader , Mohammed bin Rashid al - Maktoum , has long understood that in an age of mobile talent , Dubai must be an attractive place for consumption as well as production — a consumer city .
Dubai ’s long - run success depends on attracting skilled workers who will not stay in a city that offers only sun-baked purgatory .
For a decade , the sheik has tried to promote a third type of growth for Dubai , by turning the city into a place of pleasure with soaring skyscrapers , vast malls and spectacular luxury hotels .
Just as Las Vegas has long succeeded by allowing more misbehavior than Nevada ’s neighbors , Dubai recognizes the opportunity that comes from the strictness of neighboring Islamic states .
Pleasure can be a comparative advantage of Dubai , not just relative to Saudi Arabia but even relative to India , if there are enough snazzy new retail and restaurants .
While Dubai ’s good infrastructure , pro-business government and consumer amenities may enable the city to eventually succeed as a connector between the West , the Middle East and India , Dubai has now massively overbuilt relative to the level of current demand .
Dubai now has the tallest building in the world , and 11 skyscrapers that are taller than any European building .
Fifty - story buildings are an efficient way to deliver plenty of space , but extreme height is far more expensive and a bellwether of irrational exuberance .
Five of the 10 tallest buildings in New York City today were planned at the tail end of the ebullient 1920s and completed in the early 1930s .
In their day , they were the tallest structures in the world , but it took more than a decade for the Empire State to stop being the “ Empty State Building . ”
The real estate empire of A.E. Lefcourt , perhaps New York ’s greatest skyscraper developer in the years before the Great Depression , was dismantled after the collapse .
The Essex House , one of his most glamorous creations , is now owned by another Dubai Government Holding Company .
Dubai World ’s creditors may end up faring better or worse than those owed by A. E. Lefcourt .
Lefcourt had no rich neighbor like Abu Dhabi willing to bail him out , but Lefcourt ’s lenders could foreclose .
Dubai World ’s lenders wo n’t be taking over Dubai ’s ports .
Great cities have long been built by great gamblers , and Dubai ’s sheik may well be the second greatest city - builder — after the Chinese government — of our age .
Many of those gamblers have ended up bankrupt , but their structural legacies remain , providing the space that connects humanity and facilitates the success of our urban world .
Even if Dubai ’s real estate prices continue to drop , which is certainly quite possible , there will remain a strong incentive to fill its buildings .
If the structures remain occupied , then Dubai , and its sheik ’s dream of a great metropolis , will survive .
The Australian unemployment rate has unexpectedly dipped to 5.7 per cent in September , in the latest indication Australia 's economy has defied the global recession .
Unemployment had remained at 5.8 per cent for the previous three months , despite the loss of 27,100 jobs in August .
The official employment survey 's seasonally adjusted figures show 40,600 more jobs were created in September , with 35,400 of those being full - time positions .
The result was much better than the average economists ' expectations of 10,000 jobs being lost for an unemployment rate of 6 per cent , and the surprise pushed the Australian dollar from 89.34 US cents immediately before the decision to 90.09 US cents straight afterwards .
The result goes some way to vindicating the Reserve Bank 's surprise decision to raise interest rates on Tuesday , at least a month ahead of when most economists thought it would move .
JP Morgan 's chief economist , Stephen Walters , was one of the very few economists who predicted the RBA 's rate hike , and says more figures like these will see further rises coming sooner rather than later .
" It 's a strong message , if you believe the numbers , that our economy is substantially outperforming the rest of the world , " he told Reuters .
" After this , I think the chance of a November move has gone up a lot , although there is still a lot of water under the bridge .
For example , next week 's consumer confidence will likely take a hit from Tuesday 's rate hike .
I see rates at 4 percent by Q1 [ the first quarter of ] next year . "
Ben Potter , a research analyst with IG Markets , says today 's numbers could even mark the peak of unemployment .
" It 's pretty obvious the RBA had an advanced read on today 's employment numbers and can now more easily justify the reason they pulled the rates trigger , " he wrote in an emailed note on the data .
" The creation of 40,000 jobs against forecast losses of 10,000 , and the unemployment rate falling to 5.7 per cent , would certainly seem to suggest we have seen peak unemployment , particularly given the positive reads from recent forward looking indicators . "
The participation rate also recovered from a drop last month , when people giving up looking for work was the main reason the unemployment rate remained stable despite a substantial loss of jobs .
That , combined with the strong increase in full - time jobs , meant that total hours worked last month increased by 13.4 million to more than 1.52 billion hours .
Stephen Walters says this is a good sign that there is a genuine recovery building in the employment market .
" It was a very , very strong number .
Most of the increase was in full - time , and interestingly , unemployment went down even though more people entered the workforce . "
NSW , Victoria lead
New South Wales had a strong drop in unemployment , with the jobless rate falling from 6.1 to 5.6 per cent seasonally adjusted .
So did Victoria , where the unemployment rate fell to 5.6 per cent in September , coming back from a steep upward jump to 6.2 per cent in August .
That has left Queensland with the highest unemployment rate in the country , after its jobless rate climbed from 5.5 to 6.3 per cent in the space of a month .
However , Westpac 's economics team urges caution when looking at the monthly unemployment figures , which are based on a survey that can contain substantial statistical variations .
" One significant caution - the monthly employment data is volatile , and looking at the state split this month suggests noise at play , " Westpac 's economists wrote in a note .
" While employment rose in NSW ( 6,200 ) and Victoria ( 5,300 ) , the sum of the state numbers gave a total employment rise of 22,900 - well below the aggregate published 40,600 rise .
Also , the lion 's share of the growth came in one of the smallest states by GDP size , South Australia , where employment rose 15,900 . "
However , the more stable national trend unemployment figure came in steady for the fourth straight month at 5.8 per cent , suggesting a plateau in the jobless rate is more than just statistical noise .
Norwegian developer Funcom ( Age of Conan ) has established a new subsidiary in SweetRobot studios , a publishing front that will push Funcom ’s products in the casual / social MMO market .
The first product from the new subsidiary will be the upcoming Pets vs. Monsters , an MMO aimed at the 8 - 12 demographic , which is currently experimenting with multiple possible gameplay formats in its beta stage .
“ Sweet Robot will be focusing on publishing games outside the traditional high - end MMO - segment which Funcom has been focusing on the last years , ” says Funcom CEO Trond Arne Aas .
“ This will allow us to explore new market opportunities that differ from what we have been doing before while still retaining Funcom ’s familiar profile .
This definitely marks a new and exciting direction for us . ”
“ Our passion and dedication for high - end online games remains the same , and Age of Conan and The Secret World are still our primary focus , ” Aas continues .
“ But we are also eager to explore new opportunities within the industry , and it felt natural for us to step into the social gaming segment especially considering our outstanding experience with making online worlds and communities .
Pets vs. Monsters is very much an exciting project for us , our first attempt at creating an online game for a younger target audience with gameplay mechanics and production values that differ from what we have done before .
The fact that these productions require significantly lower budgets and smaller teams to develop is very attractive to us , as it allows us to try out several concepts instead of placing all our resources into one single bet . ”
Last week Electronic Arts put a bullet in the head of Pandemic Studios , putting many of their 200 staff out of work a week before Thanksgiving .
Advertisement
Today Pandemic ex-staffers let EA know how they feel .
Maybe the publisher should be happy that all they lost was a printer in the mass firings of developers skilled at making games with destructible environments .
We are assured that this is the actual printer the Saboteur team used through most of the development of the game ... no word on whether it PC Load Letter issues or was a victim of circumstance .
Advertisement
With a bit of free time on their hands , maybe a gifted writer at Pandemic should hit me up for a " writing assignment . "
Who does n't love a holiday expose ?
Barbie has always been best - known for her revealing costumes and impossibly pneumatic figure .
For her 50th birthday , though , the queen of the toy shop has apparently decided it 's time to take a more modest approach .
A new exhibition of the globally popular doll has her appearing in a traditional burka .
The look , which will come as a surprise to those who remember previous incarnations as an air stewardess and a French maid , is part of a Mattel - backed anniversary celebration of dolls in multicultural outfits created by the Italian designer Eliana Lorena .
" This is really important for girls , wherever they are from , " Ms Lorena said .
" They should have the opportunity to play with a Barbie that they feel represents them . "
Peak of Megalomania The Tower of Dubai
The world 's tallest skyscraper will open soon in Dubai , even as the emirate continues to be battered by the financial crisis .
Is Burj Dubai an expression of failed megalomania or proof of Dubai leader Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum 's stunning vision ?
Erich Follath und Bernhard Zand Von
In Japan , where real estate is prohibitively expensive , you can easily find a lot thin buildings .
Sandwiched between two large buildings , they are hugging every available space .
' Vomit on the table ' and speak like a 1950s hipster
Peel your ears ( 1 ) and get this , nickel rats ( 2 ) .
Some nighthawk ( 3 ) has been using his noggin ( 4 ) so much that rather than hittin ' the hop ( 5 ) they 've compiled a collection of the best US slang from the 1920s to the 1960s .
So grab a flop ( 6 ) , chill your chat ( 7 ) and learn how to talk like a real hipster .
Or something .
BARBECUE :
A hot - looking lady .
BOIL MY CABBAGE :
Blues slang for sex .
BUCKET OF BLOOD :
A spit and sawdust bar .
BUNK HABIT :
Lounging around while others smoke opium , and inhaling the fumes .
BUTTER-AND-EGG :
Out - of - town sucker , free with his money .
CHICAGO OVERCOAT :
Coffin .
CHICAGO LIGHTNING :
Gunfire .
COLD MEAT PARTY
A funeral .
COMMUNITY JOY RIDE
A druggie party .
DEAD SOLDIERS
Empty beer bottles .
DIME DROPPER
An informer ( someone who drops a dime in payphone to call the cops ) .
FACE LIKE A RUSSIAN FLAG
Embarrassed , ie red .
FLORIDA HONEYMOON
A dirty weekend .
FREE TO RUN FOR PRESIDENT
Out of work , unemployed .
HAEMOPHILIA OF THE LARYNX
A blabbermouth .
HARLEM SUNSET
Knife wounds .
HAVE ONE ON THE CITY
Drink some water .
HOT SQUAT / JUICE JOLT
The electric chair .
JACK RABBIT BLOOD
Habitual prison escaper .
KNOW YOUR GROCERIES
Be hip , aware , alert to the situation .
LONGHAIRS
Non-hipsters , squares , lovers of straight music .
MATTRESS ROUTE
Sleeping your way to the top .
MOOSE -EYES
A leering dude .
OLD ENOUGH TO VOTE
Vintage liquor or wine .
PREPARING BAIT
Putting on makeup .
PULLING THE DUTCH ACT
Committing suicide .
RIDING ACADEMY
Brothel .
ROUNDHEELS
Party girl ( deriving from a supposed natural ability to regularly fall over backwards ) .
THE SCRAMBLE EGG TREATMENT
A sex show .
SCREWED , BLUED AND TATTOOED
A wild night out .
SINHOUND
A priest .
SNIFFING ARIZONA PERFUME
Going to the gas chamber .
STRAIGHT FROM THE FRIDGE
Cool .
Obviously .
TAKEN OFF THE PAYROLL
Killed / assassinated .
THAT VIBRATES ME
I 'm impressed , I really like it .
THROW THAT DIRT IN YOUR FACE
Being buried .
TORSO - TOSSER
Hootchie - coochie dancer , stripper .
VOMIT ON THE TABLE
Speak up .
WEEK AT THE KNEES
Unsuccessful courtship .
YOUR ROOF IS LEAKING
You 're a bit crazy .
Intro footnotes ...
1 Listen up 2
You cheap crooks 3 Late - night person
4 Brain 5 Doing drugs 6
Have a sit down 7 Shut up
The third edition of Straight From The Fridge , Dad by Max Décharné is out now ( No Exit Press )
Greetings , Geeks !
As the website continues to pick up steam and expand , there is an increased need in good writers to help make the site an even greater force to be reckoned with .
We have four new openings : three staff writers for feature series and / or review articles and one news writer .
If you are interested in applying for one of these positions , please provide a resume and a writing sample to info@elder-geek.com and the position you are applying for on the subject line .
Good luck !
We look forward to reading your work !
~ the Elder - Geek staff
Enlarge Jet Propulsion Laboratory A map of the Milky Way .
Holiday tidings come from NASA 's Voyager 2 this week , offering a view of deep space beyond our sun 's solar system .
Now speeding through space at more than 34,000 miles - per - hour , the 1977 space probe resides more than 8.3. billion miles away from the sun .
That is twice as far as Pluto .
Two years ago , Voyager 2 passed into the region of space where the sun 's solar wind peters out as it plows into the interstellar gases of our Milky Way galaxy .
And now it 's giving us some news from this region , called the " heliosheath , " by astrophysicists .
" This is a magic mission , " says space scientist Merav Opher of George Mason University . in Fairfax , Va..
" After all these years , Voyager 2 is still working and sending us first hand ( on - site ) data . "
Voyager 2's vantage , revealed in the Dec. 24 Nature journal in a study led by Opher and colleagues , shows that beyond the solar system , the galaxy 's magnetic field is unexpectedly strong , about twice as much as expected , and unexpectedly tilted .
Our galaxy is essentially a twin - armed flat disk of stars 100,000 light years across rotating around a spherical ball of stars in its center ( one light year is about 5.9 trillion miles . ) .
The study results show the galaxy 's magnetic field tilts 30 degrees out of alignment with its disk , where space scientists had originally supposed the two would be perfectly aligned .
" We did n't expect such a strong field and this tilted although there were already some indications from our previous studies that the interstellar field has a strong effect on shaping the solar system , " says Opher .
Earlier this year , for example , NASA 's IBEX mission revealed in a Science journal study that a " ribbon " of electrically - neutral particles seems embedded across the edges of the heliosheath in an orientation tilted to the plane of rotation of the planets around the sun .
And Voyager 2 last year reported evidence that the entire " heliosphere " carved out by the solar wind flowing off the sun has a squashed shape , indicating the galactic environment was surprisingly strong .
In a commentary accompanying those reports in Nature , astrophysicist Jack Jokipii of the University of Arizona in Tucson , said Voyager 2 was , " opening a new age of exploration . "
The sun 's solar wind shields the planets from most of the powerful cosmic rays coming from the galaxy , with effects on everything from space radiation for astronauts to weather , offering a better understanding of the heliosphere with surprisingly down - to - earth applications .
Voyager 1 , also launched in 1977 , lacks a " plasma " instrument to measure high - temperature charged particles in the heliosheath , so it can't make similar magnetism estimates .
" The tilted field probably is a result from turbulence in the interstellar medium outside our solar system or results from collisions of clouds in the solar system neighborhood , " Opher says .
In other words , gas clouds far from our solar system are smacking together in unexpected ways , mixing up the galactic magnetic fields that in turn funnels cosmic rays into the heliosphere .
Astrophysicists hope to see Voyager 2 completely leave the influence of the solar wind and travel into true interstellar galactic space before its instruments finally cease to function , expected around 2025 .
Until then , the spacecraft is our best bet for eyeballing the sun 's neighborhood .
" The environment of the interstellar magnetic field is not very well understood , " Opher says .
But , " The fact that we are able to predict the ' weather ' or the conditions outside our solar system ( while ) being inside it still , it 's like predicting the weather outside the house being in the bathroom or kitchen ! "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Click Me
for a random comic
I do this every year .
Usually several times .
And I 'll catch them every time .
Please visit my blog : http://mrburkemath.blogspot.com.
( You can also go there to leave comments ! )
By By Bart B. Van Bockstaele Dec 11 , 2009 in Science Religionists often claim that there is no evidence for Darwin 's theory of evolution .
World - famous biologist and author Richard Dawkins takes them on and shows how wrong this claim is .
An important difference between biological programmes and computer programmes is that computer programmes are artificially designed by ( somewhat ) intelligent beings , while biological programmes have evolved as the result of random changes that are naturally selected in a non-random fashion , i.e. while computer programmes are planned , biological programmes are unplanned .
Because of the similarities and the differences between the two fields , the Darwinian theory of evolution seems as plain to me as Newton 's laws of motion .
Add to that a lifetime of interest in biology and other sciences and the conclusion is self evident : I view the theory of evolution as a fact that is just as plain and solid as the heliocentric theory of our solar system .
On top of that , I am also a European , and for most Europeans , the theory of evolution is one of those facts of life only a scientific pervert would ever doubt , since it is a basic part of biology lessons in most European schools , regardless of religion .
The Vatican , while certainly less than thrilled with evolutionary theory , has largely accepted it , and it is taught in most , probably all , Catholic schools .
My own father , once a Trappist monk ( often regarded as the most extremist of the monastic orders in Christianity ) , never doubted evolution , and he found great beauty and elegance in it , and he did so , even during his more fanatical days .
Years ago , when I saw Richard Dawkins explain in documentaries and lectures that Americans often do not accept the theory of evolution , I thought that this was simply a cheap bit of American - bashing - a popular sport in Europe - nothing more .
When I came to North America however , I had to learn to accept that the US is indeed not unlike Saudi Arabia , a country that is at least partly governed by religious fanatics who doggedly try to stifle scientific progress and to destroy the personal wellbeing of all citizens , not just the followers .
In other words , had I stayed in Europe , I would have viewed Richard Dawkins ' latest book " The greatest show on earth : the evidence of evolution " as of little interest to me , and I would most probably not have read it .
But I am not in Europe , so I did in fact read it , and I am glad I did .
The book starts by explaining what a scientific theory is .
While the word " theory " is akin to " guess " or " speculation " in daily language , it has a very different meaning in the sciences , where a theory is a system of ideas that attempts to explain a group of facts or observed phenomena .
Dawkins makes a distinction between the fact of evolution ( all living things are related to each other ) and the theory of what drives it ( natural selection ) .
He points out that no scientist doubts the former , but that there is still some room for doubting that natural selection is the main driving force , albeit only just .
In the second chapter , aptly named " Dogs , cows and cabbages , " Richard Dawkins shows that much of the resistance against evolution comes from Plato and his friends , now known as the essentialists .
They saw the differences within one species as mere variations on a theme , imperfect projections of an essential form .
As Dawkins decribes it : The Platonist regards any change in rabbits as a messy departure from the essential rabbit , and there will always be resistance to change – as if all real rabbits were tethered by an invisible elastic cord to the Essential Rabbit in the Sky .
" The evolutionary view of life is radically opposite , " he says , and he gives the example of an unbroken line of rabbits , slowly , imperceptibly , but nevertheless definitely changing , changes that are for the most part unseen when jumping from generation to generation , but that are clearly seen when looking at the entire line .
This way , a shrew - like animal can change into a leopard , thanks to changes that are too minute to discern .
Prof .
Dawkins introduces the elegant idea of the hairpin - bend : since all creatures are related , one can trace back from any currently living thing to a certain point in the past ( where the bend occurs ) , and then trace back up to reach the other currently living thing , all by following minute changes .
He does this to show that the creationist idea that crocodiles can change into ducks is ridiculous .
Both are modern animals , and while they are related to each other , it is not because one became the other , but rather because they share a common ancestor .
The story then goes on to show how artificial selection , the laboratory equivalent of natural selection , can transform an original species into wildly different variations , some of which can be rightly called different species by some definitions .
In the following chapter , " The primrose path to macro-evolution , " Dawkins shows how natural selection and artificial selection or domestication can produce similar results .
He tells us , for example , that insects were the first domesticators , and shows how flowers are bribing insects into having sex for them .
This is , in some ways , a reference to his scientifically most important book , " The extended phenotype , " where he argued very convincingly ( so convincingly in fact , that one would be hard - pressed to find a biologist who does n't buy into the idea ) that genes do not only shape the bodies in which they reside , but also elements of the world in which these bodies evolve , regardless of whether these elements are inorganic or organic .
That these considerations are not " merely a theory " as everyday speech would call it , but a genuine theory in the scientific sense , is illustrated by its predictive powers .
An impressive example of this is Darwin and Wallace 's prediction that moths would be discovered with unbelievably long Prof .
Dawkins then shows how natural selection does not need an intelligence in order to function by giving a progression , from deliberate to accidental : 1 . Humans are able to change wolves into chihuahuas and to stretch maize cobs from inches to feet by selecting the individuals they like best .
This is a deliberate process .
2 . Peahens create spectacular peacocks by choosing the most attractive ones to breed with .
This may or may not be deliberate , but probably is not .
3 . Small preyfish create efficient anglerfish by " choosing " to be eaten by the most attractive ones .
This is most definitely not a deliberate process , but the preyfish do still use their eyes to make their selection .
4 . Hunting fish like tuna or tarpon are being selected simply by being more efficient at pursuing and catching prey , regardless of the reason : keen eyes , strong swimming muscles ...
Dawkins goes on to show how artificial selection can change species in spectacularly short amounts of time , by quoting a few well - known experiments about the artificial selection of maize for oil , rats for tooth decay and foxes for tameness .
Humans have a ridiculously short lifespan in comparison to geological and evolutionary time and yet , these changes can often be brought about within a single human lifetime .
It does not take much imagination that if humans can create spectacular changes in a species within a matter of decades , natural selection can do even more in time stretches that defy our imagination , such as the two million centuries separating our own species from the origin of mammals .
In chapter 4 , " Silence and slow time , " we are shown how we know that evolution has taken as long as it has , namely billions of years , and that the creationist idea of a young earth less than ten thousand years old is simply untenable and beyond any serious contemplation .
Dendrochronology is a science that measures time by studying the life cycles of trees , in essence by counting tree rings .
Dendrochronology can measure time to within one year .
While most trees do not live more than a few centuries , overlap between trees can be used to create an uninterrupted scale that goes back much further .
Unfortunately , current gaps in the fossil record limit the usefulness of this attractive time measuring method .
We can go back approximately 11,500 years , but no more .
Nevertheless , this already destroys the time scale of many young earth creationists , by simply doubling it .
Radioactive clocks take us back much further .
This is done by measuring the decay of radioactive elements .
They enable us to measure time in centuries to billions of years .
These clocks are less precise than dendrochronology , usually to within about 1 % .
Radioactive dating is not a biological science but an element of physics , a nice example of how different scientific disciplines are working together to help us understand the wonders of the natural world .
Professor Dawkins then goes on to show how radioactive clocks and geology can be used together to estimate the age of fossils .
En passant , he shows how the flood theory preached by many creationists is untenable , unable to explain what we actually see in the fossil record .
Creationists often claim that the theory of evolution is merely a belief , because we do n't see it happening .
In chapter 5 , " Before our very eyes , " Richard Dawkins shows us - once again - how wrong they are .
It speaks for itself that a single human cannot observe the complete history of a phenomenon that takes countless human lifespans , but that does n't mean it did n't happen .
Using the metaphor of the detective who must reconstruct a crime , Professor Dawkins shows that this is no reason for thinking that we cannot know what happened and he also shows that we are able to witness evolution by natural selection within a single human lifespan , given the right conditions .
We are shown such diverse examples as the tusk length of elephants in Uganda , insectivorous lizards turned vegetarian on the island of Pod Mrcaru , Richard Lenski 's long - term experiment with Escherichia coli ( a much reviled bacterium of nevertheless fundamental importance for our survival ) , and guppies studied by Reznick and Endler .
Chapter 6 , ' Missing link ?
What do you mean , " Missing ' ? , " is probably the most hilarious chapter of the book .
Creationists are fond of what they have been told are unexisting " transitional forms " and " gaps " in the fossil record .
The fun part here is that the more complete the fossil record is becoming , the more gaps they are seeing .
Imagine a court case , where the jury and the judge would become less convinced when there is more evidence .
That would mean that , the more evidence there is pointing at the murderer , the more chances this murderer would have to go free .
Yet , this " Alice in Wonderland " style of unreason is exactly what the creationists practice .
Looking at the fossils of two related species , the creationist will demand to be shown the " missing link " or " transitional form " because there is a " gap " between the two .
When such a transitional form is discovered , the creatonist is elated , for there is now not one " gap " but two , namely one between the first fossil and the new discovery and one between the new discovery and the second one .
Every time a new transitional form is discovered , one " gap " becomes two " gaps " .
In other words , science can't win , in the distorted mind of the creationist .
Science has given the creationists a fantastic method to disprove evolution .
All they have to do , is to discover a single species in a geological stratum where it does not belong , according to evolution theory .
To quote J.B.S. Haldane 's famous example : fossil rabbits in the Precambrian would simply destroy the theory .
Yet , no creationist has ever found such an example .
Professor Dawkins then takes on some of the most popular non-arguments used by creationists to discredit evolutionary theory .
Two of the finest examples of this are the fronkey , a supposedly missing link between frogs and monkeys , and the crocoduck , an imaginary missing link between crocodiles and ducks .
All this does , is showing a painfully and ridiculously warped understanding of evolution : modern animals do not evolve into each other , they evolve from common ancestors .
Frogs and monkeys cannot possibly change into each other , but they most certainly have a common ancestor that would be not much like a frog and nothing like a monkey either .
Chapter 7 , " Missing persons ?
Missing no longer , " talks about the descent of man , by quoting one of the more enigmatic phrases of Darwin 's Origin : Light will be thrown on the origin of man and his history .
In this chapter , Richard gives us a fascinating overview of what is now known about our own origins , and he quotes an interview with Wendy Wright , President of " Concerned Women for America , " that he had conducted for his documentary " The Genius of Charles Darwin " .
This interview is astonishing , a fine demonstration of the exquisite reasoning powers of many creationists .
As Dawkins puts it : Her opinion that ‘ The morning - after pill is a pedophile ’s best friend ’ gives a fair idea of her powers of reasoning , and she fully lived up to expectation during our interview .
This is a must - read if you 're in the market for a good belly - laugh that 'll make your toes curl .
It nicely shows why biologists usually avoid " discussing " with creationists : there is no point .
No sane person tries to explain calculus to parsnips , so why bother discussing evolutionary theory with creationists ?
It is advice I 'd do well to heed .
Chapter 8 , " You did it yourself in nine months , " is about embryology .
Dawkins quotes an incident during which J.B.S.
Haldane was told by some that it was hard to believe that complicated humans would result from the development of a single cell , to which he wittily replied :
But madam , you did it yourself .
And it only took you nine months .
We are shown that the idea that our DNA is the " blueprint " for the human body is wrong , even though most biology textbooks say exactly that .
Our DNA is not a blueprint , rather , it is more akin to a recipe or a computer programme , governed by local rules .
In Chapter 9 , " The ark of the continents , " we are shown what biologists mean when they use the word ' island ' , and Dawkins then goes on showing why islands are so important for the evolution and diversity of species .
The Galapagos , made famous by Darwin , are - of course - discussed , and so are other interesting islands , such as Australia .
Plate tectonics are explained as well , for they too - by creating continents and islands - helped many species to evolve .
Richard Dawkins wonders about the creationists ' way of thinking , seeing that they seem to accept plate tectonics and the fact that Africa once was part of South America , all while denying the very evolution that this has allowed to happen .
Why then , muses Dawkins , do n't they go all the way , and deny plate tectonics as well ?
Dawkins quotes Jerry Coyne , author of " Why evolution is true " :
‘ The biogeographic evidence for evolution is now so powerful that I have never seen a creationist book , article , or lecture that has tried to refute it .
Creationists simply pretend that the evidence does n’t exist . ’
In Chapter 10 , " The tree of cousinship , " we are taken for a round of comparative anatomy .
Since I have studied comparative anatomy in some depth a few decades ago , it is one of the chapters that I feel connected to .
Dawkins shows here how mammals all have the same basic structure .
A human skull is compared to a horse skull , and it can clearly be seen that all the bones are there .
Yes , they have different shapes , but they are there .
We are shown how the okapi skeleton is similar to that of a giraffe .
Dawkins goes on , trotting out example after example after example to show how comparative anatomy is a powerful argument for evolution , while noting that this too , is a field that creationists tend to ignore to the fullest .
The chapter finishes by talking about a field that Charles Darwin knew nothing about because it did not yet exist in his time : molecular biology .
Molecular biology could therefore easily have utterly demolished the theory of evolution .
But it did not .
Molecular biology has confirmed and deepened evolutionary theory .
In fact , molecular biology has become so refined that we can now talk about a molecular " clock " which can help us figure out when species diverted from their common ancestor , and much more .
Chapter 11 , " History written all over us , " we return to comparative anatomy , but with a twist .
The chapter looks at how living things contain countless oddities that can only be explained by purposeless natural evolution or , if one really wants to attribute them to a " designer , " by a blundering utter idiot .
I 'm quoting just a few examples .
The human eye , a creationist favourite , is a prime of example of unintelligent design as it contains just about every single flaw one could think of , such as the fact that our retina is pointed backwards : the photosensitive cells are pointed towards the brain , not towards the light they must capture .
As a result , the nerves that transport the signals of the retina to the brain , form a carpet partially blocking light from reaching the photosensitive part .
Worse still , in order to get the signal to the brain , this carpet of wires is amassed in a bundle that goes to the brain through a hole in the retina , resulting in a comparatively massive blind spot .
Sounds awful ?
It 's worse .
The laryngeal nerve is a nerve that splits off from the vagus nerve , a nerve bundle that comes straight from the brain , instead of going through the spinal column first .
One part of this nerve goes straight to the larynx ( voice box ) , but the second part makes an astonishing detour .
It goes right down into the chest , loops around one of the main arteries of the heart and goes back up to finally reach the larynx .
Design - wise , this is about as disgraceful as things come .
In the human , the detour is inches .
In the giraffe , however , the same detour is one of more than 10 feet .
While human embryos develop , they start developing gills , just like fish .
Other than in fish , however , the gills never fully develop , they disappear instead , and as a result , humans do not have gills .
What useless waste of energy !
Worse , the same phenomenon can be seen in whales and manatees .
These animals would be wonderfully well served by gills , but they do n't have them , and they have to return to the surface rather frequently , for they would drown if they did n't .
Chapter 12 , " Arms races and ' evolutionary theory ' " describes how many phenomena can only be satisfactorily explained by arms races .
Professor Dawkins gives the example of a forest where species of trees grow higher and higher , trying to catch as much sunlight as possible .
Would n't it be better , if the trees held a peace conference , during which they all solemnly agreed to grow no higher than 10 feet ?
Think of all the energy that would be saved , and that could then go into other more interesting endeavours .
Now , just imagine that such an agreement was reached and that trees obeyed it .
Sooner , rather than later , one tree would understand that it can now profit tremendously from the goodness of the others by growing higher .
This in turn would once again lead to an arms race in which all trees are trying to outcompete each other .
We see the same thing between hunters and prey .
While the leopard is a wonderful machine for catching gazelles , the gazelle is a wonderful machine for evading leopards .
Over time , gazelles become better and better at evading leopards , all while leopards are becoming better and better at catching gazelles .
If these things have been designed by a designer , as the creationists claim , one can't help but wonder whose side this designer is on ?
But then , maybe some designer really did design everything , and he / she / it merely sadistically enjoys the terrible suffering that comes with these arms races .
" Nature " is an unthinking result of unthinking processes .
This is perfectly compatible with everything we see .
How does the hypothesis of a kind and benevolent designer explain the pointless suffering caused by viruses , for example ?
It does not .
Evolution by natural selection does .
The last chapter of the book , " There is grandeur in this view of life , " quotes one of the most lyrical paragraphs Darwin has written and in which he reveals himself as a true poet :
Thus , from the war of nature , from famine and death , the most exalted object which we are capable of conceiving , namely , the production of the higher animals , directly follows .
There is grandeur in this view of life , with its several powers , having been originally breathed into a few forms or into one ; and that , whilst this planet has gone cycling on according to the fixed law of gravity , from so simple a beginning endless forms most beautiful and most wonderful have been , and are being , evolved .
Richard uses this paragraph to contemplate some more or less random thoughts with respect to evolution , evolvability and the origin of life .
The book contains an interesting appendix , called " The history - deniers , " an obvious reference to holocaust - deniers .
In this chapter , we find depressing data on how many people are still denying evolutionary theory , and on how students are sometimes brainwashed by their keepers to sabotage biology lessons .
Conclusion
This book is written in Richard Dawkins ' usual style : elegant and eloquent , as simple as possible but not any simpler than that , and with plenty of references to reliable sources and further information .
I have enjoyed it tremendously , and while it has refreshed my memory on certain subjects , it has also given me an example or two I had not heard of before , such as that of the giraffe 's laryngeal nerve and the strange pouch of the koala .
Will this book convince creationists ?
I hope so , but I have my doubts .
The problem is that this book makes everything as simple as possible , but not more than that .
In other words , Richard Dawkins ' passion for dispassionate truth prevents him from writing in ways that most creationists can understand .
In order to understand this book , some education and openness of mind is required , two properties creationists do not usually have in abundance .
I am guessing that the book will be convincing to a small group of creationists who just happen to already doubt the creationist story because of its perverse lack of coherence , and who have not been indoctrinated as badly as many others .
I am unsure of this , but I hope so .
Even a small decrease of the number of creationists could lead to an increase of the quality of life of all people living in countries stifled by religious dogma , such as Turkey or the United States , and even if it does not immediately do so , it should have the effect of drastically improving the lives of those creationists who finally wake up from their ignorant slumber , and it would make life a little easier for those people who do not buy into religious fantasy .
For the rest of us , this book will give us some light , entertaining and informative reading , full of wonder and mystery , so much more interesting and rewarding a pastime than reading shallow fiction or watching Oprah on the boob tube .
In short , this is a book worth having and worth reading .
More than once .
Even if you 've had a true education .
Richard Dawkins is a biologist .
I am a computer programmer .
While these two disciplines may seem terribly different , they really are n't .
In fact , they are very similar , even exactly the same thing in some ways : biology and computer programming are both about the creation of programmes .
An important difference between biological programmes and computer programmes is that computer programmes are artificially designed by ( somewhat ) intelligent beings , while biological programmes have evolved as the result of random changes that are naturally selected in a non-random fashion , i.e. while computer programmes are planned , biological programmes are unplanned .
Because of the similarities and the differences between the two fields , the Darwinian theory of evolution seems as plain to me as Newton 's laws of motion .
Add to that a lifetime of interest in biology and other sciences and the conclusion is self evident : I view the theory of evolution as a fact that is just as plain and solid as the heliocentric theory of our solar system .
On top of that , I am also a European , and for most Europeans , the theory of evolution is one of those facts of life only a scientific pervert would ever doubt , since it is a basic part of biology lessons in most European schools , regardless of religion .
The Vatican , while certainly less than thrilled with evolutionary theory , has largely accepted it , and it is taught in most , probably all , Catholic schools .
My own father , once a Trappist monk ( often regarded as the most extremist of the monastic orders in Christianity ) , never doubted evolution , and he found great beauty and elegance in it , and he did so , even during his more fanatical days .
Years ago , when I saw Richard Dawkins explain in documentaries and lectures that Americans often do not accept the theory of evolution , I thought that this was simply a cheap bit of American - bashing - a popular sport in Europe - nothing more .
When I came to North America however , I had to learn to accept that the US is indeed not unlike Saudi Arabia , a country that is at least partly governed by religious fanatics who doggedly try to stifle scientific progress and to destroy the personal wellbeing of all citizens , not just the followers .
In other words , had I stayed in Europe , I would have viewed Richard Dawkins ' latest book " The greatest show on earth : the evidence of evolution " as of little interest to me , and I would most probably not have read it .
But I am not in Europe , so I did in fact read it , and I am glad I did .
The book starts by explaining what a scientific theory is .
While the word " theory " is akin to " guess " or " speculation " in daily language , it has a very different meaning in the sciences , where a theory is a system of ideas that attempts to explain a group of facts or observed phenomena .
Dawkins makes a distinction between the fact of evolution ( all living things are related to each other ) and the theory of what drives it ( natural selection ) .
He points out that no scientist doubts the former , but that there is still some room for doubting that natural selection is the main driving force , albeit only just .
In the second chapter , aptly named " Dogs , cows and cabbages , " Richard Dawkins shows that much of the resistance against evolution comes from Plato and his friends , now known as the essentialists .
They saw the differences within one species as mere variations on a theme , imperfect projections of an essential form .
As Dawkins decribes it : " The evolutionary view of life is radically opposite , " he says , and he gives the example of an unbroken line of rabbits , slowly , imperceptibly , but nevertheless definitely changing , changes that are for the most part unseen when jumping from generation to generation , but that are clearly seen when looking at the entire line .
This way , a shrew - like animal can change into a leopard , thanks to changes that are too minute to discern .
Prof .
Dawkins introduces the elegant idea of the hairpin - bend : since all creatures are related , one can trace back from any currently living thing to a certain point in the past ( where the bend occurs ) , and then trace back up to reach the other currently living thing , all by following minute changes .
He does this to show that the creationist idea that crocodiles can change into ducks is ridiculous .
Both are modern animals , and while they are related to each other , it is not because one became the other , but rather because they share a common ancestor .
The story then goes on to show how artificial selection , the laboratory equivalent of natural selection , can transform an original species into wildly different variations , some of which can be rightly called different species by some definitions .
In the following chapter , " The primrose path to macro-evolution , " Dawkins shows how natural selection and artificial selection or domestication can produce similar results .
He tells us , for example , that insects were the first domesticators , and shows how flowers are bribing insects into having sex for them .
This is , in some ways , a reference to his scientifically most important book , " The extended phenotype , " where he argued very convincingly ( so convincingly in fact , that one would be hard - pressed to find a biologist who does n't buy into the idea ) that genes do not only shape the bodies in which they reside , but also elements of the world in which these bodies evolve , regardless of whether these elements are inorganic or organic .
That these considerations are not " merely a theory " as everyday speech would call it , but a genuine theory in the scientific sense , is illustrated by its predictive powers .
An impressive example of this is Darwin and Wallace 's prediction that moths would be discovered with unbelievably long probosces , purely on the basis of the existence of orchids ( Angraecum sesquipedale ) with very long tubular nectar holders .
The moth ( Xanthopan morgani praedicta ) was n't discovered until 1903 , after Darwin 's death , and it was rightly given the subspecies name of praedicta ( " predicted " ) .
Prof .
Dawkins then shows how natural selection does not need an intelligence in order to function by giving a progression , from deliberate to accidental : 1 . Humans are able to change wolves into chihuahuas and to stretch maize cobs from inches to feet by selecting the individuals they like best .
This is a deliberate process .
2 . Peahens create spectacular peacocks by choosing the most attractive ones to breed with .
This may or may not be deliberate , but probably is not .
3 . Small preyfish create efficient anglerfish by " choosing " to be eaten by the most attractive ones .
This is most definitely not a deliberate process , but the preyfish do still use their eyes to make their selection .
4 .
Hunting fish like tuna or tarpon are being selected simply by being more efficient at pursuing and catching prey , regardless of the reason : keen eyes , strong swimming muscles ... Dawkins goes on to show how artificial selection can change species in spectacularly short amounts of time , by quoting a few well - known experiments about the artificial selection of maize for oil , rats for tooth decay and foxes for tameness .
Humans have a ridiculously short lifespan in comparison to geological and evolutionary time and yet , these changes can often be brought about within a single human lifetime .
It does not take much imagination that if humans can create spectacular changes in a species within a matter of decades , natural selection can do even more in time stretches that defy our imagination , such as the two million centuries separating our own species from the origin of mammals .
In chapter 4 , " Silence and slow time , " we are shown how we know that evolution has taken as long as it has , namely billions of years , and that the creationist idea of a young earth less than ten thousand years old is simply untenable and beyond any serious contemplation .
Dendrochronology is a science that measures time by studying the life cycles of trees , in essence by counting tree rings .
Dendrochronology can measure time to within one year .
While most trees do not live more than a few centuries , overlap between trees can be used to create an uninterrupted scale that goes back much further .
Unfortunately , current gaps in the fossil record limit the usefulness of this attractive time measuring method .
We can go back approximately 11,500 years , but no more .
Nevertheless , this already destroys the time scale of many young earth creationists , by simply doubling it .
Radioactive clocks take us back much further .
This is done by measuring the decay of radioactive elements .
They enable us to measure time in centuries to billions of years .
These clocks are less precise than dendrochronology , usually to within about 1 % .
Radioactive dating is not a biological science but an element of physics , a nice example of how different scientific disciplines are working together to help us understand the wonders of the natural world .
Professor Dawkins then goes on to show how radioactive clocks and geology can be used together to estimate the age of fossils .
En passant , he shows how the flood theory preached by many creationists is untenable , unable to explain what we actually see in the fossil record .
Creationists often claim that the theory of evolution is merely a belief , because we do n't see it happening .
In chapter 5 , " Before our very eyes , " Richard Dawkins shows us - once again - how wrong they are .
It speaks for itself that a single human cannot observe the complete history of a phenomenon that takes countless human lifespans , but that does n't mean it did n't happen .
Using the metaphor of the detective who must reconstruct a crime , Professor Dawkins shows that this is no reason for thinking that we cannot know what happened and he also shows that we are able to witness evolution by natural selection within a single human lifespan , given the right conditions .
We are shown such diverse examples as the tusk length of elephants in Uganda , insectivorous lizards turned vegetarian on the island of Pod Mrcaru , Richard Lenski 's long - term experiment with Escherichia coli ( a much reviled bacterium of nevertheless fundamental importance for our survival ) , and guppies studied by Reznick and Endler .
Chapter 6 , ' Missing link ?
What do you mean , " Missing ' ? , " is probably the most hilarious chapter of the book .
Creationists are fond of what they have been told are unexisting " transitional forms " and " gaps " in the fossil record .
The fun part here is that the more complete the fossil record is becoming , the more gaps they are seeing .
Imagine a court case , where the jury and the judge would become less convinced when there is more evidence .
That would mean that , the more evidence there is pointing at the murderer , the more chances this murderer would have to go free .
Yet , this " Alice in Wonderland " style of unreason is exactly what the creationists practice .
Looking at the fossils of two related species , the creationist will demand to be shown the " missing link " or " transitional form " because there is a " gap " between the two .
When such a transitional form is discovered , the creatonist is elated , for there is now not one " gap " but two , namely one between the first fossil and the new discovery and one between the new discovery and the second one .
Every time a new transitional form is discovered , one " gap " becomes two " gaps " .
In other words , science can't win , in the distorted mind of the creationist .
Science has given the creationists a fantastic method to disprove evolution .
All they have to do , is to discover a single species in a geological stratum where it does not belong , according to evolution theory .
To quote J.B.S. Haldane 's famous example : fossil rabbits in the Precambrian would simply destroy the theory .
Yet , no creationist has ever found such an example .
Professor Dawkins then takes on some of the most popular non-arguments used by creationists to discredit evolutionary theory .
Two of the finest examples of this are the fronkey , a supposedly missing link between frogs and monkeys , and the crocoduck , an imaginary missing link between crocodiles and ducks .
All this does , is showing a painfully and ridiculously warped understanding of evolution : modern animals do not evolve into each other , they evolve from common ancestors .
Frogs and monkeys cannot possibly change into each other , but they most certainly have a common ancestor that would be not much like a frog and nothing like a monkey either .
Chapter 7 , " Missing persons ?
Missing no longer , " talks about the descent of man , by quoting one of the more enigmatic phrases of Darwin 's Origin :
In this chapter , Richard gives us a fascinating overview of what is now known about our own origins , and he quotes an interview with Wendy Wright , President of " Concerned Women for America , " that he had conducted for his documentary " The Genius of Charles Darwin " .
This interview is astonishing , a fine demonstration of the exquisite reasoning powers of many creationists .
As Dawkins puts it : This is a must - read if you 're in the market for a good belly - laugh that 'll make your toes curl .
It nicely shows why biologists usually avoid " discussing " with creationists : there is no point .
No sane person tries to explain calculus to parsnips , so why bother discussing evolutionary theory with creationists ?
It is advice I 'd do well to heed .
Chapter 8 , " You did it yourself in nine months , " is about embryology .
Dawkins quotes an incident during which J.B.S.
Haldane was told by some that it was hard to believe that complicated humans would result from the development of a single cell , to which he wittily replied :
We are shown that the idea that our DNA is the " blueprint " for the human body is wrong , even though most biology textbooks say exactly that .
Our DNA is not a blueprint , rather , it is more akin to a recipe or a computer programme , governed by local rules .
In Chapter 9 , " The ark of the continents , " we are shown what biologists mean when they use the word ' island ' , and Dawkins then goes on showing why islands are so important for the evolution and diversity of species .
The Galapagos , made famous by Darwin , are - of course - discussed , and so are other interesting islands , such as Australia .
Plate tectonics are explained as well , for they too - by creating continents and islands - helped many species to evolve .
Richard Dawkins wonders about the creationists ' way of thinking , seeing that they seem to accept plate tectonics and the fact that Africa once was part of South America , all while denying the very evolution that this has allowed to happen .
Why then , muses Dawkins , do n't they go all the way , and deny plate tectonics as well ?
Dawkins quotes Jerry Coyne , author of " Why evolution is true " :
In Chapter 10 , " The tree of cousinship , " we are taken for a round of comparative anatomy .
Since I have studied comparative anatomy in some depth a few decades ago , it is one of the chapters that I feel connected to .
Dawkins shows here how mammals all have the same basic structure .
A human skull is compared to a horse skull , and it can clearly be seen that all the bones are there .
Yes , they have different shapes , but they are there .
We are shown how the okapi skeleton is similar to that of a giraffe .
Dawkins goes on , trotting out example after example after example to show how comparative anatomy is a powerful argument for evolution , while noting that this too , is a field that creationists tend to ignore to the fullest .
The chapter finishes by talking about a field that Charles Darwin knew nothing about because it did not yet exist in his time : molecular biology .
Molecular biology could therefore easily have utterly demolished the theory of evolution .
But it did not .
Molecular biology has confirmed and deepened evolutionary theory .
In fact , molecular biology has become so refined that we can now talk about a molecular " clock " which can help us figure out when species diverted from their common ancestor , and much more .
Chapter 11 , " History written all over us , " we return to comparative anatomy , but with a twist .
The chapter looks at how living things contain countless oddities that can only be explained by purposeless natural evolution or , if one really wants to attribute them to a " designer , " by a blundering utter idiot .
I 'm quoting just a few examples .
The human eye , a creationist favourite , is a prime of example of unintelligent design as it contains just about every single flaw one could think of , such as the fact that our retina is pointed backwards : the photosensitive cells are pointed towards the brain , not towards the light they must capture .
As a result , the nerves that transport the signals of the retina to the brain , form a carpet partially blocking light from reaching the photosensitive part .
Worse still , in order to get the signal to the brain , this carpet of wires is amassed in a bundle that goes to the brain through a hole in the retina , resulting in a comparatively massive blind spot .
Sounds awful ?
It 's worse .
The laryngeal nerve is a nerve that splits off from the vagus nerve , a nerve bundle that comes straight from the brain , instead of going through the spinal column first .
One part of this nerve goes straight to the larynx ( voice box ) , but the second part makes an astonishing detour .
It goes right down into the chest , loops around one of the main arteries of the heart and goes back up to finally reach the larynx .
Design - wise , this is about as disgraceful as things come .
In the human , the detour is inches .
In the giraffe , however , the same detour is one of more than 10 feet .
While human embryos develop , they start developing gills , just like fish .
Other than in fish , however , the gills never fully develop , they disappear instead , and as a result , humans do not have gills .
What useless waste of energy !
Worse , the same phenomenon can be seen in whales and manatees .
These animals would be wonderfully well served by gills , but they do n't have them , and they have to return to the surface rather frequently , for they would drown if they did n't .
Chapter 12 , " Arms races and ' evolutionary theory ' " describes how many phenomena can only be satisfactorily explained by arms races .
Professor Dawkins gives the example of a forest where species of trees grow higher and higher , trying to catch as much sunlight as possible .
Would n't it be better , if the trees held a peace conference , during which they all solemnly agreed to grow no higher than 10 feet ?
Think of all the energy that would be saved , and that could then go into other more interesting endeavours .
Now , just imagine that such an agreement was reached and that trees obeyed it .
Sooner , rather than later , one tree would understand that it can now profit tremendously from the goodness of the others by growing higher .
This in turn would once again lead to an arms race in which all trees are trying to outcompete each other .
We see the same thing between hunters and prey .
While the leopard is a wonderful machine for catching gazelles , the gazelle is a wonderful machine for evading leopards .
Over time , gazelles become better and better at evading leopards , all while leopards are becoming better and better at catching gazelles .
If these things have been designed by a designer , as the creationists claim , one can't help but wonder whose side this designer is on ?
But then , maybe some designer really did design everything , and he / she / it merely sadistically enjoys the terrible suffering that comes with these arms races .
" Nature " is an unthinking result of unthinking processes .
This is perfectly compatible with everything we see .
How does the hypothesis of a kind and benevolent designer explain the pointless suffering caused by viruses , for example ?
It does not .
Evolution by natural selection does .
The last chapter of the book , " There is grandeur in this view of life , " quotes one of the most lyrical paragraphs Darwin has written and in which he reveals himself as a true poet :
Richard uses this paragraph to contemplate some more or less random thoughts with respect to evolution , evolvability and the origin of life .
The book contains an interesting appendix , called " The history - deniers , " an obvious reference to holocaust - deniers .
In this chapter , we find depressing data on how many people are still denying evolutionary theory , and on how students are sometimes brainwashed by their keepers to sabotage biology lessons .
This book is written in Richard Dawkins ' usual style : elegant and eloquent , as simple as possible but not any simpler than that , and with plenty of references to reliable sources and further information .
I have enjoyed it tremendously , and while it has refreshed my memory on certain subjects , it has also given me an example or two I had not heard of before , such as that of the giraffe 's laryngeal nerve and the strange pouch of the koala .
Will this book convince creationists ?
I hope so , but I have my doubts .
The problem is that this book makes everything as simple as possible , but not more than that .
In other words , Richard Dawkins ' passion for dispassionate truth prevents him from writing in ways that most creationists can understand .
In order to understand this book , some education and openness of mind is required , two properties creationists do not usually have in abundance .
I am guessing that the book will be convincing to a small group of creationists who just happen to already doubt the creationist story because of its perverse lack of coherence , and who have not been indoctrinated as badly as many others .
I am unsure of this , but I hope so .
Even a small decrease of the number of creationists could lead to an increase of the quality of life of all people living in countries stifled by religious dogma , such as Turkey or the United States , and even if it does not immediately do so , it should have the effect of drastically improving the lives of those creationists who finally wake up from their ignorant slumber , and it would make life a little easier for those people who do not buy into religious fantasy .
For the rest of us , this book will give us some light , entertaining and informative reading , full of wonder and mystery , so much more interesting and rewarding a pastime than reading shallow fiction or watching Oprah on the boob tube .
In short , this is a book worth having and worth reading .
More than once .
Even if you 've had a true education .
This opinion article was written by an independent writer .
The opinions and views expressed herein are those of the author and are not necessarily intended to reflect those of DigitalJournal.com More about Richard Dawkins , Charles Darwin , Evidence for evolution richard dawkins charles darwin evidence for evoluti ...
Latest News Top News 2020 ’s best and worst U.S. cities for people with disabilities Spain to put entire capital under partial lockdown Sea level : Greenland ice loss worst in 12,000 years CDC overruled — Cruise ship ' No Sail ' order to end on October 31 Why and how organizations need to optimize Wi-Fi Chatting with Robb Derringer : Emmy - nominated actor and pilot Special Op - Ed : Antonio Sabato Jr. releases greatest memoir of the summer of 2020 Catching up with Joe Nichols : ' Merle Mondays , ' life in quarantine Special Op - Ed : ' Proud Boys ' cheers Trump 's refusal to condemn white supremacy Mike Manning joins the cast of ' Days of Our Lives ' on NBC
President Bill Clinton adds his voice to the urgent need for reform :
At last , we are close to making real health insurance reform a reality .
We face one critical , final choice , between action and inaction .
We know where the path of inaction leads to : more uninsured Americans , more families struggling to keep up with skyrocketing premiums , higher federal budget deficits , and health costs so much higher than any other country ’s they will cripple us economically .
Our only responsible choice is the path of action .
Does this bill read exactly how I would write it ?
No .
Does it contain everything everyone wants ?
Of course not .
But America can't afford to let the perfect be the enemy of the good .
And this is a good bill : it increases the security of those who already have insurance and gives every American access to affordable coverage , and contains comprehensive efforts to control costs and improve quality , with more information on best practices , and comparative costs and results .
The bill will shift the power away from the insurance companies and into the hands of consumers .
Take it from someone who knows : these chances do n't come around every day .
Allowing this effort to fall short now would be a colossal blunder -- both politically for our party and , far more important , for the physical , fiscal , and economic health of our country . ”
For as long as Donovan Mcnabb has been in Philadelphia , the prevailing complaint among fans has been the lack of quality receivers .
Prior to last season , the lone exception to that rule was the 2004 season , when Terrell Owens came to town and the Eagles rode the McNabb / TO connection all the way to the Super Bowl .
Of course , the very next season , amid injuries to McNabb and the familiar antics by Owens , things quickly fell apart
Soon , TO was in Dallas and Eagles backers were once again bemoaning a lack of talent among Philly 's pass catching corps .
Even McNabb himself complained on his personal blog during the offseason in 2008 about the lack of playmakers on the Eagles ' offense .
Perhaps as a result of that , Philadelphia drafted DeSean Jackson in the second round three months later .
And to slightly rephrase an old saying , the rest is quickly becoming history .
After a solid rookie season in which he showed plenty of potential , Jackson has fully blossomed into arguably the top playmaker in the league .
In the process , he is not only providing a glimpse into what could have been , but even threatening to totally eclipse that one great season McNabb and TO shared .
Their styles are clearly different .
DeSean Jackson is a skinny speedster who can leave defenders holding nothing but air , having tied the record for TDs of 50 - plus yards ( eight ) with two games remaining .
Terrell Owens is five inches taller ( 6'3 " ) and 50 pounds heavier ( 224 ) than Jackson .
While he is by no means slow , his ability to break tackles can turn a routine catch into a long gain .
However , outside of the obvious physical differences , there are plenty of similarities between the two , not the least of which is their ability to score anytime they get the ball in their hands .
Beyond that , the stats Jackson has accumulated thus far in his breakout sophomore year are actually pretty comparable to TO 's one full season in Philadelphia .
In 13 games this season , Jackson has caught 56 passes for 1,087 yards .
In 2004 , Owens collected 77 passes for an even 1,200 yards in 14 games .
That translates to 83.6 ypg for Jackson vs. 85.7 ypg for TO .
The one sizable advantage that TO has in that comparison is that he scored 14 receiving TDs , while Jackson has found the end zone only eight times on passing plays .
However , when you factor in Jackson 's rushing and punt return plays , the additional three touchdowns and 549 all purpose yards more than even things out .
More importantly , Jackson has already exceeded Owens ' 21 - game tenure in green .
And unlike TO 's now infamous second - season blow - up , which precipitated his short stay , DeSean Jackson has been a consummate teammate thus far .
Provided that does n't change anytime soon , Jackson is just scratching the surface of what should be a long and epic career as an Eagle .
Meanwhile , Terrell Owens is in the process of fading way up in Buffalo , having squandered what easily could have been a great opportunity in Philadelphia .
It 's only a matter of time before " who ? " is more than just a sarcastic response to references to TO among Philly faithful .
McNabb and the Eagles finally have a top playmaker .
What originally began as a small idea for a comic soon snowballed .
The Black Friday concept was originally supposed to be a normal three - panel comic .
However , when the idea simply couldnâ€™t be fit within three panels it got turned into the first expanded six - panel strip in full - color .
And that , gave us an idea .
While working on the strip the idea crossed our minds that much of the drawing and coloring work would be completed to just go ahead and turn it into a full animation .
So voices were recorded and some expanded shots were added , but the final product is the full Black Friday trailer starring Rick .
Trivia
Oaks Mall is a reference to Kentucky Oaks Mall in Paducah , KY where we grew up .
Rickâ€™s final line in the trailer is a reference to the classic John Carpenter film They Live , where a character says , â€ œI have come here to chew bubblegum and kick ass …and I ’m all out of bubblegum.â€ 
The mall setting is also an obvious reference to the George Romero film Dawn of the Dead .
Cast and Crew
David Rothwell
Director / Animator / Executive Producer
Derek Seltzer
Justin Young
Director / Writer / Executive Producer
My eldest daughter , Emmy , was epileptic in the womb .
This means that the abnormal foetal movements during the last two months of my pregnancy were actually epileptic seizures .
She had her first seizure outside the womb at three months , followed by many months in hospital , before being discharged into my completely untrained hands .
Emmy , 18 , has what the professionals call PMLD – profound and multiple learning difficulties .
She is quadriplegic , with cerebral palsy and intractable epilepsy .
Basically that means that she is buggered .
She cannot walk , talk , toilet herself , feed herself , etc .
She can communicate in a fashion , by laughing , crying and smiling , but you can not be sure that it is controlled .
When she was 10 months old ( 1992 ) we were told by the wise and the wonderful at Great Ormond Street that she would die very soon .
If she did n't die very soon she would die a little bit later .
If she did n't die then she would probably be a vegetable for the rest of her " short " life .
There was no counselling or support .
We saw a geneticist who told us not to have any more children , and that was it .
There was the usual gaggle of meetings with social services , who offered us residential care or possibly a bit of respite in the community , but they were n't sure .
Our GP was very kind , but she had never had a case like this before .
For the next 18 months I had to deal with the hugely complex array of appointments , whilst having this dreadful thought in the back of my head that my daughter was going to die .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
She did n't .
I stopped believing the doctors .
I started believing in my daughter .
And yet no one believed in me .
There was no joined - up thinking .
No early intervention , no support structure .
No recognition of what that day at Great Ormond Street had done to us as a couple , or our little family .
When you give birth to a child whose life is going to be bombarded with medical complexity , you begin a journey that is impossible to be prepared for .
For the first 10 years we simply existed .
Every few months she would have a bout of pneumonia and we would prepare for her possible departure .
It was a staggeringly difficult time .
When she was four we found Helen House Hospice in Oxford , and thanks to them many of these interruptions were made more manageable .
We came to understand what " life - limiting " meant .
And how to come to terms with the fact that our gorgeous child was not going to live into adulthood .
We still had little or no support from our local authority .
I think we got a respite weekend a month , for a child who could have up to 40 fits a day and was heavily medicated .
Plus I had two more babies .
We had a social worker , but to be honest I can't remember her .
I think I saw her twice a year to review the care package .
We also received little or no support from our families .
My parents did a fair amount , when she was well .
David 's family live in the US , which is n't really convenient for babysitting .
Coming to terms with your child 's passing is a journey that is very difficult to explain .
It does n't really happen overnight ... well it did n't for us .
It was n't like there was one day when it dawned on us .
But repeated events .
The pneumonia and recovery , maybe it started to take a little longer .
I could n't say .
But even at eight or nine I think I was still fairly idealistic .
I knew she could go , but I had n't really got my head round her handicaps .
We had , after all , had several near misses already .
But she was still such a baby in my eyes .
And the steel cage I had built around myself to protect me from the so - called " professionals " worked very well .
Unfortunately what it also did was block out my husband for a lot of the time .
Her brother and sister were also still very small .
As they began to gain some independence reality began to strike .
She was still here .
I was still caring .
All the time , three hospital appointments a week , often more .
But at no point was there one person who stuck with us , to catch me as I started to fall .
Briefly there was one social worker who went above and beyond ; but she got disillusioned and left the profession .
Because of the nature of my daughter 's diagnosis we , my husband and I , decided early in her life that we wished her care to be palliative .
To most people this would mean end - of - life hospice care .
But for us it means whole life care .
Which means that her life is about quality now , rather than using medical intervention to keep it going .
Therefore we do not wish her to be tube - fed , to be resuscitated , have intravenous medication other than pain relief , or any other intervention .
Her quality of life is about being able to make the very few decisions she can make herself .
This includes eating , which is under her control .
And breathing .
She and I have " agreed " many times over the years that it is her call .
She decides if she is going to wake up , not me .
So far , she has chosen to wake up .
When we first asked for no intervention I do n't think we fully understood what we were saying .
It was more a reaction to what everyone was doing and taking into account the fact that they kept telling us she was going to die .
So if she was then let her .
But now I do understand .
She should never have survived .
For whatever reason , she did .
That does not make it right to keep that life going " just because you can " .
What a family like ours goes through is grieving for a very long time with the end never actually happening , and also caring .
So two of the most stressful jobs wrapped up in one package .
It appears to be taboo to admit how hard it is .
As a society we do n't seem to want to admit to the hurt of watching our children live half - lives , quarter lives even .
Does Emmy have a quality of life ?
I do n't know .
Do I love her ?
Absolutely .
Will I miss her ?
With all my heart .
When she dies , will it be a relief ?
Without question .
Gradually you recognise that extending this life , it is n't your call .
You are simply a manager of a body .
It is down to her if she wants to keep going .
My job is to make sure she is comfortable .
That she has a reason to smile when she can .
That she is loved by her family , and at the end of the day her family have the energy and capacity to love her .
Society now appears to be about extending life .
Ticking medical boxes and covering arses that enable life to be prolonged without necessarily asking the terribly important question .
Who are we doing this for ?
Because it is not for me , or my family .
We have been through quite enough .
And I can not imagine it is for my daughter .
What she has had to go through does not bear thinking about .
And why is it still taboo to talk about this issue ?
Why , with an ageing population , and more babies surviving premature birth and birth trauma , is it still considered politically incorrect to tackle the really important and , lets face it , unavoidable issue , of who are we maintaining life for ?
I can only speak from the experience of my daughter .
I do not know what it is like for anyone else .
I would never claim to know .
But I do feel that it should n't be wrong to say what you really feel .
Why is there nowhere in this country that provides long - term palliative care for young people whose lives are not going to be improved by medical intervention ?
They are just going to be extended .
Extension does not mean made better , it just means longer .
The decisions that have to be made are complex .
But decisions have to be made , and this is clearly where a huge problem exists , because no one wants to make them .
You are held hostage by a social welfare service that is not structured to provide care but to avoid spending money .
And the sad reality is that children and young people with complex health needs cost money .
Families can't even be paid properly for the care that they provide .
My daughter is now 18 .
Were she not profoundly disabled she would be at college or something .
Were she out of work she could claim housing benefit .
But as a profoundly disabled 18 - year - old living in an annexe of her parents ' house she is not allowed housing benefit because her landlord is her father and God forbid she may be abusing the system .
No one will support her accommodation needs .
Why ?
Well , that is the question they must answer , because we certainly did n't realise that in her being at home we would be paying for her accommodation and that of her two carers as well .
Maybe I am being petty here , but when my daughter was discharged from Hammersmith hospital in 1992 no one told me that I would still be fighting 17 years later .
No one told me that my fight would get as ugly as it has done .
No one told me that I would be judged by people who had / have never met her and have refused to meet her .
Or who would twist the situation to avoid facing up to the horrific reality .
We , her parents , have had to make decisions that no one else will face .
Quality versus quantity .
Palliative versus intervention .
It is just adding insult to injury that my daughter becomes a box - ticking exercise rather than one of decision - making .
I am not alone in my outspokenness on these issues .
But maybe right now I am just that little bit angrier that it is discretionary , not legal , whether Worcestershire County Council meets her housing needs .
Discretion should not come into it .
If we are going to maintain life then we have to treat those who are managing those lives with respect .
That includes the carers , the families and the individuals themselves .
We do n't do that .
Our local authority has spent more avoiding their responsibilities than meeting them .
And that is wrong .
Do you recognise this description of family life ?
What should be done to make life easier for profoundly disabled children and those who care for them ?
Tells us about your experiences .
Write to : yourstory@independent.co.uk
Statute Of Limitations For Debts
The statute of limitations ( SOL ) for a delinquent debt is the time limit for the creditor to file a lawsuit .
This period starts when the debtor becomes delinquent .
The fact that the SOL has " run " ( expired ) on a particular debt will not necessarily prevent a lawsuit from being filed ( via a Summons And Complaint ) , but the defendant can have the suit dismissed on this basis .
The Statute Of Limitations only covers lawsuits , and SOL expiration does not affect other types of collection action or reporting of the account to credit bureaus .
The creditor or collection agency may theoretically continue with letters and telephone calls forever ( although third - party collectors are subject to the " cease and desist " provision of the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act . )
However , they will generally put much less effort into collecting " Out - Of - Statute " debts , and may give up easily .
Out - Of - Statute debts can still be reported to credit bureaus for the time limits specified in the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
Credit cards are generally considered Open Accounts .
Auto loans and other installment agreements are Written Contracts .
If there has already been a lawsuit resulting in a judgment , that judgment has a separate Statute Of Limitations , which you can find here .
( The numbers on this chart indicate years . )
State Oral
Agreements Written
Contracts Promissory
Notes Open
Accounts Alabama 6 6 6 3 Alaska 6 6 6 6 Arizona 3 6 5 3 Arkansas 3 5 6 3 California 2 4 4 4 Colorado 6 6 6 6 Connecticut 3 6 6 6 Delaware 3 3 6 3 D.C. 3 3 3 3 Florida 4 5 5 4 Georgia 4 6 6 4 Hawaii 6 6 6 6 Idaho 4 5 10 4 Illinois 5 10 6 5 Indiana 6 10 10 6 Iowa 5 10 5 5 Kansas 3 5 5 3 Kentucky 5 15 15 5 Louisiana 10 10 10 3 Maine 6 6 6 6 Maryland 3 3 6 3 Massachusetts 6 6 6 6 Michigan 6 6 6 6 Minnesota 6 6 6 6 Mississippi 3 3 3 3 Missouri 5 10 10 5 Montana 5 8 8 5 Nebraska 4 5 6 4 Nevada 4 6 3 4 New Hampshire 3 3 6 3 New Jersey 6 6 6 6 New Mexico 4 6 6 4 New York 6 6 6 6 North Carolina 3 3 5 3 North Dakota 6 6 6 6 Ohio 6 15 15 ? Oklahoma 3 5 5 3 Oregon 6 6 6 6 Pennsylvania 4 6 4 6 Rhode Island 15 15 10 10 South Carolina 10 10 3 3 South Dakota 6 6 6 6 Tennessee 6 6 6 6 Texas 4 4 4 4 Utah 4 6 6 4 Vermont 6 6 5 6 Virginia 3 5 6 3 Washington 3 6 6 3 West Virginia 5 10 6 5 Wisconsin 6 6 10 6 Wyoming 8 10 10 8
The information above is believed to be accurate at the time of the creation of this page , and is for reference only .
We are not attorneys , and nothing here should be construed as or relied upon as legal advice .
If you are concerned about possible lawsuits , you may wish to confirm this with your state 's Civil Code and / or a qualified attorney .
If you find any discrepancies or errors here , please let us know at : webmaster@cardreport.com .
Credit Problems Menu Credit And Banking Laws Menu Top Of Page
same for Beaumont , Texas for at&t and verizon ... any idea what the problem is this time ?
its quite annoying to have your phone stop working twice in a week !!
I was on the phone with at&t just a min ago and they did n't know anything about this
Long - chain omega - 3 fatty acids , primarily found in fish and seafood , may have a role in colorectal cancer prevention , according to results presented at the American Association for Cancer Research Frontiers in Cancer Prevention Research Conference , held Dec. 6 - 9 , 2009 , in Houston .
" Experimental data have shown benefits of long - chain omega - 3 fatty acids in colorectal carcinogenesis , ranging from reduced tumor growth , suppression of angiogenesis and inhibition of metastasis , " said Sangmi Kim , Ph.D. , a postdoctoral fellow at the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences , Research Triangle Park , N.C. " Our finding of inverse association between dietary intakes of long - chain omega - 3 fatty acids and distal large bowel cancer in white participants adds additional support to the hypothesis . "
Although experimental and clinical data suggest that long - chain omega - 3 fatty acids possess anti-neoplastic properties in the colon , epidemiologic data to date has been inconclusive .
Kim and colleagues studied the link between polyunsaturated fatty acid intake and distal large bowel cancer using data from a population - based control study .
They recruited 1,509 white participants ( 716 cancer cases and 787 controls ) and 369 black participants ( 213 cancer cases and 156 controls ) using the State Cancer Registry and Division of Motor Vehicles records .
Nineteen polyunsaturated fatty acids were assessed using a validated food frequency questionnaire , which included 124 questions on food items .
The researchers used the questionnaire to collect information on the frequency and amount of foods typically consumed in the past 12 months .
Patients who consumed more long - chain omega - 3 fatty acids had a reduced risk of distal large bowel cancer .
Compared to the lowest quartile , fat intake in the highest quartile was linked with a 39 percent reduced risk of cancer .
The researchers detected these associations in white participants , but not in black participants .
" We were surprised that the association was not also observed among blacks , " Kim said .
" We considered several possible explanations but were not able to account for this difference with the data we had .
This finding warrants future study , but we should be careful about drawing conclusions about potential racial differences in the benefit from long - chain omega - 3 fatty acids from this study . "
" An increase in dietary intake of long - chain omega - 3 fatty acids , which mainly come from fish and seafood , may be beneficial in the prevention of distal large bowel cancer , " Kim said .
Source : American Association for Cancer Research ( news : web )
Explore further Omega - 3 fatty acids reduce risk of advanced prostate cancer
by Laurie Penny
Thinking of getting merry this Christmas ?
Think again , if you ’re a girl .
According to the Association of Chief Police Officers ( ACPO ) , women who do n’t want to be raped have a responsibility not to get drunk .
A new campaign , launched on Monday , aims to deter “ potential victims ” from drinking too much – implying once again that women are to blame for rape .
Dave Whatton , ACPO lead on rape , explained that “ A large proportion of reported rape cases feature alcohol as a factor .
Ultimately we want to prevent rape from occurring in the first place , by arming potential victims with key advice on how to keep themselves safe . ”
The campaign , which also contains advice aimed at potential rapists , encourages women to “ let your hair down , not your guard down ” .
News associations across the country , including Reuters , Associated Newspapers and the BBC , have predictably honed in on the message that women have a responsibility to protect themselves from rape by staying sober .
This may be news to potential rapists , but most women do not need to be told how to protect themselves from rape .
The ‘ safety work ’ that women do to avoid male violence is ingrained in young girls from an early age .
We learn to choose clothes which will not ‘ provoke ’ men , to be sexually timid , to avoid walking home in the dark without an escort .
We learn to mistrust men we do not know : better safe than sorry .
Anti-rape activist Hilary McCollum explains that “ Many women curtail their freedom because of their fear of violence , especially rape .
Fear of rape limits women ’s lives , as do stereotypes about who gets raped and when . ”
I am all too familiar with how damaging these stereotypes can be .
Three years ago , after drinking an unhealthy amount of white rum at a party , I was raped by an acquaintance of mine .
What I found most distressing about the incident was n’t the non-consensual sex , nor even the STD that I contracted as a result .
In fact , what really left me traumatised were the subsequent years of guilt , silence and shame , fuelled by a deep belief that because I had been drinking , what happened to me was my fault .
For years , I did n’t mention that night to anyone , because I had internalised the message that girls who drink and flirt with men deserve to be raped .
That message did not come from my parents , nor even from the man involved , who was appalled and apologetic when he realised what he ’d drunkenly done .
The message came directly from social propaganda , some of it as horrifically well - meaning as the current ACPO campaign .
The still - current idea that women who drink are wantonly putting themselves at risk of rape does untold damage , both to women and to men .
Alcohol is the short skirt of the 21st century – an excuse designed to limit male culpability for sexual violence .
Victim - blaming messages like the current ACPO campaign have been around for centuries , disguised as advice to help women ‘ protect ’ themselves – but with tens of thousands of rapes occurring each year in Britain alone , the strategy has hardly worked so far .
The ACPO campaign takes a step in the right direction by partnering these messages with adverts and posters reminding men that sex without consent is rape .
But telling men that if they rape , they can expect to be jailed is of little use if , in the same breath , you also tell women that if they drink , they can expect to be raped .
It is never a woman ’s fault if she is raped : not if she ’s drunk , not if she ’s sober , not if she ’s standing on a table wearing a thong and baby oil .
The responsibility for rape lies , always and only , with the minority of men who rape .
SAN FRANCISCO 
They do n’t know it , but people who use Google ’s online maps may be getting directions from Richard Hintz .
Mr. Hintz , a 62 - year - old engineer who lives in Berkeley , Calif. , has tweaked the locations of more than 200 business listings and points of interest in cities across the state , sliding an on - screen place marker down the block here , moving another one across the street there .
Farther afield , he has mapped parts of Cambodia and Laos , where he likes to go on motorcycle trips .
Mr. Hintz said these acts of geo-volunteerism were motivated in part by self - interest : he wants to know where he ’s going .
But “ it has this added attraction that it helps others , ” he said .
Mr. Hintz is a foot soldier in an army of volunteer cartographers who are logging every detail of neighborhoods near and far into online atlases .
From Petaluma to Peshawar , these amateurs are arming themselves with GPS devices and easy - to - use software to create digital maps where none were available before , or fixing mistakes and adding information to existing ones .
No , Spot , you may not " has cheezburger . "
Not until you are able to ask in a manner that is gramatically correct and lacking typos .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Prince William spent a night sleeping rough on the streets of London last week to experience being homeless .
The royal bedded down in a sleeping bag next to a group of wheelie bins near Blackfriars bridge in an event organised by the homelessness charity Centrepoint .
The organisation 's chief executive , Seyi Obakin , slept next to the prince on their makeshift bed and said the " hairiest moment " came when they were almost run over by a road sweeper .
He wrote on the Centrepoint website : " For me , it was a scary experience .
Out of my comfortable bed .
Out there in the elements .
Out there on an extremely cold night , with temperatures down to minus 4 .
And it was the same for Prince William .
But he was determined to do it as [ Centrepoint ] patron in order to raise awareness of the problem and to be able to understand a little better what rough sleepers go through night after night . "
Obakin challenged the prince to experience being homeless for one night after William , in a speech to mark Centrepoint 's 40th anniversary this year , urged the charity to redouble its efforts to end youth homelessness .
The pair were joined on the sleep - out by William 's private secretary , Jamie Lowther - Pinkerton .
In a grainy photograph released by Centrepoint , the prince – dressed in jeans , trainers , a hooded top and a hat – can be seen standing next to Obakin with their bedding around them .
" We took as much precaution as possible – finding a relatively secluded spot in an alleyway , shielded partly by a collection of wheelie bins .
But there was no shielding from the bitter cold , or the hard concrete floor , or the fear of being accosted by drug dealers , pimps or those out to give homeless people a ' good kicking ' , " Obakin wrote .
" One of the hairiest moments occurred when we were almost run over by a road sweeper which simply did n't see our small group huddled together , which just goes to show how vulnerable rough sleepers are .
I have never been happier to welcome the break of dawn . "
The group bedded down just after midnight last Wednesday and slept until 6 am , when William rose for a tour of the West End to see where many young homeless people were sleeping .
A St James 's Palace spokesman said the trio got little sleep and dozed for short periods .
" Prince William took away from the experience the importance of tackling all the issues that cause people to be homeless and stay homeless , from drug dependency to mental health problems , " the spokesman said .
27 Club – it ’s a club that the famous are dying to get into , but unlike the nightspots and dives in Hollywood or New York , there ’s no bouncer .
Anyone can get in , and there is no cover charge .
As early as the 60’s fans began to notice their favorite rock stars were literally short lived .
In an industry noted for drug and alcohol induced lyrics it ’s almost a surprise when a musical artist actually manages to outlive their career .
The strange part is in the number who died at the age of 27 years .
Most were at the peak or just on the downside of their fame when fate made sure their fans would never see them grow old .
1. Membership fees waved : Brian Jones
Brian Jones of the Rolling Stones was born Lewis Brian Hopkin Jones on February 28th 1942 .
When eclectic clothing came in style during the 1960 ’s Brain was known for wearing the strangest outfits he could find , but he was also known for being an outstanding musician proficient in more than one instrument .
Of course , he was also known for his non -stop recreational drug use .
Jones is the one credited with come up with the name Rolling Stones and really being the moving force in getting the band started .
In the early days , the original band mates Keith Richards , Mick Jagger and Jones practical lived in each other ’s pocket sleeping on the low - rent side of London .
As their fame and pocketbooks grew so did their egos and the arguments started .
Jones was troubled with legal issues from his drug use , and mood swings .
The Rolling Stones had toured the U.S. success early in the decade and by 1969 , they wanted to tour again .
But not with Brian Jones as by that time their former friend was not only hard to live with his arrest from drug charges left him with a record which could bar them from traveling .
His health was deteriorating as well and when the band tried to record this was aptly demonstrated when his mouth started to bleed after a session of playing the harmonica .
The band forced him out , but allowed him to make the announcement he was leaving to save face .
Jones had taken on a bloated appearance by that time , but according to friends he was in a positive state of mind .
He was talking to other artists about getting another band together and contacted Ian Stewart and Jimmy Miller among others .
It was not to be .
Sometime around midnight on July 2nd Jones was found by his girlfriend Anna Wohlin and other friends where he was lying motionless at the bottom of his pool .
Anna insisted that when he was pulled out , he still had a pulse , but by the time doctors arrived Brian Jones was declared dead .
The ruling despite his drug damaged liver and heart was death by misadventure .
Jones was 27 years and 125 days old .
Brian Jones and Jimi Hendrix
Link
2. Touched the sky
James Marshall ‘ Jimi ” Hendrix was born November 27th 1942 and by the mid-1960 ’s , he was considered one of the greatest electric guitarists in rock music history .
He toured Europe and the United States .
Following his 1967 performance at the Monterey Pop Festival everyone knew Hendrix .
The band that backed him The Hendrix Experience short circuited in the glare of Hendrix ’s popularity and Hendrix wound up performing at Woodstock with a new group he ’d hired .
Nothing seemed to dim his fame .
On September 18th 1970 Jimi Hendrix died in London in what was at first reported as a suicide .
To this day stories keep changing as to how he died .
Foul play , suicide or overdose Hendrix was dead at 27 years and 295 days .
Jimi Hendrix
Link
3. Come on , Break our Heart
Janis Joplin was born on January 19 , 1943 in the tiny town of Port Arthur Texas , but her need for attention and her amazing talent took her far , far away from small town life .
As she moved up the ladder of success , she also discovered the effects of drugs .
Overweight as a teen she found drugs like amphetamine lost her the weight and gave her the energy to perform for long hours .
She rose to fame , but she did n’t get to ride it long .
Her last recordings were made in October of 1970 .
She was found dead in the Landmark Motor Hotel the change from her last fix still in the hand .
She was 27 years and 258 days old .
Janis Joplin
Link
4. Rider at the Door
James Douglas Jim Morrison was born on December 8 , 1943 .
Destined to be the lead singer for the Doors his behavior had always seemed erratic , but fame gave him an even more bizarre edge .
Morrison seemed to enjoy exploiting his own alleged emotional pangs while giving little thought to anyone else .
His rise to fame followed the predictable path and ended much the same .
After a drunken recording session , he was found dead in the bathtub of his Paris apartment by his girlfriend DEHE .
As there was no evidence of foul play no autopsy was done leading to speculation that continues to this day about what might have happened to the singer .
He was 27 years and 207 days old .
Jim Morrison ’s grave
Link
5. Straight to Nirvana
Kurt Cobain was born on February 20 , 1967 and he became the voice of Generation X .
He started out small in the Seattle grunge music scene which gained wider and wider recognition propelling Cobain ’s group Nirvana to fame .
By all accounts , this was n’t what Cobain had expected , and he was n’t comfortable with the attention .
The shy singer complained of lifelong troubles with his stomach , battled addiction and by all accounts was often in a state of combat with his wife the controversial musician Courtney Love as well .
Cobain was found dead a shotgun nearby .
His death was legally ruled a suicide , but many of his fans believe otherwise .
There ’s been much speculation regarding the contentious relationship with Love .
He was 27 years 44 days .
Kurt Cobain
Link
Of course these are just the headliners .
The over the top famous , there are many others before and since .
Is this the first ?
6. Louis Chauvin
Louis Chauvin was a well known ragtime musician who was born March 13 , 1881 and died of neurosyphilitic sclerosis at age 27 .
7 . Or is it a cross-roads curse ?
Robert Johnson famous bluesman whose 29 songs influenced generations of musicians who followed him and the artist was so good with the guitar , he inspired a legend .
According to the story Johnson , a young black man living in rural Mississippi desperately wanted success .
He was instructed to take his guitar to the crossroads near Dockery Plantation at midnight .
There he was met by large man allegedly the Devil himself who tuned Johnson ’s guitar .
The Devil then played some songs on the instrument before giving it back to Johnson .
This gave Johnson his unique abilities with the guitar at least according to the rumors the musician probably started himself .
In regard to the 27 Club some dismiss the earliest death that of Chauvin as being part of the genuine group and credit this Deal with the Devil as being the reason for the ‘ curse ’ .
Johnson at the height of his fame had a few enemies .
He was often in the company of women who were married , and his fame made others jealous enough of his good fortune to kill him .
In late 1938 it was not a surprise to friends when Johnson ’s body was found an apparent victim of strychnine poisoning .
He was as the legend points out just 27 years old .
Fact :
Did you know he sold his soul to devil ?
– Read story …
Robert Johnson
Link
And some more for the list :
8. Nat Jaffe
Nat Jaffe was a blues musician who had just become well known .
He died 1948 from high blood pressure at the age of 27 .
9. Malcolm Hale
Malcolm
Hale was just getting some singing gigs after being a member of Spanky and Our Gang when he was younger .
He died when a space heater went out in the room where Malcolm was sleeping filling his closed off sleeping area with carbon monoxide .
He was 27 years old .
10 . Ron McKernan
Ron McKernan also known as Pigpen was the founding member and keyboard artist for the Grateful Dead .
He died at age 27 from a hemorrhage probably caused by alcoholism .
Link
Fame is fleeting it is said , but for these artists it seems so unfair their time was cut so short .
What other music could Cobain , Joplin and Hendrix created if they ’d been given only a few more years .
Would the music world be any different if the 27 Club had a few less members ?
There are many more that have strangely died at the age of 27 and some die hard fans have a very difficult time accepting these tragedies as a complete coincidence .
Some find it especially strange how many of these cases are still unresolved in the public ’s mind .
It can leave a person wondering — will there be more to join the club , and perhaps more importantly when ?
Written by Kacey Stapleton – Copyrighted © www.weirdworm.com
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Seemingly anywhere PBR is had
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
And I just want all of you to know : you are all very hot .
Every Pitchfork - reading , farmer 's - market - shopping , liberal - arts - college - educated inch of you .
I know I can never be with you , cute hipster girl .
My bicycle has not only brakes , but multiple gears .
It is , in fact , a hybrid , the fanny pack of the bicycle world .
I am entirely free of tattoos .
My facial hair is patchy at best , so I am unable to grow a beard .
I live west of I - 35 .
I am not a member of a lo - fi shoegaze indie pop band that sometimes gigs at Progress Coffee , and indeed I can't play any musical instruments .
I can't even play the ukulele , the fanny pack of the indie rock world .
I find Wes Anderson somewhat tedious , and I have not read a single issue of McSweeney 's in anything even vaguely resembling its entirety .
My jeans do not hug my legs , and I do not have a single stylishly retro vest or hat in my closet .
I rarely listen to KUT or KVRX .
Although I own a Moleskine , I have to be honest with you —
I do n't really write in it that much .
I went to the Chuck Close show at the Austin Museum of Art and I 'm pretty sure I did n't get it .
I shop at HEB and not Wheatsville .
My appreciation of Hall and Oates is entirely non-ironic .
I occasionally eat meat .
But the biggest problem , hipster girl of Austin , is that you 're just too intimidating in your good taste and vaguely - counterculture - but - not - threateningly - eccentric hotness for me to ever work up the pluck to talk to you .
I know I will never be cool enough .
Le sigh .
But that 's okay .
You still brighten my vinyl happy hours at Waterloo Records and my Shangri - La visits .
Thank you , hipster girl .
You rock my world , and you make it look so easy .
Carry on with your Bianchi Pista self .
Like this story ?
Get the latest data center news by e-mail or RSS , or follow us on Twitter or Facebook .
The twice - a- year list of the Top 500 supercomputers documents the most powerful systems on the planet .
Many of these supercomputers are striking not just for their processing power , but for their design and appearance as well .
Here 's a look at the top finishers in the latest Top 500 list , which was released Monday , May 31 at the ISC10 conference .
JAGUAR , Oak Ridge National Laboratory
Jaguar is located at the Department of Energy ’s Oak Ridge Leadership Computing Facility in Tennessee , and retains the top spot in the latest ranking .
Jaguar was upgraded last year , helping it post a 1.75 petaflop performance speed running the Linpack benchmark .
The upgrade of Jaguar 's Cray XT5 from four - core to six - core processors , funded with $ 19.9 million under the Recovery Act , will enable scientific simulations for exploring solutions to climate change and the development of new energy technologies .
Jaguar now uses 37,376 six - core AMD Istanbul processors .
NEBULAE , China
Nebulae , which is located at the newly build National Supercomputing Centre in Shenzhen , China , achieved 1.271 PFlop / s running the Linpack benchmark , which puts it in the No. 2 spot on the TOP500 behind Jaguar .
This is the highest rank a Chinese system has ever achieved , topping last year 's fifth place showing by the Tianhe - 1 system .
Nebulae was built from a Dawning TC3600 Blade system with Intel X5650 processors and NVidia Tesla C2050 GPU .
Nebulae reports a theoretical peak capability of almost 3 petaflop / s , the highest ever on the TOP500 .
We do n't yet have images of the new system .
ROADRUNNER , Los Alamos National Laboratory
When the Roadrunner system at Los Alamos first appeared at the top of the June 2008 TOP500 list , it was the world ’s first supercomputer to achieve a top performance of more than 1 petaflop / s ( 1015 floating point operations per second ) .
This time around , Roadrunner recorded a performance of 1.04 petaflops , dropping from 1.105 petaflop /s in June 2009 due to a repartitioning of the system .
KRAKEN , National Institute for Computational Sciences
Kraken , another upgraded Cray XT5 system at the National Institute for Computational Sciences ( NICS ) , claimed the No. 3 position with a performance of 832 teraflops .
Kraken is used to enhance the efficiency of biofuels , develop more effective climate and weather modeling , and analyze disorders that throw the heart out of rhythm .
The NICS is a partnership between the University of Tennessee and Oak Ridge National Lab .
JUGENE , Juelich Supercomputing Centre , Germany
The Jugene supercomputer is housed at the Juelich Supercomputing Centre built on IBM BlueGene / p technology .
With its 72,000 processors , Jugene is used for very compute - intensive simulations in materials science , environmental research and particle physics .
See Pingdom for additional photos and data on Jugene .
PLEIADES , NASA Ames Research Center
Landing in the number 6 position in this year 's Top 500 was the Pleiades supercomputer at NASA 's Ames Research Center in Mountain View , Calif .
Pleiades is an SGI Altix ICE system with 14,080 Intel Xeon quad - core processors .
That comes to 56,320 cores in 110 racks , running at 544 teraflops .
NASA says Pleiades features the world 's largest InfiniBand interconnect network , which requires nearly 24 miles of cabling .
TIANHE -1 , China
Dropping from fifth to seventh is the Tianhe - 1 ( meaning River in Sky ) system installed at the National Super Computer Center in Tianjin , China and to be used to address research problems in petroleum exploration and the simulation of large aircraft designs .
The Tianhe - 1 is a hybrid design with Intel Xeon processors and AMD GPUs used as accelerators .
Each node consists of two AMD GPUs attached to two Intel Xeon processors .
There 's no public domain art of Tianhe - 1 , but you can visit China Defense Mashup to view their photos .
They Said It On A Podcast
Filed to : They Said It On A Podcast
Not all Xbox 360 Achievements or PlayStation 3 Trophies have unique names .
Many , in fact , have the same name .
Gaming site Giant Bomb figured out the most common ones .
Advertisement
The Giant Bomb guys put one of their engineers on the case , having him trawl through data collected by their website .
The site tracks Achievements , Trophies and similar accolades that are available through the Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 and the PC's Steam service .
The team announced the most common names during a recent podcast , acknowledging a caveat :
They would be double or triple - counting for some games that have the same Achievements in different editions or are on multiple platforms .
Here 's the list :
1 ) Untouchable — used in 55 games , according to the Giant Bomb guys .
Including in : Aegis Wing , Altered Beast , Beijing 2008 , Buzz Jr : Robo Jam , Call of Juarez , Conan , Contra , Defense Grid , Double Dragon , Dreamkiller , Facebreaker , F.E.A.R. 2 , Hail To The Chimp and more ...
Advertisement
2) Hero — used in 30 games
3 ) Veteran - used in 28 games
4 ) Survivor - used in 27 games
5 ) Treasure Hunter - used in 19 games
Other common ones include : Collector , Legend , Winning Streak , Sniper , Champion , Team Player , Death From Above , Sharpshooter , Collateral Damage , Pack Rat , Completionist , Exterminator , and Perfectionist
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Note to developers :
If you 're really having trouble figuring out unique names for Achievements , try reading more Kotaku for inspiration .
Advertisement
Giant Bombcast : 12/08/09
[ PIC ]
A strong earthquake has struck parts of Taiwan , rattling buildings in the capital , Taipei , although there are no initial reports of serious casualties .
The earthquake was measured at a magnitude of 6.4 by the US Geological Survey .
It was centred off the east coast of Taiwan , about 25 km ( 12 miles ) south - east of Hualien , at a depth of 45 km .
Taiwan is regularly hit by minor tremors although an earthquake in 1999 killed almost 2,500 people .
No tsunami alert was immediately given by the Pacific Tsunami Warning Centre .
Local media reported the collapse of one building near Taipei , where structures shook for about 30 seconds .
The reports spoke of four minor casualties in the capital and suspensions of some rail networks .
A former waitress is expected to expand on allegations of a sexual relationship with the South Australian Premier Mike Rann in a paid television interview tonight .
Michelle Chantelois has made the claims to a Channel Seven current affairs program .
" There was sex involved , " she said .
" I 'm taking responsibility for my own bad behaviour and Mike Rann should take responsibility for his own bad behaviour . "
Ms Chantelois is the estranged wife of Richard Phillips , the man who allegedly assaulted the Premier at a function in October .
Mr Rann has admitted to being friends with Ms Chantelois when she worked at Parliament House but his office has denied there was a sexual relationship .
The Premier says he is waiting to see tonight 's interview before commenting further .
" I 'm going to be making a full statement on Monday .
I have n't seen the allegations , " he said .
" But I will say this :
What I have been told is wildly sensational . "
Last month , Mr Rann said he had been stalked , attacked and received death threats .
He said he was frustrated that he was unable to " clear the air " because matters were before the police .
Mr Rann faces a state election in March .
Labor rallies
Meanwhile , Labor MPs are closing ranks behind Mr Rann , with frontbencher Tom Koutsantonis saying he has the party 's full support .
" The Premier 's been an excellent premier for South Australia , with record investment in rail , record investment in defence industries , $ 44 billion rebuilding our schools , rebuilding our hospitals , " he said .
" I think he 's been one of the greatest premier 's South Australia 's ever had and I do n't think people are interested in this sort of thing . "
Ms Chantelois 's lawyer says his client is under enormous pressure and has considered it best for her family to deal with the issue by way of exclusive interviews .
He says his client has also spoken to a women 's magazine .
U.S. Homes Powered Partially by Russian Nuclear Weapons
It ’s a relatively unknown fact of the U.S. power industry : energy from dismantled nuclear bombs accounts for about 10 percent of the electricity that powers our homes every day .
The weapons , including Russian ones , have been an integral part of our energy industry since the end of the cold war .
And now , the supply of diluted weapons - grade uranium is running low .
The utilities in charge of America ’s nuclear reactors are anxiously awaiting the outcome of President Obama ’s efforts to finalize a new arms treaty – for them , it could mean the difference between using cheap , readily available uranium and going the significantly more expensive route of enriching raw uranium .
Megatons to Megawatts , as the program for dismantling and reusing the fuel cores of decommissioned weapons is known – is set to expire in 2013 .
Since its inception , American utilities with nuclear power plants have been able to offer drastically reduced energy prices due to the abundance of fuel .
Soon , they may be forced to turn to domestic imports of uranium , which could bump prices up .
But with the U.S. and Russia still in talks to drastically reduce nuclear arms and to continue diluting Russia ’s highly enriched uranium after Megatons to Megawatts expires , American utilities may indeed be able to continue offering nuclear energy as an alternative to coal - powered energy plants .
Woman Gives Birth on Southwest Flight
The baby boy was delivered with the help of a doctor aboard the airplane .
Dec. 4 , 2009  --
A woman flying on a Southwest Airlines flight Friday entered a whole different type of a mile - high club :
She gave birth to a baby boy at about 30,000 feet over the country .
Southwest Airlines flight 441 from Chicago 's Midway Airport to Salt Lake City was about 100 miles north of Denver when the pilot asked if anyone onboard had medical training .
A doctor and two nurses on board helped deliver the baby at the back of the plane with the help of flight attendants and an in - flight medical radio service .
" We now have a new passenger , " a flight attendant announced on the jet 's public address system , according to KMGH .
Stay Up to Date on the Latest Travel Trends from ABC News on Twitter
The doctor , John Saran of Illinois , was heading to Park City for a ski vacation .
In an interview with ABC News , he said that the flight crew was " great . "
The group escorted the woman to the plane 's rear galley for privacy .
" We thought we were going to have enough time before landing before the baby came , " Saran said .
" It went smoothly , the mother was great , it was an easy delivery , everything went in a normal manner . "
" We used the shoe strings , actually the shoe strings from my shoes to tie the umbilical cord so this new baby , " Saran added .
A pair of children 's scissors was eventually used to cut the cord .
The doctor said he heard the baby was due in January , maybe about a month early .
He said the baby was about five pounds .
The plane made an emergency medical landing at Denver International Airport , where the plane was met by medical personnel .
The mother and her baby were taken off the plane and taken to the Medical Center of Aurora , where a spokeswoman says they 're doing fine .
" It sounded like everything went pretty regular -- nothing out of the ordinary , " Denver Fire Division Chief Charles McMillan told ABC affiliate KMGH - TV in Denver .
The baby 's father and other children in the family who were on the flight also got off the plane in Denver .
The names of the family members were not immediately released .
The flight continued on to Salt Lake City without any further incident .
Southwest spokesman Beth Harbin told ABC
News : " You know how these things go -- babies have their own timetable " .
Harbin said a decision to fly during pregnancy is " between a mom and her doctor . "
Birth on Airplanes Is Rare
It is far more likely that somebody will die on your flight than give birth -- 26 times as likely .
A study of 10,189 medical emergencies aboard European flights between 2002 and 2007 by German researchers found only two births but 52 deaths .
Southwest does offer written guidance for pregnant passengers that " strongly recommends against air travel after the 38th week of pregnancy . "
" While air travel does not usually cause problems during pregnancy unless delivery is expected within 14 days or less , in some cases , traveling by air has been known to cause complications or premature labor , " the airline states on its Web site .
" Female customers at any stage of pregnancy should consult with their physicians prior to air travel . "
Southwest also says that depending on their physical condition , strength and agility , pregnant women may , in some cases , be asked not to sit in an emergency exit seat .
Nothing in the policy specifically bans them from flying .
The Air Transport Association , the airlines ' trade group , said it is an infrequent occurrence that somebody gives birth on a plane and said that airlines are as prepared as can be .
Airlines have protocols in place for medical emergencies , including child birth .
Airlines set their own policy as to how far advanced a woman can be in her pregnancy and when a doctor 's express approval is required .
Most U.S. airlines place no restrictions on travel during the first eight months of pregnancy ; some require a doctor 's certificate stating the due date and that the woman is fit to travel .
Of the association 's members , four require a doctor 's certificate within seven days of the due date ; one requires it within 14 days and three require it within 30 days ) .
When a pregnant woman flies , the Air Transport Association said , she should keep her circulation moving by doing foot and ankle exercises in her seat and getting up to walk down the aisle when it is safe to do so .
Keeping hydrated is also important .
The flight was almost completely full with 123 passengers out of a possible 137 onboard .
There were also three flight attendants and the two pilots on the Boeing 737 .
And for those wondering : in this type of situation , the baby is usually give a birth certificate in the state where the plane lands .
With reports from ABC News ' Desiree Adib and Dan Childs .
Scrambled connections between the part of the brain that processes fear and emotion and other brain regions could be the hallmark of a common anxiety disorder , according to a new study from the Stanford University School of Medicine .
The findings could help researchers identify biological differences between types of anxiety disorders as well as such disorders as depression .
The study , which will be published Dec. 7 in the Archives of General Psychiatry , examined the brains of people with generalized anxiety disorder , or GAD , a psychiatric condition in which patients spend their days in a haze of worry over everyday concerns .
Researchers have known that the amygdala , a pair of almond - sized bundles of nerve fibers in the middle of the brain that help process emotion , memory and fear , are involved in anxiety disorders like GAD .
But the Stanford study is the first to peer close enough to detect neural pathways going to and from subsections of this tiny brain region .
Such small - scale observations are important for understanding the brains of people with psychiatric disorders , said Duke University neuroscientist Kevin LaBar , PhD , who was not involved in the research .
" If we want to distinguish GAD from other anxiety disorders , we might have to look at these subregions instead of the general signal from this area , " he said .
" It 's methodologically really impressive . "
To get close enough to discern one region of the amygdala from another , Stanford psychiatry resident Amit Etkin , MD , PhD , and his colleagues focused on " regions of interest " defined by detailed anatomical studies of human brains .
They recruited 16 people with GAD and 17 psychologically healthy participants and scanned their brains using functional magnetic resonance imaging , which measures blood - flow fluctuations caused by changes in activity in different regions of the brain .
Each person spent eight minutes in the fMRI scanner , letting their minds wander .
The researchers analyzed the resulting data to determine which areas were connected -- that is , which regions were likely to activate in tandem .
They first looked at one subregion , the basolateral amygdala , which sits at the base of the amygdala .
In healthy participants , they found that the subregion was linked to the occipital lobe at the rear of the brain , the temporal lobes beneath the ears and the prefrontal cortex just behind the forehead .
These regions are associated with visual and auditory processing , as well as with memory and high - level emotional and cognitive functions .
The other subregion , known as the centromedial amygdala and found at the top of the amygdala , was associated with subcortical , or deeper , areas of the brain .
These connections included the thalamus , which controls information flow throughout the brain and helps regulate alertness from its perch in the midbrain ; the brain stem , which regulates heart rate , breathing and release of neurotransmitters like serotonin and dopamine ; and the densely wrinkled cerebellum , which sits behind the brain stem and controls motor coordination .
The associations corroborated what anatomical studies in animals have found , said Etkin , the lead author of the study .
The team also analyzed resting fMRI data from 31 more healthy people and found similar results .
advertisement
But in people with GAD , the scans revealed another pattern .
The two regions still sent emissaries to their separate targets , but the lines of communication were muddled .
" The basolateral amygdala was less connected with all of its targets and more connected with centromedial targets , " Etkin said .
" And the centromedial was less connected with its normal targets and more connected with the basolateral targets . "
The researchers also found that both amygdala regions had less connectivity to the region of the brain responsible for determining the importance of stimuli .
This could mean that people with the disorder have a harder time discerning truly worrisome situations from mild annoyances .
At the same time , the amygdala was more connected to a cortical executive - control network previously found to exert cognitive control over emotion .
The cognitive control connection might explain why GAD is characterized by obsessive worry , Etkin said .
People with the disorder feel overwhelmed by emotion and do n't believe they can feel sad or upset without coming completely undone .
So , in an attempt to avoid facing their unpleasant feelings , they distract themselves by fretting .
Such overthinking may work in the short term but becomes problematic over time .
Researchers can't say for sure whether the connectivity abnormalities came first or whether excessive worrying shaped the brain by reinforcing particular neural pathways .
Still , the patterns uncovered by neurological scans could one day help psychiatrists diagnose and treat the disease .
" This is a nice example of neurology and psychiatry joining forces , " said Michael Greicius , MD , assistant professor of neurology and neurological sciences at Stanford and senior author of the paper .
The next step , said Etkin , is to study patients with other anxiety disorders and with depression .
That will allow researchers to see if patterns of amygdala connectivity differ between disorders .
If they do , brain scans could one day become additional diagnostic tools for disorders with symptoms that often overlap .
The research was funded by the National Institutes of Health and the residency - research program of the Veterans Affairs Palo Alto Health Care System .
Co-authors of the paper are research assistant Katherine Keller Prater ; Alan Schatzberg , MD , the Kenneth T. Norris , Jr. Professor and chair of psychiatry and behavioral sciences ; and Vinod Menon , PhD , associate professor of psychiatry and behavioral sciences .
Auf dem 26 .
Chaos Communication Congress des Chaos Computer Club in Berlin hat gestern das Transparenz - Projekt Wikileaks.org eine Reformidee für Island präsentiert .
Der Staat ist in Folge der Finanzkrise beinahe Pleite .
Auf Wikileaks wurden im Sommer detaillierte Informationen publiziert , welche Staatsbürger Islands für die Pleite mitverantwortlich sind und mit Insiderinformationen kurz vor dem Zusammenbruch von isländischen Banken rund fünf Milliarden Dollar außer Landes geschafft haben .
In dem kleinen Staat mit rund 300.000 Einwohnern , wo fast jeder jeden kennt , waren das brisante Informationen , die Transparenz geschaffen haben .
Wikileaks.org erhielt daraufhin in Island eine Menge Aufmerksamkeit und die beiden Projekt - Mitarbeiter Daniel Schmidt und Julian Assange wurden vor wenigen Wochen in die bekannteste TV - Show des Landes eingeladen , um über ihr Projekt zu reden .
Vorher kam ihnen eine Idee : Warum nutzt Island nicht die Krise des politischen Systems und erfindet sich neu ?
Die Idee eines Datenfreihafens entstand , eine Art “ Schweiz für Bits ” .
Warum nicht die besten Gesetze aus verschiedenen Staaten zusammen mixen und eine neue gesetzliche Grundlage für ein digitales Island schaffen ?
Aus Belgien könnte man Gesetze zum Schutz von Journalisten nehmen , aus Schweden die bewährten Gesetze , die Provider nicht für Inhalte verantwortlich machen und aus den USA den ersten Verfassungsgrundsatz , der die Meinungsfreiheit schützt .
Diese Normen würden gute Vorlagen bieten und wären in der Praxis schon erprobt .
Alles zusammen schüfe einen Rahmen , der Transparenz und Informationsfreiheit verbindet .
Die reichhaltigen lokalen Energie - Ressourcen böten dazu die die Möglichkeit , einen solchen Datenfreihafen , der viele Rechenzentren braucht , auch noch ökologisch zu betreiben .
In der TV - Show präsentierten die beiden live ihre Idee , die viel mediale und politische Aufmerksamkeit nach sich zog .
Mittlerweile arbeiten Juristen an einer Gesetzesvorlage , die schon Ende Januar präsentiert werden soll .
Die Idee , Island zu einem weltweiten “ data haven ” zu machen , ist nicht neu , auch die dortige Regierung hat entsprechende Überlegungen bereits angestellt .
Das politische Klima könnte nun dafür sorgen , dass sie Realität wird , wie Wikileaks optimistisch analysiert .
Zumindest aber sollte es genutzt werden , finden die Macher .
Ihr Motto : “ Never waste a crisis . ”
The ClimateGate Virus
Thanks to Jorn in Germany for the graphic ( with my additions )
The collateral damage from the emails is large
ClimateGate does n’t just bring down the scientists who wrote the emails , it brings down all the institutions and organizations that were supposed to have exacting standards and ought to have exposed the crimes years ago .
The men whose work was so bogus , were lauded by the IPCC , published in Nature and Science , and defended by the National Academy of Science .
This evidence of collusion , falsification , hiding data , and consistent deceit blows away the infrastructures of the practice of science .
It does n’t hurt the scientific method , but it destroys the premise that the IPCC expert review means anything , that peer review is capable of even picking up outright fraud , and that the National Academy of Science is functional .
… the journals , the famous peer review , the committees with international reviewers : they have also been exposed as corrupted .
In other words , all the human processes of science , the journals , the famous peer review , the committees with international reviewers : they have also been exposed as corrupted to some degree .
This is much more than just the downfall of three or four men .
Of the 26 names on the Copenhagen Diagnosis , 12 are connected to the email scandal .
It implicates almost half the lead team .
The IPCC only had 60 reviewers of the one chapter that matters ( Chapter Nine ) , and some of them reviewed their own work , many had vested interests , and now a significant number have been caught by the scandal .
The legal claws means it wo n’t just “ go away ”
Phil Jones has stepped down pending an investigation .
Michael Mann is now under investigation by Pennsylvania State University .
Competitive Enterprise Institute ( CEI ) had their attorneys file three Notices of Intent to File Suit against NASA .
Chris Horner , representing CEI , said the NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies failed to comply with the Freedom of Information Act for the past three years .
We ’ve discussed some more criminal charges in detail .
And just to complete the picture of widespread carbon - corruption , the top two auditors of carbon - permits have been suspended in the last 12 months .
UPDATE : Europol story that Carbon Credit Fraud costs $ 5 billion
The European Union ( EU ) Emission Trading System ( ETS ) has been the victim of fraudulent traders in the past 18 months .
This resulted in losses of approximately 5 billion euros for several national tax revenues .
It is estimated that in some countries , up to 90 % of the whole market volume was caused by fraudulent activities .
( Thanks to Springer ) .
Scientists are speaking out
Prominent long time climate scientists and UN scientists are speaking out .
Dr Petr Chylek who has published over 100 papers says , “ We can not blame it on a few irresponsible individuals .
The entire esteemed climate research community has to take responsibility . ”
Top ranking physicists are speaking out against their association .
( And CBS is even covering it . )
There is inflammable material in the path
The burning fuse that has been lit by ClimateGate may eventually spread to take down editors and publishers of popular magazines and mainstream media .
As the public learn the news from friends , blogs , and community newspapers , some publications will be left behind .
The credibility of some mastheads may never recover .
Being the victim of a well intentioned exaggeration is vastly different from falling to a predetermined malicious fraud .
The thing that makes the ClimateGate mix so powerful is that it taps into a universal human attribute .
Being the victim of a well intentioned exaggeration is vastly different from falling to a predetermined malicious fraud .
There is energy from the masses that would fuel a rebellion .
Behind the scenes , well connected businessmen in California , surgeons in Sydney , lawyers in the UK , and top ranking physicists are emailing and linking up .
Networks of graphic designers , movie makers , and animators are planning ways to fight back .
No one can keep the largest scam in history a secret .
But the major movers and brains behind this must know that too .
That ’s why I ’m still very afraid that they will get a deal done .
Those with billions resting on the table know that this is their last chance to salvage game - changing profits .
People everywhere , you need to let your elected representatives know , before it ’s too late , that any deal done in Copenhagen is based on fraud ; that voters will come to know it ; that the masses will revolt .
I was speaking to Australian Senators and their staff last night .
The thousands of messages they received last week from furious voters made a big impact .
Their staffers were overwhelmed .
If you think you are safe because you have faith that your congress or senate will protect you , think again .
If most of the big nations “ agree ” , they will push with everything they have to force your country to join in , even if its citizens do n’t want too .
There is no way they ’ll want you to have that unbridled competitive advantage .
How could one or two nations stand against the trade forces of the rest ?
UPDATE Friday 12:46 WST : Europol story that Carbon Credit Fraud costs $ 5 billion .
See above .
( Thanks to Springer who has a great quote about carbon credits on his site . )
CONTACTS FOR ELECTED REPRESENTATIVES
AUSTRALIA : A list of Australian Members and Senators is here .
( Thanks Allen )
CANADA : Members of the Canadian House of Commons .
The names of the 105 members of the Canadian Senate .
( Thanks Neil )
HUNGARY : Parlament List ( Thanks Attila ) .
NETHERLANDS : parliament list .
( Thanks Arnold ) .
NZ : Here is the PDF list for New Zealand .
( Thanks Rereke . )
SWEDEN : Parliamentary emails .
( Thanks Ahrvid ) .
UK : MPs and Lords .
( Thanks Phillip )
USA : Here are links to the names of Representatives and Senators here in the U.S. The House of Representatives .
The Senate site .
The president .
( Thanks Roy . )
Unfortunately they all require contact through their web sites .
Both Senate and Congress have a way to look up the name of the Representative by zip code or Senators by state and then get to the individual web site .
They no longer permit direct email .
Their web sites also give a phone number .
Send me the links to pages of contacts for your elected members .
I ’ll post them .
Every country that stays out of the deal is a win for us .
This deal needs to be global .
They know it .
ClimateGate News .
( Lord Monckton ’s new blog on SPPI )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 10.0/10 ( 2 votes cast )
Not the other way around .
You want to know the smartest move for you and your money .
That means having answers to questions like :
​ Should I put more money down on the purchase ?
Should I pay extra principal payments on my mortgage ?
Anders Celsius
Born : 27 - Nov-1701
Birthplace : Uppsala , Sweden
Died : 25 - Apr-1744
Location of death : Uppsala , Sweden
Cause of death : Tuberculosis
Remains : Buried , Gamla Uppsala Kyrkogård , Uppsala , Sweden
Gender : Male
Race or Ethnicity : White
Occupation : Astronomer
Nationality : Sweden
Executive summary : Astronomer , invented centigrade scale
Swedish astronomer , born at Uppsala on the 27th of November 1701 .
He occupied the chair of astronomy in the university of his native town from 1730 to 1744 , but traveled during 1732 and some subsequent years in Germany , Italy and France .
At Nuremberg he published in 1733 a collection of 316 observations of the aurora borealis made by himself and others 1716 - 32 .
In Paris he advocated the measurement of an arc of the meridian in Lapland , and took part , in 1736 , in the expedition organized for the purpose by the French Academy .
Six years later he described the centigrade thermometer in a paper read before the Swedish Academy of Sciences .
His death occurred at Uppsala on the 25th of April 1744 .
He wrote : Nova Methodus distantiam solis a terra determinandi ( 1730 ) ;
De observationibus pro figura telluris determinanda ( 1738 ) ; besides many less important works .
Father : Nils Celsius
Professor : Professor of Astronomy , University of Uppsala ( 1730 - 44 )
Units of Measure temperature
Lunar Crater Celsius
Swedish Ancestry
Author of books :
Dissertatio de Nova Methodo Distantiam Solis a Terra Determinandi ( 1730 )
De Observationibus pro Figura Telluris Determinanda in Gallia Habitis , Disquisitio ( 1738 )
Do you know something we do n't ?
Submit a correction or make a comment about this profile
An in - the - closet lesbian mother has sued Netflix for publishing data that she believes could be used to out her .
The unnamed Ohio woman claims her privacy was invaded when the movie rental company disclosed insufficiently anonymous information on the viewing habits of 480,000 customers as part of a $ 1 m contest to improve its recommendation system .
By connecting a series of digital dots , it 's possible for anyone with access to the data to identify customers by name , giving the more than 50,000 contestants an intimate glimpse into data Netflix promised to keep private , the suit contends .
" Although Netflix touted its privacy protections to induce consumers to become subscribers , Netflix failed to disclose that it would release the movie titles , genres , rental dates , and ratings they assigned to movies , along with other information about their rentals - without consent - as fodder for a contest to improve the predictive value of their recommendation system , " according to the complaint , which was filed last week in US District Court in San Jose , California .
The allegations are n't the first time a large internet company has been accused of breaching customer privacy when releasing data it claimed was anonymized .
In 2006 , AOL released 20 million search queries from 658,000 users .
Although the company removed names and other personal information , the disclosure proved to be a debacle after privacy advocates showed the data could still be used to identify the people making the searches .
Anonymized data collected from GPS - enabled devices may not be as anonymous as many expect , either , according to research published earlier this year .
Shortly after Netflix released the data in 2006 , researchers from the University of Texas used it to identify several Netflix customers by comparing their anonymized reviews to ones posted on the Internet Movie Database .
The researchers also made educated guesses about the customers ' politics and sexual orientation .
The lawsuit refers to the process as the Brokeback Mountain factor .
The suit , which was filed on behalf of the Ohio mother and several other Netflix customers , alleges the disclosure violates the company 's terms of service .
Netflix representatives did n't respond to a message requesting comment .
The suit was reported earlier by Wired.com , which has more here . ®
ASCII art is just one of those wonderful retro throwbacks to the earliest days of computing .
So , if you ’re looking for a nostalgic return to the the days of BBS , MUD , and IRC , and perhaps a little bored at school or work , why not watch the entirety of Star Wars Episode IV : A New Hope discretely thanks to being rendered entirely in ASCII art ?
Yea seriously , you read that right , you can watch Star Wars in ASCII art , so live your wildest dreams because we ’ve got you covered here , thanks to a fully rendered ASCII version of the movie that you can access with Telnet via your command line of just about any modern operating system with a command prompt .
In Mac OS X , Linux , unix , and even windows , all you need to do is launch the Terminal or appropriate command prompt and type the following :
telnet towel.blinkenlights.nl
Now just sit back , relax , and enjoy Star Wars , all drawn in ASCII art , subtitled and all .
Now , I ’ll be very impressed if you can get through the entire thing , but I ’m sure many do .
And yes seriously this works on any platform with a telnet client , so even if you ’re not going for the nostalgia because you ’re actually stuck in 1993 with Windows 3.11 , as long as you have a telnet client , your life can be saved with Star Wars : A New Hope .
Oh , the joy of ASCII , what would we do without thee ?
And yes this is obviously ridiculous and retro , and so incredibly silly I almost did n’t post it , but it ’s Friday so what the hey …
UPDATE : One of the 23 American citizens convicted in an Italian court of kidnapping a Muslic cleric in 2003 says the CIA “ broke the law ” when it ordered the operation .
Sabrina DeSousa , a former CIA operative , told ABC News that the agency and the US government “ betrayed and abandoned ” her and the other US government employees who orchestrated the kidnapping as part of the CIA ’s extraordinary rendition program , which saw terrorism suspects shipped to countries where they could be tortured within the confines of local law .
ADVERTISEMENT
DeSousa a said she and the 22 other defendants in the case “ are paying for the mistakes right now , whoever authorized and approved this . ”
ABC News reports :
Representative Pete Hoekstra ( R - MI ) , a member of the House Intelligence Committee told ABC News that the trial was a disaster for CIA officers like DeSousa on the frontline .
“ I think these people have been put out there .
They ’ve been hung out to dry .
They ’re taking the fall potentially for a decision that was made by their superiors in our agencies .
It ’s the wrong place to go . ”
ORIGINAL STORY FOLLOWS BELOW
Twenty three Americans have been convicted in absentia , after an Italian court found them guilty of kidnapping in the CIA rendition of a Muslim cleric , the Associated Press reports .
Three other Americans were acquitted .
ADVERTISEMENT
The New York Times reported earlier today , “ Italian prosecutors have charged the American officials , all but one of them alleged to be agents of the Central Intelligence Agency , and seven members of the Italian military intelligence agency , in the abduction of Osama Moustafa Hassan Nasr , known as Abu Omar , on Feb. 17 , 2003 .
Prosecutors say the cleric was snatched in broad daylight , flown from an American air base in Italy to a base in Germany and then on to Egypt , where he claims he was tortured . ”
According to the Times , “ The Italian counterterrorism prosecutor Armando Spataro is seeking 13 - year jail terms for Jeff Castelli , a former C.I.A. station chief in Rome , and Nicolò Pollari , a former head of Italian military intelligence , for their suspected roles in the abduction .
He is seeking 12 - year terms for Robert Seldon Lady , who as C.I.A. station chief in Milan is accused of having coordinated the operation , and Sabrina De Souza , who worked in the United States Embassy in Rome and is accused of having worked closely with Mr. Lady . ”
Charges against Pollari and his deputy , as well as three other Italian defendants , were dropped “ because Italy withheld evidence , contending it was classified information . ”
Pollari is also known as the Italian official who first brought to the attention of the White House claims that Saddam Hussein had attempted to purchase uranium from Niger .
ADVERTISEMENT
Lady , a veteran of covert CIA operations in Latin America during Iran - Contra , was given the longest sentence , but his whereabouts are currently unknown .
Lady said of the kidnapping in an interview last spring , “ Of course it was an illegal operation .
But that ’s our job . ”
He also claimed , “ ” I am not guilty .
I am only responsible for following an order I received from my superiors . ”
The Times notes that the case , which has been going on for three years , is the first to challenge the legality of the practice of “ extraordinary rendition ” and is “ widely seen as a referendum on Bush administration foreign policy . ”
The government of Premier Silvio Berlusconi , however , has refused to seek extradition of any of the Americans , making it questionable whether the guilty verdicts can be enforced .
The US has given up hope of reaching a global climate change treaty at Copenhagen and is working towards a deal late next year , the Obama administration said today .
The decision ends hopes of a legally binding deal being sealed next month .
" We have to be honest in the process and deal with the realities that we do n't have time in these four weeks to put the language together and flesh out every crossed t and dotted i of a treaty , " said John Kerry , who chairs the Senate foreign relations committee .
Todd Stern , the state department climate change envoy , agreed .
" It does n't look like it's on the cards for December , " he said .
" We should make progress towards a political agreement that hits each of the main elements . "
The scaling back of US ambitions follows a growing international consensus that a binding legal agreement on global warming could not be reached at Copenhagen – now just 32 days away .
The US shift resets expectations for what will be accomplished at Copenhagen , once billed by the UN as a last chance to avoid catastrophic global warming .
Stern , in comments to the house foreign relations committee today , said his comments playing down prospects for a binding treaty at Copenhagen reflected the views of senior US politicians including Ed Markey , the author of a climate change bill passed in June .
Stern insisted that negotiators were intent on producing a blueprint in Copenhagen that would lead to a binding legal agreement " perhaps next year or as soon as possible " .
He said : " We want something beyond certainly a declaration that we are going to keep working on this .
We want a real agreement . "
However , the UN secretary general , Ban Ki-moon , said today that a delay of a year before a legally binding treaty was signed would be too long , given the threat posed by greenhouse gas emissions .
Kerry , speaking at a National Journal seminar , said he was looking for countries to begin to put in place firm commitments at Copenhagen that would then be enshrined in international law by the end of 2010 .
" What I am looking for is a binding and real political agreement where the world comes together in Copenhagen with an agreement for fixed reductions that are measurable , verifiable and reportable
Then you set either a June or July date or the Mexico date in December next year and work on the language in that year . "
However , Kerry acknowledged even that scaled back notion of success hinged on the US Congress passing a climate change law , which seems unlikely because of strong Republican opposition to the possible costs of emissions cuts .
As chair of the foreign relations committee , Kerry will play a pivotal role in getting any treaty ratified by the Senate .
He said he was working with a Republican senator , Lindsey Graham , and the one - time Democrat Joe Lieberman to build support for the bill among Republicans and conservative Democrats .
The three were meeting later today with the White House , the energy secretary , Stephen Chu , and the interior secretary , Ken Salazar , to craft a bill that would pass in the Senate — and have the support of the Obama administration .
Kerry said the reduced role for Copenhagen could work out to the world 's advantage — allowing extra time for America , China , and the international community to co-ordinate their efforts .
" The president can go China next week , sit with the Chinese and make clear what he is prepared to do , make clear what the Senate is prepared do .
What the house has done has been made clear .
so you are in a range , and the Chinese and everyone else enter into a political agreement which does not have the force of law till a year later , " he said .
" We in effect have sealed a deal , " he said .
" It works out be a fairly logicial step by step incremental process "
In Barcelona , at the last negotiating meeting before Copenhagen , rich countries piled pressure on Africa not to derail the climate talks after the poorest countries in the world shocked the UN by walking out of the official talks , demanding that their concerns be met .
The chair of the Africa group of nations , Kamel Djemouai , was recalled from Barcelona by the Algerian government and other African delegations reportedly received " strong " phone calls from their capitals urging them not to imperil the last negotiations before Copenhagen .
Algeria admitted that its negotiator had been recalled but it was denied that this was related to Africa 's stand .
The African bloc complained that rich nations ' carbon cuts were far too small to avoid catastrophic climate change , and refused to participate until more was done .
The move forced the UN to abandon several sessions and reschedule others to give rich countries more time to debate emissions cuts .
Countries have agreed to devote 60 % of the remaining time to those discussions .
France has been supportive of Africa 's position ahead of the climate change talks in Copenhagen .
But French negotiators are known to have been angered and dismayed by the African move .
" They are shooting themselves in the foot , " said one French diplomat .
SEE HOW MUCH
YOU CAN SAVE First Name :* Last Name :* State : Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut DistrictOfColumbia Florida Illinois Indiana Iowa Kentucky Louisiana Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Mexico New York North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Dakota Tennessee Texas Vermont Virginia Washington City : Phone :* Email :*
What 's total unsecured debt ? *
Select Amount None $ 5,000 $ 7,500 - 10,000 $ 10,000 - 15,000 $ 15,000 - 20,000 $ 20,000 - 25,000 $ 25,000 - 30,000 $ 30,000 - 35,000 $ 35,000 - 40,000 $ 40,000 - 45,000 $ 45,000 - 50,000 $ 50,000 - 55,000 $ 55,000 - 60,000 $ 60,000 - 65,000 $ 65,000 - 70,000 $ 70,000 - 75,000 $ 75,000 +
What 's total unsecured *
Select Amount None $ 5,000 $ 7,500 - 10,000 $ 10,000 - 15,000 $ 15,000 - 20,000 $ 20,000 - 25,000 $ 25,000 - 30,000 $ 30,000 - 35,000 $ 35,000 - 40,000 $ 40,000 - 45,000 $ 45,000 - 50,000 $ 50,000 - 55,000 $ 55,000 - 60,000 $ 60,000 - 65,000 $ 65,000 - 70,000 $ 70,000 - 75,000 $ 75,000 +
Type of debt :* Select Debt
Only personal debt
Only business debt Both personal and business debt ( Min.Debt : $ 5,000.00 ) Enter Captcha : Testimonials " I can not begin to express my gratitude for saving me several court appearances , garnished wages , and about $ 30,000 . "
- Mike Barrett
You handled this debt in a fast and cheap way after years of bill collectors trying to make us feel guilty of something we did n't create .
- Cesar Gomez Client settles $ 21,000 medical
debt on his credit card account .
Watch Video
FREE CONSULTATION :
1.800.213.9968 Home Contact Us Sitemap Legal Disclaimer
By completing our online form , you are requesting that our financial consulting service contact you to provide you with a complimentary , confidential financial consultation and evaluation of your debt .
We shall contact you by email or phone regardless of your status on the national Do Not Call List ( DNC ) .
Completion of our online form does not mean that you are pre-qualified or approved by any debt relief program .
Depending on your financial situation , we may refer you to a third party debt relief service provider , bankruptcy lawyer , or enroll you in our debt settlement program .
Savings results will vary on an individual basis .
We do not guarantee or predict any savings outcome , or that your debt will be lowered by a specific amount , or paid off within a specific timeframe .
We do not assume tax debt , make monthly payments to creditors , or provide tax , bankruptcy , accounting , or legal advice , or credit repair services .
You must read and understand all program materials prior to enrollment , including potential adverse impact to your credit rating .
We do not advocate that you stop making minimum payments to creditors .
Not making regular monthly payments to creditors while enrolled in any debt management service can adversely affect your credit standing .
It may also cause your debt to increase due to the potential accrual of interest charges and fees .
Creditors also reserve the right to continue collection efforts , which may include phone calls and collection letters by the original creditor or the assigned third - party collection agency or attorney , and potential liens and garnishments .
We recommend that you consider all financial aid alternatives including grants , scholarships , and federal student loans prior to comparing private student loans .
We are not responsible for any damage or loss you may incur from any inaccuracy , incompleteness or timeliness of information on this site .
We are not responsible for the content of other sites that our site may link to and do not endorse any information , material , products or services of those sites .
Any implied and not implied content on our site is not a guarantee of any kind .
We are not liable for any loss , injury , or damages resulting from your use or access of this site .
As such , we waive all claims against us and our affiliates and contributors .
By using our corporate site , you unconditionally agree to not hold us or our affiliates and contributors liable for any loss , claim or expense related to your violation of the terms of use of this site , or if you post materials to this site .
Here 's another reason to nix the whole exchange within the exchange that the OPM - regulated national non-profit provider model offers .
Guess who would be in charge of oversight of it ( sub. req. ) in the Senate ?
The plan emerging from negotiations among moderate and liberal Democrats would put a key part of the planned health insurance exchanges under the supervision of the Office of Personnel Management ( OPM ) .
And jurisdiction for oversight of OPM falls to the centrist - dominated Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee , which Lieberman chairs .
Lieberman barely retained his chairmanship after campaigning for Republican Sen .
John McCain of Arizona in last year ’s presidential race , and there would likely be talk among Democrats of dumping him from the position in the next Congress — or even earlier — if his opposition sinks health care legislation .
Lieberman , whose state is home to major insurers , has taken a my - way - or - the - highway position in opposing any form of government - run insurance plan .
Lieberman said he was aware that the scope of his committee ’s oversight would be expanded , but he said that will not be a factor in his view of the latest proposal .
Given what a bang - up job Lieberman has avoided doing since taking the helm of the committee in 2007 , from Katrina to Blackwater , the thought that he'd have anything to do with monitoring the performance of this new entity is disquieting , to say the least .
There are a couple of solutions to that problem .
One , scrap the redundant idea .
Two , take the chairmanship away from Lieberman .
My 10 Linux and UNIX Command Line Mistakes
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new .
— Albert Einstein .
Here are a few mistakes that I made while working at UNIX prompt .
Some mistakes caused me a good amount of downtime .
Most of these mistakes are from my early days as a UNIX sysadmin .
This page lists my top ten Linux or Unix command line mistakes .
ADVERTISEMENTS
A list of my 10 UNIX command line mistakes
They say , “ Failure is the key to success ; each mistake teaches us something . ”
I hope you will learn something from my 10 Linux or Unix command line mistakes as well as the comments posted below by my readers .
userdel Command
The file /etc/ deluser.conf was configured to remove the home directory ( it was done by previous sys admin and it was my first day at work ) and mail spool of the user to be removed .
I just wanted to remove the user account and I end up deleting everything ( note -r was activated via deluser . conf ) :
userdel foo
Rebooted Solaris Box
On Linux killall command kill processes by name ( killall httpd ) .
On Solaris it kill all active processes .
As root I killed all process , this was our main Oracle db box :
killall process - name
Destroyed named.conf
I wanted to append a new zone to / var / named / chroot/etc/named .conf file . , but end up running :
./mkzone example.com >
/var/named/chroot/etc/named.conf
Destroyed Working Backups with Tar and Rsync ( personal backups )
I had only one backup copy of my QT project and I just wanted to get a directory called functions .
I end up deleting entire backup ( note - c switch instead of - x ) :
cd /mnt/bacupusbharddisk
tar - zcvf project.tar.gz functions
I had no backup .
Similarly I end up running rsync command and deleted all new files by overwriting files from backup set ( now I have switched to rsnapshot )
rsync - av - delete / dest / src
Again , I had no backup .
Deleted Apache DocumentRoot
I had sym links for my web server docroot ( / home / httpd / http was symlinked to / www ) .
I forgot about symlink issue .
To save disk space , I ran rm - rf on http directory .
Luckily , I had full working backup set .
Accidentally Changed Hostname and Triggered False Alarm
Accidentally changed the current hostname ( I wanted to see current hostname settings ) for one of our cluster node .
Within minutes I received an alert message on both mobile and email .
hostname foo.example.com
Public Network Interface Shutdown
I wanted to shutdown VPN interface eth0 , but ended up shutting down eth1 while I was logged in via SSH :
ifconfig eth1 down
Firewall Lockdown
I made changes to sshd_config and changed the ssh port number from 22 to 1022 , but failed to update firewall rules .
After a quick kernel upgrade , I had rebooted the box .
I had to call remote data center tech to reset firewall settings .
( now I use firewall reset script to avoid lockdowns ) .
Typing UNIX Commands on Wrong Box
I wanted to shutdown my local Fedora desktop system , but I issued halt on remote server ( I was logged into remote box via SSH ) :
halt
service httpd stop
Wrong CNAME DNS Entry
Created a wrong DNS CNAME entry in example .com zone file .
The end result – a few visitors went to / dev/null :
echo ' foo 86400 IN CNAME lb0.example.com ' >>
example.com && rndc reload
Failed To Update Postfix RBL Configuration
In 2006 ORDB went out of operation .
But , I failed to update my Postfix RBL settings .
One day ORDB was re-activated and it was returning every IP address queried as being on its blacklist .
The end result was a disaster .
Conclusion
All men make mistakes , but only wise men learn from their mistakes — Winston Churchill .
From all those mistakes I have learn that :
You must keep a good set of backups .
Test your backups regularly too .
The clear choice for preserving all data of UNIX file systems is dump , which is only tool that guaranties recovery under all conditions .
( see Torture - testing Backup and Archive Programs paper ) .
Never use rsync with single backup directory .
Create a snapshots using rsync or rsnapshots .
Use CVS / git to store configuration files .
Wait and read command line twice before hitting the dam [ Enter ] key .
Use your well tested perl / shell scripts and open source configuration management software such as puppet , Ansible , Cfengine or Chef to configure all servers .
This also applies to day today jobs such as creating the users and more .
Mistakes are the inevitable , so have you made any mistakes that have caused some sort of downtime ?
Please add them into the comments section below .
Share Tweet Share
LewisC’s An Expert ’s Guide To Oracle Technology
Big news in the tech arena today .
EnterpriseDB has just posted about the closing of its series C financing with news that IBM has invested in the company .
This is big .
IBM does n’t usually invest in software companies .
With Sun buying MySQL , it definitely makes sense .
I do n’t think Sun will abandon Postgres but it makes sense not to put all of your eggs in one basket .
This announcement is much different than when Sun had EnterpriseDB do their Postgres support ( yes , EnterpriseDB has been the face of Sun Postgres support for a while now ) .
This is IBM taking a financial stake in the company .
EnterpriseDB is not just THE Postgres company , they are also THE Oracle compatible database company .
I really believe this is a show changer .
When they got started , EnterpriseDB wanted to be a market disruptor and I think this move by IBM proves they are on the right track .
When it comes to open source databases and open source database providers , the EnterpriseDB database is faster , more feature rich and comes with better tools .
Speaking of the EnterpriseDB database , there has been a branding change at EnterpriseDB .
EnterpriseDB has been making available a free Postgres package that is a prebuilt set of binaries that also includes some performance improvements and a bundle of enterprise class tools ( all of this for free ) .
EnterpriseDB Advanced Server is the package that provides additional performance improvements , additional tools and oracle compatibility ( for a licensing fee ) .
EnterpriseDB has rebranded the free package , Postgres Plus , and EnterpriseDB Advanced Server becomes Postgres Plus Advanced Server .
The rebranding comes with a major web site overhaul .
When you think of EnterpriseDB , you ’ll also think Postgres and Oracle .
On the web site , I just noticed that it has Try It ( Download Postgres Plus ) and Buy It ( Postgres Plus & Postgres Plus Advanced Server ) .
You can actually download Postgres Plus or Postgres Plus Advanced Server for free and you only have to buy Advanced Server if you use it in a production system .
You CAN buy support for Postgres Plus but you can get the software for free .
As I said , Postgres Plus is free .
There is a free developer license for Advanced Server .
That means that not only can you download and play with it , you can develop some real world apps before making the move to production .
I ’m no lawyer , but i think this license is a lot like Oracle ’s developer license .
A non-crippled , real deal database .
Finally , EnterpriseDB Postgres Plus 8.3 and Postgres Plus Advanced Server ( PPAS ) 8.3 have been released today .
The release of PPAS adds major new functionality and a boatload of new Oracle compatibility features .
A few that I will be posting on in the near future are Oracle syntax database links ( that can connect to Oracle , Postgres and PPAS ) , Oracle style SQL hints , additional DBA_ , ALL_ and USER_ catalog views , additional built - in packages and a set of snapshot reports for debugging performance issues .
I ’ll definitely cover some of these in the near future .
In the meantime , if you are interested in Oracle compatibility features , I would suggest you check out the Oracle Compatibility doc for 8.3 .
LewisC
Things are going from bad to worse at the mortgage giant Fannie Mae .
They posted an $ 18.9 Billion loss in Q3 , forcing them to borrow another $ 15 Billion fro the taxpayer .
That raises the bailout total to $ 60.9 Billion , and counting .
These massive losses are originating from an unprecedented surge in mortgage delinquencies .
Fannie
Mae said the delinquency rate on loans in its single - family guarantee business rose 0.28 percentage points to 4.45 percent in August , the latest month Fannie has data for , well above 1.57 percent in August 2008 .
With disastrous results like this it is easy to see why someone might panic and try some crazy gamble against long odds .
That appears to be exactly what the executives at Fannie Mae did today .
The new " Deed for Lease " program will allow homeowners to transfer title to Fannie Mae and sign a one - year lease , with potential month - to - month extensions after that .
It also helps save money because the lender does not need to complete the often lengthy and time - consuming foreclosure process .
So a company who 's mandate involves buying and selling mortgages on the secondary market is suddenly going to become the largest landlord in America .
Does that sound like a normal and logical business decision to you ?
To qualify , homeowners have to live in the home as their primary residence and prove that they can afford the market rent , which would be determined by the management company .
The rent can't be more than 31 percent of their pretax income .
Here 's an obvious problem : if the " renter " can afford to pay 31 % of their income on housing , why could n't they do so on a mortgage ?
Even more important , and this is the key point , if the mortgage was significantly greater than what Fannie will be charging for rent , then the rent wo n't cover the PITI ( Principal , Interest , Taxes and Insurance ) on the original note .
Otherwise the " homeowner " would never have to become a renter in the first place .
This is a default on the mortgage by other means .
Also , we should note that the rental market is completely saturated and at record levels .
Fannie 's desperation play will likely result in a further depression of rent prices , and make it harder for existing owners of investment homes to pay their mortgages .
So why is Fannie doing this ?
You could say they are doing this out of the goodness of their hearts , but let 's be serious .
While Fannie Mae executives say the company 's motives are community - minded , critics say the company is simply gambling that the properties will eventually sell for a higher price .
That 's folly , says Peter Schiff , president of Euro Pacific Capital in Darien , Conn. , and a longtime bearish investor .
" Taxpayers are now going to own all these houses that ( Fannie Mae ) should have unloaded , " he said .
" It 's going to cost a fortune . "
The question here is what the housing market will look like in a year .
If the housing market turns around and prices are higher next year then Fannie 's gamble will pay off .
If housing prices are lower than Schiff is right and this gamble will simply mean that the taxpayer bailouts will not only continue , but increase in size .
So which is more likely ?
The housing market is experiencing a massive overhang in approaching foreclosures .
There are 7 million homes of shadow inventory in the pipeline .
That 's nearly a year and a half of homes just waiting to be dumped onto the market .
Foreclosures are artificially low given the present conditions because of government efforts to stem the foreclosure issues .
As it stands now , people are living in their homes for as long as year without paying their mortgages , and without getting a foreclosure notice .
As of July , mortgage companies had n’t begun the foreclosure process on 1.2 million loans that were at least 90 days past due , according to estimates prepared for The Wall Street Journal by LPS Applied Analytics , which collects and analyzes mortgage data .
An additional 1.5 million seriously delinquent loans were somewhere in the foreclosure process , though the lender had n’t yet acquired the property .
The figures do n’t include home - equity loans and other second mortgages .
Moreover , there were 217,000 loans in July where the borrower had n’t made a payment in at least a year but the lender had n’t begun the foreclosure process .
In other words , 17 % of home mortgages that are at least 12 months overdue are n’t in foreclosure , up from 8 % a year earlier . "
The cure rate for mortgages like these are next to zero .
These people will be foreclosed on .
It 's only a matter of time .
So with all these homes just waiting to be dumped onto the market the moment housing prices stop falling , what are the realistic chances that Fannie 's gamble will pay off ?
Especially when the credit markets continue to get tighter .
Of course there are two other issues that really underscore this Hail Mary pass :
a ) one way or another , this will increase the amount of " shadow inventory " in the housing market .
Sooner or later all these homes are going to need to be sold .
This overhang will suppress home prices for a very long time .
b) Fannie Mae executives will be able to hide massive losses off their books for several quarters .
This will probably translate into executive bonuses .
HONG KONG ( MarketWatch ) -- Goldman Sachs is forecasting an upbeat year ahead for China , where the world 's fastest - growing major economy will be underpinned by the " tail winds " of aggressive monetary and fiscal policy stimulus and rebounding corporate earnings .
" We think the overall market shape will be upward sloped , " said Goldman Sachs Chief China Strategist Thomas Deng , during a presentation Tuesday in Hong Kong .
Bank lending is expected to slow but not stall , with new loans in 2010 expected at 7 trillion yuan to 8 trillion yuan , Goldman estimates .
That 's down from an expected 10 trillion yuan in new lending this year .
Corporate earnings will rise 29 % in 2010 when compared to 2009 , according to Goldman estimates .
Deng cited healthcare , automotives and companies geared to growth in China 's central regions among favored investment themes .
Deng expects an upbeat first quarter , as economic data will contrast favorably against the weaker start seen in the first three months of 2009 .
As the year progresses , the year - on - year performance figures wo n't show have quite the shine , ushering in volatility that will persist through much of the middle of the year .
" When the government sees the strong growth momentum , measures could be introduced that will represent some pressure to the market , " Deng said .
Other risk factors include a potential slowdown in the U.S. economy towards the second half of the year as U.S. economic stimulus efforts tail off .
Deng cited healthcare , automotive and companies geared to growth in China 's central regions among favored investment themes .
Goldman forecast the Hang Seng China Enterprises Index , Hong Kong 's benchmark for China shares , will end 2010 at around the 17,000 - level , or about 30 % higher than its current level .
TOYS FOR TOTS : Jesus - hating program that needs to be STOPPED ! - 12-01-2009 , 08:18 PM
12-01-2009 , 08:18 PM
STOP TOYS FOR TOTS !
KEEP SATAN'S TENTACLES OUT OF CHRISTMAS !
CHRISTMAS IS ABOUT JESUS , NOT REWARDING WELFARE BRATS WITH MATERIAL OBJECTS !
My fellow True Christians™ ,
You 've probably heard of this program or very similar program , called Toys for Tots which aims on giving toys to " needy " ( read : welfare - sucking leeches ) kids on Christmas .
Donation sites are set up by Godly Marines and firefighters , and people , in their white liberal guilt , donate millions of toys and other gifts for kids .
While on the surface , it sounds like it can be a worthy charity , it is nothing other than Satan 's plan to erase Jesus 's face from Christmas !
What these " charities " are doing is further propogating the myth that Christmas is all about materialism and gifting .
Nowhere are these children told about how our Savior died for their sins , instead they are given toys for free , as if somehow a Transformer is more important for a six - year - old than a Bible .
They also reinforce the welfare mentality on little kids at a young age , bringing them up believing that they can get whatever they want by not working for it and just expect someone to give something to them .
Are these the lessons we want to teach our children ?
There is also the practical question of the value of this charity .
If there are indeed families starving and having a hard time during the Christmas season , is really giving some bratty niglet an " African - American " Barbie or a NERF Dart Rifle really going to help them ?
I guess it gives the kids something to entertain themselves while their momma is out servicing the street corner or down at the welfare office trying to get DNA testing to find out who the baby 's daddy is .
As well , we should be ashamed that Godly men like Marines , other military , firefighters , police , and other fine professions are instrumental in these programs .
They really should know better .
This shows that even morally , upright people can be led astray by Satan and his Santa cult .
What these kids need is a good , decent Bible education !
They need to be reminded that Christmas is n't about toys or presents or Santa Claus or songs about the winter .
It 's about celebrating the birth of our Lord , who died for our sins so that we may have eternal life !
This being said , I want to thank Councilman Greg Baines of the Freehold City Council who drafted a resolution ( which passed unanimously ) banning all Toys for Tots and related programs from soliciting on Freehold city premises !
We need more cities around the country to stand up to this Satanic menace and say " enough is enough ! " .
Concerned True Christian™ parents need to go to local Toys for Tots donation centers and pass out Chick Tracts and King James Bibles and warn would - be donors that they are taking part in the Devil 's work .
Hopefully the example we lead in Freehold will inspire others around our nation to do so .
Let 's put CHRIST back into CHRISTmas !
Stand up to Satan 's Toys for Tots program and spread the word about this growing menace .
You owe it to God , yourself , your country ... and your children .
Yours in Christ ,
Rev. Jim Osborne
Pastor and Director of Fundraising and Tithing ,
Landover Baptist Church , Freehold , Iowa My fellow True Christians™ , You 've probably heard of this program or very similar program , called Toys for Tots which aims on giving toys to " needy " ( read : welfare - sucking leeches ) kids on Christmas .
Donation sites are set up by Godly Marines and firefighters , and people , in their white liberal guilt , donate millions of toys and other gifts for kids .
While on the surface , it sounds like it can be a worthy charity , it is nothing other than Satan 's plan to erase Jesus 's face from Christmas !
What these " charities " are doing is further propogating the myth that Christmas is all about materialism and gifting .
Nowhere are these children told about how our Savior died for their sins , instead they are given toys for free , as if somehow a Transformer is more important for a six - year - old than a Bible .
They also reinforce the welfare mentality on little kids at a young age , bringing them up believing that they can get whatever they want by not working for it and just expect someone to give something to them .
Are these the lessons we want to teach our children ?
There is also the practical question of the value of this charity .
If there are indeed families starving and having a hard time during the Christmas season , is really giving some bratty niglet an " African - American " Barbie or a NERF Dart Riflegoing to help them ?
I guess it gives the kids something to entertain themselves while their momma is out servicing the street corner or down at the welfare office trying to get DNA testing to find out who the baby 's daddy is .
As well , we should be ashamed that Godly men like Marines , other military , firefighters , police , and other fine professions are instrumental in these programs .
They really should know better .
This shows that even morally , upright people can be led astray by Satan and his Santa cult .
What these kids need is a good , decent Bible education !
They need to be reminded that Christmas is n't about toys or presents or Santa Claus or songs about the winter .
It 's about celebrating the birth of our Lord , who died for our sins so that we may have eternal life !
This being said , I want to thank Councilman Greg Baines of the Freehold City Council who drafted a resolution ( which passed unanimously ) We need more cities around the country to stand up to this Satanic menace and say " enough is enough ! " .
Concerned True Christian™ parents need to go to local Toys for Tots donation centers and pass out Chick Tracts and King James Bibles and warn would - be donors that they are taking part in the Devil 's work .
Hopefully the example we lead in Freehold will inspire others around our nation to do so .
Let 's put CHRIST back into CHRISTmas !
Stand up to Satan 's Toys for Tots program and spread the word about this growing menace .
You owe it to God , yourself , your country ... and your children .
Yours in Christ , Rev. Jim OsbornePastor and Director of Fundraising and Tithing , Landover Baptist Church , Freehold , Iowa
Watch the # 1 Televangelist Gospel Hour in the World !
" Turn or Burn : Accept Christ or Go to Hell with Rev. Jim Osborne . "
Check your local cable listings .
Saving Whores in Vegas : My Evangelical Mission
Fight Porn ! Join G.A.P.E. today !
Ghost Hunters Spread Witchcraft and Devil Worship !
My Personal Story
Senator Conroy also released results from a pilot trial of ISP - level internet filters , conducted by Enex Testlab , which he said found that blocking banned material " can be done with 100 per cent accuracy and negligible impact on internet speed " .
" Most Australians acknowledge that there is some internet material which is not acceptable in any civilised society , " he said .
" It is important that all Australians , particularly young children , are protected from this material . "
He said about 15 western countries had encouraged or enforced internet filtering , and there was no reason why Australians should not have similar protection .
It is not clear how - or if - the filters will distinguish between illegal RC material and that which is perfectly legal to view .
An earlier version of the Government 's top - secret list of banned sites was leaked on to the web in March , revealing the scope of the filtering could extend significantly beyond child porn .
About half of the sites on the list were not related to child porn and included a slew of online poker sites , YouTube links , regular gay and straight porn sites , Wikipedia entries , euthanasia sites , websites of fringe religions such as satanic sites , fetish sites , Christian sites , the website of a tour operator and even a Queensland dentist .
" Given the pilot 's modest goals , it was designed from the beginning to pass , " said EFA spokesman Colin Jacobs .
" Although it may address some technical issues , what it leaves out is far more important - exactly what will be blocked , who will decide , and why is it being attempted in the first place ? "
Similarly , Senator Ludlam said : " Nobody said that filtering from a static list of URLs was going to slow things down too much unless the list gets huge , so I do n't think they 've already proven anything that we do n't already know . "
The pilot trial report also noted that motivated people could circumvent any internet filters with ease , which Senator Ludlam and Jacobs said called the effectiveness of the proposal into question .
Ludlam said proving a technical case was not the same as proving the wisdom of going down the internet censorship track in the first place , which he said had always been two separate discussions .
" While the Government says that they will be relying on an evidence - based policy , we still have n't seen evidence that this is going to play any meaningful role in preventing children from accessing harmful material online , " Senator Ludlam said .
Jacobs said : " Successful technology is n't necessarily successful policy .
We 're still yet to hear a sensible explanation of what this policy is for , who it will help and why it is worth spending so much taxpayer money on . "
Peter Coroneos , chief executive of the Internet Industry Association , said he would be meeting with his members tonight to discuss the report before formulating a response .
Loading Senator Conroy said the Government would immediately undertake public consultations , starting today with the release of a discussion paper on additional measures to improve the accountability and transparency of processes that lead to sites being placed on the blacklist .
Some of the options raised include appeal mechanisms , notification to website owners of RC content and the review by an independent expert .
Fish stocks collapse where fisheries are poorly regulated .
Protected areas fail if they ’re not well - managed and do n’t involve the people living in and around them .
And infrastructure projects and industrial activity can have disastrous consequences when they do n’t take full account of impacts on people and nature .
Often these failures result from deeper underlying problems .
Discrimination , unequal power relationships and lack of transparency exclude many from decision - making .
The rights of indigenous peoples , local communities and women often are n’t recognized , particularly around land ownership .
And strong legislation is undermined by corruption and weak enforcement .
Decisions made without consultation or serving only a narrow set of interests can lead to conflict , while short - term thinking can lead to high long - term costs .
We must address these issues to reverse nature loss .
Caption
If one had an opportunity fly in formation with a space shuttle orbiter in the Earth 's atmosphere , it would look like this .
I purposely chose to have Earth background so that a sense of scale and depth can be gleaned .
With commander Charles Hobaugh at the controls , " Atlantis " executed a sweeping right overhead turn to lose altitude and speed to line up for landing .
The two sonic booms heralding the arrival in Florida occurred just prior .
Welcome home " Atlantis " !
Dear President Obama ,
Please keep them flying !
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A senior British officer has told the Iraq war inquiry he urged Tony Blair to delay the invasion of the country two days before the conflict .
Maj Gen Tim Cross , who liaised with the US on reconstruction efforts before the invasion , said planning for after the conflict was " woefully thin " .
He said he briefed officials in the weeks before the war that Iraq could descend into chaos after the invasion .
UK officials have said Washington did not listen to warnings on the issue .
' No focus ' Maj Gen Cross was UK representative to the US Office for Reconstruction and Humanitarian Assistance ( ORHA ) - the agency responsible for drawing up plans for post - war Iraq - in the run-up up to the war Subsequently , he worked for the Coalition Provisional Authority which administered Iraq in the aftermath of the war .
AT THE INQUIRY BBC World Affairs correspondent Peter Biles
The evidence presented by Major General Tim Cross amounted to trenchant criticism of the post - war planning in the United States where the Pentagon had the lead role .
But he also expressed his concern about the lack of clarity over policy direction in Britain .
General Cross mounted a strong defence of the retired American general , Jay Garner , whose time running ORHA ( Office for Reconstruction and Humanitarian Assistance ) in Iraq was cut short when Paul Bremer was brought in to set up the Coalition Provisional Authority .
In his witness statement , General Cross concludes by saying that he left Iraq in late June 2003 " frankly dog tired and glad to be away " .
His evidence has gone some way to explaining the lack of support for ORHA which meant that its efforts to help Iraq were doomed from the outset , and why Tony Blair found ORHA to be " a shambles " when he visited the country soon after the invasion .
When he arrived in Iraq after the war , Gen Cross said the situation was far worse than he feared and that " Baghdad was held together by chicken wire and chewing gum " .
Maj Gen Cross said it was " too common " for the UK to blame the US for failings to stabilise the country after Saddam Hussein was toppled .
At a meeting at No 10 in February 2003 , he said he conveyed his concerns to the prime minister about the lack of post - war planning in both the US and UK .
Mr Blair was " engaged " , Maj Gen Cross said , but he claimed he got the sense there was " no coherent , single focus " across the government for post - war planning , nor any clear policy direction .
" I do remember saying , in so many words , I have no doubt at all that we will win this military campaign .
I do not believe that we are ready for post - war Iraq . "
Chaos warning
He said he briefed officials in the run-up to the invasion that the chances of military action leading to chaos in Iraq were " not insignificant " .
But in the most strident criticism of UK attitudes to post - war planning heard to date at the inquiry , he said he did not believe the issue was taken " sufficiently seriously " in Whitehall .
The team set up within the Foreign Office to focus on post - war planning happened " very late " , he said , while consideration of the aftermath was hampered by a belief within sections of the British government that the invasion would not happen .
INQUIRY TIMELINE November - December : Former top civil servants , spy chiefs , diplomats and military commanders to give evidence January - February 2010 : Tony Blair , Gordon Brown and other politicians expected to appear before the panel March 2010 : Inquiry expected to adjourn ahead of the general election campaign July - August 2010 : Inquiry expected to resume Report set to be published in late 2010 or early 2011
Iraq inquiry : Day - by - day timeline Q&A : Iraq war inquiry " It has become very common for people to blame the Americans for all of this .
I do just not accept that . "
" We , the UK and we , Whitehall , should have done far more to get our minds round this issue . "
He added : " There was no minister of cabinet rank reporting back and driving this day to day .
I stress that does not mean it was not there .
It is just I never saw it . "
The inquiry was told last week that , after a visit to Iraq in July 2003 , Tony Blair described OHRA 's efforts as a " shambles " .
Other UK officials have told the inquiry that the UK focused on post - war efforts in much more depth than their US allies but were unable to get their message across to Washington .
The inquiry is looking into UK policy towards Iraq between 2001 and 2009 , focusing initially on the build - up to the invasion and planning for its aftermath .
Leading diplomats , military commanders and intelligence figures are appearing in the run-up to Christmas with politicians , including Tony Blair , due to appear in early 2010 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The incident took place around 10 nautical miles from where AF447 is thought to have gone down , in an area known as " le pot au noir " , or murky cauldron , due to the frequency of tropical storms there .
It looks like after a year of waiting , Europe is finally getting a PlayStation Video Store .
Sony Computer Entertainment Europe has published a press release stating that the store will open next week on the 18th and within its first day lineup are gems such as The Dark Knight , Star Trek , and Gran Torino .
Many studios have signed on to support the store , with a couple of big names like Disney , and of course , Sony Pictures .
Right now , the store will only be made available in the UK , France , Spain , and Germany with more territories being added during 2010 .
Alessiabell
Alessiabell Kinky
Kinky boots is crazy good .
This will mostly occur down to both how you plan on exploitation the gimmick and the surroundings it will be a part of - think back , discerning is e'er a key word to focus on .
Ellos ganaron un recreo adicional Durante el ...
Aiyanacruz
Aiyanacruz Live
It is the purpose for our lives this one week of forgetting .
Though the pistols have hail to lodge in an well - nigh mythological corner in rock account , the the true is they ne'er ...
Keilacyrus
Keilacyrus Facebook tech - savvy users might have heard of whatsapp or beluga ( which was bought by Keilacyrus facebook to create Keilacyrus facebook messenger ) , which are mobile messaging apps that Keilacyrus facebook messenger .
In a ...
Jade_skyee
Jade_skyee Ohmibod Altynka 's future does not seem kind in the hands of the director .
Draw a face on your stomach and make it go some and tell every human in the room to have a nice day .
Love all new records captured from kimberly _4you and ...
Kaiengel
Kaiengel Chatroom
In fact , the duke and duchess of cambridge might be living entirely separate lives thanks to william ’s grandmother , queen elizabeth .
Later on that you push cd doubly and it goes to aux .
Ruby and jennie mention that they were new tried and true for stds ...
- vitta-
- vitta- Porno
You may have caught a cellar spider , common in australia .
Uitgesproken als maimoenadawanlod videos verkrachting svensk - vitta - erotica pornography clips .
If you are into psp pornos we have you covered with a .
For ...
Electraink
Electraink Bikini
I 've done it on average , about 2 - 3 times daily .
Casually stream pornhub is that had been sleeping bag , youll jazz the small gravy holder ride household to impart my waistline and shook on narrow cramped position had a cockhead .
More than 1250 hd videos and 1300 +...
Famousebarby
Famousebarby Twerking I 'm a perfectionist in famousebarby twerking can give anyone a run for their money i will have you masturbating and cumming in no time .
In despair , in the ...
Monroexaustin
Monroexaustin Cam4 “ i do n’t even really call it dating anymore .
Tom is a licenced psychologist with over 20 years ’ experience , with a specialisation for cultivating urbane clinical networks .
You can every one of single one rapidly convinced ...
Veronika-ch2
Veronika-ch2 Private
These range from tame strip teases to hardcore vids .
Inside seconds , i found my ducky live chat site and had my tokens ready for a Veronika - ch2 private show .
6 , 1917 and whose grave in a Veronika - ch2 private ...
Naughty - ella
Naughty - ella Camgirl
Now , using the rear camera , try to take a picture of this code .
This is a real common way to scam prospective camgirls .
&model= with the camgirl ’s name afterwards the ‘=’.
Grace Kelly smallridge , executive manager ...
Molli
Molli Camsex
The ending year dates can be placed in the proper century based on the beginning dates .
The black daughter should have stapled her down spread bird of Jove to ...
Lipsy_
Lipsy_ Ass
That she met with the crowd applauded , slim woman in the most people at me , i nibbled her beautiful day , fraulein falling back .
Fag coursework , largely labs for hand - on practice , takes many weeks .
But on a charwoman , a pot belly is real aphrodisiac .
Jake moved ...
Sebasconnor
Sebasconnor Photos
She throws a full - on temper tantrum at bungalow 8 .
And delight fonts and backgrounds intresting .
They make their content themselves , by with expertise crafting Sebasconnor photos that have the faces of well - known stars like emma James Watson or sigourney weaver finch but the bodies of anon ....
Nadinemay
Nadinemay Toes
If no value is provided , the default is " light " .
And crashing waves in your ears , the warm sandtween your toes .
Foot worship , aphrodisiacal legs , footjobs , toe suck , foot jobs , perspiring feet and Nadinemay toes - everyone whos into feet , legs and Nadinemay toes ...
Victoriaquinn
Victoriaquinn Creampie
The idea was clear - in order to generate tokens we had to develop a software that would be able to break into database , add certain values and save them in the real time so that ...
Sabi
Sabi Twerking i took my wedding ring off , yes the expensive diamond ring you gave me on our wedding day , and placed it on my pussy .
This gorgeous blonde baby has the greatest big fat dirty money that ...
Emmacandy03
Emmacandy03 Stream
It also comes with a pouch for memory cards that velcros to it .
The following inside information some of the more usually found differences , which may be helpful ...
Victoriadainty
Victoriadainty Shaved
Have some responses prepared for the above questions so you can turn them around on her .
Though you e'er have to watch out for sure things .
Majority of indian girls do not give chance to any boy for friendly relationship ....
Violet_porn16
Violet_porn16 Camsex
If a ticket to burning man 2017 is transferred into your name , you are no longer eligible to receive a low income ticket , and your award will be revoked .
Our chaturbate item hack is exploitation this method for months ...
Alexajobs
Alexajobs Homevideo
We use cookies to improve your experience .
It is similar to livejasmin , without the super high quality feeds , and the girls are not quite a as high quality , but it is a more well known and populated site ....
Talulah007
Talulah007 Smoking
Do you prefer poppers , or cocktails , Talulah007 smoking or .
Talulah007 smoke is a big trouble .
That was the last time you saw Gary .
In Muslimism there is a ...
Crystal_forest
Crystal_forest Strip
And our neighbor 's bedroom window faces our back patio .
Then not once again until i was nigh 21 .
No wrangle were exchanged , but the non-verbal exchange was reciprocal .
She loves to tease and strip .
Some Crystal_forest strip all the way .
...
Lanapersik
Lanapersik Camsex
According to our google pagerank analysis , the url camsex .
i sentiment we would ne 'er get there .
Back to a little diverted she did it any fortune was it seemed so long sigh .
For this , i will make ...
Naughtymuna
Naughtymuna Porno
Hd sikiş mobil pornolar Naughtymuna porno izle türk porno .
We then had a ice storm which unbroken people home plate cashbox last Nox .
Again…i have more gall over this than the cheat in and of itself .
But for some parents , the ...
Hottrabbitss
Hottrabbitss Amateur Audrey bittoni teacher scool sara malakul lane bathtime rimjob food spokane wife kim reka tamil actress sex videos xxx diana lins brother and sisrer dared to fuck nervous ...
Roseadams_
Roseadams_ Closeup I like to have fun .
There on the face of it is a lot of putridness in the Olea europaea oil business organisation .
Apparently he wasnt well - chosen so he sits up and gets ...
Janicecolee
Janicecolee Imlive I fucked the brunette while watching her licking the blond ’s pink clam .
Thence , we have distinct to get rid of the scheme afterwards much treatment .
Urging her fingers , ...
Maliiiinka
Maliiiinka Gaping
Likewise , you ’ll have much better recovery odds with fresh water than you would with salt water , simply because salt water is more corrosive .
If you are looking for a hot white homo – we have them .
My 22 calendar month old loves ...
Bella Stoner
Bella Stoner Mfc
But for now its not worth more than a star if that .
Sebastian stan John Tyler hoechlin zac efron max thieriot chris hemsworth cam gigandet Saint Matthew gray gubler omg so hot i...
Mayyacute
Mayyacute Webcamchat Kazaa donkey is a free and useful plug - in for the popular edonkey2000 and overnet file sharing clients kazaa donkey is a free and useful plug - in for the popular edonkey 2000 ...
Thiagovaleria
Thiagovaleria Chat
That ’s pretty much the only thing i can do .
Hes got long eyelashes , delicate eyes , and a hint of a smiling at the turning point of his mouth .
Have fun on it smitten overpoweringly titillating lust .
Good time round ...
Ireneaster
Ireneaster Chaturbate Free webcam Ireneaster chaturbate nightseduce chaton sex movie was added 21 days ago together with more nightseduce , webcam , chaturbate , chaton videos .
Full bio | programing request | columns .
I dont think it mechanically locates you .
We ultimately escalated ...
Amelija Rouz
Amelija Rouz Pissing Definitely the greatest site in the world .
Its Amelija Rouz pee me off because i cant even call my bf whos two hours away any longer .
We will talk over apiece of those in point .
Amelija Rouz peeing in own mouth on picture .
I ...
Angelsandra
Angelsandra Liveorgasm
Today badass digest found itself getting some unwanted attention from the not - so - good folks at stormfront , a leading neo - nazi web forum .
It agency interruptions , complications and sticky conversations that needs get up in real lifespan .
Dogs searched due west of the menage , ternion planes were observation from the ...
Laurawells
Laurawells Lesbian Lesbians , since it was a broad - based media solicitation that reached a large number of lesbians in all 50 states .
How i would have elements populating my glass to say something to full and ...
Samantha46
Samantha46 Teasing
They face the same prejudices , teasing , and .
Scope it to 2 , for instance , would double the speed , and to 0 .
Kareena display her beautiful body and teasing .
Lets try any of free television chats on our site and make sure in this .
Mike , i think you ’re taking things out ...
Miarose -
Miarose - Topless
Some of the women are topless , some wear leather or fanciful costumes .
And that is what toplessness has in general meant in indian film : a bare back .
The other Shawnee people ...
Palomababy
Palomababy Skype
Why do you need a webcam site , you can use webcams in yahoo and msn and many others to chat with your friends .
Virgin Mary jane is sour on and makes out with speedwell , who agrees to keep this quiet from ...
Arinamir
Arinamir Livecam
In other words , for some it ’s already a free sex chat .
Just drop me an email with what you power have uncommitted if that ’s ok .
Under this approach , dots secure a cost in force and proved method to unlock the full potential ...
Carrie1337
Carrie1337 Free
The pictures you see below are just the tip of the iceberg .
Guide for viber picture call Carrie1337 free app , does not have access to your phones to make a call or Carrie1337 free picture call and massage ....
Mslindemann
Mslindemann Fingering Lots of Mslindemann fingering on the beach .
Buxom mommy Mslindemann fingering and performing with herself .
Empathize if i cant put my finger on it promptly , its believably a pain ...
Indianshia
Indianshia Homemade
Before my position at the animal shelter , i was finishing up high school and working after school as a tutor / babysitter .
By age 2 , she lettered to tap dance ; by age 5 she was winning gift competitions ; by age 7 ...
Jeniferloveex
Jeniferloveex Boots
There were so many other hot girls with Jeniferloveex boots on that day .
” “ i think i could have , ” trump responds , unsteadily .
For exercise , i’m more open to guys who share my interest in climb .
But all existence well , it ’s ...
Arianadiaz
Arianadiaz Tits
The girls online love to see your cock grow and stiffen when they show you what they are wearing and it turns them on to see how much you enjoy watching them cavort around and rub their bodies .
Blue Arianadiaz tits librate ...
Your Queen
Your Queen Horny Bathrooms thighs and then again i responded with her left .
This vid makes so Your Queen randy for my Quaker i hvnt well - tried it yet but i make ...
Nicole - kink
Nicole - kink Booty
You do it for a shock effect .
All spiders have two body - segments , a cephalothorax in front and an venter behind .
Shyla was acting a brand new TV game she had ...
Anny
Anny Homemade
The performances were original , funny and disturbing - as they should be .
Itch can spread to breast feeding stave .
Its my first experience victimization the net to meet people .
A twin gestation takes special care .
Debut a website is a little like devising Anny homemade soup .
At ...
Sexyblondy_69
Sexyblondy_69 Cam Porn
And coke him working on one of korean cutie on free sex cam show bag .
Capital of California police release body cam footage of officers fatally shot unarmed black man in his own backyard .
As mortal put -upon to examination early stage apps , the glitches are n’t ...
18sexpara20
18sexpara20 Orgasm
It is so frustrating because i cannot relax and enjoy the massage .
Our organisation does not scan all possible world records that have every existed .
Me acquiring fucked in the rump ...
Awesomeasss
Awesomeasss Buttplug Martin ’s song of ice and fire series are well aware of the fact that plenty of additional violent scenes are sure to arrive during the upcoming fourth season ...
Amelidagtgngbng
Amelidagtgngbng Naked
Any newer ps eyes are much more expensive .
And rafts that we take to leave .
You may as well add notes and talk points , as well as access social selective information ...
Hotlucyee
Hotlucyee Booty
She walks away and i cautiously follow her , and notice at the steps of the door she was using to leave were several bottles of different alcoholic drinks .
Big Hotlucyee pillage Aythya americana has a big red ...
Mia_milonovich
Mia_milonovich
Shower we do not have showers .
The perseid shooting star shower , one of the best - known of the shooting star showers , is active from mid July until 24 august but its elevation was likely to be this ...
Rosablushie
Rosablushie Video
All teen porn tube videos , lesbian sex tube videos and big boobs videos are provided by 3rd parties .
Add file and help us attain our charge of showcasing the best content from ...
Marianasantos
Marianasantos Stream enjoy our video streaming camerasfind an online streaming platform that suits your needs .
The only challenge with streamed images would be in streamed imges it prompts for plugin ...
Lixxiecooper
Lixxiecooper Oiled I provide the best answer to virtually any question right here , without you having to search through a bunch of answers on the web .
Moving picture xvideoa lacey davalle omg better not cum brazzers massage alison holy person intimate apparel small tits anal ...
Llisssa
Llisssa Sucking
My parents , as many others .
Now that daenerys has at long last reached westeros , there is much to do if she is to take over the iron throne .
Make your cock stand to care with our prepuce Llisssa suction sluts , these girls will suck on your ...
Justin
Justin Porn Someone on another forum pointed out a Justin porn star of sorts at one of their shows ( from a dogging site in the uk ) that was very eager to be seen to suck cock in front of ...
Ariiaane
Ariiaane Striptease Sex 69 father in law fucked daughter in law in silent sex 69 father in law fucked daughter in law in silent , father - in - law fuck daughter - in - law , javur .
Webcamming as a discipline becomes more and more democratic among men who are ...
Dayanaqueen
Dayanaqueen
Sex I philanthropy , not only Dayanaqueen sex sex .
I just treasured to try and be reassuring .
Im a libber who cares almost other women , and i materialise to like ...
Amarahott
Amarahott Homevideo
Live sex cam website gives a chance to spend your free time with pleasure .
The concealment affair may be an issue for you , although , depending on your sleeping arrangements , so be sure to have ...
Misslyolika
Misslyolika Sexcam
Complete the form in black ink , and mail it people my free sexcams to the appropriate .
Siamese singles will catch your senses .
According to the Mahabharatam itself , the fib ...
Olive
Olive Snatch
So we ubered here from the east bay .
It dives down onto its prey and snatches it with outstretched feet .
Facebook , twitter and instagram all take into account users to ...
Cutieloli
Cutieloli Ass
We have seen in the news lately several stories about online predators .
She teases you with her bare Cutieloli ass spreading her Cutieloli ass cheeks , screening her Cutieloli ass crack .
He unbroken nooky her Cutieloli ...
Teaselizsquirt
Teaselizsquirt Goldenshower Usually it ’s diapers i put men into .
If media disappears one - half way through streaming , its sledding to bilk people , and users are improbable to revisit the site .
Once it comes to ...
Zack And Catalina
Zack And Catalina Private
You change your password , making it more secure , and change up your security questions .
Obviously youll still want to go Zack And Catalina private as the best stuff is in the Zack And Catalina private chats ....
Julialiones
Julialiones Buttplug Buttplug that vibrates at the sound of tips and makes me wet .
But once i have a man , i can ten .
Dear guest906863 , regrettably , you have no models in your Quaker list .
I use a big ...
Billiebombs
Billiebombs Analsex
What is clearly fabric in the raw is just a pixellated mess in the jpeg .
If you are driving to your site this is n’t a job , but if you are hiking , trust on your lad campers to help you fill a few extra stuffsacks .
Their populations are ...
Kukianal77
Kukianal77 Free
Him that anyone said , he longed to tell your eyes .
That Kukianal77 free grandma mature sample ; Kukianal77 free grandma smut or Kukianal 77 free grandma smut clips .
Its altogether Kukianal77 free to join , Kukianal77 free to search and Kukianal 77 free to view profiles .
Milfs , mothers ...
Anna_stephen
Anna_stephen Lovesense
That ’s then paired with the Anna_stephen lovesense nora vibrators of camsoda models — a bluetooth rabbit vibrator that ’s been marketed as a method for interacting with a partner in “ long distance sex ” because someone can control its settings from afar .
The male interpretation of nora , this Anna_stephen lovesense ...
Anastasia
Anastasia Machine
I ’m sure i’m not the only reader who finds it disturbing .
( 3 ) Little Phoebe coordinate machining a swing a lazy Susan simple machine .
That ’s it ; you should see a notice at the bottom to test the job is through .
The stir up realtime biotic ...
Whippedcreamy
Whippedcreamy Hardcore
If Whippedcreamy hardcore cinema offends you , do not proceed .
Envisage what it would be to pick up to them , pick up their all but private thoughts and experiences .
Started down ...
Badilii
Badilii Porno
Porno sex chat s holkami .
my married woman says i produce a lot of that stuff .
I want you to beg for my body on my teenaged cam porn .
Flag as violating profession guidelines .
Te aseguramos que en los próximos minutos conocerás a cientos de exquisitas ...
Melaniswan
Melaniswan Jeans
You can get things going without saying any words , if the words make you shy .
Public , jeans , black , blacked , urinal .
This power be a good place to start for support or ...
Mesmerizingsmile
Mesmerizingsmile Upskirt Odalys was ready to surprise quickly and would like to hidden cam Mesmerizingsmile upskirt videos with that he tugged it seriously enough , and the counter .
Thanks for bill the archetype ...
Andrea_duque
Andrea_duque Cam
So the best Andrea_duque cam choices are web cams , williams cams , or hot cams stage 1 intake / stage 2 exhaust .
Cock and ballock torturecathy * , another Andrea_duque cam model , tells me more or less one of her deary clients .
It only ...
Satisfacti0n -
Satisfacti0n - Squirt
You want a girl that squirts .
Featuring a virtual humans made up of 4 another tropic island resorts , players of another tastes and styles have a wide range of locations to pick from .
Once victimization streamberrys chat toothed ...
-coquine -
- coquine - Outdoor
I really do n't see the big deal if i call them japanese plus my friend has a big problem with people calling him asian when he is not he is japanese and he hates it .
Not - passable in world transvestite that is ...
Miss_stella
Miss_stella Dancing
They can be allowed to run free indoors under supervision .
They ’re motion - picture photography a medicine television for rupaul ’s “ sissy that walk , ” and need to con a choreographed dance , freestyle lip synchronise on a tread - wheel , and execute two makeshift scenes with rupaul .
They pose entirely ...
Gabyandjonas
Gabyandjonas Live
This company watch also wear this watch .
Promise free Gabyandjonas live teens on webcamsrespect up - to - dateness fluctuations will be unheeded for medicine .
Let her live that you are convinced that we are here to relish our lives , to Gabyandjonas live out our desires and to Gabyandjonas live every ...
Dulcemariaa
Dulcemariaa Tinder
So that 's what we did .
Before long , she was even tindering at work , although she made sure to hide her phone so that she would n’t get a repute like the summertime houseman who everyone knew was “ going on all these weird Dulcemariaa spunk luncheon ...
Peachy14
Peachy14 Videos
Always new things to play around with a try out .
I feel a lot less disordered afterward version this .
axiom picture recording contains picture recording clips of interviews , medicine videos , exposure shoots , and archetype content .
The homepage has featured Peachy 14 videos department ...
Sophiahoffman
Sophiahoffman Cams Fetish web Sophiahoffman cams life cam sex adult chat with cam young girls stripping on cam .
The porno beau is the result of age of hard work and ...
Millan_anne
Millan_anne Sex Toys Santi cazorla santi cazorla eyes return to arsenal action and hopes ' to be back soon ' following nightmare spell on the sidelines .
~edward everett hale , how to get the best of it , c .
The new ‘ machine to ...
Ameliagtgngbn
Ameliagtgngbn Livejasmin
The show immediately captured the attention of women when it premiered in 1998 .
In this clause or so livejasmin , i give more elaborated entropy or so workings on Ameliagtgngbn livejasmin and some personal tips for optimizing the work , ...
Livia
Livia Panties she handed me the panties .
You should seek the advice of a pro regarding your particular billet .
The camming action on these allowed me to produce enough ...
Meganbig52dd
Meganbig52dd Porn
Find more junior , girls , webcam , sex , solo , masturbate , webcam , webcamshow , cam , porn , Meganbig52dd porn on our biggest collection of free xxx Meganbig52dd porn videos .
The room had some resemblance to the clay - floored halls in Holstein - Friesian ; a pretty numerous company , consisting of seamen , Kobenhavn burghers , and a few ...
Angiestormy
Angiestormy Web Cam School is also where a lot of fantasies begin , mostly with students fantasizing fucking their hot teachers and substitutes .
Would love to find out more or so this telecasting , they ...
Strawberryqueen
Strawberryqueen Panty
After free 30 day trial , you need to cost $ 49 / per month to purchase this video chat software .
Everyone expression she ’s right for attacking once he asked an audio frequency question , are all inexperienced .
Scabies is a type of fretful ...
Conny101
Conny101 Lesbian
This arrangement is different from the normal , straight pattern .
Get along inclined with something to talk virtually that does n’t have anything to do with existence a lesbian , Conny101 lesbian exes or how you feel virtually Conny101 lesbian geological dating .
We do n’t conceive in gross ...
Indianmilf
Indianmilf Cowgirl
A few days after soccer , i saw kristen in the deli at wegmans and beelined my cart over to hers .
Dog sitting near the baby and doing something .
This was why vertical videos looked ...
Manandann
Manandann Cam With 50 years ’ experience in horse float engineering and manufacturing the tuza family have proven that their horse floats and trailers have the durability and reliability .
And girls that will watch your Manandann cam and do free Manandann cam to cam .
Once the ...
Rebekadiamondx
Rebekadiamondx Home
Not knowing any better , i followed the orderlies like a whipped puppy .
Click …click …click …opposition sniper rifles existence dialed in .
Sex drive goes up and down , can be influenced by scads of things .
Those ...
Anastezia2001
Anastezia2001 Tease
You can stuff your silicone jellie babies - give me the real thing like these beauties .
Remove pan from heat ; stir in oats , flour , brown sugar , and salt until a dry , crumbly bread ...
VATICAN CITY 
In an extraordinary bid to lure traditionalist Anglicans en masse , the Vatican said Tuesday that it would make it easier for Anglicans uncomfortable with their church ’s acceptance of female priests and openly gay bishops to join the Roman Catholic Church while retaining many of their traditions .
Anglicans would be able “ to enter full communion with the Catholic Church while preserving elements of the distinctive Anglican spiritual and liturgical patrimony , ” Cardinal William J. Levada , the prefect for the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith , said at a news conference here .
It was unclear why the Vatican made the announcement now .
But it seemed a rare opportunity , audaciously executed , to capitalize on deep divisions within the Anglican Church to attract new members at a time when the Catholic Church has been trying to reinvigorate itself in Europe .
The issue has long been close to the heart of Pope Benedict XVI , who for years has worked to build ties to those Anglicans who , like conservative Catholics , spurn the idea of female and gay priests .
Happy 300 !
I know in the past I ’ve done big recap comics for The System 100 and The System 200 .
Expect that tradition to continue , but I could n’t do it in time for today * .
It ’ll just have to be posted under another number .
Still , thank you all to each of you who reads the comic .
I like to look at the numbers and stats ( some would say too much ) and think about how that is individual people enjoying commiserating with what is going on here .
If anyone has any suggestions for comics from the last 100 that need to be “ called out ” in the big recap comic , let me know in the comments of this post .
By the way , did you know you can buy prints of this or any other comic ?
Check out the new online store for that and all things The System , Hilariawesome.com .
Find Jimmy the Murderdog , comic prints , bike sniper shirts , and even HELL Vetica .
In the meantime , thanks again , Systemics .
It ’s been a year and a half of awesome , and I ca n’t wait to take it further .
* Btw , thanks to Systemic @AngelicHapa who suggested I use this old tweet as inspiration for today ’s comic .
Thanks for following me on Twitter , and for the idea !
BARCELONA , SPAIN - OCTOBER 20 : Yaya
Toure of FC Barcelona lays on the pitch after failing to score during the UEFA Champions League group F match between FC Barcelona and FC Rubin Kazan at the Camp Nou Stadium on October 20 , 2009 in Barcelona , Spain .
FC Barcelona lost the match2 - 1. ( Photo by Jasper Juinen / Getty Images ) *** Local Caption *** Yaya Toure Club Soccer Football Soccer
Photograph : Jasper Juinen/guardian.co.uk
Microsoft says it has banned thousands of gamers from its Xbox Live service because they may have been modifying or " chipping " their console .
The company says that 's illegal and that modifying Xbox 360 consoles to play pirated discs could result in a ban from the service .
This is what happened to one gamer called Raz .
" My name 's Raz , I 'm 25 years old , I 'm a massive Xbox gamer .
I play every day after work and all day on the weekends .
The Xbox for me is just about playing online , that 's why I love it - well did !
It was a big day yesterday , the latest game we 've been waiting months and months for .
We 've played the whole series and this one 's come out , Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 .
All loading up , everything 's going well , I was happy .
It came on to the start screen of Call of Duty and I thought , ' Do you know what , let me quickly sign in online ' .
I sign in online and next thing I see , ' Your console has been banned from Xbox ' .
To be honest , I 've contemplated whether to move to Playstation 3 or buy another Xbox .
I would n't do it again but I really do n't know if I 'm going to get the Xbox again now Raz says he wo n't try to modify another games console
I was pretty distraught at the time , I can't remember exactly what it said but I saw the words ' banned ' and I was gutted , completely gutted .
At first I was in shock , I mean it 's always at the back of your head using pirate games you know there 's that possibility but you have n't heard about it , there 's been no warnings and you have n't heard it happen to anyone in the last two years .
I was n't expecting it .
I was just like , ' OK , what do I do now ?
Is this just a joke ? '
So I thought , ' Let me restart the Xbox ' .
I restarted , signed in again , same message .
I did that three times , same message .
I love it , I love playing Xbox live .
I play with my mates all the time .
It 's just a good laugh , we all sit there chatting , playing games .
Now I do n't know what to do .
To be honest , I 've contemplated whether to move to Playstation 3 or buy another Xbox .
I would n't do it again but I really do n't know if I 'm going to get the Xbox again now . "
Serious Sam HD , the high definition reincarnation of the classic alien shooter , Serious Sam , hits PCs on Tuesday , November 24th via Steam .
Hit jump to find out what awaits you in this serious remake !
For those of you unfamiliar with the Serious Sam franchise , it belongs to the multitude of fast paced shooting games of the 90’s namely Unreal and Quake .
As you progress through the story , you continue to fend of hordes of alien enemies that range from the comically cute to dangerously bizarre .
Not only did the game captivate gamers and win multiple awards back when it was released in 2001 , such as Game of the Year ( Gamespot ) and Editors Choice ( IGN ) it also laid the foundation for an expansion , and a full fledged sequel that was released on 2005 .
Fast forward to today , the developers have taken their 2001 masterpiece and updated it to the Serious Engine 3 , which implements improved high resolution textures and character models , along with redesigned maps .
But the game is more than just a candy coated remake , featuring more robust gameplay .
Larger redesigned maps offer players the ability to view the storyline in a manner that the original was n’t able to provide .
Yet , much like its predecessor , it retains the same frantic gameplay , a plethora of aliens enemies along with a giant arsenal of weapons consisting of elemental revolvers , lead spewing miniguns and overpowered cannons that induce more gore in a minute than the average shooter does over its entire game .
If anything , the promise of some mindless alien blasting will be enough to intrigue anyone ’s mind .
The multiplayer component offers 2 - 16 player co-op , a gameplay mode mirroring Valve ’s Left 4 Dead .
As a download only title , it releases at a much lower price point , although this is also partially due to the fact that it is a remake .
Nevertheless , at a pre-order price of $ 18 and a post launch price of $ 20 , this is undoubtedly a bargain .
The game also comes with steam cloud support as the game has been integrated into the Steam platform .
Steam cloud brings extra features such as achievements , global leaderboards and player metadata which allows seamless transfer of settings and saves from one computer to another .
Simply put , as a title that represents twitch gaming at its finest , it should not be missed !
Check out the trailer while you ’re at it !
Among the many structures found submerged was this apparent table with four supports
A unique discovery of submerged man-made structures on the seabed off Orkney could help find solutions to rising sea levels , experts have said .
They said the well preserved stone pieces near the island of Damsay are the only such examples around the UK .
It is thought some of the structures may date back thousands of years .
Geomorphologist Sue Dawson said that people have survived and adapted in the past and it is that adaption to climate change that needs to be learned from .
One of the team , archaeologist Caroline Wickham - Jones , of the University of Aberdeen , said of their freezing investigations under the December seas off Orkney : " We have certainly got a lot of stonework .
There are some quite interesting things .
You can see voids or entrances .
The really interesting thing about this bay is the stories relating to things under the sea and sea - level change .
Our ancestors were dealing with similar problems to ourselves and we'd like to see how they coped with it
Caroline Wickham - Jones
Archaeologist " There 's this one feature that is like a stone table - you 've got a large slab about a metre and a half long and it 's sitting up on four pillars or walls so the next thing we need to do is to get plans and more photographs to try and assess and look for patterns .
" The quality and condition of some of the stonework is remarkable .
Nothing like this has ever been found on the seabed around the UK . "
Geophysicist Richard Bates , from the Scottish Oceans Institute , said : " We 've got other sites down on the south coast of England where we have got submerged landscapes , meso - neolithic landscapes as we have here but what we have n't got anywhere else is actual structures .
" I do n't say that 's unique - that we 'll never find that anywhere else , but so far we have n't seen such things before . "
In general Scotland 's mainland has been getting higher - but the surrounding islands have been sinking .
Sue Dawson , a geomorphologist from the University of Dundee , has been studying how and why the coast line is constantly changing .
She said : " One of the key premises behind a lot of the study of the past is that the past is a key to the present and the future .
" So we can look to times when maybe environmental changes have been much more rapid and much more catastrophic in some instances and people have survived and adapted and it's that adaption to climate change is one of the key things that we need to get to grips with . "
The experts said the seabed around Orkney may be littered with man-made structures .
Experts believe this could be a submerged grave headstone Richard Bates added : " We can look at the terrestrial landscape around here and see how man 's occupied that .
" Pretty much anywhere in Orkney you can see a vista which has part of man within it , ancient man in the environment .
" The similar case is going to be in this drowned landscape so the few places we have seen so far are the biggest features but we expect to see much more as we dissect that landscape in finer and finer detail . "
And they believe that while looking at an uncertain future it may pay to look into the past .
Caroline Wickham - Jones said : " The really interesting thing about this bay is the stories relating to things under the sea and sea - level change .
Our ancestors were dealing with similar problems to ourselves and we'd like to see how they coped with it . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Despite the bizarre claims of some prohibitionists and law enforcement representatives that ‘ no one in America gets arrested or goes to jail for cannabis charges ’ , NORML receives hundreds of emails and letters a week from our fellow citizens who ’ve been negatively impacted by cannabis prohibition laws–notably due to an encounter with law enforcement .
A few weeks ago I received a letter from a father of a young man arrested and incarcerated on minor cannabis - related charges in Arlington , Virginia .
The father ’s lament is deep and profound , beyond the standard pleas for help NORML so regularly receives .
So much so that I asked him if he would send NORML the original letter for publication .
A few local points of interest to those outside of the Washington , DC area .
Arlington county is by most measures one of the more ‘ liberal ’ and tolerant counties in the commonwealth , maybe the most liberal .
Thousands of people who work for the federal government , political partisans , non profit organizations and trade associations reside in Arlington , which has an ever - shrinking native African American community .
The writer clearly sets out to make it clear that supposedly progressive counties like Arlington still have a dark side regarding how disproportionately minorities are ensnared into the criminal justice system for cannabis , and how dramatic the impact is to them , their family members–and the taxpayer ’s of Arlington .
The Barnes family ’s experience in Arlington plays out across the nation every single day , where minorities are arrested at rates three to one , and higher , with even greater disparity regarding incarceration .
In fact the New York Times just reported on such last Wednesday in an apropos article entitled ‘ White Smokes Pot , But Blacks Get Arrested ‘ .
While it is true that most cannabis consumers who get busted for possession do not go to jail or prison on the first offense ( however , tens of thousands of Americans are incarcerated annually on cannabis - related charges , including on mere possession charges , often for subsequent possession arrests ) , a positive drug test submitted whilst on probation can often land otherwise minor cannabis possession cases into jail or prison , most acutely to minorities and the poor .
The practice is called ‘ shock incarceration ’ .
Many citizens–rich and poor , black and white–self - medicate with cannabis to try to work through any number of mental disorders , from bipolarity to attention deficit disorders to post - traumatic stress , however , a life - shattering introduction into the tax coffer - draining criminal justice system is hardly the proper prescription for their health struggles .
Arlington , VA
December 9 , 2009
Re : Joshua Barnes , incarceration for distribution of several ounces of marijuana and probation violation pertaining to same .
Dear Mr. St. Pierre :
On February 13 , 2009 my son Joshua Barnes was incarcerated in Arlington County , Virginia for possession and distribution of four ounces or less of marijuana on three occasions in 2008 and for violation of probation pertaining to several possessions and distribution charges , also of four ounces or less of marijuana in 2005 .
On September 19 , 2009 Arlington County Circuit Judge Benjamin Kendrick sentenced Joshua on the former charge to five years with two and one - half years suspended plus three years of supervised probation effective immediately upon his release .
Then on October 2 , 2009 , fellow Circuit Court Judge James Almond sentenced him to an additional fourteen months of the 2006 four - year suspended sentence , to be served consecutively in the penitentiary .
The combined time will confine my son for roughly forty four months , minus fifteen percent plus an additional three years of probation immediately upon release , all totaling more than six years under law enforcement control and scrutiny .
In Arlington County , as in any predominately white enclave a black before the courts is likely to be the recipient of justice compromised .
Whether you perceive yourself as black , white or any of the other commonly used arbitrary colors to designate one ’s racial / ethnic classification we must step up to the plate and be candid with ourselves in regard to “ what is ” in dealing with this reality .
We must be mindful that we are not dealing with mere machines but humans whose mental processes and emotions do play major roles in the composition of personality .
To put it another way , what we perceive by means of whatever medium molds our conscience , thus ; our reactions are in response .
Invariably , for example , the average white ’s response to black male ’s presence in the immediate vicinity while stopped awaiting the signal light to change is to activate the door locks .
This common response fosters the criminal image of the black male held by whites and negatively impacts the mindset when the latter sits in judgment , be it the role of the judge , juror , or prosecutor on a black fate .
To put it blatantly , for whites one of the foremost traits of blacks is criminal .
When blacks behave accordingly , whites ’ racist contention is fulfilled and appeasement is rewarded as a consequence .
For those in rejoice regarding the behavior it ’s a self - fulfilling prophecy is achieved .
Any major newspaper of cities where blacks are in substantial numbers will have mug shots of black males in their daily crime sections .
This further fuels the mindset regarding and criminal black male and gives greater reinforcement and criminal nature of blacks , particularly the black male .
Therefore , it is illogical and ludicrous to assume ( it is only an assumption ) that the average white judge , juror prosecutor or any other role player involved will suddenly and miraculously be impartial and color - blind when acting in judgment on the fate of a black , especially black male .
Ideally , we wish human nature would allow us to vacate our personal prejudices , if only temporarily .
Justice , as many of us are aware of can be manipulated and often has a price tag .
Unlikely , elite corporates , powerful industrialists , politicians , select entertainment moguls and etc. would be subjected to the same criminal system and receive comparable sentences for distribution of small amounts of marijuana and probation involving the same charges .
It would be utterly unimaginable to witness a Kennedy , Bush , Gates , Bloomberg , Clinton , McCartney , Buffet , Oprah Winfrey or the likes who received the same fate as Joshua for the same non-violent violation .
This tactic of using power to influence justice is probably as old as prostitution and man ’s enjoyment from his marijuana use .
Moreover , this reality is closely akin to the old adage , “ might makes right ” .
Unfortunately , in this regard we are not of the class referenced .
Thus , we are not able to mold justice to render it more human or even unethically circumvent it , as mentioned .
It is a given when it come to white / black matters , ingrained color , prejudice trumps reason .
In my view , most whites do not want to reside with blacks in the same community , desire to worship or dine with them , be buried in the same cemetery and certainly not engage in romantic relationships and etc .
Again it is far - fetched and insane to think that the courts or any segment of society is free of partiality predicated on color of skin .
Theoretically , we as a society do by reason utilize imprisonment as a plausible measure to remove those from the general populace who do harm or present imminent endangerment to society .
We , as the most civilized , technologically advanced with the most powerful military in history , should not make laws to take away human freedom because these are merely laws in - and - of themselves , minus moral judgment .
Compare marijuana ’s use and consequences to some other substances , legal or illegal .
Alcohol use , especially excessive consumption , produces grave consequences in that it contributes to deaths of tens of thousands and causes untold injuries to millions more .
Also , it is the leading cause of certain types of cancer .
In many alcohol related cases , if not most involving manslaughter the guilty is assessed a lighter sentence than Joshua .
For instance , doctors found guilty of medical malpractice resulting in the death of their patients often times are not more severely punished .
Moreover , many other crimes resulting in severe bodily harm receive less incarceration time .
Marijuana use has been around for hundreds if not thousands of years without producing known destruction to human welfare .
In the past few decades tens of millions of Americans have smoked marijuana and millions more still partake .
Statistically , as much as forty - percent of all adult Americans ( They have not moved on to harsher drugs as some contend ) smoke or have smoked marijuana .
Many keep or would keep on occasion a few ounces for their own personal use ( or “ stash ” ) .
“ A Gallup Poll in October found forty - four percent of Americans favor full legalization of marijuana –a rise of 13 points since 2000 , ( “ Support for legalizing of Marijuana Grows Rapidly U.S. ” , Karl Vick , The Washington Post .
Monday , November 23 , 2009 ) . ”
Joshua was a heavy smoker and also consumed substantial amounts of alcohol himself .
His addiction in - and - of itself caused him self - destruction and eventual doom , especially with the commonwealths legal system .
I reiterate the message that history does not provide real horror stories pertaining to consequences of marijuana use .
Conversely , the use of alcohol , heroin , crack , methamphetamine , cigarette , coffee , Tylenol and other contrabands have had devastating impacts on most , if not all of us at some time .
In regard , we do grave disservice to ourselves and society by denying the truth , thus avoidable destruction and pain are prolonged .
As appalling as it is we devote much valued time , energy , and resources to apprehend and imprison citizens for possession and sale of a few ounces of marijuana when we , as a nation , face far daunting tasks .
Violent crimes remain throughout this land .
Many of us cannot safely walk the streets of our neighborhood during daylight hours let alone at night .
Racial and religious hostilities are still prevalent in the land , just to name a few .
The polls show that there is a real movement to transform laws governing marijuana , but many are still staunchly oriented toward maintaining the ages - old practice of filling jail and prison cells with more and more predominately young black males who have no history of violent crimes .
As a result of these immoral practices they cause these families of black males to struggle and endure unwanted suffering .
Resources expended to take away the freedom of these blacks would be more wisely used to educate them and others , but ; those in the prison / court complex are often opposed and they are the real beneficiaries .
The courts are not sentimental and are impervious to the harm and grief brought upon these individuals and their families as a result of the sentenced due to non-violent crimes .
In Joshua ’s case the court also ignored the matter of Joshua ’s Attention Deficit Disorder history .
Moreover , six days following his incarceration on February 13 , 2009 , his girlfriend gave birth to his first son , and our first grandchild .
As a final assessment , any harmful affect to any individual or society as a result of Joshua ’s action is absent .
Conversely , racial animosity and backlash of the systematic imprisonment of black males is a major instrument in widening the wedge in black / white efforts to alleviate vestiges of centuries - old racial inequalities and strife .
In the final analysis , where is the human harm caused by Joshua ’s action ?
Do his actions warrant , in a moral sense the take - away of his freedom and , consequently the denial of a father for his new - born ?
These marijuana laws are likened to the Poll Tax Laws of the Jim Crow Era in that they disenfranchise millions , particularly blacks .
In the near future , history will show that , again we allowed flawed government policies to damage the image , soul , and fabric of America .
In conclusion , we should all hope sincerely and pray , color - blind to a color - blind god that we be delivered from our heart - held prejudices , long entrenched in hatred to a humane state of consciousness where love dictates .
Sincerely ,
Willie Barnes
While you might read a lot of posts about the minimalist aesthetic , as well as on owning less stuff , what is n’t talked about enough is minimalist eating .
As Americans , we eat way too much ( and waste too much food as well ) .
As someone who was at least 60 lbs. overweight only a few years ago , I packed away the food as much as anyone else .
I know what it ’s like to eat entire pizzas by myself , eat super - sized fast - food meals plus extra nuggets and desserts and more , finish the gigantic heaping plates of food that the restaurants serve these days .
It ’s too much , and it ’s led to an obesity epidemic of alarming proportions .
A large part of our healthcare crisis is because of our overeating .
A good part of the solution is to simply eat less .
A separate discussion should be about what we eat — organic , real foods , preferably grown locally , cooked at home with a minimum of processing and packaging .
But today , I ’d just like to talk about eating less .
It ’s something I ’ve focused on in my own life , especially recently , as I look at not only quality of food but quantity .
I think we ’ve been conditioned to eat without thinking , and in doing so to eat way too much .
To stuff ourselves until we ’re gorged .
Which of course is n’t healthy at all .
My focus has been on eating until I ’m not quite full .
I eat until I feel like I want a little more , and then pause .
Breathe .
In about 10 minutes , I realize I ’m satisfied and do n’t need to eat any more .
Some tips if you ’d like to accomplish this :
Only take a small portion to start with .
Do n’t heap the plate .
Eat slowly and mindfully .
Pause between bites .
Savor the food .
Stop before you ’re full , and wait .
Drink water with your food .
Eat every 2 - 3 hours , or embrace the hunger and wait a little longer .
If you get hungry again soon after , eat a small snack — a fruit , some veggies , a handful of nuts .
Cut back slowly .
Do n’t try to eat like a bird at first .
Just eat a little less for now , adjust , and then cut back a little more .
Over time , you ’ll change , and be able to eat less .
You ’ll be healthier ( assuming you were eating too much before ) and lighter and living more sustainably .
As for the herbal smoke and legal bud products we offer on our smoke shop , we are direct importers .
We do all the work for you when it comes to finding what is the best alternative herbal smoke products on the market .
All of the legal high potent blends and herbal smoke that are offered on this site are amongst the absolute best legal bud and herbal smoking blends on the market .
They are the most potent herbal smoke and highest quality smoke shop legal bud available .
Meaning that the herbal smoke & legal buds we offer really does work !
Thousands of satisfied customers world - wide smoke our Legal Buds from our online Head Shop !
Herbal Smoke and Herbal Smoking Mixtures are nicotine and tobacco free .
It also helps you stop smoking naturally .
Smokers have been turning to Herbal Smoke Blends for more than forty years as an smoking alternative to marijuana and tobacco , in order to help quit smoking .
By using our Smoke Shop Blends instead of smoking cigarettes , you reduce your intake of nicotine , making the next tobacco cigarette seem less desirable .
Our single - minded focus is just to provide you the best legal bud , proven herbal smoke blends and legal high potent smoking alternatives to marijuana and tobacco smoking , for your discriminating taste and for the high class " ultimate experience " .
We do not make false claims about our smoke shop products , and continually refuse to sell herbal smoke products that do n't measure up to " high standards " of quality .
Liverpool 's mouth - watering encounter with Arsenal at Anfield on Sunday is the pick of this weekend 's Premier League fixtures .
Watch Liverpool take on Arsenal live on Sky Sports 1 & HD1
Incredible
Liverpool 's mouth - watering encounter with Arsenal at Anfield on Sunday is the pick of this weekend 's Premier League fixtures , and you can catch all the action live onfrom 3.30 pm .
Last season 's corresponding meeting was arguably the game of the 2008/09 campaign as the pair shared a topsy - turvy 4 - 4 draw .
Sharing the points this time around would do neither manager any great favours as each team aims to gain a significant mental fillip ahead of a congested festive programme .
Elsewhere , Aston Villa make the trip to champions Manchester United , Chelsea are aiming to bounce back against Everton , Tottenham Hotspur tackle Wolverhampton Wanderers , Manchester City head to North West neighbours Bolton Wanderers while bottom - of - the - table Portsmouth meet Sunderland .
Rafa Benitez 's theory that the end oftorrid UEFA Champions League journey could reignite their domestic campaign will be put to the test on Merseyside at the weekend .
A midweek defeat to Fiorentina capped off a forgettable European campaign , although there were positives to take as Fernando Torres made a cameo and Alberto Aquilani made his first start for the club .
should be energised for the clash , after Arsene Wenger rotated on Wednesday .
All eyes will doubtless be on Andrey Arshavin after his incredible four - goal haul in this fixture last term , while a win for the Gunners would do much to repair the damage of their recent back - to - back losses .
Chelsea 's slip last weekend has putwithin touching distance of the league leaders .
With this in mind , Sir Alex Ferguson will have his troops 100 per cent focused on professionally disposing of .
But defeating Martin O'Neill 's men should be no easy task .
The fifth - placed outfit are unbeaten in four games and their boss could opt to again utilise the in - form James Milner centrally - a move which proved hugely effective against Hull City .
Yet Villa have never won at Old Trafford in the Premier League , while the Red Devils have lost just one of their previous 31 top - flight games on home soil .
This should make for an intriguing match - up .
Table - topperswere brought back down to earth with a bump when they were undone by Manchester City at Eastlands .
And , having been denied during midweek in the Champions League , Carlo Ancelotti's side have failed to win any of their last three matches - not quite a crisis , but still unthinkable just a week or so ago .
However , the Blues boast an imposing record versus Saturday 's opponents : they are unbeaten in their last 23 games against the Toffees in all competitions .
Furthermore , Chelsea have not conceded a league goal at Stamford Bridge for 10 hours and two minutes .
Yet David Moyes could be optimistic of coming away from the capital with something to show for his side 's efforts , with last weekend 's late draw versus Tottenham likely to have lifted spirits .
Also , there is a possibility that Michael Essien 's four - week absence through injury could hurt the Blues even further .
throwing away of three points at Everton last weekend saw them remain fourth in the table , but victory overon Saturday will ensure they leapfrog North London rivals Arsenal into third , until at least Sunday afternoon .
Harry Redknapp will be concerned at the manner in which his Spurs team folded , but will be hopeful of a response versus struggling Wolves .
However , Mick McCarthy 's men , who sit in the relegation zone , are in decent spirits having won their first match in nine attempts .
The subplot of the clash will be Robbie Keane facing the club where he started his career , but the main storyline centres around the search for a vital three - point haul .
finally ended their incredible run of draws , and in some style , as they overcame Chelsea last Saturday to restate their ambitions of competing with the division 's ' big four ' .
And victory in their meeting withcould feasibly see City climb to fourth in the table , come the end of the weekend .
For Bolton , to say that that their manager Gary Megson is under pressure would be an understatement .
The team is not performing well , having lost five of their last seven matches .
Their form at home has been disastrous while the hunt for a first clean sheet of the campaign goes on .
However , Megson can possibly take heart from City having not scored in their last four Premier League trips to the Reebok Stadium .
It is but a crumb of comfort for the Trotters . ensured they did not become stranded at the foot of the standings after Avram Grant recorded his first win in charge last weekend .
Next they travel to an out - of - sortsside , who invariably perform better at the Stadium of Light than on their travels .
Sunderland 's unpredictable form has seen them steadily slip to 10th in the table , while , similar to their opposition , goals have been an issue of late , having scored just once in their previous four fixtures .
And the head - to - head record favours the visitors , who have won their last three clashes with the Black Cats. andface one another on Saturday lunchtime , live on .
It remains to be seen if James Beattie will start versus the Latics , following his row with manager Tony Pulis and fitness concerns .
However , Pulis could sure be tempted to include the striker , who has scored two goals in three Premier League games against Wigan .
Despite much praise directed in Pulis ' direction for the job he has done this term and some criticism in Roberto Martinez 's , only three points separate the two clubs .
Stoke are arguably favourites , what with their home advantage , while we all remember what happened to Wigan the last time they left Lancashire in search of success .
have surprised most with their excellent form .
Alex McLeish 's side are currently unbeaten in six games while they are seeking a fourth straight win .
Should they achieve said feat then they will match their best ever Premier League run .
Prior to the start of the season , one would imagine this would have been a fairly routine test for Gianfranco Zola's .
Yet , the Hammers are struggling , with their balance between defence and attack yet to click .
Away from home , too , they have been poor , having won just two of their last 12 games on their travels and none of the last six .
The Hammers will know that defeat is not an option when considering their precarious position in the table .
Lastly , hostat the KC Stadium .
The bubble Phil Brown had huffed and puffed to inflate was somewhat deflated by their defeat at Aston Villa .
But a return of eight points from a possible 15 is not form of a side heading for the Championship .
Blackburn may not have lost either of their last two games , in one of which they held Liverpool , but the fact remains that the goals have dried up .
Rovers have failed to hit the back of the net in their previous three outings .
Success for the Tigers would prove a huge boost to their survival push , but Blackburn are unlikely to roll over without a fight , in the knowledge they can put some distance between themselves as the danger zone .
Potter explained to Olbermann how it is truly is " Pop Champagne week " ( as I dub it ) at the moment for Wellpoint , Aetna , Bluecross and his former employers .
" Is it a bailout for the insurance industries ? "
" It certainly is , it contains everything the industry wants , and it's been stripped of things that the industry did n't like , so it absolutely is a big gift , a big bailout to the industry . "
Potter goes on to explain what we all know now , but it hits more considering that he has been there .
He knows how they think , how they operate , and yet , it pains him that their same tactics of the past have somehow worked here in the future .
I really do hope that Ezra Klein , Nate Sliver , Matthew Yglesias , Paul Krugman ( who I support massively ) and the rest of the cheerleaders of " pass this bill , even with how it stands " will take time not only to read what Mr. Moulitsas wrote , what Jon Walker has written in his reply to Sliver , listen to what Olbermann has said , and for me , watch Mr. Potter voice his views ( a man who has been in the industry ) .
And I hope in my heart those who support this sad pathetic thing that 's considered by the President " historic legislation " in the online community see the full story of how hazardous this bill is to our nation .
( From TWD , trying to look at the entire perspective , God bless and good night all ) .
( And , as always everyone , thanks for the Rec's , though it on reporting something that I 'm not thankful about . )
Editor 's Note : Authorities have uncovered an underground tunnel between Tijuana , Mexico and San Diego , California .
Anderson will be live from this new tunnel tonight at 10 p.m. ET .
Inside the border tunnel .
Charlie Moore
AC360° Senior Broadcast Producer
Authorities have uncovered an unfinished tunnel under the border between the United States and Mexico .
The tunnel , complete with an elevator , electricity and a ventilation system , extends from Tijuana , Mexico to Otay Mesa , Calif . , in San Diego .
The tunnel was discovered by Mexican law enforcement working with the San Diego Tunnel Task Force , which includes agents from Immigration and Customs Enforcement , the Drug Enforcement Agency and the U.S. Border Patrol .
The tunnel would have been used primarily , if not exclusively , for moving drugs under the border , according to DEA agents .
Thirteen people were arrested inside the tunnel last week and an investigation into others responsible for planning and building the illegal tunnel is ongoing .
CNN photojournalist Neil Hallsworth takes a dummy car down 90 feet into the tunnel .
The tunnel is approximately 900 feet long and reaches a depth of up to 100 feet .
Law enforcement agents estimate it has been under construction for roughly three years .
The Otey Mesa exit point had yet to be finished , but agents say it was very close to completion .
Over the past year , Mexican and U.S. authorities have ramped up efforts to contain cross - border drug trafficking .
This discovery is the latest in a series of tunnels found in recent months under the California and Mexico border .
Authorities contend the tunnels are used by Mexican organized crime groups to smuggle drugs under the border into the U.S .
One end of the tunnel on the U.S. side of the border , where agents discovered the tunnel and bore into it .
The entrance of the tunnel is in a non-descript warehouse in Tijuana , which contains pallets of soda , paper towels and toilet paper .
To access the tunnel , people would step into a bathroom with a thick concrete false floor connected to a hydraulic system that would lower them down approximately eight feet to the first ‘ room ’ of the tunnel .
This 15 - foot - square room is where agents believe the tunnel workers would squeeze together to sleep .
After the first room , a tunnel shaft extends about 15 feet to a small alcove where there is a dummy car attached to a motorized cable .
The dummy car is lowered on a crude , wooden track to the main tunnel shaft .
The main shaft is about five - feet by four - feet and is solid rock .
Agents discovered jackhammers and crude picks inside which were used to construct the tunnel .
Electric cables and light bulbs run along one side of the tunnel , as well as pipes for water .
A jackhammer discovered inside the tunnel .
The intricate and detailed engineering has led agents to believe that the workers had prior experience in construction .
The dirt floor of the tunnel is littered with things the workers left behind - cigarette lighters , shoes , water bottles and pages torn from magazines .
There is no technology to discover these elaborate tunnels , agents rely only on human intelligence to find them .
The left - wing activist group known as ACORN , the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now , is behind a nationwide effort to hinder motorists with speed bumps , speed traps and other forms of “ traffic calming . ”
According to a strategy memo obtained by Andrew Breitbart ’s BigGovernment .
Com , the group took up smaller community issues such as traffic as a “ quick hit campaign ” to harass local government until it conceded to the group ’s demands .
“ Remember , most anything is possible , because it ’s all a function of power , ” the memo explained .
Because of the relatively low cost of speed bumps , cities generally gave in quickly .
“ If we ’re organizing to address speeding on one block , or basically want to treat this as a quick hit , then we can demand speed bumps for a block , ” the memo explained .
“ Typically , we will have already beaten the crap out of the city on speeding for a while , so they will have set up a mechanism by which blocks can get speed bumps , based upon an annual allocation of funds per council district . ”
The traffic demands were structured in a way that would provide concrete evidence of the group ’s effectiveness to the public , allowing ACORN to boost its credibility in a neighborhood — and its dues - paying membership .
Typical tactics used included handing out multilingual flyers and staging noisy protests in neighborhoods .
“ Who are we ?
ACORN ! ” Greg Mastel shouted through a bullhorn at a 2006 protest in Omaha , Nebraska .
“ What do we want ?
Slower streets ! ”
Similar staged events helped ACORN member Veronica Dunn - Jones open a new branch office for the group in West Las Vegas , Nevada in 2004 .
Dunn -Jones harnessed the speed bump issue to gain media attention that helped her expand significantly .
In addition to speed bumps , the ACORN memo discusses adding unnecessary stop signs , compelling police to set up radar speed traps in neighborhoods and creating other “ traffic calming ” programs .
The memo also explained how the group could use the same issue to harass private businesses .
“ If you ’re tired of beating up on the city for speedbumps … targeting auto dealers would make a lot of sense here , ” the memo stated .
A copy of the memo obtained by BigGovernment .
Com is available in a 25 k PDF file at the source link below .
Source : Basic Issue Development for Organizers ( ACORN , 4/20/2003 )
[ courtesy : thenewspaper.com ]
Overview ( 4 )
Born May 26 , 1962 in Syracuse , New York , USA Birth Name Robert Francis Goldthwait Nicknames The Bobcat
Bobscratch Goldfarb Height 5 ' 7 " ( 1.7 m )
Mini Bio ( 1 )
Spouse ( 2 )
Trade Mark ( 1 )
Loud , trembling voice
Trivia ( 21 )
During his May 9 , 1994 appearance on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno ( 1992 ) , he poured lighter fluid on his chair and set it on fire .
Was the subject ( sort of ) of the independent film Calling Bobcat ( 2000 ) .
In a key part of the film , the two main characters theorize about the sobering effect that drinking olive oil before drinking alcohol can have on the human body .
This is a reference to lines spoken by Bobcat Golthwait 's character in the film Burglar - Die diebische Elster ( 1987 ) .
After the stunt fails , the two characters spend much of the movie trying to track down the comedian .
Biography in : " Who 's Who in Comedy " by Ronald L. Smith , pg. 186-187 .
New York : Facts on File , 1992 .
ISBN 0816023387 .
He 's a longtime childhood friend of " Spongebob Squarepants " voice talent Tom Kenny
Was a close personal friend of Kurt Cobain
He attended Bishop Grimes High School in East Syracuse , graduating with voice actor Tom Kenny , who is best known for his work on SpongeBob Schwammkopf ( 1999 ) .
Goldthwait & Kenny were in the class of 1980 .
Goldthwait 's film Stay ( 2006 ) was recently bought by Roadside Attractions & Samuel Goldwyn Films at the 2006 Sundance Film Festival for the North American rights to the film .
Gaumont also bought it for the international rights to the film .
Recently between June 9 - 17 , 2006 , Goldthwait attended the 2006 CineVegas Film Festival .
He 's also the panelist for the CineVegas " Outlaw Cinema Panel " , which started on June 11th .
Reviews after this day complemented him as the most talkative and the most interesting panelist .
On the Family Guy ( 1999 ) episode , Family Guy : The Perfect Castaway ( 2005 ) , " Peter Griffin " recalls being on a game show , Bobcat or Bjork , where he heard a sound and had to guess if it was by Bobcat , or Icelandic vocalist Björk .
He guessed it was Bobcat , but the host tells Peter it was Bjork .
Finishing up his stand up tour during the writer 's strike .
[ February 2008 ]
has a new comedy album on CD coming out on September 23 , 2003 by Comedy Central Records .
The name of the album is : " I Don't Want To Insult You , But You Look Like Bobcat Goldthwait " ( a.k.a. - The Uninspired Ramblings of a 40 Old Has - Been ) .
[ September 2003 ]
Current feature film in production starting July 2008 : World 's Greatest Dad ( 2009 ) .
[ June 2008 ]
Currently directing ABC's Jimmy Kimmel Live ! ( 2003 ) , where ratings have sky - rocketed since he joined the show , to touring the country with his unique comedy style .
[ April 2005 ]
Since Bobcat Goldthwait released his new film " Sleeping Dogs Lie " ( a.k.a. Stay ( 2006 ) ) , he is now a TV / film director .
It 's not his first time directing for television , though .
In his October 2006 interview in Suicide Girls , he announced that he's not going back to stand - up comedy and has no interest of doing so .
He also admitted that directing is his favorite thing to do .
[ December 2006 ]
Pleaded no contest to charges stemming from setting his chair on fire on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno ( 1992 ) .
Goldthwait was fined $ 3,880 and ordered to do public - service announcements to promote a local burn center .
Along with the fine and PSA's , he was given three years informal probation .
He trashed the set of The Arsenio Hall Show ( 1989 ) , during his appearance in 1994 .
He tried to break a TV monitor , moved the guest couch several times and spray painted a wall with the following : " Paramount Sucks " .
Was very close to the late Robin Williams
Personal Quotes ( 9 )
If you ever see me getting beaten by the police , put down the video camera and come help me !
Do n't chase me around !
Do n't be going ' whhhoooo I 'm gonna sell this to Spike Lee , or Bob Saget . '
[ from " Bob Goldthwait - Is He Like That All The Time ? " on HBO ] : America is one of the finest countries anyone ever stole .
That movie looks so bad , I can't believe I was n't in it .
You can't blame the President for everything that 's wrong with this country .
That 's like blaming Ronald McDonald if you get a bad cheeseburger .
( about fatherhood , 1992 ) Yeah , my kids have already started a support group .
Fame is like a big eraser .
It 's strange , now that I 'm famous .
In my parents ' opinion , all the shitty things - all the wreckage of my past - is erased .
Now it 's like I was never the kid who got arrested .
Now I 'm a wonderful son .
I retired from acting the same time they stopped hiring me .
But following my own thing of making these small indie movies has been the happiest I 've ever been .
I did n't see " Phantom Menace " or the " Attack of the Clones " because I 'm forty years old and I 've been laid .
I lost my job .
I did n't actually lose my job .
My job is still there , but somebody else is doing it .... I lost my girlfriend .
I did n't actually lose my girlfriend .
My girlfriend is still there , but somebody else is doing it .
Facts About Bookkeeper Services
Every single business out there is supposed an organized financial data all the time .
Another important thing is to be able to hire someone that can do this job as efficiently as they can .
This is basically the reason as to why businesses are always looking …
“ Higgs is just a pessimist ” — how often I ’ve come across expressions of that sentiment during the past twenty - five years !
In certain circles , I have become the butt of jokes – some good - natured , some not – by virtue of my alleged pessimism .
Okay , maybe I am somewhat pessimistic .
My wife , who is confident that she knows more about me than I know about myself , says so , and I am certainly not going to take issue with someone who possesses superior knowledge .
But my reputation as a pessimist stems not from the kind of knowledge that my wife possesses in special measure , but from my writings over the years about the growth of government and related matters .
In this context , I have been rather puzzled by many of the accusations of pessimism , because whereas I have always tried to rest my expectations on my knowledge of what happened in the past and my understanding of why those events occurred , those who dismiss or depreciate my prognostications seem to me to be lapsing into wishful thinking – groundless optimism , if you will .
When my book Crisis and Leviathan was published in 1987 , several reviewers took issue with it on the grounds that my forecast – which occupies less than one page at the end of the book – was unduly pessimistic , especially in view of the great transformation that some of them imagined had been wrought by the “ Reagan Revolution . ”
What provoked this bizarre focus on three paragraphs in a book of 372 pages ?
After disavowing any pretense of knowing the future , I wrote that if human society survives ( which is always iffy , given the combination of technological power and moral infirmity ) , we do know one thing :
We know that other great crises will come .
Whether they will be occasioned by foreign wars , economic collapse , or rampant terrorism , no one can predict with assurance .
Yet in one form of another , great crises will surely come again , as they have from time to time throughout all human history .
When they do , governments almost certainly will gain new powers over economic and social affairs .
Everything I have argued and documented in the preceding chapters points toward this conclusion .
For years afterward , I would tell those skeptical of my thesis – people who were convinced that Big Government was gradually being diminished – that the gains in freedom ( which , even at the time , I considered to be more than offset by contemporaneous losses ) would be swept away overnight at the onset of the next great crisis .
When 9/11 occurred , I had occasion to put my views to the test .
Was I wrong then ?
When the current recession came to a head in the financial debacle of September and October 2008 , I had another occasion to put my views to the test .
Was I wrong then ?
I ’m not gloating .
It ’s possible that my views are altogether cockamamey and that the huge spurts of government growth after 9/11 and again after the financial debacle have occurred for reasons that simply appear to validate my views .
I do n’t think so , however : too many of the details fit my scheme .
But consider again the matter I raised at the beginning of this essay : was I right ( or apparently right ) about these events only because these are bad developments , and such developments always seem to confirm the expectations of ex ante pessimists ?
In my years as a basketball player , we used to say after a bad shot fell through the hoop that it ’s better to be lucky than good .
Have my well - confirmed expectations about the post - crisis events of the past decade been simply lucky , rather than soundly based ?
In my work on the growth of government over the past three decades , I have always rested my conclusions on a combination of facts and theory .
I may be wrong about the facts , although those who have disputed my views have not so much claimed that I got the facts wrong as that I misinterpreted them or that I committed sins of omission .
I may also be wrong about the theory , but my theoretical views have seemingly proved their mettle in a variety of applications , in their details and their broad contours , and in one historical episode after another in the modern ( post - Progressive ) ideological era .
In sum , I do n’t believe that my views on the evolution of the U.S. politico - economic order ever did , or now do , simply express my psychological tendency toward pessimism .
So , it has always irritated me when my arguments were dismissed or depreciated on the grounds that “ Higgs is just a pessimist . ”
Such a reaction strikes me as a sort of ad hominem fallacy .
You might as well say that Higgs is wrong about the growth of government because he ’s a jackass ( a trait I am neither confirming nor denying ) .
This past week , however , we have seen President Barack Obama awarded a Nobel Peace Prize , and seen him use the occasion to present the same - old - same - old pseudo - justifications for enlarging the foolish war in Afghanistan and for perpetuating global U.S. hegemony .
As if that shameful travesty were not more than enough insult added to our injuries , we have seen Ben Bernanke named Time magazine ’s person of the year , in the wake of the Fed ’s having placed the U.S. economy in the kind of jeopardy that it has not suffered since World War II .
If you wanted to invent news items to illustrate the black absurdity of our political and ideological situation , you could not have come up with nastier ones .
These sorts of events rarely come as a surprise to me , however : they fit nicely into the analytical narratives I ’ve been writing for decades about where the country is heading and why .
But , as always , I may be wrong .
So , to keep up your spirits , I recommend that you ask some well - established experts what they think .
Chances are that they will reassure you .
After all , as everybody knows , Higgs is just a pessimist .
The father of a 15 - year - old schoolgirl who disappeared without trace 10 years ago has been jailed for a minimum of 22 years after being found guilty of murdering her in a so - called " honour killing " .
Tulay Goren was killed on 7 January 1999 after falling in love with Halil Unal , a fellow Turkish Kurd twice her age , and running away from home to live with him .
Her family disapproved because he was a Sunni Muslim while they were Alevis , a different branch of Islam .
Police believe Tulay 's body was buried temporarily in the back garden of the family home , but her remains have never been recovered .
Her father , 49 - year - old Mehmet Goren , from Woodford Green , north London , was convicted of her murder in an Old Bailey trial and jailed for life with a minimum of 22 years .
His older brother , Ali , and younger brother , Cuma , were both cleared of the charge .
The family , originally from Elbistan , in south - eastern Turkey , adhered to the code of namus , or honour , practised in many rural communities there .
Tulay 's mother , Hanim , gave evidence against her husband of 30 years , telling the jury how she had seen her daughter tied up the day before the murder .
At one point during the trial , she turned to him in the dock and said : " Look at my face .
What did you do to Tulay ? "
Mehmet killed his daughter to restore the namus breached when she ran away to live with Unal , the trial was told .
Police paid tribute to Hanim 's bravery , with Detective Inspector Dave Corby , who led the investigation , saying : " She wanted justice for her daughter .
She has always wanted that . "
It was her decision to tell police the truth , two months after Tulay died , that first alerted them to the fact that the missing schoolgirl had been murdered .
Hanim had initially gone along with her husband 's lie that the girl had run away but , under questioning in March 1999 , decided to tell police what really happened .
" They said : ' What did you do to Tulay ?
Did you do it ? '
I could n't take it any more and I revealed .
I told the truth to police then , everything , " she said later .
Her interview led to police digging up the Gorens ' back garden for the first time , and Hanim went back to tell them more of what she knew in April and June .
In 2001 , the schoolgirl 's father was convicted of grievous bodily harm for an axe attack on Unal outside the Thatched House pub , in Leytonstone , and served three years of a five - year jail sentence .
It was only recently that police were able to pursue the murder charge against him .
The case is the first time the Crown Prosecution Service has used expert witnesses in " honour " crimes .
After the case , Nuray Guler , Tulay 's older sister , urged her father to tell the family where she was buried .
" For my father , I have only one request , " she said .
" I ask that he finally discloses the whereabouts of my sister .
" I wake up at night wondering where Tulay may be .
In quiet moments during the day , I ask myself if she suffered or knew what was in store for her .
" I ask that he put an end to the nightmares that haunt us and allows us to retrieve Tulay in order that she may rest in peace . "
The bustling private - space industry is full of big - dreaming , thrifty innovators .
Here we 've ranked 15 of the most serious contenders in order of their progress toward the goal of bringing cargo and human passengers to space .
About
Lex Luthor Took Forty Cakes is a popular comic book illustration from the 1978 children 's dictionary The Super Dictionary featuring illustrations of heroes and villains from DC comics .
One of the illustrations in the book depicts Lex Luthor , the super - villain character and arch enemy of Superman , running away with a cart filled with 40 cakes .
Origin
The Super Dictionary was published by Holt , Rinehart & Winston in July 1978 .
The book features more than 4,000 alphabetically arranged words , each defined within story sentences involving various DC comic book characters like Wonder Woman , Aquaman and Flash among others .
While the illustrations were meant to educate children through popular DC superheroes , some of the more absurd and campy situations portrayed in the book became a subject of internet mockeries .
One of the most memorable instances involves the supervillain character Lex Luthor stealing a cart full of cakes ( shown bellow , right ) .
When no one was looking , Lex Luthor
took forty cakes .
He took 40 cakes .
That 's as many as four tens .
And that 's terrible .
Spread
One of the first online references to Lex Luthor 's 40 cakes may have appeared in a YTMND uploaded on September 8th , 2005 .
Throughout 2006 and 2007 , the image has made its way to other sites including Digg , Collegehumor , Nextround , 4 chan ( Post 1249916 ) , and YTMND .
The image and the book have been frequently discussed and referenced in various forums including SuperheroHeroHype , World of Warcraft , Ebaum 's World , and Comic Book Resource .
40 Keks
After the slang term " kek " became popular , an Expand Dong version of the image became popular that replaced the word " cake " with the homophone " kek " .
The usage became synonymous with " lulz " on image boards .
Canonicity
The popularity of Forty Cakes has led it to be introduced into the DC Comics canon .
Superman # 709 released on March 16 , 2011 , features a flashback where Clark Kent has been placed in detention during his high school years for skipping class .
During his detention he has one of his first encounters with a young Lex Luthor :
Derivatives
Search Interest
Know Your Meme Store
External References
Assessors at the Gifted Children 's Information Centre in Solihull said Oscar , with an IQ of at least 160 , is one of the brightest children they have every come across .
The case is deeply divisive in the volatile Kashmir Valley , which lies at the heart of the rivalry between India and Pakistan .
The two have been to war twice over the province , which was divided between them when British India was partitioned in 1947 .
Many Kashmiris reject the territorial claims of both countries and want independence .
The delicacy of the case was on display in the courtroom here .
When officials from the Central Bureau of Investigation began to give a presentation for the judges , the women ’s relatives shouted accusations of a cover-up .
They shouted their suspicion that the women had been abducted while returning home from the family orchard on the outskirts of the town of Shopian and then raped and killed .
The agency filed charges against 13 people , including 6 doctors , 5 local lawyers , an activist and the brother of one of the dead women .
The charges included fabricating evidence and intimidating witnesses after the recovery of the two bodies .
Speaking to reporters after his presentation of the evidence in court , Anil Bhan , a lawyer for the Central Bureau of Investigation , said that the bodies of the women were exhumed in the presence of their family members , that a medical inspection showed that Ms. Jan had not been raped , and that the evidence indicated that she was a virgin when she died .
He added that experts from the All India Institute of Medical Sciences , India ’s elite medical school , had completed the examination .
An autopsy report prepared by local doctors said that the women had been raped before they were killed .
But the Central Bureau of Investigation report says the doctors gave false post - mortem reports and sent slides for DNA examination that had been tampered with .
“ It now seems that whole charade of investigation by multiple agencies , one after the other , was aimed at shielding the culprits rather than bringing them to book , ” said Mehbooba Mufti , the president of the opposition People ’s Democratic Party .
She described as “ cruel irony ” the move to file charges against “ the family , the witnesses , lawyers and those who have wanted justice to be done . ”
For those of us who remember being teenagers ( especially at the dawn of the Internet age ) , the fact that young people are making use of their cell phones to send sexually suggestive content is not only unsurprising , it 's downright expected .
Still , the phenomenon ( tragically referred to as " sexting " ) is constantly being examined in the context of cyberbullying , privacy , and child pornography laws .
To that end , the Pew Internet & American Life Project has released a new report on teens and sexting in hopes of gaining further insight into why and how young people send T&A to each other .
Pew conducted a nationally representative study in the US for three months this year , surveying 800 teenagers between the ages of 12 and 17 .
The conclusions of the report are n't particularly mindblowing : the growing dependence on cell phones affects teenagers just as much as adults , and since texting has become key to teenage social interactions , it is now often used to send messages of sexual nature .
Only four percent of cell phone - owning teens claim to have sent a nude photo of themselves to someone else , but 15 percent have received such a photo or video .
Teens who are heavier cell phone users tend to send and receive more of these than those who are n't very dependent upon their phones — no surprise there , since if you use your phone less , you 're less likely to be part of a circle that might induce you to snap a photo of your naughty bits .
The reasons for sending " sexts " are obvious , too : some teens send them to their romantic partners , some send them to people they want to be in a relationship with , and some are forwarded to others outside of the relationship .
The reasons for the latter range from simple curiosity to downright blackmail — interestingly , many of the teen quotes included in the report portray this attempt at blackmail as no big deal and something that just happens every so often .
( For the record , I would be mortified if something like that happened to me , but I would absolutely try to pass it off as no big deal .
Do n't give the blackmailer the power , kids ! )
Many teens in the report agreed that the content is often sent out of peer pressure , but others supported the notion that it's a safer alternative to real - life sex .
Pew noted that kids whose parents regularly looked at the content of their phones were no more or less likely to be involved in sexting , but did note that restriction of text messaging in general did seem to cut down on the behavior .
And , despite the teens ' somewhat blas� attitude toward the whole thing , there are reasons to be concerned — after all , there have been some cases this year in which law enforcement has tried to file charges against the sexting teens themselves for , well , possession of child porn .
Add in the blackmailing and cyberbullying element and there 's potential for quite a mess .
Bring Robust and Scalable
ROR Architecture in Your Project
The superlative fragment around Ruby programming is that it bids an all - encompassing set of libraries by following the MVC architecture .
By using this framework , web applications can be made flawless , easy to use and secure .
Meet your requirement with ease by hiring from our talented pool of Rails Certified Programmers with profound knowledge of Ruby on Rails programming .
Some old - and - busted technologies die gracefully of natural causes .
Pagers , PDAs , floppy disks -- they 're gone , and good riddance .
But other obsolete tech lingers on , even though better alternatives abound that are easier , cheaper , higher quality and much more efficient .
Here are 10 dumb technologies we should get rid of in 2010 :
1. Fax Machines
The fax machine was obsolete 15 years ago .
When someone says " fax it to me , " I always feel like I 'm being punk'd .
A fax machine is nothing more than a printer , scanner and an obsolete analog modem that work together to waste time , money , paper and electricity .
Documents that are faxed usually start out in digital format .
So , to send a digital document digitally , it must be converted into a paper format .
You insert the document , and the fax machine scans it back into a digital format .
It then uses an analog modem from 1993 to convert the digital image into sounds !
The modem plays the noise over the phone line .
At the other end , another fax machine also has a modem , which listens to the sounds , and converts them yet again into a digital document , just before it prints it out on paper .
Now the data in the document has to be converted somehow into a digital format -- either scanned or typed in by hand .
The document almost always begins and ends in digital format .
But during this epic journey , the document is digital four times , paper twice and sound once .
The mass delusion that perpetuates this obscenely inefficient technology is that paper " hard copy " is somehow more legitimate .
In fact , gluing a copy of someone 's stolen signature to a document , then faxing it , is the easiest way mask a forgery because of the low quality of fax output .
People , let 's stop the madness .
Just e-mail it .
2. ' Cigar lighter receptacle ' plugs in cars
The idea of building cigar / cigarette lighters into car dashboards originated in the 1920s .
The technology was perfected in the 1950s .
Decades later , the automobile industry is still building these weird sockets into cars , but now usually without the actual lighter .
As electrical outlets , dashboard lighter ports are dangerous , unreliable , underpowered , inconvenient , unsightly and expensive .
They require that you purchase a special plug and / or adapters , which add clutter to your car .
All cars should have standard household electrical outlets , with the converter built in .
Or USB ports that can charge gadgets .
Or both .
Almost nobody smokes in their cars .
Almost everybody carries phones and gadgets that need power in the cars .
Sheesh .
How obsolete can you get ?
3. WWW
The original idea with Internet addresses is that a prefix would identify the type of service provided .
So , for example , www.apple.com identifies Apple 's " World - Wide Web " servers , and ftp.apple.com points to the company 's offerings available via the " File Transfer Protocol . "
Network administrators get to choose whether an address technically requires a " www . "
But browsers fill it in for you even when you do n't type it .
That 's why saying " www " as part of an address , printing it on business cards or typing it into your browser address box is always unnecessary .
We stopped using " http : / / " years ago , and it 's time to stop using " www " as well .
4. Business cards
Speaking of business cards , why do we still carry around 19th - century " calling cards " ?
When someone gives you a business card , they 're giving you a tedious data entry job , one that most people never complete .
There are several alternatives to business cards , all superior .
If the meeting is arranged by e-mail , include contact information in the invitation and reply as e-mail signatures , attached vCards , links to contact Web pages or some other electronic form .
Besides , you should always learn in advance what you can about people you 're going to meet , and that 's a good time to enter their contact information .
And if you just run into someone , and exchange contact information , it 's best to do it by e-mail or some other means on the spot , with cell phones .
Adding someone to your contacts should involve double clicking or , at most , copying and pasting -- not data entry .
5 . Movie rental stores
We 're now two revolutions away from the heyday of driving to Blockbuster , standing in line , renting a video and driving home .
Movies are nothing more than digital files .
You can download them , or get them on disk by mail .
Driving ?
Standing in line ?
For an electronic file ?
Come on !
Allow me to present you with two quotes from Representative Jim Sensenbrenner ( R - WI ) , one from March 2007 and one from December 2009 :
[ T ]he Administration is allegedly curbing Federal scientists from presenting scientific findings that are at odds with its policies .
Before we start screaming “ McCarthyism , ” we should examine how little merit these accusations actually have .
( Source )
and
These e-mails betray the true thoughts and motives of many leading climate scientists .
It shows a pattern that ’s closer to scientific fascism than the scientific method .
( Source )
The first was Sensenbrenner defending the Bush Administration from accusations ( later proven ) that scientists were being pressured and their work interfered with for political reasons .
The second refers to the Swiftboating of CRU scientists ( aka Swifthack – see here for the best roundup of links on this subject I ’ve found on the Web ) .
Care to explain your apparent hypocrisy , Rep Sensenbrenner ?
Also , two different journal publishers have publicly said that the contents of the emails are not sufficient justification to open an investigation into scientific misconduct .
The journal Nature :
The stolen e-mails have prompted queries about whether Nature will investigate some of the researchers ’ own papers .
One e-mail talked of displaying the data using a ‘ trick ’ — slang for a clever ( and legitimate ) technique , but a word that denialists have used to accuse the researchers of fabricating their results .
It is Nature ’s policy to investigate such matters if there are substantive reasons for concern , but nothing we have seen so far in the e-mails qualifies .
The American Meteorological Society ( and publishers of eleven different journals ) :
Welcome to the official fan site of Kick - Ass 2
Chris D’Amico / The Motherf % &* ^r : “ A world full of superheroes … wait till they get a load of me .
I ’m gonna make Kick - Ass pay for what they did to my dad ! ”
A sequel to the highly successful Kick - Ass movie in 2010 , Kick - Ass 2 features several returning actors from the original film reprising their roles .
The film was released in August 16 , 2013 in the US , while it was released 2 days earlier , August 14 , in the UK .
The movie received mixed reactions from critics .
Plot :
The movie picks up after Dave Lizewski ( Aaron Taylor - Johnson ) retires from being Kick - Ass but because he was bored began training again with Mindy Macready ( Chloe Grace Moretz ) aka Hit - Girl .
Chris D’Amico ( Christopher Mintz - Plasse ) , after his father ’s death and after accidentally killing his mother , takes over his father ’s criminal empire and dons an S&M outfit to become supervillain The Motherfucker .
While Dave resumed his superhero role as Kick - Ass and joined the Justice Forever team headed by Colonel Stars and Stripes ( Jim Carrey ) , Mindy gets busted by her guardian and was forced to give up her cape and live life as an ordinary high school student , but eventually makes a comeback .
Meanwhile , The Motherfucker started his own team of villains bent on taking revenge on Kick - Ass .
The Motherfucker and Kick - Ass battle with the former losing it out to the superhero .
As he was about to drop from the building , Kick - Ass extends a hand , but The Motherfucker opted to fall into his demise .
The first installment to this movie was hugely successful that it had a huge cult following .
Kick - Ass 2 takes on the same formula of violence , extremely foul language , and sexual innuendos that go beyond your usual superhero movie , but where the first movie was fun and witty , Kick - Ass 2 takes on a more conventional approach to the storyline .
Of course , the movie thrives on comedic lines but it also has its share of dramas .
For its modest budget for a superhero movie , the action scenes were decent although there may be some shot using green screen backdrops .
The main characters are holding up well in their roles with some standout moments and some interesting character arcs .
Now grown up , Chloe Moretz fits into the kick ass , cursing Hit - Girl and the more ordinary high school student Mindy .
Christopher Mintz - Plasse is a great villain for this comedy film .
Kick - Ass 2 also has a nice set of supporting casts to boot .
All in all , Kick - Ass 2 was not as awesome as the first movie , but it delivers .
It ’s good in that it has all the signature elements of the Kick - Ass movie series , but it is n’t as cutting edge as the first one .
But this movie is sure to satisfy hardcore fans of the first film !
Manchester United forward Wayne Rooney plays for arguably the biggest football club in the world and at a stadium that holds more than 76,000 .
A shade over 23 miles down the road from Old Trafford , Rooney 's younger brother , John , is carving out a career of his own at the rather more modest surrounds of Moss Rose , the home of League Two side Macclesfield Town .
The potential of the 18 - year - old , who turns 19 on 17 December , has not gone unnoticed this season , with scouts flooding in great numbers to watch the youngster with the famous surname .
Rooney has impressed with his dedication and attitude
Macclesfield manager Keith Alexander recently told me that one definite bid has already been tabled for the player while he has received numerous enquiries from other clubs .
" People are looking at him every week , " said Alexander .
" We will do well to hang on to him in January and I would be surprised if my phone is not red hot . "
One of the clubs keen to sign him is rumoured to be Southampton - and although it is unknown how much Macclesfield would get for Rooney , it would almost certainly be a handsome return on the calculated gamble they took back in March 2007 .
Rooney Jr arrived at Moss Rose after being released by Everton .
Toffees scout Frank Sharp recommended him to Town but it was immediately obvious that there would be a lot of work to do .
" John was in his last year at school , " Town youth team manager John Askey told me .
" He was slightly overweight to say the least . "
Askey talked to Rooney 's school , De La Salle in Croxteth , and arranged for the 16 - year - old to train with Macclesfield 's youth team twice a week .
By the summer Rooney had impressed enough to earn a two - year scholarship .
" As soon as you looked at him in training you could see that he loved the game - he was football daft , " said Askey .
" He worked his socks off and his mum was a big help with his diet , making sure that he was eating the right things . "
Askey and centre of excellence manager Mick Holgate monitored his body fat every month and constantly set him new targets .
Rooney always showed good stamina but they devised drills to improve his speed over the crucial first 10 yards .
" We helped him get fit and so did his family but he wanted to do it , he has reaped the rewards since and all credit to John for that , " said Askey .
Rooney 's attitude and dedication ensured that after the first year of his scholarship he was offered a professional contract and signed a two - year deal in July 2008 .
But there was obviously more to Rooney than the application he had shown to achieve the required fitness .
His ability had been obvious to Askey from the very beginning .
" John has got a fantastic touch , that and his passing ability is the best I have seen for someone of his age , " said Askey .
" Then there is his awareness - in terms of his footballing brain he is streets ahead of a lot of other players . "
Remind you of anyone ?
Alexander took over as first - team manager in February 2008 and immediately noticed Rooney and Shaun Brisley , who has gone on to establish himself as a regular in Town 's backline .
Within a month of his arrival , he had handed Rooney his debut in a 3 - 0 win over Barnet .
And the Macclesfield boss echoed Askey 's description of Rooney 's attributes .
He was fulsome in his praise of the work Rooney does to maintain his fitness , stating : " I have no qualms at all about how well he looks after himself in his private life and he is always first on the training pitch and last off regardless of the weather . "
Alexander also pointed to Rooney 's ability to spot a pass and described his best position as either just behind the strikers or as part of a three - man midfield .
Both Askey and Alexander pointed to a similarity between Wayne and John in terms of their on - field behaviour .
" He has a good temperament , very much like his brother - he gets mad and angry with everybody , including himself , " is how Alexander put it .
Askey reckons : " He has that fiery will to win at all times and sometimes he gets frustrated with other players because he can see things that they do n't . "
Comparisons between the two brothers are to an extent unfair as Wayne is one of the most talented English players of his generation .
But Askey was candid enough to admit that even though Wayne is hardly renowned for his pace , he at least has a turn of speed that his younger brother does not possess .
Alexander pointed to physique as another difference .
Wayne has amply demonstrated his ability to look after himself but , in contrast , John is slight in build .
Older brother Wayne is an international superstar
" When we have the sort of game that is away from home , played in atrocious conditions and against a team packed with big 'uns in the middle of midfield , it does n't suit John , " said Alexander , who has shown a willingness this season to protect Rooney .
The Macc boss describes Rooney as two - footed but wants him to work on his finishing , thus ensuring that he can capitalise on the positions that he has the ability to ghost into .
And as much as it cannot be easy when your older brother is a man on whom many of England 's World Cup hopes rest , John must learn to manage his own expectations .
" He wants to succeed and there is no harm in that whatsoever but he has such high hopes for himself and I think he puts himself under a lot of pressure , " said the Macc boss .
Askey reckons that Rooney , who at one point moved in with his older brother in Prestbury to cut down on travelling , has the type of qualities that will flourish when he plays at a higher level .
He also thinks that the Rooney surname is both a curse and a blessing - it helps to get John noticed but puts pressure on the youngster to deliver the goods .
Rooney Jr , who is apparently extremely uncomfortable in front of the media , has , in contrast to his brother , so far had a relatively low - key start to his career .
He has made slightly more than 30 first - team appearances ( including an FA Cup tie against Everton ) and scored four goals .
Nonetheless his combination of talent and hard work seems certain to elevate Rooney to a higher level in January .
Askey expressed the hope that , although he may not go on to play Premier League football , John will fulfil his potential .
Whether or not that means he will ever move out of his brother 's considerable shadow remains to be seen - but if everything I have heard about the younger Rooney is true , it will not be for the want of trying .
You can follow me throughout the season at twitter.com / Paul__Fletcher
Sex is a gift from God .
It is meant to unite a husband and wife and to bring life into the world .
The Catholic Church has always held that to remove either aspect perverts the sex act as designed .
Artificial birth control can be directly linked to our current abortion rate , sexual promiscuity , births to single mothers , adultery , and the treatment of women as sex objects .
Prior to the invention of the " pill " all Christian faiths , the Muslim faith , as well as others , believed birth control to be against God 's will and therefore a sin .
In the 1960s , under pressure from society most all Christian faiths caved and changed their position , the Catholic Church did not .
In fact , if you read the encyclical called Humanae Vitae , which addressed artificial birth control , you will see exactly how much the Catholic Church loves the faithful and desires only the best for all of humanity :
http://www.papalencyclicals.net/Paul06/p6humana.ht...
Today 's society considers artificial birth control to be the norm .
We have been told so often that it is the responsible way , and that we should not ever have to deny our sexual urges .
Both these ideas are wrong .
The Catholic Church , and the Bible , teach that sexual intercourse is a means by which a husband and wife share their love and their bodies without holding back .
It is to be selfless in every way , a gift of one to the other .
The most beautiful thing that can come of such love is human life .
God does not need us to make people for him , he allows us to participate in creation with him .
It is n't about making more Catholics , it 's about human life , about God 's plan , about self - control and loving someone so much you do n't want to use them but give to them .
Marriage is meant to mirror the love Christ has for his bride , the Church .
Can you imagine Christ holding anything back ?
No , Christ 's love for us is life giving , and our love for each other should be the same .
Abstinence can be a time of sacrifice for a couple , they can turn to prayer , and share in an expression of love that is non-sexual .
There is nothing wrong with not having sex every time you feel like it .
In fact , abstience actually increases sexual desire .
Married couples who can have sex whenever they want , take it for granted and end up having sex less often than NFP couples .
From the statistical side , here are some facts :
The average married couple has sex twice a week .
This means that people , even who use birth control , are only having sex about 8 days a month .
If a couple using Natural Family Planning ( which is abstinence during fertile times ) were to have sex every day they could without getting pregnant , they'd have sex at twice the national average .
Natural Family Planning is 99 % effective when used properly .
It 's healthier .
Women who use NFP tend to be more in tune with their bodies and are usually aware of any problems or diseases in the very early stages .
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/health/6375261.stm
Hormonal birth control has been linked to cancer .
Also it causes weight gain and moodiness .
Contraception has given us the idea that sex is sterile and only procreative when we want it to be .
Hence we need abortion for the times when birth control fails .
54 % of women seeking abortions say they were using birth control ( pill or condoms ) when they got pregnant .
Because we have come to consider sex with out procreation the norm , we need a fall back plan and that plan is abortion .
Contraception has also contributed to an increase in adultery and sex outside of marriage .
The Catholic understanding of " procreation " and its importance in God 's plan is not a chapter and verse , but a look at the Bible as a whole .
God 's plan for all of humanity , his plan for salvation , and his love for us .
Human beings is what salvation is all about .
Jesus Christ , became a human being in order to bring us salvation .
He reaffirmed the importance of life .
The Catholic Church has always held that all life is sacred from conception to natural death , and we have the responsiblity to be open to that life and guard it .
http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/comment/faith/art...
http://www.geocities.com/Heartland/2964/birthcontr...
http://www.catholic.com/library/Birth_Control.asp
http://www.memoryhole.net/kyle/2005/08/natural_fam...
http://www.cathnews.com/article.aspx?aeid=11004
Konamistyle has hinted a 19 disc original soundtrack for the Castlevania series dubbed Akumajo Dracula Best Music Collection BOX to be on sale March 24 , 2010 in Japan for 21,000 yen ( ~ $ 230 USD ) .
The soundtrack is to include the music from every single published Castlevania game including the spin - off , Kid Dracula .
The 18 disc set will contain arrangement from former Konami composer Michiru Yamane with a bonus DVD with interview and footage from recording sessions .
Currently there are no announcements for releases outside of Japan .
The lost boys tendria que estar mas tirando hacia darkness también , por que eran una pack de vampiros que destripaban gente cayéndoles desde arriba de los arboles , dormían en una caverna colgando del techo en forma híbrido murciélago - humano .
Buffy podría tirar también a macho dado que después de la 3 temporada la serie se puso lovecraftiana y mas que porrista buffy era un camionero samurai con tetas o Blade mujer para el publico blanco .
Underworld debería estar mas en homo , si bien la protagonista es una " Perra " los vampiros de la serie son una caterva de homos reprimidos hiper fashion welcome to the matrix .
Si tengo que elegir de todas esas , me quedo con Gary " The fucking master " Oldman en versión dracula viejo en transilvania perturbando a Keannu " Soy de madera " Reves
Y después la mitología de nosferatu con su actor bizarro garpa muy bien .
Sacando que los libros en los que esta basada la trilogía de moda es un choreo de Vampire Diaries , hay que admitir que mejoraron un toque de la primera película a la segunda , la parte histeria no garche pelotudismo atómico e insufrible actuación pedorra de personaje principal femenina y personaje principal masculino a un lado , dentro de todo los vampiros del final ( Dakota " como crece la nena " Fanning a la cabeza ) algo la caretean , y los hombres lobo le ponen un poco de diversión .
Igual aca la posta es Tru Blood ........... todo lo demás no existe .
Responder
Citar
Comentado :
03/12/2009 - 11:36:15
When Does Final Fantasy XIII Come Out ?
by David ' Hades ' Becker [ Friday , 13th of November 2009 - 04:23 PM ]
That is n't the only thing this video has though .
They also go in to tell about some of the choices they made in visuals , the combat system , and the selection of the game 's theme song .
Oh , and also that the release date for North America and Europe is going to be on March 9th .
That 's right , a bit sooner than rumors were circulating .
But also right in the middle of a load of other big title releases .
But I 'm sure that wo n't hurt the game at all .
I just have no clue how I am going to juggle all of the spring titles now as my soul will be sucked into this and God of War III for March .
That 's after getting it back from BioShock 2 and Dante 's Inferno the month prior .
Jeez Square , you know how to choose a date .
Here is the video with all of fantasy goodness now that I have babbled .
How much should a language 's core library contain ?
Perl 5 has included the CGI module as long as I can remember .
( Module : : CoreList suggests a first release in Perl 5.004 , released in May 1997 . )
It has support for the API of a Perl 4 library called cgi-lib.pl , which came around even longer .
You can count on having the CGI module installed on any complete Perl 5 installation deployed in the past decade .
( Even so , many novices asking questions on sites such as PerlMonks still show off their own copied and pasted CGI parsing routines which have somewhere between four and ten bugs , misfeatures , and security holes . )
You can argue that a CGI parameter and HTML generation module was essential throughout the late '90s and early 2000s , but look at the growth of PHP ( with much easier deployment than Perl 5 ) and the popularity of frameworks such as Ruby on Rails ( which lets you go from nothing to a database - backed CRUD application in ten minutes ) and tell me that CGI. pm as a core library meets the needs of the dominant set of likely users .
I do n't mean that people do n't use CGI or should n't , but that it 's worth considering if its presence in the core meets the current needs of the current Perl 5 users and likely Perl 5 users .
You can make the argument that there 's little cost to including this module for novices and expecting adepts to be able to install something else , but every additional core library adds a maintenance cost .
The thesis behind this site -- behind the idea of " Modern Perl " -- is that writing Perl today the same way you did in 1997 misses most of the power of the language .
Yet if you look at the internals of the CGI . pm module , you see that it reads like the author does n't know how to write modern Perl .
There 's a good reason for this ; it 's stayed essentially the same in design and implementation since its earliest conception .
Fifteen years ago , no one knew the best way to use objects in Perl 5 .
No one knew the right way to delay loading frequently - unused code to speed up compilation time .
It was n't staggeringly obvious that separating the concerns of HTML generation and argument processing was necessary or good .
Perl 5 developers had n't gone through the pain of implementing , understanding , using , and maintaining an API that wants to be stateful and procedural and OO while reusing almost all of the same code .
This is not a slight on Lincoln or Perl 5 developers in the '90s or anyone .
We ( and notice that this is a collective noun ) did n't know what code we would wish we had written back then .
We know better now , and hopefully code we write now will survive better the next decade .
This task of evolution could have been easier , but tradition impedes all but the most serious changes to APIs shipped with Perl 5 .
Backwards compatibility means never having to say your first attempt was n't perfect .
It 's a tricky situation .
A library that was the obvious best option at the time makes sense in a the core library .
As time goes on , it becomes less obvious , but it 's difficult to change because people are using it and it becomes difficult to remove because people are using it , and new people start using it because there 's little friction to start using it , but the people in the know do n't use it because it 's not obviously the best choice ... and you have a world in which people in the know can write really great Perl 5 code and people who start using Perl 5 write clunky Perl 5 code because the whole process makes it easiest for them to write clunky code .
Assume that decent programmers in the know will always be able to improve their ability to write great code .
What if we focused on encouraging novices to write great code ?
( They wo n't write great code immediately , but we can encourage them to write less clunky code by discouraging them in ways they wo n't even notice from writing clunky code . )
How do you avoid the problem of effectively freezing good libraries forever by putting them in the core where they 're easy for novices to use and too tempting for adepts to ignore ?
I think you subvert the whole process and get rid of core libraries .
Next up , how this can work in practice .
( For fun , ponder the existence of Perl 6 and its answer to this problem at the language level . )
Dark forces at work ( Image : Andy Martin
WHERE will astronomers stop in their love affair with the enigmatic substance called dark matter ?
First we were told it was essential to allow a galaxy to spin without falling apart .
Then it was the glue that held clusters of galaxies together .
Later it was said to have catalysed the formation of the galaxies in the first place .
Now , surely , they have gone too far .
If the latest theories pan out , dark matter has also given us some of the world ’s most enduring astrological myths .
In this rational age , we have come to recognise constellations as chance alignments of groups of stars .
No longer do we think of Orion as a mighty hunter , brought down by the sting of a fateful encounter with the scorpion Scorpius .
Yet it seems that an unseen hand may after all have been responsible for placing these stars in the sky .
Hints are emerging that around 30 million years ago , a giant clump of dark matter struck our part of the Milky Way , creating a rippling disc of star formation that eventually produced Orion ’s belt , the bright ruby jewel of Antares in Scorpius , and many more of the sky ’s most notable stars .
If the scenario is correct , it could guide us in the search for a solution to one of the abiding mysteries of physics : what exactly is dark matter made of ?
In the middle of the 19th century , the English astronomer John Herschel noticed that we are surrounded by a ring of bright stars .
But it was Boston - born Benjamin Gould who brought this to wider attention in …
Looks like Verizon Wireless has a fresh supply of ammunition for its next wave of commercials for the Motorola Droid .
In the latest annual survey by Consumer Reports , released Tuesday , Verizon topped the rankings of major wireless phone carriers in the United States .
The survey awarded high marks to Verizon for customer support , voice connectivity and data services .
T - Mobile came in second , Sprint third and AT&T came in last place .
The unscientific but widely followed survey , which spanned more than 50,000 Consumer Reports readers in 26 cities , found that AT&T ’s main weak spot is voice connectivity , but the carrier got panned in everything except Web access and texting .
I ’ve written extensively on the challenges that AT&T , which is the sole carrier of the Apple iPhone in the United States , has faced trying to meet the demands of data - guzzling smartphones on its networks .
The popularity of the iPhone has been something of a mixed blessing for the telecom company .
While the iPhone has clearly won new customers for AT&T , it has also prompted many complaints about dropped calls , spotty service , delayed text and voice messages and glacial download speeds .
“ It ’s been a challenging year for us , ” said John Donovan , the chief technology officer of AT&T told me during an interview earlier this year .
“ Overnight , we ’re seeing a radical shift in how people are using their phones .
There ’s just no parallel for the demand . ”
AT&T has said that the company is spending a big chunk of cash on upgrading its network , including erecting an additional 2,100 cell towers to fill out patchy coverage and provide stronger cell signals .
The upgrades are expected to be completed by next year , and the company has said it is already seeing improvements .
The Consumer Reports survey found that iPhone owners are willing to put up with a creaky network just to have the device :
The survey found that 98 percent of iPhone owners liked their phones enough to buy it again , despite the sub - par ratings for AT&T .
Dear Phil , I have followed along with your commentary and alerts and have been flabbergasted at your quick analytical skills and your journalistic skills to explain it clearly .
In a little over three weeks I have cleared almost 1000.00 dollars and got an intensive education at the same time .
I would like to immediately upgrade my membership .
It is hard for me to follow all evening as I am in Tokyo but I can join you at the beginning of the market and read the next day .
Tokyolife
Phil , I meant to post over the weekend , but I was busy having fun .
Last week was a very nice week for me , and I wanted to thank you for all that you do .
I am pretty much back to cash and really feel like I am learning .
I have out performed the $ 5 kp by a very large margin .
Thanks again for the service you provide .
Scotbraze
Phil , I do n't know how I can thank you enough for your guidance this past week .
I 'm up significantly in my portfolio and I 've never been so relaxed watching the market panic .
Thanks once again for being here for us .
thechaser
I started with $ 250,000 in cash as of Oct 1 and have realized gains of $ 81,000 thru close of business .
And that 's in an IRA with no margin or naked trades .
Whenever you are in Argentina or Chile I owe you a drink .
I 'm looking forward to it .
Denlundy
Phil – Great calls yesterday , you were in top form .
As I was reading your postings , I had hindsight of what the day brought .
The calls were uncanny !
Jfawcett
Thanks
Phil for all you do .
I feel like I do n't read all the newsprint because when I check in with you I know I get the " real " scoop .
Your service is number Uno in my book for all the knowledge and teaching .
I ignored the aapl spin and am now enjoying some rewards .
Every AM
I get my Phil fix and throughout the day any important links .
Mucho gracias .
It leaves me time for my volunteer work besides the investing .
Pirateinvestor
Looking over your main themes last week , the " China may fall first " and " if you missed it previously , Thurs am gives you a second chance to short " were absolutely on target .
I had to rely on stop - losses because of my schedule but just those two calls could have been worth a small fortune .
Keep it up and I look forward to your new portfolio .
Ocelli
Phil : I am always able to figure out your trades , including the rational when put in the right context of previous comments , etc .
Keep doing what you 're doing .
It is much appreciated , and invaluable .
Your hit rate of successful trades has been very high in my 1.5 months as a member , but even more importantly is your teaching of how to repair and DD positions that have n't gone your way yet .
As with most members , we all have our ‘ pet ' trading interests , and learning how to think about trading is much more important than a specific trade , which could see the conditions behind it change an hour later .
This is the classic case , of ‘ Teach us to Fish ' , rather than just giving us a fish once in a while .
Thank you !
Neverworkagain
I have been a member for over six years and I still learn something new every day .
This site gives you the skills to trade without having to be spoon fed .
More importantly it teaches you about risk which is WAY more important than profit .
Honestly , it is not a get rich quick scheme !
Malsg
We are lucky to be in America and it is great to be part of the PSW tribe .
Keeps me thinkin' and gatherin ' the profits .
~ 42 % gain in my trading account year to date , which keeps me happy .
Half to a third of the trading account is reserved in margin capacity that Is not committed .
So , again thanks Phil and all of you other members .
Newthugger
Phil – great calls this past week , esp. friday and monday .
in the old days I would have let Prechter et al scare me into trimming my longs and going short at just the wrong time .
your feel for the markets is Tiger - esque .
CHK , HOV , BX , TLT and XLF are big winners for me today .
My biggest up day in a long time .
Thanks !
Terrapin22
Phil / CLK4 – Perfect !
Saw the answer 1 min after my post … out with $ 740 on two contracts .
Thanks again for the education .
Jeffdoc2004
Phil , thank you for all the education here .
I 've gained so much knowledge being a part of PSW .
Thanks to the rest of the members as well !
I appreciate all of the contributions you make .
JeffDoc
Newer member here , but just wanted to say thank you too .
I 've learned so much and I hope you 'll be around for a long time helping us learn along the way .
Where
Phil , I was so impressed with the personal note in the comments that I went ahead and paid for a months trial of premium that I have been on the fence for awhile about .
Just reading the comments makes me already glad for the purchase .
Smasher
Phil - I would like to echo the sentiments of dclark41 .
Joining this site was the best thing I have ever done to aid my growth as a trader / investor .
There are so many smart and experienced people here sharing their ideas that regardless what your investing style is you will learn something daily .
Thank you and all the regular contributors for your generosity .
Acd54
It was a nice day thanks to your help !
Made over $ 1100 shorting TF every time it came up near 1260 and even more by going long oil before inventory under $ 46 and then waited patiently for the spike up into the close where I shorted it at 47.70 or so .
Phil you gave me a road map and I simply followed the signs along the way .
Craigsa620
Thanks ,
Phil .
I really appreciate your sentiment and commitment !
Just want to thank you for what you do for all of us .
JBaker
Phil ,
You were on the $ today with your calls almost exactly on the turns – Krap kuhn krup ( Thai for thank you very much ) .
Jomptien
Phil – BTW , the new STP / LTP coupled with the income portfolio is Perfect !
I do not trade all of them , very few actually since I work during market hours .
However , following the trades real - time is very educational .
I did enter the ABX call if you recall , I rolled to July on that nonsense news that sent it tumbling .
Out today for 110 % gain ( 2.00 stop ) not counting covering the loss from the earlier roll .
Nonetheless , a good trade .
Keep it up … .
Thanks JFawcett
Bought some QQQ 's today on the dip .
Added a little bit more to my son's account .
Up about 8 % in 2 months !
I think I 've learned some stuff here .
Thanks to all that contribute , and of course to the boss .
Thanks Phil ! JeffDoc
The virtuous trade / Phil throws out so many ideas , that understandably he rejects all calls for a running total of how all " " quoted " " ideas are performing – it would be unworkable .
But without such a list , I think it behooves us to call out the trades that have made a difference .
January 13 expiration is going to be a big month for me as a significant number of sold put positions will expire worthless .
One example of the power of patience and leaving well alone : VLO – sold Jan 13 , 17.5 puts for $ 3.45 – and this trade was placed in August 2011 .
VLO is currently a tad over $ 35 !
And as time went by , and I got more experienced – with the help of Phil and the contributions from board members , I started selling short term puts and calls around this position .
Sometimes having to roll , sometimes doubling down but always knowing what I was getting into , and feeling very calm and focussed that whatever happened I could handle it .
And if I could n't then there was always Phil to lend a helping hand .
All in all , my profits since August 2011 would qualify as a tidy addition to any earnings from the day job .
Thank you Sir. Winston
Phil / USO Adjustment ~~
Thanks for showing us the make it even ( maybe even profitable ) tricks for ' fixing ' a losing position .
I would have never known the trick if you did n't explain it .
The option adjustment techniques are very helpful .
Trading stocks would probably never offer that kind of flexibilities !
Thanks !
Investwizard
10/15/2014 : Phil ….. been travelling more than not but reading and watching you guys every night .
This is to say a big thank you .
Even though I do n't have the time to trade every day now I set up hedges and base long term strategy on PSW .
I now it may sound like BS to some readers but my 401k is down a mere 3 % .
It hardly gets my attention when I open my brokerage portfolio accounts .
And that is by using your longer term hedges and strategies .
I do n't need to be a day trader to take advantage of PSW .
At this time in my life when I cant trade every day ……. not losing what we 've gained moves front and center .
It 's just a great feeling to watch your brokerage account hold steady in a sea of red .
Thanks Teacher .
Livingfull
I doubled down on our USO June $ 35 puts on Tuesday afternoon and listened to your posting yesterday and sold 1/2 midday and the rest I sold ( luckily ) at the top of the market yesterday with the last 1 / 4 of my contracts at 100 % return in less than one day !
Samlawyer
Your discussion during your web seminar on SPX and SDS today was great .
It really let me see how you look at the numbers and use the 5 % rule to see where inflection points occur and what the bands look like .
This was incredibly helpful .
I actually sold out of my small short position at a good profit ( which was more a bet on a short term fluctuation rather than a hedge after listening to you ) and will look more deeply at my portfolio and how to hedge it .
In addition your view on hedging was also very helpful looking at the leverage you can get w/ a small spread , and protect portfolio against a big move against me .
Thank you for your sharing this .
Very helpful .
Batman
Phil – I wanted to tell you how much of a privilege it is to learn from your every day .
You are a shining beacon in the life of so many investors .
You have assembled probably the best group of people in the history of financial blogging and you , yourself have done more to help investors in the last 6 months than all previous financial advisors combined .
StJeanLuc
I want to thank you for sharing your wisdom with us .
I 've learned a lot ( and still am ) about your trading strategy , but also I see a man who truly cares about our country , America .
Thank you .
Autolander
Boring trading – Phil /
Thanks to PSW , my yearly covered - writes are on pace for 15 % .
Add the long puts and well over 20 % … and I look at it once a day and never lose sleep over it .
Actually doing better than my trading account at this point ( Thanks , summer 2013 ) Anyway , the point is that anyone with enough money would be wise to do the 20 % – 40 % stuff and do trading as a hobby …
Arivera
West Australian police will withdraw charges against a 12 - year - old boy who appeared in court yesterday for receiving an allegedly stolen Freddo frog .
The chocolate was allegedly shoplifted by the boy 's friend from a Coles supermarket in Northam , about 100 kilometres from Perth .
A boy has appeared in a West Australian court over the theft of a 70 - cent Freddo frog .
Credit : Channel Ten
Police initially stood by its decision to press on with the case after a hearing in Northam Children 's Court yesterday .
The decision brought outrage from the Aboriginal Legal Service and the boy 's lawyer , Peter Collins .
CONAKRY ( Reuters ) - A former aide to Guinean junta leader Moussa Dadis Camara has confessed to shooting the West African leader out of fear that he would be held to blame for the bloody quashing of a pro-democracy rally .
Captain Moussa Dadis Camara , chief of the ruling junta in Guinea , salutes during a ceremony with Burkina Faso 's President Blaise Compaore at the international airport in Conakry October 5 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Luc Gnago
The botched December 3 assassination attempt has left Camara lying in hospital in Morocco with gunshot wounds to his head and thrown the world ’s top bauxite exporter into crisis .
“ I shot him because ... ( Camara ) was committing treason , ” Lieutenant Aboubacar “ Toumba ” Diakite told Radio France International ( RFI ) in an interview aired on Wednesday .
“ He tried to blame me for everything that happened on September 28 .
It was this act of treason that pushed me into acting , ” he said of a September crackdown by security forces on anti-junta marchers which witnesses say left more than 150 people dead .
Toumba was speaking from an undisclosed location and told RFI he would remain in hiding .
The assassination attempt took place as United Nations investigators were in Guinea probing into the September 28 incident .
The world body is due to issue a report later this month on who was responsible for the September killings .
Defense Minister Sekouba Konate , Camara ’s number two , is currently leading the West African nation .
Konate has led operations to search for Toumba and appears for now to have restored order to the ranks of the soldiers .
Camara ’s bloodless coup in December last year was initially welcomed by a population seduced by promises of change after years of misrule under the late strongman Lansana Conte .
But deepening divisions within the military and Camara ’s erratic leadership have increased calls for the junta to step aside and allow elections to restore civilian rule .
Talks between the military and the opposition at the weekend failed to make any progress .
Inquiring minds are interested in projects that Put America To Work .
Please consider this Stimulus Checkup courtesy of Senator John McCain and Senator Tom Coburn .
Good jobs for millions of Americans .
Investments in priorities that create sustainable economic growth for the future .
Those were the promises made to uneasy Americans when Congress approved the $ 787 billion American Recovery and Reinvestment Act , or economic stimulus bill , in February .
Nine months later , with over $ 200 billion of stimulus funding already spent , 1 the rolls of the unemployed have grown by millions and , by any measure , more jobs have been lost than created .
Since the stimulus bill was enacted in February , nearly three million Americans have lost their jobs and the percentage of people who are without work has risen to 10 percent .
Many who had been looking to the government for help have already lost hope .
As this and the last report , 100 Stimulus Projects : A Second Opinion , suggests billions of dollars of stimulus funding have been wasted , mismanaged , or directed towards silly and shortsighted projects .
Many projects may not produce the types of jobs that most Americans had hoped for or expected .
Some of the close to seven billion dollars in projects in Stimulus Checkup create few jobs ; benefit private interests over the public good ; or make improvements where they are not necessary .
Some send money to companies facing fraud charges .
Others take millions of dollars to do work local officials and experts admit are not needed or will not help .
Stimulus money has been , or will be , spent on dinner cruises , golf courses , puppet shows and stimulus road signs .
Many Americans will question whether investing $ 787 billion in these projects are the highest national priorities .
....
In the previous report , one hundred questionable projects were identified that did not appear to hold out promise for helping the economy grow .
The Administration was quick to review these projects and to its credit addressed a number of them .
In the months that followed , many more questionable stimulus projects costing millions and even billions of dollars were identified .
This follow - up , Stimulus Checkup , takes a closer look at 100 more projects that raise questions about how stimulus money has been used so far .
Sincerely ,
Tom Coburn , M.D .
U.S. Senator
John McCain
U.S. Senator
100 Ridiculous Projects Sample
1. “ Almost Empty ” Mall Awarded Energy Grant ( $ 5 million )
The Department of Energy has announced an award for up to $ 5 million6 to install a geothermal energy system capable of heating an ―almost empty ‖ mall in Oak Ridge , Tennessee .
2. Renovations for Federal Building as Expensive as New Building ( $ 133 million )
Taxpayers in Oregon may be surprised to learn that the largest stimulus project in their state is not a new road or bridge , but a $ 133 million makeover for the federal building in downtown Portland .
The money will go toward ―greening the Edith Green / Wendell Wyatt Federal Building in the hope of making it a model for energy efficient government offices in the Northwest .
That said , for $ 133 million some may wonder why they did not simply tear it down and start over .
Agency officials expect to construct a type of vegetative skin — made of plants — on the exterior of the building , to help with heating and cooling costs .
In 2007 , a new federal building was constructed in downtown San Francisco with similar state - of - the - art energy efficiency features for $ 144 million — nearly the same cost to merely renovate the Portland Federal Building .
Both buildings are eighteen stories tall , built with energy efficient technologies , and house federal agency offices .
The major difference is that the San Francisco building is much larger , with an additional 100,000 usable square feet in comparison with its counterpart in Portland .
3. DTV Advertising Agency Generates Three Jobs ( $ 5.9 million )
An advertising agency that ultimately reported little job creation received a multi-million dollar contract to help the government overcome a poorly managed transition to digital television , only to report three jobs created .
4. Research to Develop Supersonic Corporate Jets ( $ 4.7 Million )
Lockheed Martin will receive a total of more than $ 21 million in federal money — with $ 4.7 million funded through the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act — from the National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ) to advance research for supersonic jet travel .
High ticket costs , fuel - guzzling and the infamous sonic ―boom helped doom commercial supersonic travel in the past ; the last Concorde jet flew in 2003 .
5. Water Pipeline to a Money - Losing Golf Course ( $ 2.2 million )
A $ 2.2 million stimulus grant will help pay for new pipes to pump recycled water to the Sharp Park Golf Course in San Francisco , California .
Unfortunately , the golf course may not exist for much longer .
The City Council is considering closing the public course over concerns for the California red-legged frog and the San Francisco garter snake that live in the area .
7. Program to Control Home Appliances From a Remote Location ( $ 787,250 )
Fifty homes on Martha ‘s Vineyard in Massachusetts will participate in a test program to allow an outside party to control their energy use , ― Big Brother style .
The initiative will allow participating households to purchase discounted appliances from General Electric ( GE ) that are capable of communicating with – and being controlled by – an off - site computer system .
20 . Repaved Georgia Road . . .
Getting Repaved Again ( $ 88,000 )
Georgia Department of Transportation ( GDOT ) contractors are using stimulus funds to repave a busy street in Atlanta — part of which was repaved just two years ago .
Rebecca Serna , a local bicyclist , noted that the existing road is ―pretty much the smoothest ride in town right now , adding about the new project , ― I do n‘t know if it ‘s necessary , but it ‘s nice .
23 . Studying the Icelandic Arctic Environment in the Viking Age ( $ 94,902 )
The University of Massachusetts - Boston received an almost $ 95,000 stimulus grant to ―count pollen grains collected from farms in Iceland and allowed researchers to continue studying the role the arctic environment played in the evolution of civic life during the Viking Age .
33 . Study on " Hookup " Behavior of Female College Coeds ( $ 219,000 )
The National Institute of Health ( NIH ) is using stimulus funds to pay for a year - long $ 219,000 study to follow female college students for a year to determine whether young women are more likely to ―hookup — the college equivalent of casual sex — after drinking
35 . Study of Wildflowers in a Ghost Town ( $ 448,995 )
A few dilapidated buildings are largely what remains in Gothic , Colorado , a ghost town that is also home to the Rocky Mountain Biological Laboratory .
Over the next five years , however , Gothic will host a $ 448,995 National Science Foundation study by Dr. David Inouye on the impact of climate change on the town ‘s wildflowers .
38 . Recovering Crab Pots Lost At Sea ( $ 700,000 )
A $ 700,000 grant will pay for 48 people to help Oregon crabbers recover crab pots they have lost at sea .
The two - year project expects to yield 2,000 lost pots a year .
Oregon crabbers reportedly lose an estimated 15,000 crab pots a year .
The effort will use 10 boats , planes , and a telephone hotline for people to phone in crab pot sightings .
If all 4,000 pots are recovered as expected , the grantees will spend an average of $ 175 per crab pot , though John ‘s Sporting Goods in nearby Everett , Washington sells new crab pots online for as little as $ 19.95 .
50 . Arizona Ants Work While Some Arizonans Remain Unemployed ( $ 950,000 )
Two major universities in the state are receiving a combined $ 950,000 to examine the division of labor in ant colonies .
Arizona State University was awarded $ 500,000 in stimulus funding by the National Science Foundation , while the University of Arizona will receive $ 450,000 .
51 . Study On Why Young Men Do Not Like Condoms ( $ 221,355 )
Indiana University professors received $ 221,355 in economic stimulus funds to study why young men do not like to wear condoms .
56 . Homeland Security Funds Assist Boat Tours of Alcatraz ( $ 50,783 )
A ferry service that once contracted for the federal government will receive over $ 50,000 in stimulus homeland security grants , despite no longer doing any work for the government .
60 . Town of 838 to Renovate Old Hotel into a Welcome Center ( $ 300,000 )
Tourism may not be booming in Crofton , Kentucky ( population 838 ) ,267 but the town has received $ 300,000 in stimulus funds to convert an abandoned downtown hotel into a visitors ‘ center .
79 . Money for Lighthouse Repairs on Uninhabited Island ( Nearly $ 1.5 million )
Located on a barrier island accessible only by water , Monomoy National Wildlife Refuge on Cape Cod , Massachusetts , is an area that has been empty for decades .
However , the Department of the Interior will spend nearly $ 1.5 million in federal stimulus funds to fix the lighthouse and other facilities on the Refuge .
The project will restore the lighthouse , living quarters and an oil shed .
What I 'd like to do for this post is ask if government policies contribute to the troubles in the food system .
I see ways in which we are we working against our own interests , akin to a giant tug of war game , where the work of one only serves to counter the work of another .
Once we identify the policies that support current conditions , we can readily suggest adjustments that will align with broad measures of well being .
Sachs said agriculture is the leading source of greenhouse gas emissions , and he also linked the industry to depletion of water supplies and fisheries and poor dietary habits .
Note :
This post is based on a portion of my presentations at the recent Association for the Study of Peak Oil conference in Denver .
Go to the ASPO web site for the complete slide deck .
And thanks to Debbie Cook for inviting me to be on her panel .
I also want to acknowledge that part of the reason we produce food the way we do is because it has been incredibly successful at yielding abundantly and at low initial costs .
What is more troubling are the unintended consequences that Prof .
Sachs identified and that I will discuss further .
These are the long - term costs , or externalities , that need to be factored into the transition towards sustainability in food production .
Broad Social Goals
I am first going to identify some broad social goals that I believe are non-partisan .
If you look at these and study the effects of the current food system it is clear that the way we are feeding ourselves is diametrically opposed to general notions of " public good . "
I identify four social goals that most everybody can agree on : Environmental Protection , Healthy and Safe Food , Economic Vitality , and Peace and Security .
Many of us may be familiar with the environmental woes of agriculture , such as soil erosion , hazardous chemical runoff , and their impacts on air and water quality .
Also , many people are waking up to the fact that our food supply is generally unhealthy and sometimes unsafe .
Fewer people realize that from a monetary perspective , the U.S. is importing much of its food .
We tend to export cheap commodities and import expensive fresh and processed foods .
There are two ways to improve a trade balance : export more or import less .
Our national balance of trade would improve and regional economies would revive if we focused more on replacing high value imports with local goods .
An unintended consequence of subsidizing the over - production of certain crops , like corn , is that global prices were lowered to the point that farmers in poor nations were driven out of business .
This has tremendous implications for global peace and security as nations with weak trade and financial power lose food sovereignty .
Feedlot System
Perhaps the easiest way to explain the conflicts between broad social goals and food policy is by explaining the feedlot system .
A typical meat or dairy feedlot does not place cows on pasture , but in pens where food is delivered in the form of hay and feed made primarily from corn and soy .
Feedlots have tended to develop in regions far away from population centers where land costs are low and environmental regulations are weak .
For example , in the U.S. , some of the newest and largest dairy feedlots are in eastern New Mexico and western Texas .
Some local hay is grown using center pivot irrigation by pumping fossil water using fossil fuels , but most feed is trucked in from more fertile regions .
And the animals in these operations are given antibiotics to keep disease from spreading in the confined and unsanitary conditions .
Of course a lot of energy goes into keeping the milk cold for the long distance it needs to go to reach store shelves .
These feedlots are only possible because a specific set of conditions exist : 1 . Cheap energy ( especially oil ) allows food to be transported around the world , 2 . Environmental regulations are ignored or under - enforced , and 3 .
Crop subsidies make feed ( especially corn and soy ) ridiculously cheap .
Much of the energy needed to support the current food system is liquid - fuel based , and the U.S. now imports 2/3 of its oil consumption .
I am not going to delve into the details here , but given that domestic oil production peaked in 1970 and is now down by about half , this is not a situation that can be reversed by more drilling or exploitation of unconventional reserves like tar sands or shale oil .
Suffice it to say that the era of cheap oil is behind us in the U.S. , and the food system will need to adapt .
The U.S. has many great laws aimed at protecting public health and the environment , but enforcement is often tricky .
A prime example is the feedlot industry , which has developed in poor rural areas in need of jobs and with relatively weak government oversight .
Even when facilities are cited for hundreds of violations , it can be difficult to shut them down .
The public backlash is growing stronger , however , and one wonders when this whole business model will be untenable .
Let 's look at crop subsidies .
Between 2003 and 2005 , about half of all U.S. crop subsidies went just to corn , or about $ 17 billion .
This is one reason why so much corn is grown in the U.S. -- over a quarter of all cropland for just this species .
Corn and soy breeding and seed sales are now controlled by just a few companies , and these companies now create huge corporate political interference when reforms are suggested .
In the article cited at the top of the post , Jeffrey Sachs warns that these companies might just have the power to lobby themselves out of business .
Ugly Consequences
What are the results of growing all this corn and soy in terms of public health , the environment , economic vitality and peace and security ?
The health and medical communities are dismayed by the poor diets in America , especially among the poor , who predominantly eat highly processed foods .
Something like half of all minority children are expected to suffer from diabetes .
And obesity is a slow motion national health catastrophe that is straining our already broken economy .
The pollution is tremendous : greenhouse gases , pesticide runoff , soil erosion , terrible air quality , antibiotic contamination , etc .
Results can be seen from space as a dead zone develops each summer in the Gulf of Mexico , as the waters of the Mississippi River overwhelm even the absorption capacity of the ocean .
Farmers are not generally getting rich growing cheap commodity crops .
A lot of money was made by some during the 2008 commodity boom , but input costs also rose sharply .
We see over the long - term that many rural communities across the country suffer from depopulation and an aging demographic profile , and food policies have contributed to these trends .
Many sensational and heartbreaking news reports during 2008 discussed how rising food prices and a weakening economy were causing hunger and political instability around the world .
Oddly , a number of the nations affected could grow plenty to feed themselves .
But they were n't because of development programs initiated by the World Bank , the International Montetary Fund , and the U.S. government .
The gist of the story is that countries wanting aid money needed to orient their economies towards export and open their ports for import .
As cheap U.S. grain flooded the world , local farmers producing the essentials went out of business , and large agribusinesses were able to move in and produce the kinds of crops wanted in the wealthier world .
This seemed to work fine until prices of the commodities imported rose , and the local currencies dropped in value .
Suggested Changes
Now I will turn to five policy recommendations that would drive the food system away from the status quo and towards the desired ends .
These are :
Reduce subsidies for crops used mostly as animal feed , i.e. , corn and soy .
Ensure carbon price reflect full costs to drive land use towards pasture systems and make long - distance trucking more expensive .
Increase funding for conservation reserve programs and habitat restoration on farmland .
Fund research and outreach into low - input farming systems , including public domain seeds .
Support wellness and acute health care for all citizens .
The logic behind these recommendations is as follows .
Crop subsidies create an oversupply of corn and soy that drive down prices and enable unhealthy practices to persist , including feedlots and the kinds of processed foods leading to obesity and diabetes .
By removing those subsidies and instead allowing farmers to earn credit for soil carbon sequestration , environmental gains will start to appear as land is placed into healthier rotation schedules , including pasture .
A price on carbon would also make distance more expensive and local more affordable by comparison .
To wean ourselves off of oil dependency and increase food security , locally produced foods need to steadily gain market share .
Greater funding of existing programs that discourage the use of marginal lands and encourage the creation of natural habitats , such as riparian buffers , would support an agroecological approach that reduces dependencies on pesticides and other inputs .
Farmers that have been on the chemical cycle for decades will need information , living examples in their area , and new sources of products including non-patented seeds .
The programs to make these changes already exist but need expansion , such as SARE , ATTRA , NRCS , other non-profit groups , and regional university and USDA extension offices .
And finally , one of the lessons we can draw from the farmer suicides in India is that the lack of a safety net can push people over the edge .
By contrast , if we ask farmers to take a risk and change what they are doing , it behooves us to put a health care system in place for them and their family so they are less afraid to let go of the familiar .
From the food eater perspective , reduced subsidies may mean higher food prices , but these could be handled by lowering health care costs .
U.S. families tend to spend only 10 % of their income on food , which is the lowest of any nation in the world .
By contrast , we spend more on health care than any nation , which is partly due to spending so little on subsidized food .
Transition Possibilities
My current work is to establish agroecological farming systems that link into healthy local food systems .
I see the liabilities of what exist now and know that our nation is literally and figuratively hungry for change .
Fortunately , there are signs that at the very highest level , people are seeing the systemic connections and necessary policy shifts .
As a key example , I conclude with a quote by Barack Obama from Time magazine , Oct. 2008 :
Not only did my SS personally deliver my gift to me , but he gave me an electric guitar , an amp and a DVD on how to play it too !
I waited until some future redditors ( my nephews ) were around to unwrap it .
I think they were more excited than me .
I have an awesome SS and if you 're ever around this part of town drop me a line and I 'll take you out for a drink !
I promise to try and learn Mary Had A Little Lamb before the year is out !
Terminal illness such as cancer can be cured by prayer , the head of the Catholic Church in Australia says .
But Catholic Archbishop of Sydney Cardinal George Pell admits such cures , like the miracle attributed to Mary MacKillop , is rare .
" Yes , obviously ( cancer can be cured by prayer ) , " Cardinal Pell told ABC television today .
" And there are quite a number of examples in the books . "
Cardinal
Pell says that wo n't give sick people a false sense of security because they realise cure by prayer is a " very long shot " .
LOS ANGELES ( Hollywood Reporter ) - Filmmaker David Fincher has teamed with Media Rights Capital for a television series , the political drama “ House of Cards . ”
Based on the book and British miniseries of the same name , “ Cards ” will be adapted for U.S. audiences as an hourlong drama , with Fincher ( “ Zodiac , ” “ The Curious Case of Benjamin Button ” ) executive producing with “ Button ” writer Eric Roth .
The political - thriller novel by Michael Dobbs , former Conservative Party chief of staff , is set at the end of Margaret Thatcher ’s tenure as prime minister and follows a British politician with his eye on the top job .
In 1990 , it was adapted by the BBC as a miniseries written by Andrew Davies and starring Ian Richardson .
It went on to win a BAFTA award for Richardson and an Emmy for Davies .
MRC and Fincher ’s adaptation will be set in the U.S. but maintain focus on issues of political ambition and blackmail .
The project is expected to be shopped to networks soon .
MRC ’s slate of TV series include “ The Life and Times of Tim ” on HBO , “ Rita Rocks ” on Lifetime , “ Shaq Vs. ” on ABC and HBO ’s upcoming “ The Ricky Gervais Show . ”
“ We have many intellectuals who criticize this regime from the democratic point of view , ” said Mehdi Khalaji , a former seminary student in Qum and now a senior fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy .
“ He criticizes this regime purely from a religious point of view , and this is very hurtful .
The regime wants to say , ‘ If I am not democratic enough that does n’t matter , I am Islamic . ’
“ He says it is not an Islamic government . ”
Now in his mid-80s , frail and ill , Ayatollah Montazeri has remained in his home in Qum , the center of religious learning in Iran , issuing one politically charged religious edict after another , helping keep alive a faltering opposition movement .
The man whom Ayatollah Khomeini once called “ the fruit of my life ” has condemned the state he helped to create .
“ A political system based on force , oppression , changing people ’s votes , killing , closure , arresting and using Stalinist and medieval torture , creating repression , censorship of newspapers , interruption of the means of mass communications , jailing the enlightened and the elite of society for false reasons , and forcing them to make false confessions in jail , is condemned and illegitimate , ” he said in one of a flurry of written comments posted on Web sites since the election .
Iran ’s current supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , has limited religious credentials .
But Ayatollah Montazeri , a marja or source of emulation , has achieved the highest standing a cleric can hold in Shiite Islam .
He is also the architect of Velayat-e Faqih , or guardianship of the jurist , the foundation of Iran ’s theocracy and the source of the supreme leader ’s legitimacy .
Indeed , when Ayatollah Khamenei was a student , Ayatollah Montazeri was one of his teachers .
“ He is able to delegitimize Khamenei more than anybody else on the Earth , ” Mr. Khalaji said .
Some Iran experts argue that Ayatollah Montazeri ’s involvement in politics has undermined his religious credibility , and that he does not have as large a following as other grand ayatollahs .
But there is evidence , others say , that the recent conflict has increased his popularity among younger Iranians who knew little of him , and that his edicts resonate with the pious masses .
They journeyed to the desert emirate of Dubai by the tens of thousands .
Laborers from small towns on the Indian subcontinent and white - collar executives from the capitals of Europe .
They came seeking fortune , and they built a modern city unlike any the world had ever seen : a city with the world ’s largest tower , an indoor ski slope and a honeymoon suite with a live whale shark in the window .
A city where anything was possible .
Sand too hot ?
Then build a beach with underground refrigeration .
As the orgy of building ground to a halt earlier this year , the photographer Lauren Greenfield set out to tell the story of Dubai and the foreign workers who make up most of its population .
“ I call the story an improbable fairy tale , ” Ms. Greenfield said .
“ Anything that could be fantasized could be built .
It really was the land of opportunity .
It ’s more Las Vegas than Las Vegas . ”
At first glance , Dubai might seem an odd place to find Ms. Greenfield .
She is best known for powerful photographs and films that explore the corrosive effect of modern consumer culture on American teenage girls , and also for her disquieting images of women with eating disorders .
But Dubai offered Ms. Greenfield , 43 , the opportunity to further explore wealth and the effects of unbridled materialism .
So after several months of research , she spent two weeks photographing there .
She photographed Plastik , a flamboyant club that bills itself “ Exclusively For The Filthy Rich And Aesthetically Perfect , ” and out - of - work foreigners afraid of being thrown into debtors ’ prison .
There were new cars abandoned by fleeing expatriates and three - year - old housing developments being torn down to make room for even newer housing developments .
Raised in Los Angeles , Ms. Greenfield studied visual anthropology at Harvard and then worked as an intern at National Geographic .
She has been published in The New York Times Magazine , Time and Elle .
Her books , “ Fast Forward , ” “ Girl Culture , ” and “ Thin , ” have been critically acclaimed .
Ms. Greenfield ’s feature - length documentary , “ Thin , ” was broadcast on HBO and earned her an Emmy nomination .
Her subsequent short documentary , “ Kids + Money , ” was originally made for The New York Times Magazine , then expanded and also shown on HBO .
Ms. Greenfield is represented by the Institute for Artist Management , which she recently cofounded with her husband , Frank Evers .
They live in Venice , Calif .
The housing boom and subsequent bust in the United States have been a continuing subject for Ms. Greenfield , as seen in “ Foreclosure : Death of the American Dream . ”
Some of the same forces are at work in Dubai .
“ Dubai is a cautionary tale in the same way as the foreclosure crisis — which I photographed — was , ” Ms. Greenfield said last weekend , as the financial crisis in Dubai unfolded .
“ Dubai was this miracle of development with minimal planning and no infrastructure . ”
Burj Dubai , the world ’s tallest skyscraper , is still under construction , overlooking artificial islands shaped like palm trees .
The tower is a useful symbol for considering Dubai .
Is it the Tower of Babel ?
Is it Icarus , flying too close to the sun ?
It ’s unclear whether this crisis will simply be a pause in Dubai ’s ascent or whether Dubai ’s story will itself become a cautionary tale of mythical dimensions .
Transcript
EBBIRNOTH : Fire teams !
Gimme a ten -meter perimeter on the Commander , now !
EBBIRNOTH : Ennesby !
Get a headcount !
EBBIRNOTH : Everybody keep your barrels low and your helmets up !
We do not know where we are !
KEVYN : What are you doing , Ebby ?
EBBIRNOTH :
The troops are less likely to accidentally kill somebody if I get 'em ready to kill somebody on purpose .
BRASILIA ( Reuters ) - Nine people survived a crash landing on a river in Brazil ’s Amazon rainforest after native Indians alerted authorities who dispatched a rescue mission , the government said on Friday .
The small military plane , which went missing on Thursday , was carrying four crew members and seven health officials on a vaccination campaign in remote areas of the jungle .
“ We are happy to be alive .
The plane stopped in mid-air and we panicked .
The pilot plunged the plane into the river , ” one of the survivors told UOL news after being airlifted to Cruzeiro do Sul , a city in Acre state .
The C - 98 Cessna landed on the Itui river , a tributary to the Javari river , in the far western Amazon region .
It was not immediately clear what caused the crash .
Members of the Matis tribe spotted the wreckage and notified local authorities .
The site is close to where the borders of Brazil , Colombia and Peru meet .
The area is home to a handful of Indian tribes that have little contact with the outside world .
The Cruzeiro do Sul hospital said the survivors appeared to be unhurt .
The Brazilian Air Force said divers continued to search the river for the two missing people .
Indians also located and helped in the retrieval operation of a Boeing 737 operated by Brazilian carrier Gol that crashed into the Amazon in 2006 , killing all 154 people on board .
Listening to an iPod or reading a Kindle during takeoff is n't dangerous .
It 's time the airlines stopped pretending that it is .
Advertisement
For years we 've been told that gadgets produce EMI — electromagnetic interference — that cause glitches in an aircraft 's avionics .
A cellphone could interrupt communication between pilots and the tower for a crucial second , or a child 's Game Boy could cause a light on a flight computer to go on the fritz .
We can't take excess liquids on a plane on only the slimmest evidence of any real threat .
If gadgets were such a threat to safety , they 'd be banned entirely .
Advertisement
Instead , an arbitrary set of rules established by the FAA and extended by the airlines prohibits iPods during takeoff , but explicitly allow electric shavers to be used during flight .
Hundreds of travelers at this very moment are using electronic gadgets during takeoff after the flight attendants have taken their jump seats .
We 're told it 's dangerous .
It is n't .
Let 's drop the pretense . *
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The EMI Lie
In 1993 , the International Association of Transport Aircraft ( IATA ) suggested that airlines prohibit the use of personal electronic devices during takeoff and landing , despite a lack of evidence that these gadgets had caused a single accident .
The IATA 's Terry Denny then said , " We have n't been able to trace an accident to the use of one of these devices ... but we are convinced that this could happen . "
Advertisement
In the intervening decades , gadgets became something more than a toy for the rich or nerdy , but an intrinsic sidekick for nearly everyone .
Especially the iPod .
In 2006 , the Federal Aviation Administration commissioned a study to see if " intentionally transmitting " gadgets like cellphones and Wi-Fi caused interference with avionics .
The final report " said there is insufficient information to support a wholesale change in policies that restrict use of PEDs . " ( " PEDs " is FAA - speak for a gadget , or " Personal Electronic Device (s ) " ; a PED with a radio transmitter is a " T - PED " . )
Advertisement
Which is to say , they could n't find a reason to change their policy — but there had n't been a whole lot of evidence to begin with .
Yet the FAA has approved in - flight Wi -Fi service for a variety of airlines .
While the routers and systems must undergo an FAA certification , there 's nothing magical about the onboard 2.4GHz signal broadcast that prevents it from interfering with the plane 's avionics .
The thousands of flights completed safely each day — a marvelous and commendable record , it should be noted — clearly indicate that having activated gadgets on board aircraft does nothing of negative consequence .
Advertisement
So your laptop 's Wi-Fi wo n't mess up the planes avionics , but your Kindle might ?
How fragile are these planes ?
" But it 's about paying attention "
I 've had conversations with pilots and other employees of airlines about this issue before , and after they realize the electromagnetic interference argument is n't going to fly , they invariably change tack to " safety " .
" Takeoff and landing are the most dangerous parts of the flight , " they say .
" And it 's important that passengers be able to hear instructions from the crew in case something goes wrong . "
Advertisement
That 's a nice idea , but look around the cabin of an embarking aircraft .
Parents are soothing cranky kids .
People are asleep .
Many passengers are drunk or medicated to help address anxiety .
If there were an accident , alerting an unaware person with headphones would take no more effort than nudging a sleeping person next to you .
It 's not prohibited to sleep during takeoff , just as it is n't prohibited to read a book or magazine or to be deaf .
( This also presumes that a passenger could do anything to protect themselves or others during a takeoff accident , even though we all know that in a majority of incidents , there 's little to do except pray . )
Advertisement
Ah , but what about gadgets flying around the cabin as missiles if there is turbulence ?
It could happen , sure , but is a Kindle appreciably more dangerous than a hardcover book ?
If a Nintendo DS could hurt someone during an unexpected loss of altitude , why are they ever allowed to be unstowed ?
The answer is simply that the likelihood of these things happening is far less than the likelihood that customers will go absolutely apoplectic if they are n't allowed some sort of inflight entertainment .
If the airlines are already able to make a judgement between ultimate safety and convenience , why not loosen up just a little more ?
Advertisement
Little things matter
I have a lot of sympathy for flight attendants .
Herding and soothing a few dozen passengers , many of whom are belligerent and rude , is a thankless job .
Their jobs should be easier .
They 're the ones who have to explain to passengers why the pilots were too busy playing with their laptops to land the plane .
Advertisement
But every time a flight attendant perpetuates the lie that these harmless gadgets are somehow a threat to safety , it erodes the faith that they should be cultivating with their customers .
How are we to trust someone telling us that reading a Kindle during takeoff is dangerous as we stare across a field of EMI - spewing LCD seat - back screens ?
Advertisement
Here 's a deal : I 'll listen attentively to the flight safety demonstration , make doubly sure to note where the exit doors are and who I 'll have to climb over to get to them — and you guys will let me listen to my iPod after the flight attendants are in their seats and I 'm making peace with my god .
Trust me , I 'll be a lot more apt to listen to flight attendants commands if they do n't start the flight with a well - intentioned deception .
And more likely to believe the FAA and the TSA when it comes to other security and safety concerns when some of their policies are n't demonstrable half - truths .
Advertisement
* I 'm not talking about using Wi-Fi or cellphones during takeoff .
I 'm in complete support of " Airplane Mode " during takeoff , if not the entire flight .
What anecdotal evidence there is about EMI from gadgets is almost exclusively suspected to be from radios and other transmitters .
@joeljohnson deals primarily with first - world problems , but hopes it does not interfere with your pursuit of fixing third - world ones .
This is n't the last he 's got to say about this issue .
PORTLAND , Ore. --
Every other week , Paul Silveria gathers his friends , many of them tattooed habitués of the punk scene here , in warehouses or large houses and cranks up loud protest music .
Then , the 28 - year - old steps forward , do - si - dos his partner , and begins to square - dance .
" Square - dancing here is n't really what people imagine it to be , " ...
We do everything we can to find you the compensation you need and deserve .
Accept Payments on mobile , shop or online
IndiaPay provides a global internet - overlay payment platform focused on providing secure , reliable , real - time transaction management .
Transactions are captured at the Point of Sale through either our dial , IP or Host - to - Host communications network and presented to the corresponding banking or private network platform .
The network is built for moving any type of real - time data such as financial transactions including Credit Card , Debit Card ( Pin and Pin-less ) Check ( Authorization , Verification , and Guarantee ) , ACH ( Debit , Credit , Conversation and Imaging ) , UPI , Paper Cheques ( India only ) and micro-payments as well as quasi- financial network transactions including Gift , Rewards , Loyalty , Prepaid , Stored Value , and other non-financial instruments .
Well the Sack is Back , and he is in your pocket this time .
Is this game losing its stuffing or did Sony find a way to Sack it to us again ?
Well after a very long and painful first week , I was finally able to download LittleBigPlanet PSP onto my PSP Go !
The first thing you notice when you start the game is that the opening video really sets the course of wonderment that LBP is known for .
Rarely will I discuss a cinematic influencing my experience of a game , but the opening for LBP really makes you feel creative and powerful .
With Stephen Fry at the Mic , the game has a sense of completeness and high quality , which other PS2 / 3 ports just seem to lack .
This game at no point feels like a tack on or a cash in effort .
Even small things like , Sackboy having custom animations depending on the world he is , really make this game shine .
The graphics have changed a little , but not enough where it is a constant distraction .
The great thing about LBP is that the textures and construction paper look for the game translates extremely well to the PSP .
I honestly would not be surprised to see a port of this brought to the PS2 in the upcoming year as well , because it looks so good .
A few minor complaints I do have is that from time to time Sackboy himself does look a little square and less Sack - like .
Also sometimes the color white seems to flicker a little bit and often times the bubble pick - ups throughout the game can be a little hard to see .
Unlike many of the other games that make their way from one of the four major platforms to handhelds ( Assassins Creed , GTA : Chinatown Wars ) , LBP does not lose any of its game play in the transition .
The controls are almost entirely the same for the PS3 as the PSP , so going between the two is very natural .
For those who were worried that Media Molecules ’ second hand involvement in the game was going to inhibit the creative level design , you were wrong … dead wrong .
In some of the levels , the game play was so innovative and creative that it made me wonder if Media Molecules programmers had secretly made the pilgrimage from Surry , England and snuck into Cambridge Studios at night , touching their magic wands to the keyboards .
Honestly some of the levels are actually superior to the original game , and this is a real testament to Cambridge Studios .
This time around , Sackboy only has two plains of 3 Dness to work within , and I think this is a substantial improvement over the three - layer model .
No longer are you cursed with the disadvantage of jumping and missing platforms because of plain - existence confusion .
I think it would be an injustice to gamers to discuss the themes of each world , because they are part of the surprise , but the first two levels are themed around Australia and China .
This means you will find yourself crawling up eucalyptus trees with koala bears , and riding in the back of foot propelled rickshaws .
There are even some levels that allow you to fly through the entire stage , and I found this to be fresh and invigorating .
Overall , the level design is nearly the perfect blend of creativity , classic platforming , with a small spice of hidden items and puzzles .
The create - a- mode has not really lost a step , but is not as comprehensive as some may come to expect .
The aspect one must consider is that it still provides infinite possibilities for creative prowess and ingenuity .
Most of the more vital and significant tools are back , and I found the uploading process relatively easy .
Playing this on the PSP makes the process of making a level an ongoing , and constantly informed and inspired process .
If you are walking down the street and suddenly the LittleBigMuse inspires you , the game is right in your pocket and ready to go .
I predict in the years to come , we will see levels that overshadow their PS3 counterparts simply due to the greater accessibility of the game .
The overall online functionality is was what really blew me away .
Usually just thinking about doing something online on the PSP just gives me a headache .
LBP and Cambridge studios have really broke the mold in this effort .
There is almost no difference between the PS3 menu and options and the PSP version .
The only major difference is that you must download the levels to your PSP ’s hard drive / memory stick Duo / M2 card .
At first this may sound like a space wasting and annoying idea , but I think its a good system because it allows you to bring those levels to non - wi - fi hot - spots ( or cold - spots as I like to call them ) and continue to play them .
This feature is what puts the final “ A ” in this AAA title .
This game is simply great .
I would rarely use this type of language , but I think it is necessarily in this instance in order to fully comprehend how good this game is ;
This is the best game on the PSP to date , period .
Not because of its game play , graphics , or story , but simply because of the online functionality being such an amazing achievement for Cambridge Studios .
The fact that within 3 minutes ( I timed it ) I can be playing a brand new level that someone across the globe made , that incorporates new unique challenges , stories , pop-culture references , and essentially anything else in the world is what puts this game above the rest .
This game is for all intents and purposes endless , and the enjoyment and options you have will only increase exponentially .
The final verdict is if you own a PSP you need to own this game .
Editor ’s Note :
The following article is reprinted from Macworld UK .
Visit Macworld UK ’s blog page for the latest Mac news from across the Atlantic .
Apple Macs are famous for lots of things .
They are the tool of choice for designers , writers , and video editors .
Creative types , basically .
Then there ’s the education market , where Apple Macs are seen as a reliable and easy to maintain teaching tool .
Less well known is that Macs are also the stock - in - trade tool for the scientific community .
And although it does n’t like to talk about it ( perhaps , understandably )
Apple plays a big role in “ certain US government departments ” where security is something of an issue .
But the hotel industry ?
Well that was a new one to us .
So when Darren King of UK - based Apple Premium Reseller Square Group asked us to meet up with Will Oakley , General Manager of London ’s uber- cool Bermondsey Square Hotel to look at some Macs in action we could n’t refuse .
The reason ?
Bermondsey Square has recently asked SquareGroup to take out its televisions and replace them with iMacs , all networked to an in - house Xserve .
While we love Macs , our first question was why rip out the televisions ?
Will Oakley explained : “ I do n’t personally enjoy going into a room where the television is the focal point .
The way we ’re designing rooms here it mean that aesthetically it does n’t overpower the space in the room . ”
There are practical reasons as well though : “ The quality of the screen is as good as any 50 - inch plasma screen you can buy . ”
Replacing a television with a computerized system is an obvious choice for many hoteliers .
And we ’ve seen many hotel televisions moving beyond simply screening television shows .
“ Another most important thing was the fact that I could use the system to communicate with the guests in a way that we are used to today , which is over your computers , ” explained Will Oakley , “ there are various marketing opportunities within all that , but the thought - process is that we can be quickly reactive .
If something changes that affects customer demands we can react internally because we are using a computer . ”
For example , if the hotel has a number of visitors attending a nearby conference they can use the Macs to deliver information regarding travel and the event agenda .
“ It allows us to in some shape or form promote other businesses in the area , ” said Will Oakley , “ or we can have a direct link into London Bridge railway times , for example , so our customers can plan their journey . ”
As for why the Bermondsey Square Hotel choose a Mac over a PC , you only have to visit the hotel to get a feel for what kind of computer fits in with its stylish decor .
“ There ’s an immediate quality aspect , ” Will Oakley told us .
“ You ’ve got the Mac television ; you ’ve got the Hansgrohe shower , and high spec hairdryer and mattress .
So what we put into the room we wanted to put high - quality , so we get the basics right in terms of sleep and comfort , wash and time spent in the room … and you have all of that in a very neat package that is recognized as being a quality package . ”
On top of that , the Mac is also a fully functioning computer , although this was n’t a key reason for introducing the Mac to the hotel room .
As Will Oakley explained : “ The market we ’re drawing on is a young professional market .
It ’s a BlackBerry , iPhone , and Apple Mac driven market .
Obviously brand loyalty and brand recognition plays a big part in the decision to place Macs here … but most people coming here will bring their own laptops . ”
Having said that , the system does work as a full computer , and it includes features such as Skype .
Mostly , however , the Mac runs a custom software build developed by DirecStreams .
It also comes with a custom remote ( also provided by DirectStreams ) .
This remote replaces the standard iMac remote with fully navigation controls , volume controls , power , and a play / pause button .
DirectStreams also provides the backbone for streaming audio and video to the Macs .
Customers looking for just television do n’t need to worry because the service can provide HD digital broadcast TV , radio channels , plus On Demand music , videos , and games .
“ Overall it was a much bigger investment , ” said Will Oakley , “ but at the end of the day it ’s a computer system .
If the programs not there today , it can be there tomorrow or next week because we can have it bespoke written for us . ”
And the benefit of spending that money up front on a Mac system ?
Will Oakley told us : “ Fundamentally hoteliers want to deliver a bedroom that is better than the one you have at home .
And there ’s very little that you can do nowadays that you ca n’t have at home .
By using the Mac TV system with the high spec shower and mattress : there are three things your guests might not have at home .
The wow factor is there .
There ’s a perception of quality as soon as someone ’s walked in and you know they ’ll have a great time . ”
This story , " British hotel integrates Macs into your stay " was originally published by Macworld U.K. .
The Muslim Demographic threat conspiracy theory takes another hit in Europe with a new Gallup poll that came out recently revealing that Muslims in Britain , Germany and France are well integrated into their communities .
( Hat tip : Syed )
The report by Gallup and the Coexist Foundation says 77 % of British Muslims identified with the UK , compared with 50 % of the general public .
There was a similar finding in Germany , the survey says .
Survey Reveals Muslim Attitudes
European Muslims have much more loyalty to the countries they live in than is generally believed , a survey says .
The report by Gallup and the Coexist Foundation says 77 % of British Muslims identified with the UK , compared with 50 % of the general public .
There was a similar finding in Germany , the survey says .
The authors say their report counters a commonly - held view that measures to combat Islamic militancy may have alienated many European Muslims .
“ This research shows that many of the assumptions about Muslims and integration are wide of the mark , ” said Dalia Mogahed of the Gallup Center for Muslim Studies and co-author of the report .
“ European Muslims want to be part of the wider community and contribute even more to society , ” she said .
The findings of the report are surprising , because since the 11 September attacks in the US commentators have repeatedly questioned the loyalties of European Muslims to the countries they live in , the BBC ’s Rob Broomby says .
The research – which focused mainly on European Muslims in Britain , France and Germany – polled around 500 Muslims and 1,000 members of the general public in each country .
‘ Isolated ’
In Britain , the report found that more than three - quarters of Muslims identified with the country and its institutions – far more even than the general population did .
But whereas the vast majority of British Muslims ( 82 % ) felt Muslims were loyal citizens , the general public remained suspicious of them .
In Germany , 40 % of Muslims identified with the country against 32 % of the wider public .
German Muslims were also found far more likely than the general public to have confidence in the judicial system , financial institutions and the honesty of elections .
They had higher levels of confidence in their national government than society as a whole , but much less faith in the media .
In France , 52 % of Muslims identified with the country , compared with 55 % of the general public .
However , the report found that French Muslims had much less confidence in the nation ’s institutions , including police .
The survey also said that European Muslims felt far more isolated than those living in the United States and Canada .
I have been blogging this week about the Desiree Jennings case – the 25 year old woman who is telling the media that she developed a neurological disorder known as dystonia two weeks following a seasonal flu vaccine .
However , the video of her movement disorder that was made public was not , in fact , consistent with the diagnosis of dystonia or any organic movement disorder , and therefore it is highly unlikely that her symptoms were a vaccine reaction .
Every movement disorder specialist or neurologist who viewed the videos and voiced their opinion agreed that the signs she was displaying on the public video were most consistent with a psychogenic movement disorder .
We were also careful to point out that this does not mean she is “ faking ” , that her symptoms are not real , and that she is not suffering from a genuine and debilitating disorder .
Simply that the nature of the disorder is likely psychogenic and not due to any specific brain pathology , caused by a vaccine or anything else .
Jennings claimed , however , that her doctors at Johns Hopkins diagnosed her with dystonia and concluded it was from the vaccine .
We have only her word to take for this as her doctors , understandably ( given the rules of confidentiality ) have not made any public statements .
Jennings could give them leave to do so , but apparently has n’t .
Then it came to light the vaccine adverse event reporting systems ( VAERS ) report that is likely the one Jennings made indicates from the hospital records that :
The admitting neurologist felt that there was a strong psychogenic component to the symptomology , and made a final diagnosis of weakness .
If this is indeed her report ( which is very likely , and would be an astounding coincidence if it were n’t ) this is a far cry from the second hand reports we were given about her doctor ’s impressions .
Despicably , Generation Rescue ( GR ) and the anti-vaccine movement were quick to jump on this case and exploit it for their own propaganda .
They immediately portrayed themselves as “ experts ” – apparently able to make and treat such neurological diagnoses .
However , after push back from the dystonia community , GR took down their web page they had put up to support Jennings .
But then after a few days they had apparently made the calculation that , despite the fact that this was likely not a case of genuine dystonia or vaccine injury , the propaganda value was too treat to ignore , and they could just attack the physicians who felt obliged to properly analyze this case .
The attacks were two - fold : First , they attacked the notion of psychogenic illness , completely misrepresenting it as equivalent to “ faking ” or as a knee - jerk dismissal of vaccine injury .
In doing so they are denying the very legitimate and debilitating nature of psychological illness – that it is very real and deserving of compassion and treatment .
It is just another kind of “ brain ” disorder – just a functional one .
Second – they attacked physicians ( like me ) who commented on the case in public as being unprofessional .
They apparently feel that only they and their doctors ( or people who agree with them ) are able to publicly comment on Jennings ’ case .
When Jennings placed her story in the public domain , specifically to “ warn ” against the dangers of vaccine , her case became fair game .
In fact , it became the responsibility of the medical community to set the record straight .
We also made it abundantly clear that we were basing our opinions solely on the videos and reports that are in the public domain .
If Jennings and GR want to continue to present their interpretation of the case , they should not whine about other opinions , but make her medical record public .
Let ’s see what her doctors really believed about her case .
It is disingenuous in the extreme to present a case essentially as hearsay but offer it as evidence in a very serious public debate , and cry foul when others comment on that public information , but refuse to make the evidence truly transparent .
It is , in my opinion , malfeasance to continue to promote this as a case of vaccine injury , in light of the controversy , without making all the records public .
Now the plot thickens .
Last Friday I predicted :
Further , Jennings is now in the hands of the Generation Rescue anti-vaccine quacks .
I predict that they will be able to “ cure ” her , because psychogenic disorders can and do spontaneously resolve .
They will then claim victory for their quackery in curing a ( non-existent ) vaccine injury .
This is now exactly what has happened .
GR sent Jennings to Dr. Rashid Buttar .
Dr. Buttar has been charged with unprofessional conduct and is a notorious anti-vaccinationist who uses dubious medical treatments for what he considers to be vaccine injury .
Among these are chelation therapy for non-existent mercury toxicity .
Dr. Buttar tells his story on the Robert Scott Bell Show .
If you are not familiar with this show , it is a mixture of the worst of right - wing shock jocks with alternative medicine woo wrapped up in conspiracy theories .
You have to listen to the show to fully appreciate the astounding level of nonsense they are pushing .
First , they make a point to emphasize how sick Jennings was .
They say they have video , which I cannot find posted anywhere .
Let ’s see it .
I will happily revise my opinions if the video warrants .
But there is nothing in the description of her symptoms ( despite Dr. Buttar ’s naive and self - serving insistence ) that is incompatible with a psychogenic diagnosis .
Buttar continues , in fact , to characterize her episodes as “ seizures ” when they sound nothing like seizures , and almost certainly what she was displaying on the videos that are public were not seizures .
According to Buttar she was at death ’s door – if GR had not gotten her to his clinic when they did , she would have deteriorated and died .
Dr. Buttar somehow knew that this was mercury toxicity , and prescribed his standard treatment – chelation therapy to remove the mercury .
I have not seen confirmation that Jennings received the type of flu vaccine that contains thimerosal .
The single dose vials do not , except for insignificant trace amounts .
But let ’s assume that she did – this means as an adult she received a one - time dose of either 12.5 or 25 micrograms of thimerosal .
This is a tiny dose , well below safety limits , and far lower than the doses that have been shown to be safe by a large amount of evidence .
This means that Dr. Buttar is now claiming that immediate and devastating neurological injury can occur to an adult after a single small dose of thimerosal .
That is a rather extraordinary claim , to say the least .
But , unknowingly , Dr. Buttar was about to administer what can be considered a significant test of the hypothesis that Jennings ’ symptoms are psychogenic .
One test we can use to help confirm this diagnosis is to see if the patient ’s symptoms can respond to psychological treatments or to medical treatments that should not otherwise be capable of reversing the symptoms .
A response that is too quick to be plausible , for example , is one type of response that supports a psychogenic diagnosis .
One dramatic example from my own experience was a patient with apparently psychogenic symptoms who believed that he needed a specific IV medication as a treatment .
After extensive negative workup , we agreed to give him the treatment , and his symptoms completely resolved even before the medicine had a chance to work its way through the IV tubing and into his arm .
If Jennings really had dystonia or any biological brain injury from toxicity , removing the toxin might prevent further progression and allow the slow process of recovery to begin .
But brain damage does not immediately reverse itself once the cause is removed .
It is possible for dystonia to be a side effect of certain medications , and it can immediately resolve once that medication is stopped or reversed .
But in that situation we are dealing with an effect of an active blood level of a pharmaceutical agent – something which is inherently reversible .
We are not dealing with damage or injury .
Further , it is highly implausible that Jennings ( even if she received the highest dose of thimerosal from the flu vaccine – 25 micrograms ) had any mercury left in her system from the vaccine she received in August .
Mercury from vaccines is removed naturally within days , and would not be hanging around in significant amounts two months later .
However , now Jennings herself , and Dr. Buttar , report that Jennings began to improve while still sitting in the chair and receiving her chelation therapy , and within 36 hours her symptoms were completely gone .
First , let me say that I am very happy Ms. Jennings ’ symptoms have resolved .
Hopefully now she can just go on with her life .
But to me , this impossibly rapid recovery is a dramatic confirmation that her symptoms were psychogenic to begin with .
It is simply implausible that brain injury from mercury toxicity could be reversed so quickly – especially when you consider that Dr. Buttar had Jennings at death ’s door .
The whole affair has now come full circle .
To scientists and skeptics , this is an unfortunate story of a young woman with a psychogenic illness who unfortunately was exploited by some headline grabbing media and the anti-vaccine movement .
To the anti-vaccinationists and the right - wing conspiracy health - freedom nuts , this is yet another story of an injury at the hands of evil vaccines , and all attempts to figure out what was really happening here are just lame attempts by the medical establishment to cover their behinds .
Read the comments over at Age of Autism and you will see what I mean .
The conspiracy mindset is immune to evidence and reason .
Already I am being dismissed over there as a shill ( I am still trying to figure out what my motivation is ) .
Seriously , my only concern in this and related cases is to discern the truth as best as possible .
If it is possible for systemic dystonia to be triggered by a flu vaccine , I want to know about it as a practicing neurologist .
And the public should be informed about all the known risks ( and benefits ) of vaccines .
If this is a genuine case , then add it to the list of possible adverse events .
Despite the propaganda from AoA and other anti-vaccine sites , no one is seriously denying that vaccines occasionally cause adverse reactions .
If this is a case of dystonia from vaccines , it is an exceeding rare reaction .
However , the evidence that is currently in the public domain simply does not support that conclusion .
It overwhelmingly supports a different diagnosis – a psychogenic reaction not caused by vaccine injury .
If the anti-vaccine crowd wish to support a different conclusion , they should put forward a cogent scientific argument – not just attack their opponents and whine that they have the audacity to express an opinion they do n’t like .
And if Jennings wishes to promote her case as an example of vaccine injury , she should do the right thing and put her medical records in the public domain so that we can see all the evidence and come to the best conclusion possible .
But she cannot have it both ways – make her case public , but only the parts that she wants .
This is likely to go down as one of those cases that will forever divide the scientific community from the anti-vaccine community .
They have clearly made up their minds , and their hostility and conspiracy - mongering toward other opinions is evident .
While I just want to know the truth – let ’s see all the evidence and let the chips fall where they may .
Meanwhile , the information that we do have is pretty clear – this is not a case of vaccine injury , nor is it a case of an astounding cure by chelation therapy .
_______________________
Note : Orac has also given an update here : http://scienceblogs.com/insolence/2009/11/desiree_jennings_cured.php
When technologists of the future look back in time , they 'll remember 2009 as the year Google got serious about an internet operating system , speeding up the web , and indexing EVERYTHING in sight .
Take a look at the year 2009 in Google .
Advertisement
Google 's Three Biggest Launches of 2009
Two of the three most significant Google releases of 2009 are not yet available to the public in a final release build , but all three are open source .
In no particular order :
Chromium OS : In July , Google got Microsoft and Apple shaking in their boots when they announced they were building an operating system .
The source code for Chrome OS ( in its development phase it's called Chromium OS ) became available in November ; early adopters can run virtual machine images and bootable USB drive versions of the OS .
Advertisement
Google Wave :
In May , Google demonstrated their new , real - time collaboration webapp , Google Wave , to a crowd of incredulous developers who could n't stop applauding .
In September , they invited 100,000 users to try the Wave Preview .
By now , over one million users have joined the Wave Preview .
We wrote a book about Wave ; and you can give and get Wave invitations on our dedicated forum page .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Android 2.0 / Droid : While Android - based handsets were already available when the year started , the Motorola Droid debuted in November running Android 2.0 ( with turn - by - turn GPS capabilities ) and took on the iPhone in its " Droid Does " ad campaign .
Google also released a flurry of Android - only applications and updates to existing ones in 2009 to boost their mobile platform , including the Google Voice app ( which Apple rejected on the iPhone ) , the amazing Google Goggles app , Google Maps enhancements , and Google Listen .
Advertisement
Google 's Most Updated Apps of 2009
While a few Google products did get shut down , " sunsetted , " or just did n't change much , several marquee apps grew up a whole lot this year with serious feature additions and upgrades .
Advertisement
Search Engine Upgrades : Remember when Google was just a search engine ?
Googlers do , because they 're still busy bees improving search results and rolling out new ways to get to them .
This year saw the rollout of Google web search 's Caffeine update , as well as music , social , and real - time search , along with several new Google Image search options , and updates to the Google Suggest drop - down .
Advertisement
Gmail :
Thanks to Gmail Labs , our favorite web - based email client got a slew of new features for power users , from automatic translations to offline attachments to time zone notifiers to exportable mail filters .
If you have n't recently , cruise through your Gmail account 's Labs area to pick and choose from over 60 experimental features .
Gmail 's mobile web application for the iPhone and on Android also saw an overhaul and vast improvement this year .
Advertisement
Gmail Labs Automatically Translates Your Email
Got yourself a pen pal that just happens to speak another language ?
A new feature in Gmail Labs… Read more
Chrome web browser : Google 's own browser , Chrome , saw a whole lot of movement in 2009 , especially late in the year with the release of bookmark sync , official beta builds for Mac and Linux ( finally ! ) , and Chrome extensions .
Advertisement
Google News also saw a couple of interesting experiments like Fast Flip and the News Timeline .
Advertisement
Google 's Mission to Speed Up the Web
If there 's any one thing Google did this year , it was launch a concerted effort on all fronts to make the web faster .
From developer tools ( like Speed Tracer and the Google Web Toolkit ) to consumer products ( like Chrome and Google Public DNS ) , it 's kind of astounding the sheer amount of stuff Google put out there this year under the speed umbrella .
They 're even going so far as attempt to reinvent the two pillar protocols of email and the web with Wave and SPDY ( a faster replacement for HTTP ) .
Advertisement
And the rest ....
2009 was also the year of a few legal skirmishes ( like the Google Books settlement , the Cyanogen C&D , the Google Voice / FCC dust - up ) , a few acquisitions ( like reCAPTCHA , Gizmo5 , and AppJet ) , and data control initiatives ( the Google Dashboard and the Data Liberation Front ) .
Advertisement
CyanogenMod to Continue Offering Custom Android Builds
A few days after Google sent a cease and desist letter to the maker of the CyanogenMod custom …
Read more
You could say it was a pretty busy year at the Googleplex .
Google 's 2009 Product Release Calendar
Take a chronological ride through the last four seasons at Google in this list of 2009 product releases and updates , listed month by month .
Advertisement
January
February
March
April
Advertisement
May
Advertisement
June
July
Advertisement
August
September
October
November
December
Advertisement
Now you tell us :
Advertisement
What was the best Google launch of the year ?
The biggest flop ?
The product that made the biggest difference in your daily life ?
Let us know in the comments .
Advertisement
Gina Trapani , Lifehacker 's founding editor , looks forward to what the GOOG will come up with in 2010 .
Find her at Smarterware and on Twitter .
Apparently , David Vitter does n't think the Senate should be able to go home at a reasonable hour to spend Christmas Eve with their families , and Tom Harkin wants everyone to know just whose stocking deserves a lump of coal .
SEN .
HARKIN ( D - Iowa ) : So Mr. President , I know one senator whose family is with their in - laws - their husband 's from England and their kids are over there - can't make it for Christmas dinner tomorrow night .
I know other person who has to get out to the west because - and there 's a lot of storms out there - if they can get that early flight , they can make two legs and get home .
If they have to go later in the day , they have to do three legs and they may not make it .
There 's a lot of people around here that are having a lot of problems with that .
We 're all here .
There 's no -- really no reason to hold over the vote .
So I 'm going to ask unanimous consent that the vote on the passage of the bill and the -- and the vote on the debt limit bill -- occur at 6 pm this evening .
PRESIDENT OF THE SENATE : Is there objection ?
SEN .
VITTER ( R - Lousiana ) : Mr. President ?
PRESIDENT OF THE SENATE : Senator Vitter .
SEN . VITTER ( R - Lousiana ) :
That request has not been cleared on this side , so on behalf of my colleagues , I will object .
And if the senator would like to talk to all of his colleagues about it , that would be fine .
But in the meantime , I would object .
PRESIDENT OF THE SENATE : Objection is heard .
SEN .
HARKIN ( D - Iowa ) : Mr. President , then I would further ask unanimous consent that the votes that are going to occur at 7 am tomorrow occur at 12:15 am in the morning .
SEN .
VITTER ( R - Lousiana ) : Mr. President ?
PRESIDENT OF THE SENATE : Is there objection ?
SEN .
VITTER ( R - Lousiana ) : Mr. President , my response would be the same and I would object in the same vein .
PRESIDENT OF THE SENATE : Objection is heard .
SEN .
HARKIN ( D - Iowa ) : Well I just want people to know who 's keeping us here .
The tax code has a particularly odd quirk next year .
The estate tax , which has decreased steadily from 50 % to 45 % over the past few years , will drop to zero in 2010 .
To get the repeal passed , however , Bush 43 agreed to a sunset provision that brings the tax right back in 2011 .
Heirs face 45 % tax on estates over $ 3.5 million today .
On January 1 , the amount goes to 0 % .
But on January 1 , 2011 , the tax ratchets back to 55 % on amounts over $ 1 million .
If Congress does nothing , I suspect we could see a spike in millionaire patricides this time next year .
Estates wo n’t be free of all tax next year .
They ’ll face much bigger capital gains taxes than they do today .
Under current law there ’s something called “ step - up . ”
You may have to pay 45 % on the amount you inherit over $ 3.5 million , but the cost basis is “ stepped up ” to today ’s prices .
Step - up will go away for the very largest estates .
This will cause lots of headaches .
If Grandpa bought a bunch of shares of IBM back in 1955 and held them all these years , the cost basis is probably close to $ 0 .
If he sold the stock , he ’d face a cap gain liability against pretty much the whole amount .
But when inherited , the cost basis gets “ stepped up ” to the current price , wiping out any embedded cap gains liability .
Heirs may not face estate tax next year , but they will inherit shares and property at their original cost basis .
So when they sell , they ’ll have a large cap gains liability .
Therein lies another big problem …
Imagine how difficult it is to determine , for example , the cost basis on shares of AT&T that were acquired decades ago ?
Besides factoring in dividend payments , what about divestitures and acquisitions that have happened since then ?
Today ’s AT&T is really SBC , which was once AT&T .
And what about all the spin - offs the bells did over time ?
Verizon punted its yellow - pages business as Idearc , for instance .
Lucent and Avaya were also spun off from the original Ma Bell .
How are those factored in ?
It wo n’t be easy to figure the capital gains liability on estates next year .
Accountants and tax lawyers will be running up the billable hours .
Meanwhile , Rich Dad better watch his back …
While the report – “ Tougher Times in 2010 ” – is not linked to the Dubai debacle , it is a reminder that countries merely bought time during the crisis by resorting to fiscal stimulus and shunting private losses onto public books .
The rescues – though necessary – have not resolved the underlying debt problem .
They have storied up a second set of difficulties by degrading sovereign debt across much of the world .
09/16/2020 10:43 AM
“ The secret of change is to focus all of your energy , not on fighting the old , but on building the new . ” —
Dan Millman , Author
We are living through a period of extreme change because the context that defines our lives has forever changed .
Context — the circumstances that form the setting of an event and [ … ]
Michael 's Dispatches Great Britain Loses one of its Finest
Details Published : Tuesday , 03 November 2009 05:34
03 November 2009
British soldiers at war are an incredible group .
Courageous , competent , and committed in very difficult conditions .
An email came today from London , from a BBC correspondent who has been to Afghanistan saying that Staff Sergeant Olaf Schmid had been killed .
To see the article in the BBC was deeply saddening : Soldier Killed While Defusing 65th Bomb .
On a side note , the British soldiers are conservative .
Though this is not very important , it ’s difficult to imagine that Olaf had only destroyed 64 bombs before being killed .
Just on this single mission , during which all these photos were taken , and during the surrounding few days , his crew must have destroyed several dozen bombs .
You had to be there .
By the time the mission in these photos happened , the crew was very experienced .
Courage is as common as boots among these soldiers , but Olaf stood out even in that company .
You could tell that Olaf knew his business from mean experience , and that he was ready for battle .
His mind was very quick .
His crew was competent and confident , and worked faster to clear bombs than any I had seen .
If not , the soldiers could never have completed this mission , because there simply were too many bombs .
They say all beekeepers get stung , but these are not bees .
These soldiers were facing an extraordinary number of bombs and booby - traps that are designed to kill the team .
According to the Oxford Mail , “ During the course of his tour , he attended 41 tasks , rendered safe 64 IEDs and attended 11 finds of bomb - making equipment . ”
The married father - of - one lived with his family in Winchester .
His wife Christina said : “ Oz was a phenomenal husband and loving father who was cruelly murdered on his last day of a relentless five - month tour . "
Olaf was lost on his last mission .
The enemy are blowing up civilians everywhere , and taking a toll on our folks .
According to the BBC : Lieutenant Colonel Robert Thomson , commanding officer of 2 Rifles Battle Group , said : " Staff Sgt Oz Schmid was simply the bravest and most courageous man I have ever met . "
" No matter how difficult or lethal the task which lay in front of us , he was the man who only saw solutions . "
" He saved lives in 2 Rifles time after time and for that he will retain a very special place in every heart of every rifleman in our extraordinary battle group . "
According to the Oxford Mail , Lt Col Robert Thomson , the commanding officer of the 2 Rifles Battle Group , said : “ Staff Sgt Oz Schmid was simply the bravest and most courageous man I have ever met . "
“ Under relentless IED and small arms attacks , he stood taller than the tallest .
He opened the Pharmacy Road and 24 hours later , found 31 IEDs in one go on route Sparta .
Every single company in 2 Rifles adored working with him . "
They really did .
Everybody liked to see not just Olaf , but his entire great team .
The mission succeeded that day .
For more about the lives , and missions of these excellent soldiers , please read Bad Medicine .
Rubinius , the " Ruby for Ruby programmers " is finally nearing its 1.0 release .
The 1.0 release focuses on compatibility to run real world applications , performance parity with MRI 1.8 , and code quality .
Rubinius lead developer Evan Phoenix told InfoQ why this release is so important and what it contains .
1.0 is really the release we 've been working on since Rubinius began .
We 're aiming for 1.8 compatibility and near speed parity .
Our compatibility is already quite high , using RubySpec as the guiding force .
On the speed side , Rubinius is already many times faster than 1.8 on a lot of things .
The big push is getting all the ruby code that implements the core class running as fast as the C code that makes up the 1.8 implementations .
We 're doing really well in this department , but it 's quite possible that we 'll be slower than 1.8 in some cases on the core classes .
We 've already gotten some external reports of some real , in the wild code being a few times faster under Rubinius .
Clearly those results wo n't scale up to all code for 1.0 , but it shows that we 're really getting close .
Rubinius can use the Low Level Virtual Machine ( LLVM ) compiler infrastructure to build native code .
Note that it is currently not enabled by default in the RC1 .
The LLVM work is great .
In 1.0 - rc1 , you have to pass -- enable - llvm to configure to have Rubinius built with LLVM .
We 're likely going to change that for rc2 , building LLVM in by default and allowing users to opt - out if they feel they do n't want it .
If LLVM is compiled in , the JIT is on by default , automatically compiling methods that are run a lot into machine code .
We 're getting great output from LLVM , especially using our type profiling work .
This allows us to see what methods are commonly called and inline them , increasing performance .
In the early days of Rubinius , the focus was on more completeness , which has led to the RubySpec .
Now the scale has shifted in favor of performance , or is it still on completeness ?
We 're focused on both .
In the past , the focus has been mainly on completeness , but over the course of the last year we 've focused on performance a lot .
The LLVM work is a direct result of this , and it 's paying off big time .
As for performance , it 's getting great .
On micro benchmarks , we 're many ( if not hundreds ) times faster than 1.8 .
But as we know , micro benchmark results do n't scale to real world code .
In that , we 're seeing results all over the map .
Some users report a few times speed , some report similar performance , and there are reports quite a bit slower performance .
We 're really focused on those areas of slow performance right now .
We 've built ourselves a lot of great tools to help isolate and fix performance issues , such as our built in profiler .
In improving performance , we look first at making the ruby code itself better .
This can go a long way , improving things algorithmically and fixing inefficient code .
JIT improvements are our other main tool for improving performance .
Teach the JIT how to compile ruby code down to machine code more efficiently has big payoffs , and we 're always working on this .
Besides the performance and compatibility improvements , Rubinius also advances in other areas , like error reporting of missing closing ends .
And probably the most interesting question : will Rubinius 1.0 run Rails ?
Of course !
For rc2 , we should be running both rails 2.3.5 and rails 3 .
1.0 -rc2 will be out near the end of December , just in time for people to play around with it over they holidays !
The first release candidate can be downloaded from the Rubinius website .
Test your 1.8.6 code now and report any errors you find .
Forget those bulky rooftop solar panels –the hot new thing in solar energy could be rooftop shingles that convert sunlight into electricity , and that blend in seamlessly with the standard asphalt shingles that top most houses .
Dow Chemical has announced that it will begin selling its Powerhouse Solar Shingles in limited quantities in 2010 , with a full roll - out the following year .
Dow executive Jane Palmieri says the shingle incorporates a low - cost , thin - film photovoltaic cell device for capturing solar energy .
Roofing contractors do not need specialized skills to install the product , she said .
The cost was estimated by Palmieri at $ 27,000 for an array of solar shingles to offset 60 percent of a home ’s power consumption [ AP ] .
While that may seem pricey , it ’s still far below the cost of an equivalent solar panel system .
Dow expects the shingles to catch on with roofing contractors because they can be installed in about 10 hours , compared with 22 to 30 hours for traditional solar panels , reducing the installation costs that make up more than 50 percent of total system prices .
The product will be rolled out in North America through partnerships with home builders [ Reuters ] .
The shingles are the first product to come to market from Dow ’s developing line of “ Building Integrated Photovoltaic ” ( BIPV ) systems , in which power - generating systems are integrated into traditional housing elements .
In 2007 , Dow received $ 20 million in funding from the U.S. Department of Energy to work on BIPV technology .
Image : flickr / pointnshoot
( CNN ) --
More than 30,000 people have fled their homes ahead of an expected eruption of the Mayon volcano in the central Philippines , the Red Cross said Wednesday .
Philippine authorities have said a large - scale eruption of the 2,464 - meter ( 8,077 - foot ) peak is imminent , and have begun trying to evacuate about 50,000 people living around the nation 's most active volcano .
Gwendolyn Pang , the secretary - general of the Philippine Red Cross , said the ground around the mountain shook several times Wednesday .
Emergency workers have so far evacuated 30,751 people , with 21 centers set up to take in the evacuees , she said .
People in surrounding Albay province have flocked to town centers to catch a glimpse of glowing lava cascading down the slopes of Mayon since the mountain began oozing fiery lava and belching clouds of ash this week .
The Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology raised its alert level for the Mayon volcano Monday night , warning that a full - scale eruption could occur " within weeks to days . "
The volcano , about 500 kilometers ( 310 miles ) south of the Philippine capital Manila , has gone off 49 times since the first documented eruption in 1616 .
See an iReporter 's video and photos of Mayon
The Philippines is in the so - called Ring of Fire , an arc of fault lines circling the Pacific Basin that is prone to frequent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions .
Mayon 's most violent eruption , in 1814 , killed more than 1,200 people and devastated several towns .
It 's last major eruption was in 1993 .
Since then , it has emitted ash and spewed lava but remained restless .
Wedding traditions differ from culture to culture , nation to nation .
Some of traditions are actually quite hard to explain .
Here are just few examples of such traditions .
Let 's start with Korea .
After the wedding ceremony , friends of the groom take off his socks , tie a rope around the ankles , and start beating soles of his feet with dried yellow corvina .
Yellow corvina is kind of fish !
It is done so to make the groom stronger before the first wedding night .
Koreans believe that if the groom is smiling a lot at the wedding his first child is going to be a daughter .
After the wedding groom 's parents throw some nuts and plums to the bride .
If the bride takes some nuts she 'll get many sons .
There is also a tradition where guest at the wedding throw some other objects at the happy couple .
These objects are chestnuts ( symbolizing respect ) and jujubes ( " daechu " ) or dried red dates ( symbolizing diligence ) .
Money gifts to the happy couple in Korea should be in odd numbers .
Koreans believe that they are associated with the positive „ yang “ energy .
Still on lovely round values of 100,000 won or more the couple will certainly be ready to make an exception .
" San - san - kudo no Sakazuki " or just " sakazuki - goto " is the name of the ceremony held at Japanese wedding .
In Japanese San - san - kudo means " three , three , nine times " .
The bride and groom take three sips of sake from each of three cups .
The cup used in the ceremony is called " sakazuki " .
Three cups used differ in size .
First three sips are from the smallest one .
Number three was chosen on purpose .
It is an indivisible numer and Buddhist believe that it is sacred .
For them nine means triple happiness .
The sake drank during this ceremony is not always delicious .
It is the same with life .
All kind of troubles will appear .
But the bride and groom will have to overcome them with spirit of unity present in the ceremony .
For the next tradition let 's move to Scotland .
There is an old Scottish tradition called " feet washing " .
It is held on the eve of a wedding .
People gather to wash the feet of a bride - to - be .
Before the ceremony the ring belonging to a married woman is put into a tub .
The first person who is going to find the ring is going to be married next .
" Creeling the groom " is an old Scottish wedding ritual where the groom carries big basket full of stones on his back .
He has to carry it until the bride comes and gives him a kiss .
The Luckenbooth brooch is given to the bride by her groom on the wedding day .
In the 18th century these brooches were sold from locked booths in the jewellery quarter of St. Giles in Edinburgh .
Some people pin this brooch on the blanket of their first baby for luck .
" The first foot " is a person whom the Scottish bride sees first on her way to the wedding .
This person gets a coin and some whiskey .
He or she must join the bridal procession .
People in Scotland also organize " Blackening the bride " .
Couple 's friends and family members kidnap the bride - to - be and then pour some rather smelly substance on her .
Would you like the recipe ?
Mix eggs , different sauces , butter , cheese , noodles , fish , sausages , carrots .
Some extra ingredients can be added .
Everything depends on your imagination .
When she is " blacken " she is guided through town for everyone to see her .
What 's the " procedure " for the bride when entering her new home ?
Before she enters it an oatcake or " bannocks " ( a biscuit made of barley and oat flour ) is broken above her head .
Peaces of bannocks are then share among everyone present .
Only then the groom carries the bride over the threshold .
In Germany friends of bride and groom kidnap the bride and the groom has to find her .
The search starts in a local pub .
The groom pays a drink to everyone who wants to join him in search .
In the north of Germany people have “ Kössenbitter ” .
He is one of bride 's cousins .
He wears a tuxedo and hat .
His duty is to deliver wedding invitations .
Traditionally people give him two glasses of " schnapps " – one for the bride and one for the groom .
He has several days to perform his duty .
Germans also have a tradition called " Polterabend " .
It is organized in the evening before the wedding .
Friends of the bride arrive to her house and break dishes or plates at her front door .
It is believed that this will bring the bride success in her life .
She thanks the friends by inviting them for a glass of wine or some biscuits .
In some parts of Germany people organize " Paube " .
It is held several days or even weeks before the wedding .
It is sort of engagement party but also a housewarming party in the future home of the happy couple .
On the wedding day in Germany the bride carries some bread and salt in her pocket as a wish for the prosperous life of her new family .
The groom carries little bit of grains which symbolize success .
We are still in Germany .
When the bride and groom are leaving the wedding reception it is a tradition to lay some fir branches in front of them .
It is done to pave their way with hope , luck and fertility .
In Germany after the wedding bride and groom have to saw a log in half working together .
This is called " Baumstamm sägen " ( " tree log﻿ sawing " ) .
It should show how they are going to solve problems in their life .
At the wedding in the Netherlands people traditionally consume alcoholic drink Bruidstranen ( " Bride 's tears " ) and sweetmeat known as Bruid suikas ( " Bridal sugar " ) .
Bruid suikas is given to guests in a " tuule " bag .
The five pieces given represents love , happiness , loyalty , properity , and virility .
On the wedding day Dutch couple plants a lily - of - the - valley .
This flower should remind them to renew their love as the flower blooms in the spring .
In Kazakhstan the couple is officially engaged after the groom 's parents put earrings on bride 's ears .
Before the wedding or " toi " ( in Kazakh party , festival ) the bride has " uzatu toy " or the farewell ceremony .
When the bride arrives to groom 's home the ceremony known as " betashar " is performed .
During this ceremony the face of the bride is revealed to the groom 's family .
Traditional songs " zhar - zhar " and " betashar " are sung accompanied by two string musical instrument called " dombira " .
In Taiwan the groom gives bride 12 presents .
These presents can be shoes , jewelry and pagoda shaped candies .
What follows is loud reading of the groom 's letter of betrothal .
Then it is the bride 's turn to send 12 presents to groom .
She sends objects like goldfish and chopsticks .
What is especially interesting is the criteria why these objects are chosen .
Words used for objects sent sound quite similar to Chinese words for " plenty " and " fast boy " .
It is believed that they symbolize wish for prosperous future and wish for the baby boy to be born .
On the wedding day the groom in Hong Kong has to pay “ luck money ” to be with his bride .
This money is kept in red packets .
The Tujia people , with population of more than 8 million , live in central China .
Crying is regular part of weddings there .
A month before the wedding , a bride cries for about an hour .
Ten days later , she is not alone in her daily weeping ritual .
Her mother joins her .
Ten days after that , her grandmothers , sisters and aunts join them too .
Tuija bride - to - be performs something what is locally known as the " Crying Marriage Song " .
She weeps in different tones .
What is the reason for all these tears ?
Actually , local believe that this tradition is actually a celebration of happy future for the couple .
Tears and mournful atmosphere are there to mislead you .
The Yugur people or Yellow Uyghurs live in in Sunan Yugur Autonomous County in Chinese Gānsù Province .
During local weddings the groom shoots three arrows to the bride .
Do not worry , these arrows do not have arrowheads and nobody gets hurt .
At the wedding ceremony the groom breaks the arrows and the bow .
This act has a symbolic meaning .
For the Yugur it means eternal love and life together .
The Daur people live in Chinese Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region and Heilongjiang Province .
Some Daur communities exist in the Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region .
The date of the wedding is settled in rather interesting way .
The young man and his bride to be holding the knife together kill a chick .
Then they analyze its liver .
If it is of suitable appearance the date of wedding is decided .
If not the happy couple kills yet another chick .
Most of the Lahu people live in Yunnan province in the far southwest of China .
Being bald used to be a common thing for both Lahu men and women .
Only single girls had hair .
After marriage the woman would keep a lock of hair on top of the head .
This lock was called “ hunmao ” or “ hair of the soul ” .
Nowadays this tradition is quite rare .
Still those who observe it say that being bald is clean and certainly sign of beauty .
The Gelao ( Gelo ) people live in the Guizhou Province located in the southwest of China .
They call themselves Klau .
For the Gelao girl it is not good to be a virgin .
It is believed that the girl who gets married as virgin is a bad luck for the family and her future husband .
That is why , to become less attractive to local guys , the girl who is still virgin knocks out one or two of her teeth .
When Gelao bride arrives to her new home she splash some water over the people there .
It is done to scare evil spirits and bring good luck .
In Vietnam the groom 's mother carries pink chalk and the Betel ( Pieper betle ) nuts to the bride 's home .
The pink chalk symbolizes happy future .
The Betel nuts are the way of showing respect towards the groom and his family .
Only after this ritual the groom and his family can arrive to the bride 's home .
Last night before the wedding is very important .
The bride 's mother neatens the hair of her daughter with several combs .
Each comb has different purpose .
The most important is the third one .
When using it the mother will ask for the future happiness of her daughter .
In Cambodia there is a " ptem " or knot ceremony .
In this ceremony knots are tied on a string bracelet .
These knots symbolize the elders ' good wishes for the bride and groom .
A candle is passed by the married guests to bless the happy couple .
Gaat Sah ( " Cutting Hair " ) is yet another of interesting Cambodian wedding traditions .
The happy couple sits next to each other .
Two singers ( one female , one female ) dance around bride and groom and kind of clean them of their past life .
These singers symbolize heavenly creatures .
They " cut " their hair and " perfume " the couple .
Then the couple 's parents and some guests do the same .
The whole rite includes lot of humour .
In the south of Thailand 21 years old man traditionally gets married to a tree .
The tree symbolizes vitality .
So , the man is will be blessed by the Buddha and the Patriarchs .
He will be able to find true love and have a happy family the future .
On the wedding morning in Malaysia children carry trays with food and animal or flower - shaped envelopes with some money to the bride 's house .
At the wedding reception guest sometimes get decorated hard - boiled eggs .
It is believed that eggs are the symbols of fertility .
Tidong ( Tedong ) tribe lives in the Malaysian state of Sabah and in Indonesian East Kalimantan province .
Both are located in the north of Borneo .
The newly - wed couple is not suppose to go to toilet for 72 hours .
They spend the time in isolation closely watched by their families .
They are given small amounts of food and water .
No cheating is allowed .
Cheating will bring them bad luck like the death of their child at a very young age .
The next tradition has lot to do with the astrology .
In Vedic astrology Mangal Dosha ( Kuja Dosha , Bhom Dosha , Angaraka Dosha ) is an astrological condition when Mars is in the 1st , 4th , 7th , 8th , or 12th house of a lunar chart .
A manglik is a person born during this condition .
In India it is believed that female manglik is cursed and that she is going to cause her husband 's death .
That is why she has to " marry " some object like for example a banana tree , peepal tree , silver or gold statue of the Hindu God Vishnu .
This ceremony is called a kumbh vivah .
After the ceremony object is destroyed .
Only then she can marry her human husband .
People in India have a tradition called " Jaimala " or the Exchange of Garlands .
The bride and groom exchange flower garlands ( usually made of marigolds , lotus , jasmine and roses ) as a gesture of accepting and respecting one another .
Garlands are symbols of love .
In India male members of both families throw flower petals on the bride and groom as symbols of life without sorrow and troubles .
As symbol of being married people in India wear toe rings .
Toe rings are called “ bichiya ” ( in Hindi ) , “ mettelu ” ( in Telugu ) and “ metti ” ( in Tamil ) .
Such rings are usually made of silver .
People wear them in pairs on the second toe of both feet .
During the wedding ceremony the groom puts the bichiya on the second toe of bride 's foot while she holds her foot on the ceremonial grinding stone ( " ammi " ) .
There is also a tradition of wearing bichiya in sets on four of five toes .
The fifth toe on which the ring is never worn is the little pinky .
There is an old Hindu belief stating that no gold object should be worn below the waist .
That is why some say that bichiya should not be made of gold .
Nowadays many do not care about it anymore .
And toe rings made of gold and diamond are common thing .
In the past there was tradition to wear large toe ring on the great toe as symbol of marriage .
Some men in India wear the ring on big toe for medical purposes or as symbol of manhood .
These rings are not close circles and that way can be easily removed .
In parts of Indian subcontinent the groom will not look directly at his bride .
Instead he 'll look at the mirror .
People will ask him " what do you see " .
He 'll say " Fairy " .
There is also a Hindu belief according to which rain on the wedding day means good luck .
When walking to the wedding chappel children in France traditionally pull the white ribbons of the wedding gown .
The bride then cuts these ribbons .
What is Charivari ?
Those of you from France know this tradition .
For all others the Charivari ( shivaree , chivaree ) is a tradition organized for the newly - weds by their friends and family .
They gather in front of the house where the couple is spending their first night together .
They use all kind of objects ( pots , horns , drums etc. ) to make noise .
It is so , so loud and the couple comes outside and gives them drink or something like that .
In France there is a tradition that bride and groom at their wedding reception drink wine from a cup with two handles called " coup de marriage " ( cup of marriage ) symbolizing their loving relationship .
When the happy couple in France decides to leave the wedding reception people put some laurel leaves on their path .
In Italy the bride must wear something blue , something old , something borrowed and something new .
These objects are believed to bring good luck .
It is also customary that the bride wears a veil .
Bride 's veil is suppose to protect her from evil spirits .
It is believed that wearing green during night preceding the wedding day brings good luck .
Only bride should wear white at the wedding .
Wearing purple clothes by the bride or groom is avoided .
In southern Italy usually there are no weddings in May as it brings bad luck .
At weddings in Italy the bride usually does not wear any gold as it suppose to bring bad luck .
On bride 's way to the chappel people put all kind of obstacles .
Then everyone carefully observes her reactions .
It is believed that way reactions in her future life can be predicted .
In front of the wedding chappel Italians tie a ribbon .
This special ribbon is a symbol of bond between the bride and the groom .
" Confetti " are almonds covered with layer of sugar .
They are symbols of bitter - sweet feelings appearing in the marriage as almonds are bitter and sugar is sweet .
Confetti always appear in odd number .
They are given for good luck .
Very important tradition at Italian weddings is called " buste " .
The bride carries satin bag or " la borsa " .
Female guests at the reception put envelopes containing money in the bag .
Male guests also put some money but they ask for a dance with the bride in return .
The money is sometimes collected by the bride 's grandmother .
There is also a tradition called “ cutting ” of the groom 's tie .
The tie is cut into small pieces .
Then the friend of the happy couple walks from table to table offering those pieces .
He gets some money for every piece .
The money collected is given to the couple .
Bride and groom at Italian weddings break a vase .
The number of pieces it broke into should tell about the number of years they will be married .
In Switzerland a bride wears a crown or wreath .
The wreath symbolizes her virginity .
After the wedding ceremony the wreath is removed and burned .
If it burns fast it is believed that the bride is lucky .
Swiss bridesmaids traditionally throw coloured handkerchiefs at the guests present at the wedding reception .
The guest who catches the handkerchief is expected to give some money to the bride and groom .
Very similar to the above mentioned tradition is the one where a " gelbe frau " or godmother gives red handkerchiefs to each guest who in return gives few coins for the happy couple .
There is a lovely tradition held in Austria before the bride and groom step over the threshold .
They tie their hands together , eat some bread and drink wine .
Then the groom throws the glass over the roof .
Everything mentioned is done to ensure good luck .
Orange is the colour of weddings in Spain .
Wedding bouquet there often includes orange blossoms .
Brides have orange blossoms in their hair .
In Spanish folklore the orange blossom tree symbolizes everlasting love .
Orange blossoms are symbols of purity .
At the wedding reception in Portugal the bride takes off her shoes .
They are then used for the guests to put some money inside .
The bride and groom use the money to finance their honeymoon .
Important part of the Portuguese wedding reception is called " Copo d' Agua " ( cup of water ) .
The bride and groom go from table to table .
They chat a bit with everyone .
They ensure that everyone is having a good time .
The champagne toast is offered when the bride and groom cut the wedding cake .
The first piece of the wedding cake is given to a single friend .
The bride and groom try to leave the reception before its end .
But this is not easy at all .
Guests try to keep them busy all night .
Some hide their luggage or even their car .
In the Czech Republic a day before the wedding bride 's friend plants a tree .
Such a tree is decorated with painted egg shells and ribbons of different colours .
There is a belief that the bride will be happy and have a good life as long as the tree lives .
The Czechs also have an interesting tradition held after the wedding .
A child is put on the couple 's bed .
This is a symbol of fertility .
Moravian people live in parts of the Czech Republic and Slovakia .
At local weddings bride and groom light one big candle .
The flame is then passed to next person holding a candle .
The person passes the flame to the person sitting next to him .
This is continued until all candles at the reception are lit .
The atmosphere created is very nice , intimate one .
In Slovakia the groom puts the bride on his shoulder and carries her away from the wedding reception .
The wedding feast in Poland includes a small table that is put in front of the one where the happy couple is sitting .
On this small table there are two slices or cubes of bread , some salt , a silver coin and two glasses of wine .
First the couple eats up bread .
The bread symbolizes hope that the couple wo n't suffer from hunger in the future .
Then they drink little bit of wine .
Wine represent sweetness in life .
After that both bride and groom put little bit of salt on their tongue .
The taste of salt is not pleasant .
This fact symbolizes troubles every couple is going to face during life .
The bride and groom hold a silver coin between their right hands put together to show their hope for life without financial troubles .
Finally , the parents kiss bride and groom and that way welcome them into two families – bride 's and groom's .
What follows after this ritual is the band performs Polish wedding toast “ Sto Lat ” ( “ 100 years ” ) .
Polish wedding ends with the bridal dance .
A female friend or some family member of the bride puts on an apron .
The bride then for few moments dances with each guest .
Guests are supposed to put some money in the apron .
The first one who dances with the bride is her father .
Bride and groom are the last to dance .
He has to put his wallet in the apron .
After that the happy couple leaves and the wedding feast is finished .
In Mexico the groom gives his bride 13 coins or " arras " .
These coins represent Christ and 12 apostles .
Priest blesses the coins .
They mean that the groom will take care of bride .
Mexicans also have a white ribbon or rosary called a " lasso " .
During the marriage vows lasso is tied around bride 's and groom 's neck .
It symbolizes couple 's unity .
The lasso is usually tied by the " padrinos de lassos " , which are happily married husband and wife .
There is a belief in Mexico that the bride should not wear pearls on her wedding day .
Why ?
Mexicans believe that pearls represent tears and the bride wearing them will cry on her wedding day .
In El Salvador the groom and people gathered at the wedding ceremony are waiting for the arrival of bride .
Seven men in seven white cars go to her home and bring her to the place where the ceremony is held .
Irish people have many different wedding traditions .
One of them used to be organized at the start of their wedding meals .
The start included three mouthfuls of oats and salt .
It was believed that they protect from the evil eye .
Very popular engagement and wedding ring in Ireland is the Claddagh ring .
It originated in the Irish fishing village of Claddagh , located close to the city of Galway .
The ring was first produced in the 17th century during the reign of Queen Mary II .
The Claddagh ring includes two hands holding a crowned heart .
According to local belief the single woman wears the crown pointing inward .
The woman who is in a relationship should wear the crown pointing outward .
At the ceremony Irish bride often carries a porcelain horseshoe symbolizing good luck .
After the wedding the horseshoe is put above the front door of the family home .
The ends of horseshoe should face up to continue the good luck .
When the guests are leaving the place where the wedding ceremony was held the bride and groom throw chocolate coins to the guests .
Coins are symbols of good luck and prosperity of the couple .
Groom at Irish weddings has to be very careful when dancing with bride .
His feet have to stay on the floor all the time .
Why ?
If he moves even only one foot off the floor the fairies will steal the bride .
Everyone knows that the traditional colour of Ireland is green .
But nobody should wear green at Irish weddings .
It brings bad luck .
In Irish counties of Mayo and Leitrim there is a group of 9 young men called the " strawboys " .
They wear straw masks or sometimes straw petticoats .
They visit the bride 's home on the wedding eve .
There one of them dances with the bride .
Others dance with girls they found there .
The next Irish tradition used to exist long time ago .
The man who wanted to marry a certain woman gave her a bracelet woven of human hair .
This bracelet was symbolic tie which connected them for life .
In England people believe that a spider in the wedding dress means good luck .
In Wales bride gives some myrtle to her bridesmaids .
Bridesmaid whose myrtle sprouts roots and blossoms first is going to marry next .
In parts of Greece , like for example in the Dodecanese archipelago , there is a tradition called " making the marriage bed " .
It is held just before the main wedding festivity in the house where the couple is going to live .
Bride 's and Groom 's fathers are the first who put money on the couple 's bed .
They are followed by friends and cousins .
Then the baby is brought and placed on the bed as symbol of fertility and prosperity .
In Greece people traditionally write names of all single women at the wedding party on the sole of bride 's shoe .
After the party shoe is checked .
Women whose names have been worn off will be married soon .
Greek bride sometimes carries little bit of sugar in her glove to make sure that her future life will be sweet .
After the wedding bride throws a pomegranate at a door covered with honey .
If fruit seeds stay sticked on the door the couple will have many children .
In Cyprus people have a ceremony called the spreading of the mattress .
In this ceremony women dance around the bridal bedding .
As part of the invitations to the wedding in some parts of Bulgaria little cakes are sent to the guests .
Corn is sprinkled over the happy couple and girls as they dance .
The bride kisses rings of all married women at the wedding .
Each of these women gives her a fig for luck .
Groom 's best man in Bulgaria carries a special wedding banner .
There are quite specific rules that must be followed in making of the banner .
Pole for this banner must be of fruit - bearing tree .
It is cut off the tree in a single stroke .
On top of the pole an apple or an onion wrapped in foil is placed .
This object is not the only attached to the pole .
People also put a kerchief , ivy and ribbons .
Russians think it is bad luck to get married in May .
Some people say that it is because Russian word for May ( " mai " ) sounds similar to " mayatsa " which means to suffer .
In Russia bread and salt are offered to the bride and groom .
This is done to wish them good and prosperous marriage .
It is very rude to cross the path in front of the newlyweds on their way to the wedding ceremony .
At the wedding ceremony Russian bride and groom usually stand on a red carpet .
The one who first steps on the carpet is believed to be the guardian of the family .
Russian bride must be very careful not to drop the ring during wedding ceremony .
Dropping the ring is believed to be a bad omen .
The box in which rings were kept until the wedding ceremony is taken by the bridesmaid who is planning to get married next .
Rather strange tradition exists at Russian wedding receptions .
Those who would like to get married soon should secretly pull the tablecloth .
It is a bad sign if the heel on bride 's shoes gets broken .
Russian bride puts a coin under the heel of her left shoe for luck .
The groom puts money in his shoes .
He gives the money to bride before the wedding night .
Wedding celebration in Russia lasts for two days .
It starts on Friday and end ends on Sunday .
Groom gets in all sorts of troubles when he arrives at bride 's home .
He is not allowed to see her .
He has to pay a ransom ( „ vykup “ ) .
The whole event is rather funny .
The groom first offers some jewellery or money .
The bride 's parents bring out a person ( female or male ) dressed as a bride .
She or he wears a veil so her / his face can not be seen .
The groom soon realizes that he is cheated .
He again asks to see his bride .
The parents say that he must pay higher ransom .
The amount is finally agreed and the bride is given away .
Wedding ceremony can be a religious or a civil one .
During civil ceremony the happy couple traditionally breaks two crystal glasses .
The number of broken pieces determines years they will spend together .
The wedding meal includes several toasts .
When the couple make first sip the guests start shouting „ gorko , gorko , gorko ... “ !
Russian word „ gorko “ means bitter .
To make the drink sweet the bride and groom must kiss .
The kiss must big as long as possible .
During kiss people count „ 1...2...3...4...5..“ .
At the part held on the second day of wedding feast guest do not get spoons , forks , knives .
They kind of buy them .
Without them being at the meal would be pointless .
They could bring them but that would really bad taste .
After the meal the bride cleans the room floor .
The whole act includes rather funny detail .
Guests can make mess as much as they want , but only with banknotes and coins .
The money the bride manages to collect goes to couples budget .
In Ukraine the groom 's mother makes a salt sprinkled round loaf .
She carries it on a special towel to the bride 's family .
If the bride excepts the proposal the date of the wedding is set by members of both families .
If the answer is no the groom gets a pumpkin .
Also in Ukraine , when bride and groom leave bride 's house , bride 's mother throws several things on them .
She throws seeds , rose leaves and coins .
They symbolize new prosperous life .
Ukrainians have a joke about what bride and groom do during their first wedding night .
It is said that they count money .
Wedding towels have always played an important role at weddings held in Belarus .
Their colours and designs vary from region to region .
In the past bride had a towel tied around her hand .
On the way to the church she dragged the towel on the ground .
That way she marked the path for her friends who are going to get married in the future .
After the ceremony the bride also drag the towel around the alter for the same purpose .
Nowadays wedding gifts are usually wrapped in a towel .
Wedding towels are passed from generation to generation .
Handkerchiefs are quite important thing at the weddings in Hungary .
Traditionally the bride gives either 3 or 7 handkerchiefs to the groom for luck .
In return he gives her a bag of coins .
The headdress of bride at traditional Hungarian wedding is rather special .
It has strands of wheat woven in the hair .
These strands are symbols of fertility .
The bride also gets an egg .
She smashes it .
This ensures the health for her future children .
In Lithuania happy couple sometimes wears fur clothes which symbolizes wish for a rich and successful life .
Lithuanian bride , after entering her new home , puts a red belt or towel on the stove to somehow get respect of the household spirits .
At the wedding reception in Estonia the groom is blindfolded .
He is surrounded by the single men .
He is then spin around .
He tries to put his hat on one of the men .
It is believed that the man who gets the hat is going to get married next .
According to an old Finnish traditions bride and groom should took a sauna bath before the wedding .
They should do it together or separately .
In some parts of the country bride of honour put some salt into the water used in bathing .
A guard used to stand before the sauna building to keep it safe from evil spirits .
Nowadays taking a sauna bath before the wedding still exists and it is usually performed as part of stag nights and hen parties .
In Finland future bride wears a golden crown .
She walks from house to house collecting wedding presents .
She puts them in a pillowcase .
She has an assistant .
An older married man accompanies her .
He holds an umbrella over her head .
The umbrella symbolizes protection and haven .
In Finland rice is thrown at the happy couple .
The grains that remains in the bride 's hair is counted .
It is believed that number of grains shows the number of children the couple will have in the future .
Finnish bride often carries a match .
Why ?
Well , symbolically this match should keep love burning in the marriage .
An old Swedish wedding tradition is where the bride walks with coins in her shoes .
Her father puts a silver coin in her left shoe .
Her mother puts a golden coin in the right shoe .
It is important to kiss a bride or groom at the wedding party in Sweden .
If a bride for example goes to toilet all the women line in front of the groom to kiss him .
It is similar with the groom is out of the room .
Then all men line in front of the bride to kiss her .
In Denmark there is a tradition where the bride 's veil is being torn up by her friends .
They keep parts of the veil for good luck .
Also in Denmark , if either bride 's or groom 's parent is deceased the bride 's bouquet is put on the grave .
In Norway it is a tradition that after the wedding friends and neighbours of the newlyweds plant two small fir trees on each side of their house .
These trees symbolize fertility .
Norwegian bride traditionally wears white or silver coloured wedding gown .
On her head she wears silver or gold crown .
In the upper part of the room where the wedding reception is organized Norwegians put small bangles .
Lovely melody is created when the bride touches them with her crown .
It is believed that this sound scares off evil spirits .
Out of many cakes made for weddings in Norway the most famous is the Kransekake ( " ring cake " ) .
It is made of marzipan .
It includes several concentric rings of cake .
Together they make pyramid shaped object .
The top of Kransekake is reserved for the happy couple .
The bride and groom break other parts and give the pieces to guests at the wedding reception .
During slavery African Americans were not allowed to get married .
They created a way to somehow show their love in public .
With the sound of drums in the background a couple jumped over a broom " into matrimony " .
A broom was chosen as they believed it was a basic thing needed to start a household .
Traditional wedding dress worn by the Navajo bride includes four colour representing four cardinal directions - black for the north , blue for the south , orange for the west , and white for the east .
During the wedding ceremony the Navajo couple faces east which symbolizes new beginning .
One of the most popular wedding traditions in Puerto Rico is the doll similar to the bride which is put on the main table at the wedding reception .
Such doll can have special pins called " capias " .
These pins are removed by guests and used to pin money on the bride 's gown when dancing with her .
The bride in Puerto Rico carries a beautiful bouqet .
Traditional wedding bouqet includes Poppy flower ( Amapola in Spanish ) and a fan .
This flower and the fan are the symbols of good luck .
At the wedding ceremony the priest blesses a plate with coins .
The plate is then passed to the bride by the groom after exchanging the vows .
The coins are symbols of couple 's fortune .
Bermuda is a British overseas territory located northeast of Florida .
In Bermuda people usually make two wedding cakes - one for bride and one for groom .
It is common that one of these cakes is the traditional fruit and rum cake .
Two cakes are surrounded by an ivy wreath .
The wreath symbolizes love between bride and groom .
At the wedding in Yemen father of the groom takes a handful of raisins and throws them onto the carpet .
People gathered there try to pick up as many raisins as possible .
Why ?
Raisins are believed to be symbols of the bright future for the bride and groom .
Most of people living the Tafilalet oasis located in the southeast of Morocco are Muslim Berbers .
The bride belonging to Ait Khabbash ( a clan of the Ait Atta ) has her face covered with red silk scarf during her wedding .
Local wedding lasts for three days .
During the wedding she stays in tent .
Only the groom is allowed to see her face .
In Orthodox Judaism there is the Lubavitch Chassidic sect .
At their weddings the groom must arrive without any " knots " on his clothes " .
He has to untie his tie , shoe laces etc .
Knots symbolically mean troubles in marriage .
After the wedding ceremony in Australia guests put satin horseshoes on ribbons to the bride 's wrist for good luck .
The Marquesas Islands ( " Te Henua ( K) enana " in North Marquesan or " Te Fenua ` Enata " in South Marquesan – " The Land of Men ) consist of 14 island in French Polynesia .
Local wedding ends in rather interesting way .
The bride 's relatives lay face down forming a row in front of the bride and groom .
The couple leaves the wedding reception walking over this " human carpet " .
OTTAWA , March 3 Â
The prospect of a shutdown of BlackBerry wireless e-mail service in the United States evaporated today as the two companies in the patent dispute reached a $ 612.5 million settlement .
While more costly than an attempt last March to settle the case for $ 450 million , today 's deal gives Research in Motion , the BlackBerry 's Canadian maker , an unconditional right to use patents held by NTP Inc. , a closely held intellectual property holding company in McLean , Va .
BlackBerry customers had faced the prospect of installing new software that Research in Motion promised would avoid NTP 's patent claims .
But that process was likely to be costly , and it faced legal uncertainties .
" There 's been a collective sigh of relief , " said Ellen Dailey , an analyst with Forrester Research .
" R.I.M . knew that by not settling , they were going to put tremendous pressure on their customers . "
